user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198345239763,Not Recommended,438740,33354064,Posted: 7 July,all,Handsome Chad,"PROS: I'm Chad.CONS:Hi, I'm Chad, the most handsome guy in Friday the 13th. I pre-ordered this game through their backer system, and they did not email me a game code on release. I emailed their support about this issue and they did not reply. After some procrastination I decided to purchase the game through Steam because I'm Chad.After playing for about a day Chad discovers that not everyone was playing on the same level field. Chad, being Chad and thus naturally unfairly handsome, was okay with this. Nerfed new rolls for thick skin etc, it's all the same when you're Chad.Then Chad runs into fellows like this every game, using spots that make them unkillable while everyone else has to wait 10+ minutes:http://imgur.com/a/rpNIuChad doesn't want to look bad, he's too handsome for that, so he does the natural thing and kills them with shotgun to end the match for everyone. Unfortunately for Chad, they know the developers, and not even Chad's parents can bail him out of this ♥♥♥♥♥torm.Chad thus receives an un-Chadly permaban.Peeking at the stickied topic, you can be perma banned for:calling people names,being recorded teamkilling if it helps Jason (as a bonus: Jason gets banned too even if he's unaware!),falling foul of the games many unfixed glitches,having fun, having fun with your friends, not killing your friends first as Jason,and according to notorious forum posts, offending one of the developer's friends while they perform exploits that would normally be bannable, but not in that case, because it was a ""one-off"", so only the people that got mad about the exploiters received a permaban.Bonus: Teamkilling a streamer or someone who knows the devs, even though they explicitly write it's not a bannable offence, there's been multiple bans this way.Phew, that was a long-winded paragraph, and that's not even the full extent of reasons you can receive a permaban.Chad cannot wait for the single player mode, will be totally worth the ban when it comes out in six+ months time, and takes <2 hours to complete.Recommend Y/N. Let me think...I give this game CHAD/10 because I'm Chad.Chad's recommendation is that you should buy this game if you loathe existence. Chad is always right! Chad for President! Free Chad!"
76561198083239021,Not Recommended,438740,33390797,Posted: 8 July,all,Neonightshade,Bans are getting out of hand.Unban Dilly Dingus or ban everyone involved.
76561198044337672,Not Recommended,438740,33364301,Posted: 7 July,all,Marik,"The game was released in a very poor state with consistent crashes and bugs that were fixed only weeks after the game was released. But I had held hope that there would be fixes in the future that would address the core health of the game.Instead, we have developers permanently banning players based on their own unofficial rules on their SUBREDDIT that change based on how the developers FEEL at the moment.I repeat, THIS GAME DOES NOT HAVE ANY OFFICIAL TERMS OF SERVICE. You are not asked to agree with any Terms of Service upon purchasing or playing the game. If you play the game and step on a special snowflake - whether it be inadvertently or intentionally - you risk the chance of being PERMANENTLY BANNED from the game.Unless you're friends with the developers, in which case you'll walk away scott free while the community lashes out at you, forcing you to change your unofficial rules on your subreddit to allow helping Jason players in a ""spur of the moment"" kind of deal.You know you've ♥♥♥♥ed up when the subreddit's own moderators have to take away moderatorship from the games developers after they try to shadowban and lock threads that criticize their current activities regarding bans and blatant dictatorship over their game.I loved this game and waited nearly a year for its release. Now it's burning to the ground and the developers are too blinded by their ignorance to see it.EDIT: As of June 26th, 2017, the developers are working on some H1Z1 clone and not caring for Friday the 13th anymore. They've completely forsaken their Xbox One community and have left their game in a ruined state. They are abandoning the game and have done so to other games in the past. Do NOT buy this game."
,Not Recommended,438740,32616396,Posted: 21 June,all,entropy,"A lot of promise, and I'll revisit it in a few months to see what has changed... but right now, this is $40 for a super buggy game with a lot of pretty repetitive gameplay. Feels a bit like early access.For $20 I would call this incredible - for $40, the quality control and variety needs a lot of work."
76561198075301629,Not Recommended,438740,32302882,Posted: 9 June,all,Hamburglar,"This is a tough one. By this I mean that it is difficult to give it a thumbs down because it a lot of fun and the foundation of what is here really captures the essence of the movies and what the developers were going for according to their videos on kickstarter etc. However, this is not an early access game it is a full release and as such should be held to that standard. There are inexcusable glitches, bugs and issues with the gameplay that ruin the overall experience once one is more into the game and has developed some strategy. At first the game is very fun and and some of the bugs are just funny as are the animations - however, as one gets more into the game the trouble really starts to make itself be known. For instance, one bug is that when certain weapons are used to stun Jason, the sprint option is disabled for some reason unless one does another action to ""reset?"" the animations and thereby the animation for sprinting. By that time Jason is probably going to grab you, making the stun pointless. Another one is that characters that are crouching when they are hit by Jason may be locked into a crouch for the rest of the game and just zoom around the map crouching and unfairly dodge attacks and grabs since they are in this strange animation. Furthermore, from how far, when and how reliably Jason can grab a counselor seems to more or less arbitrary - sometimes grabbing across a couch and sometimes pulling counselors out of a window they are nearly in etc. The clipping is ridiculous. Jason can complete a kill through a tree and the doors, baricades on the doors and where one is in relation to the door can not be trusted based on visual cues. Sometimes the sound cues dissapear altogether and there are no footsteps, sounds of Jason chopping down the door etc. (not from using the Stalk power). The best players in this game currently seem to be those that know how to navigate the bugs more seemlessly than others, which is not saying much for the gameplay. Chat does not work when on the main menu in a party, which is just a minor annoyance more than anything.When all of this is coupled with the fact that the game is $40 USD for a single game mode, it is a thumbs down from me. I wanted this game to be good, and it is fun for a while - better than Dead by Daylight even in this form in my opinion - but it is too buggy to remain fun once one starts to have the same old things happen over and over again. Once everyone finds out about the glitch spots in the game that Jason cannot reach you and the ways to subvert the only ways out with Jason with almost complete reliability, there will no longer be the balance to the game that it appeared to have after it was released. Already, quitting when one is not Jason is very common as are exploits etc. It is not all that uncommon to join into a full match only to have 4 remaining once who is Jason is revealed. Also, generally speaking in most lobbies, once one plays Jason they typically quit the lobby to get another chance at being him - often splitting up lobbies that were otherwise having fun with one another. This forces people to be added as friends just to try and avoid the issues. However, once one is in a party of any size the ping seems to suffer going from an average of about 30-60ms for me to about 140ms. The jovial and fun community this game had at the beginning is already starting to become polluted due to these issues and others. Unless something massively effective is done to turn things around, it will likely become toxic altogether like some other asymetrical horror games.Until the bugs are fixed, new modes are added and balancing is figured out in a way that will have a more timeless quality - this game offers a simply unacceptable value proposition. For the first several hours you play the game this may not matter, but will become increasingly relevant as time goes on in my experience - which is why it is getting a thumbs down for now."
76561198047929722,Not Recommended,438740,33389696,Posted: 8 July,all,Sikora,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p3mI0Ic8n-M- enough said.I have about 88 hours in this game and i'm regretting every single second of it.Quoting other review of this game ""Devs will ban you if you upset their friends""."
,Not Recommended,438740,32450672,Posted: 15 June,all,Oreo,"Two months after the release and we still have bugs from the beta last year.#1: Jason's grabIt is pretty cool on paper and gives you access to a wide variety of kills, you can tell they worked hard on those and they're really gruesome, so what's wrong? Well, for one, only two are primarily used, the choke, because you barely need any space to 'trigger' it, and also the head punch one, which has the shortest animation, so I hope you're ready to see those often in your games, if not for the entirety of it.Not to mention that it's the most effective way to kill people, so I hope you're ready to have him teleporting on-top of you and finishing you on the spot, since there's no incentive to be using his normal swing or knives, unless you want to avoid pocket knives, which barely even stun you so I have no idea why it's such a big deal to some.Furthermore, it's been discussed many times already that the range on it is ridiculous, as multiple tests were made andhere are the results.Putting that aside, once you're grabbed, you're pretty much dead, forget being saved by a friend because the window in which you can do so is about ~0,5 seconds, give or take. So, you might ask, what's the problem? ""He's strong in the movies and once people are in his grasp, they die!"" Sure, I can get behind that, but it also negates half of what composure (A stat that helps you breaking free) does unless the person you're playing against wants to go for a spicy, environmental kill. It also renders Jason's grasp strength and weakness obsolete, since you don't even need to hold them for a second before you can execute.Bonus: Developpers are aware of this and won't be changing anything anytime soon, so if it's something that rubs you the wrong way, might want to avoid the game altogether.Proof here.TL;DR: The grab is broken and in-turn the most effective way to kill counselors, so you're going to see it often. Also, it renders some mechanics obsolete or sub-par.#2: Consoles / DeveloppersI know I'm reviewing the PC version but I think it's important that I speak in a more global manner, since it's all under the same person. I'll be tackling the Xbox 1 issues I've seen from lurking around on the forums;First off, they didn't even get the Day 1 patch like PS4 and PC did, instead they were stuck with some weird beta version for theentirefirst week, but that's not all! It also took them three weeks to start fixing quick play for them, including crashes to the dashboard which happens nearly every game, and I think it still does right now. Furthermore, it also took them an entire week of certification before having the second patch pushed through for them, kind of fishy if you ask me.They also had a mess-up with Savini's Jason, which was a backers exclusive, it got sold for a couple hours on the PS4 store, apparently that was Sony's fault so I'll give them the benefit of the doubt on that one. In the end, everyone who got lucky and purchased it that way got to keep it.Finally, the developpers promised dedicated servers on all platforms, a shame that only the PC version actually has access to that feature. Instead, they're working on a host migration system whilst avoiding every questions pertaining the subject, very shady.#3: CommunityIf I had made my review earlier, this wouldn't have been included, but right now it's becoming more and more of an issue. I, along many people have been getting people working with Jason, making sure you'd be dead before starting to work on an escape route, or just getting blasted off by a shotgun just in front of the police. In case you're wondering, the penalty right now is losing 1000 XP, which is pretty much your entire game. Now trolls have been enjoying stepping into your traps or running into your car as you escape so you can lose experience, of course it still doesn't deter people to kill you if they really wanted to, you get 1 XP at the bare minimum.To be honest, I don't know how I feel about those changes, accidental kills are still possible with traps or people running in the middle of the road when you're trying to get out with the car, or even the shotgun, ironically enough, since a single pellet is enough to instantly kill your friend you were so desperately trying to save from Jason's grasp. You get on average 700 ~ 1200 XP per game, so it would negate the entire game if it happened, pretty much. (You can not get negative XP, the absolute minimum is 1.)Like it wasn't enough though, there's a lot of rude people, I've been insulted a handful of times, which isn't that big of a deal if you take into account that I played maybe 60 hours total so far, but it might've been worse if I wasn't tagging along with friends most of the time. It's not something to be surprised about though, since it's a competitive game for most, even though it's marketed as a party one.#4: MatchmakingThere's no current way to be queueing as Jason exclusively, this causes many people to be leaving as the match begins, realizing they weren't lucky enough. In turn, the game turns into a 3~4 v 1 instead, making the game incredibly easy for the Jason and impossibly hard for the counselors, there's no rebalancing to counter that, just suffer through it and hope for the best.Leaving currently doesn't punish you in the least, since at the base it is a party game. I think the developpers had too much faith in the people playing and thought nobody would abuse these things, but they definitely are. What I mean is, there's no penalty if you decide to leave, and it awards no XP for the Jason playing, so of course if people feel cheated out of a death you can be sure that they'll be leaving instantly as well.To be more precise on that point, there's no real matchmaking, you're just set with just about anyone, so if you stumble onto a LV70 Jason, get ready to get absolutely obliterated, since most of your team is bound to be in the new range.#5: Savini's JasonSo for people unaware, it's a backers exclusive Jason, which is pretty cool for the people who helped fund the game, which they didn't really because you could just buy it seperately for 6$ and that would be the end of it. It's cool on paper and is a nice thank you rewardbut!Instead of just being a simple skin, it has entirely different stats, and ironically enough, the best ones.Apparently they have no plans on making a different skin with the same stats and instead, prefers going with the bad practice of giving an advantage to the people who funded their game, even though a lot of people are in denial about how good it actually is.EDIT: July 07 2017#6: New in-game guidelinesHere are the basics to anyone interested :hereAlright, so there's a lot of things that would be fixing my point on matchmaking, but the issue is, there's no second chances, all they've been handing are permanent bans, they don't have anything else set in place and the only way to report is to record the game you're in yourself.They've also been incredibly shady again, someone was using foul language because there was Jason helpers, which is against their new rules, but since they're the developpers friends, they get a free pass and him, a permanent ban.1also2As an end note, I think it's also pretty funny how you can't read or accept that TOS anywhere, it's not included in the game at all, it's only in a reddit post. Great job once again."
,Not Recommended,438740,32352259,Posted: 11 June,all,King Midas,"After enjoying the game quite a lot. The gamebreaking bugs, that just seem to get worse. Started to put a halt on my enjoyment of the game. And the stance of gunmedia on many of these issues weren't a popular one.It has been a few weeks now, and they still haven't fixed many of the issues still plagueing the game, and keep in mind you will be paying 40$ for this product. The games concept is great and in my humble opinion far surpasses dead by daylight. However it being dragged down by gamebreaking bugs. PEOPLE BEING ABLE TO EDIT/DELETE YOUR PERKS!Matchmaking design flaw, where you can't queue as Jason. Which leads to full lobbies of unwilling councillors. That will leave the match as soon as they find out they arent Jason. Which leaves a mediocre match for both the remaining councillors and the Jason. Not to mention the use of exploits by the councillors that prevents jason from killing them. So have fun waiting out the 20 minutes of the game. If you leave before that you wont get the main chunk of experience you see.And the devs attempts at snuffing out fair criticism for their mistakes.There were a few posts on the forum, which they started locking after making a announcement. Even the ones that are even slightly related to the subject. Were locked, I decided to make a post questioning this behaviour. I wouldnt have a issue with this, if they didn't delete that post rather then just lock it. They obviously were out to silence the topic of them locking threads. I then proceeded to ask about the thread they deleted, and they deleted and banned me from the forums. This kind of conduct towards their consumers is unacceptable.The issue they wanted locked in question was the unobtainable character the backers had recieved. People were complaining that it was locked content, and should just be a skin. Gun media answered these cries by saying no. Which is fine, its still a very bad practice. But then something happened, the skin was sold on playstation for a while, non backers were able to buy the skin. Which fueled the fires, and they still refused. This would have been a perfect chance for them to make a exclusive backer skin for backers, and make the unique skill set of a locked character available to the masses even for a price. But they decided not to.So they started locking the threads that were complaining about this decision. Someone complained about the locking of those threads, and then I seeing them locking that thread. Made a thread of my own towards the devs criticing the locking of threads in general. Which got deleted. They gave no response, and deleted it without a word. I however took screenshots of the entire thread after it got deleted as I could still see it.So now I am posting this review, which is mainly towards the manner the devs treat their customers, they only respond to customers that fit their narrative, the other ones just get ignored or responded to in a very detatched sticky if it causes enough of a issue for them. To warrant it. Save your money. untill the devs undergo radical changes."
,Not Recommended,438740,33801143,Posted: 25 July,all,Achtung!,"Devs ban people for breaking the stupid rules, but doesn't ban their friends who breaks the rules. I also might get banned for posting this review.Edit: Granted, this isn't a direct review of the game, but you can't play the game for fun if you're worried about getting banned the entire time you're playing. ""Then just follow the rules"" isn't a good response to me either. There are people who are friends with the devs who will ban you if you just irritate them.*Use this BANNED review as a reference as well.http://steamcommunity.com/id/yourwaifuisshitdesu/recommended/438740/"
,Not Recommended,438740,33959561,Posted: 1 August,all,Sweet Chicken Salmonella,"So, I'm gonna throw this out there. I bought five copies of this game, one for me, four for my friends. I was able to handle bugs, and I was able to handle all the release problems. I could've understood that, they're indie devs. At least, that's what I told myself.But as time went on, I learned more and more about these 'devs'. See this ♥♥♥♥♥how just goes down the drain more and more each day, and there's nothing you, me, or the devs could to to stop it at this point. Damage has been done.To say I was excited for this was an understatement. I watched the earliest alpha vids, and all the cool mocapping done by Kane Hodder. I told myself ""Yes, it's about time, some people who actually cared got to make a game that felt right for the genre."" Boy how wrong I was.I played the open beta, and I knew of all the problems it had, but I had fun, I didn't care. I 'knew' all those problems would be ironed out eventually right? It should have been my first hint something was wrong when the only thing they fixed was counselors blocking cars.Whatever, lots of games have bad launches, it'll iron itself out. Well, to make a long story short, it never ironed itself out. We got a little apology dlc for the whole fiasco, but things still weren't fixed by then, how hard is it to make the missing perks work? It can't be too hard, you were capable of ninja nerfing thick skin after all, so it's not like you don't know how to fix it.Even worse, when you see exploits and glitches, and bugs, you know♥♥♥♥♥♥that should've been ironed out after all this time, you come up with one on the most♥♥♥♥♥backwards ways of 'fixing' it I have ever seen. Most devs when they see a game breaking bug go ""Hmmm, this could negatively effect our game and it's playerbase, we should probably remove it as fast as possible."" What do you guys do? ""Let's ban everyone who uses the glitch in it's place permanantly, that'll show those cheaters to use performance enhancing scripts that came from our own system!""  It took you over three weeks to find out those areas were problematic, then took you another week to ban the people who used the glitches, then one more to actually patch the glitch. Where's the logic in that?Speaking of bans, there's the whole Dilly scenario. I get it, he said some dumbass♥♥♥♥♥♥and got banned. Good, if that's what you're going for, but the reason it all happened was due to some other people breaking the rules on him first. Actually, he was dead for most of the game, the people he were swearing at were busy trying to kill the rest of the server at the time. How do I know? I was there. Last one to die to them in fact, you know this too if you have that 'footage'. Dilly hadn't even said♥♥♥♥♥♥until the teamkillers were dead with him. He'd only retaliated. Yet they're still not banned, coz I guess you need Turtle Rock Studios to help with... playing the game, seeing as they're not affiliated with you, or part of your development team. And on banning, you don't even do that anymore, you're barely pumping over 2000 players right now, you're too scared to ban anyone else.You haven't updated the game in over a month, and why is that? Dead Alliance? I thought you only had 4 devs? Why do you need to reboot some garbage playstation store/xbox store game and place a 25 dollar price tag on it? What, you need more money for more unfinished games? Don't give me that 'we have over 30 devs working on friday 13th at this moment' bla bla bla neither. 'I don't believe that happy crappy' to quote a character from Stephen King's The Stand. Those 30 'devs' spend all of their time on sock puppets asking around on negative reviews on why people find the game negative. You know, the whole reason they're giving you the thumbs down in the first place?Whatever, I get it. All that crap about 'uhh we care about about the source material' only goes as far as the visuals. You might as well just made another friday 13th movie with all of that money. Actually don't. We've all seen the facial animations. In fact, just don't anything anymore. We know what you did with sonic boom, we know what you did Star Citizen, we know what you're doing with Dead Alliance, and we know what you've done to this. You can go suck the anal leakage out of satan's prolasped boi pussi for all I care at this point.And I just want to let you in on a secret. It wasn't Dilly's fault that your playerbase is dwindling, you did that yourself when you released an unfinished game for 40 dollars. All he did was put it on overdrive. You're the one who turned yourself into a vegetable with that car crash of a release. All Dilly did was pull the life support plug.Have fun with the knowledge that you've let down everyone who had hopes for this game.EDIT: Here's a link to the players in the lobby during the time. Some left and some joined during it, but all the people involved were in this certain timeframe (though not all of them in the timeframe were involved)http://puu.sh/x3Znl/08ccbc1091.jpg"
,Not Recommended,438740,31968915,Posted: 26 May,all,Mr. Big,"I wish there were neutral reviews because this game isn't bad by any means, in fact it's fun. So what's the issue? The price. For $40 you're not getting much of a game, There are three maps, few ways a match can end but mostly it's the same repetitive thing over and over which isn't a bad thing. However at this price point, the content simply isn't there. If you're a Friday the 13th fan and want to experience playing Jason, you wont be disappointed, but the longevity of the game is certainly questionable."
,Not Recommended,438740,32651451,Posted: 22 June,all,loops,as overpriced as a crackwh*re in philly - but it's a good game and I would recommend if it werent for the seizure-inducing cost
,Not Recommended,438740,33400352,Posted: 9 July,all,The Joker,"UPD: Now devs blocked anyone who doesn't own the game from posting on steam discussions. If this is not enough to prove how little they care for freedom of speech and people voicing their opinion, I don't know what is.Fun game, but developers like to ban people for insulting troll-kids in a game where there should be no kids to begin with.After which they try to lie about the ban reasons."
,Not Recommended,438740,33983787,Posted: 2 August,all,Carsmc,"One of the worst dev team in history.Recently, DillyDingus and several other accounts had their review banned just by speaking out againts the developer's  friends who go around servers banning people if you upset them. I wonder if they've noticed that the playerbase has dropped significantly...? At most, there will be 2,000 players logged in daily and the game has only been out for two months, when originally there was an average of 12,000 players during launch. Not only that, but this game feels so unfinished. Lousy character animations, countless bugs and of course glitches. And with that, it results in several cheaters:(Skip to 9:20)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D_PKp3vhqm4It's sad that the devs treat the game like this. Despite the fact that they've raised $1,246,570 from backers, it feels like consumers were completly ripped off and in return was given something that didn't reach expectations. Sadly, i was one of the chumps that supported the game when they were raising funds from kickstarter. I had to learn the hard way to not support independent game developers ever again."
76561198203732891,Not Recommended,438740,33544292,Posted: 14 July,all,kunka,you get banned too easily with no warning ♥♥♥♥ the devs.
,Not Recommended,438740,33396418,Posted: 9 July,all,Nox,Dirty devs
76561197999546694,Not Recommended,438740,33801153,Posted: 25 July,all,King Blank,so many bugs.....devs are known to ban randomly...don't recommend buying
76561197967400760,Recommended,438740,32091225,Posted: 31 May,all,Lyca,Game is not as bad as people describe it in their reviews.Yes there were server issues when then released it but its much better now and they fixed it.They are constantly working on issues.To be honest I have much fun with the game.And its even better in private matches with friends.
76561198104634138,Not Recommended,438740,33671135,Posted: 20 July,all,[4K]XxGaMiNGK3LLERxX,"REVISED: 23/07/17Pros:-It's really fun-Has some moments when it create so much tension & suspense-The music are awesome!-Quickly finds a game-No microtransactions-Some skills are great-Chad... and his face during map intro (He's handsome)-Refund button worked!!!!!!!!!!!!!Cons:-Unoptimised (FPS drops even though I'm playing on i7 4790K, GTX 1080, 32GB RAM@4K, Max Settings)-Personally worried about getting a random ban from devs -- Main reason for refund-I think Jason's grip is too OP (Only escape once from his grip)-Few bugs-Controls are a bit sluggish even when playing on controller-Graphics are a bit cheap, hence don't know why it can't play at 60FPS-Expensive even in it's current state-Animations are bad, when like climbing over windows, there is some kind of ""clip"" (Prevents you from walking where the clip is) hence the other player wouldn't able to go exactly near to the window-Face animations are poor-When hitting Jason 8/10 you will miss, sometimes the attack button won't work hence Jason would have enough time to butcher you-No volumetric lighting on street lights-Servers starts to have mood swings in middle of every game, ping would be above 200 in middle of the matches, creating many hit misses-Getting best skills are unlikely or very unlikely-Some betrayal people which starting to increase in population in matches-Not to mention it but I reported one person who has clearly helping Jason by teamkilling, Jason did not attack him, got video evidence and has been sent to the developers, within 3-4 day, no ban to that person - poor support-Slow and bad updates-Fatal errors everytime you leave a match-When being Jason, sometime you get an annoying glitch when you absolutely cannot use abilities or hit your axe on someone, only grabbing is availableOverall Summary:This game has potentional of being a great mulitplayer game on steam without a toxic community, but instead of the community being toxic, the devs are being toxic, I've seen reviews that has dev response, it seems like in their response, they get angry, and aggressive and start using terms like being a *piece of trash*. Who knows when I get this game refunded, I may get banned just for sharing my opinion on devs and the game. I know for fact that any devs has to respectful to their customers as they are buying your game!! Who knows, if someone moans about me to the devs, next minute - GAME BAN!!!To be safe when you do play, AVOID ANY COMMUNICATION WITH ANYONE to be safe from ban sideJust be careful with this game. And in halloween, make sure you don't say, when they say trick or treat, that you want a trick, that trick could have consequences - BAN!With that out of the way... I personally really loved the game, it's creepy and there's many horror aspects that this game has, such as the creepy music. I could play this with countless hours recorded. I would buy the game again when it's on sale, for now using my £30 was almost like a test to see how the game is. But maybe the minute after I buy the game, a game ban will be sitting on my profile. I can't express how much I would want to checkout this game again, but I just can't because of this.I personally don't have anything against the devs and the publisher themselves, but I'm saying whats already been happening. It's an online game, people are bound to swear, call Jason a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ because of Jason killing them etc. The community/players are always known to swear, they may ♥♥♥♥♥♥ out of no where or because Jason got them without him or her knowing and they reacted with getting shocked. Maybe you should be more specific on rules maybe? IDK, I know games are hard to make, you want a perfect non-cheating, non-gamebreaking, non-exploiting players in this game community, but the bans are getting out of hand, for example, if you're not what Hitler likes (Blonde hair, blue eyes, and forgot the last thing) you get a ban, if you have them, you can walk away into the game, play how you please. Maybe you should reconsider the enforcement team?Overall Score: 1.5/10 (Major score kicked off by random game bans)Improvements?:-Be nice to your customers-Give proof if someone is being racist etc., accusing someone doing that is wrong. OR Carefully decide if they should have a ban, at least have a temp ban for those who do use inappropriate language consistantly through a match etc.-Don't give people bans that has been reported by your friends - that's totally unfair as you technically made the games for your friends to play only (If you get what I mean)-Unban Dilly Dingus, the ban was completely unfair as players are expected to swear in online games and call people different inappropriate things"
76561198006357750,Not Recommended,438740,33393675,Posted: 8 July,all,Father Tom,"Extremely Buggy, Devs banning people without a signed ToS agreement(couldnt they just sue Gun for this?), Devs acting like 12 year olds when their called out on their BS. More Bugs, Shallow gameplay that relies on playing with friends to be fun, even more bugs, $40 for $10 game, and more bugs."
,Not Recommended,438740,33391084,Posted: 8 July,all,-=KiY=- Night Night Roulette,"You people are in the wrong for lying to everyone. Did you honestly think you would get away with it on the internet? The horrible sad truth to this is, I believed you guys were better than this. I thought you people were passionate fans that just wanted nothing more than to give us a good game. Your favoritism for your so called ""colleague's"" was ultimately your downfall. I hope realize now though, This makes people even more weary of future upcoming developer teams and that's the terrible part in all this. Unban these people, admit you were in the wrong, and fix the damn game already!"
76561198117006516,Not Recommended,438740,33390978,Posted: 8 July,all,SexierDaddy,"TLDR: a female streamer was being mean, I shot her with a gun twice, girl was fine with it but white knights reported me, banned in less than one day via moderators. Was never given a warning, can't even solo play. 40$ Wasted. Don't buy this game and keep eyes on the reddit untill the mods stop throwing a tantrum.They'll ban you for any harassment, a glitch, cursing, sexual, anything in-game, mocking while running from jason. They dont know what a joke is, the mods are litterally from tumblr.Also note: tried to get money back and talk to them, no response. Biggest scam. Stick to the youtube videos of when this game used to be good."
,Not Recommended,438740,33544285,Posted: 14 July,all,Bloounnts,♥♥♥♥ YOU DEVSthat is all...
76561198055599096,Not Recommended,438740,34071219,Posted: 6 August,all,FeLLouT,"This game is a mixed bag for me.Is it fun? Hell yes.Addictive? Definitely.Worth the 40$ price? HELL NO.This game is buggy as hell. You'll experience minor bugs like doors not closing/opening when you press the proper key, to major ones like flying under the map as Jason and dying, ending the match. The game crashes quite frequently and takes a lot of fun out of the experience.This game in its current state is worth, in my opinion, half the price it's asking for. If this game's bugs get ironed out and the game actually becomes stable, then it's without a doubt worth the 40$. But not until."
,Recommended,438740,32073524,Posted: 30 May,all,Shabi,"This game isn't nearly as bad as what the recent reviews paint it to be. Every game experiences server issues in the first few days / first week of a release so I'm not sure why people still like to use that as a fault. Yes, game developers should have the infrastructure to handle a large volume of traffic... yes developers should create games with no bugs.... but both of those are unrealistic expectations. I can easily say that the social media presence from the team has been amazing and they do well to keep you in the loop with where they are with the current high priority issues.In terms of game balance, Jason is strong... as he should be. Does he need balance? It's possible, but it's also hard to judge early on as many players are new and not completely aware of all the tools and tips they can use to avoid Jason's vengeance.Friday the 13th (the movies) would not be a thing if Jason was just a normal dude looking to kill campers... his strength and stamina are supernatural and this game does well to emulate that. The movies would also not be as well known as they are without the brutal killing and the overall terror Jason can inflict and this game pays great homage to that. If you are a counselor on this game, YOU WILL DIE more often than you will escape. Given your skill level and how many hours you put into the game, your chances of survival are increased but it's foolish to believe you will escape every game. Expect this outcome and you will likely enjoy your games more.Maybe Jason finds you first and goes solely after you for the first few minutes of the game... sure it sucks, but if you keep Jason at bay long enough, you've given the other team members value time to get objectives done... maybe next game they (or a new random party) will do the same for you.Use each game to learn more on what to do next time to increase your odds. When you die, you are encouraged (with xp rewards) to watch the rest of the match, observe what you see and apply it to your own play style if you see a counselor do something that gave Jason the slip.While survival feels great when you pull it off, the game has so much more going for it. With the voice coms, you can use social engineering to get out of bad situations (sometimes Jason can be reasoned with ^.^). More than that, it feels really good when you help others survive. You will need to play for a few hours before you have enough points to unlock good perks that help with survival which should make things easier later on but this shouldn't stop you from having fun, learning the game, or even helping others survive at the cost of your own life.Take the reviews with a grain of salt, this game is massively fun and it's got a great future."
,Not Recommended,438740,31966668,Posted: 25 May,all,Straight_Miz,"I can not recommend it for 40USD. For the content included it is way to much. The Devs always talk about how it it an Indie-Game and they cant keep up with Triple-A Games in many aspects but chose to charge almost as much as Triple-A Games on launch rather than the usual Indie-Game prices.What is in the Game as of now?3 Maps, a few different Counselors and Jasons. Additional Clothes for the Counselors are just different colors, which is just not enough. There is just an online Multiplayer mode - nothing more. The Devs said later this Summer theyll ad Single Player challenges aswell as Bots - but as this is not in the Game right now, it shouldnt count to the Price at all. Will the AL be Good? Is there a real Story or just dumb mission (Basically MP Mode with Bots)? Will it even come or is this just an Promise they can not keep? There are to many Games out there where the Devs said they will add X or Z and never did, so i learned not to trust them.This Game had a Beta 5 Months before the Release and the Devs said over and over again, that it is an actual Beta - not like other Games do promotional open Betas nowadays a few days before the release. They said it will help them to improve the Game and fixes Bugs and Balance Issues. They prove wrong. Im yet to see what they actually improved. It was just the same as all the other 3-Day Betas shortly before Release (Even when it was 5 months before), just with locked content and a ""Launch patch"" which fixes several Bugs but of course not nearly enough. There are still tons of Bugs and glitches in the Game, even some from the Beta aswell as Balance Issues they said they would fix (And they even agreed to complaints about some things in the Beta - yet didnt changed it in the full release). Party with Friends? Does not work as of right now.There is no excuse for that many Bugs and problems. Sure, many other Games have them to on release but that doesnt make it right since there are many good examples of Games which launch without many Bugs.Another problem are the Animations. This should be a Horror Game but it is more of a Comedy thanks to the Animations. They still look unrealistic, cartoony and break the immersion more times than not. It looks laughable most of the time. Chases (Especially when more counselors are around when they trying to fix a car or whatever) look like Kids playing hide and seek and nothing like a Horror Game/Movie.The Grind is not as worse as in (for example) Dead by Daylight since most of the things you unlock with Exp are Clothes (Just different colors) but even then - some will be unlocked at Level 100 or more and it will take hundred of hours to get there. The Main problem is that you dont get very much Exp for one match. You get 500 XP bonus for completing a match, which is by far the most you can get for a single action. How do you get that? You have to watch the full match, which can take up to 20 minutes and if you die within the first 5 youre stuck to watch others play just to get some XP. You can leave and take the XP you already earned - but its not nearly enough. It is a hell of a Grind. Even when they watched closely to what the Devs of DBD did and what the Community hated (They prevented Infinites in this Game and made a special announcement for that), they couldnt figure out that most of the People hate the Grind.Can the Game still be fun?Yes of course. I had fun and im sure ill have for several hours. Maybe they will fix all the problems in the future and release several Updates and free DLC to make up for the lack of content but the current state of the Game is clearly Early Access. If they wouldve released it in Early Access for 20-30USD i wouldve recommend it. But its to much for a buggy Game right now.Edit:The Devs show over and over again that they can*t handle a game like this. Let it be because they are just 4 people. But it is unbelievable how something like this can be sold for 40USD and not even in EA. Servers crashed on the first day of release. They have problems with this til now. Xbox One Version not even got the Day 1 Patch and both Console Versions dont have a matchmaking. They are P2P. It will be fixed later they said - but they didnt said BEFORE that the Console version is not finished and hasnt even received the Day 1 Patch. Why do i mention this on Steam? Because that clearly shows that they cant handle it.ETA for a steam patch was now delayed and after it rolled out, they were serious issues which led them to roll the patch back. Now there are new Bugs and problems all over again. Old glitches, Bugs and exploits are not fixed and more broke.What does that mean? As soon as new patches arrive theyll most likely break something new again, just like the Devs of DBD did. They are several other Games for 40USD and less which are way more polished and have way less bugs. Even some EA Games."
,Not Recommended,438740,33388152,Posted: 8 July,all,Kitten,"Short:I cannot currently reccomend this game. Not that the game is bad. No the game is actually pretty good but the fact that this game still has massive server problems with me very rarely getting into a lobby with english people and almost never getting into one were they speak which makes it incredibly hard to win. Aside from this,the Developers are very transparent and follow the rules. Oh wait,They dont. They also ban people for no paticular reason so thats great:(PROOF:The Insane Cyndaquil AND Dilly Dingus🍓 Reviews.)Conclusion:Just hold off until the devs decide that there either gonna step back a bit from trying to police everything OR the game actually has decent server."
76561198145367695,Not Recommended,438740,34545086,Posted: 27 August,all,CallMeBacon,"((UPDATED 9/11/17))Some people like to look at a game and say ""Great Concept, Bad Execution""In the case of Friday the 13th: The game, It's Great Concept, Good Execution, bad Devs.To get this out of the way: I will not be Recommending this game, despite all the good things this game has to offer. I may sound really happy with the game in this Review, but that's because I've had friends to help me see past the bad. I can't say people should get this glitchy unfinished game just because the Developers promise fixes or that I may or may not have had tons of great fun games.JASON IS BACK!That’s right! the iconic Slasher with the Highest body count has returned to once again keep those pesky kids outta his favorite summer camp by decorating the place in their Blood, organs and limbs! GROOVY!!Gameplay:I will be honest, I'm not a good Jason player. I mostly enjoy playing Counselor. But, from the games I've played, I can honestly say that playing Jason is satisfying. You'll start off in Jason's Shack while his dead mother yields words of Encouragement and Murder. After grabbing a few throwing knives and checking the map, You are off to teach them young punks a Lesson they'll never forget. Breaking down doors and shoving Chad's head into a fire has never felt better. However, Playing Jason has it's Issues. Bugs are common. Sometimes, You'll find yourself stunned and flying through the map to a cold and bitter death at the hands of invisible walls. Other times, you can find Yourself unable to kill a Counselor, so they have to escape your grasp, or you have to walk them to water so Jason may promptly drop them. I've personally dealt with both these bugs and they can seriously hinder gameplay. There are many more bugs that I'm failing to mention here. The review is simply not big enough for it all.((On a quick side note, be prepared to be cursed at and reported for the way you play. Thats right, the people you are trying to Murder have Opinions about the way you should kill them. I will admit I'm not a perfect angel and I have gotten very salty about being M1 (slashed) to death. Manytimes.))JASON COMBAT: Lets address this Quickly: Jason is tuned to be a lot stronger and a lot deadlier. It doesn't take many swings or Knives to kill a Counselor. Not even good perks can stop a Good Slasher. Combat is simple, M1 to swing. I'll address Combat stance later on. With Jason's Slashing attack, is Knives and Traps. Jason starts the match with traps and knives as extra combat Abilites. Traps are great for Guarding Objectives without having to actually be there. Once all traps have been set, Jason can not pick them up or get new ones. Placement must be done carefully. For knives, you find these all over the map. Stuck to walls and poles, they are useful for slowing Counselors or even killing them if you got good aim.Apart of Jason's gameplay is his abilities. He comes with Five. Morph, Sense, Shift, Stalk, and finally RAGE.  Morph allows the player to teleport to a certain spot on the map. The spot is not exact and Jason will spawn randomly within a very small radius when Morphing. Morph comes already unlocked at the start of every game. Sense allows Jason to see nearby counselors as large red blimps. If they are in a cabin, the entire cabin will light up red. This ability works off a unseen Fear bar. The more fear a person has, the easier they are to sense. Sense is the second ability you unlock. it is unlocked at the start, shortly after Morph. Shift allows Jason to de-spawn and move very quickly in the path ahead of him, turning is difficult and missing a target can set you back quite a bit. It's the third Unlockable ability and takes a bit after start to aquire. Next, Stalking allows the chase music to go away and Jason to be around Counselors while remaining undetected.  This is perfect for scaring and killing unsuspecting prey. It's the second to last ability to be unlocked and takes fairly long to be aquire. Last is RAGE. This ability reduces all Cooldowns  and allows Jason to walk through doors and walls. It requires no Cooldown and Unlocks very late in the match.CUSTOMIZATIONAt the moment, you can't customize Jason, Instead you get to select between a bunch of Jasons that all have their own Pros and Cons. My personal favorite is Part 7 Jason. I will make him a good Jason. JUST YOU WAIT.THE 80s VICTIM IS BACK BABY!!That’s right! The Iconic and easy to love/kill 80s characters are back to die horribly once again! But this time, there are trash talking ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s controlling them! (not everyone is bad tho)Gameplay:Oh? I hear you just spawned as a Counselor. Better scramble for those Drawers and pray to the Divines that you are not near a car or fuse box. Also pray for a Pocket knife. After the praying, you are off to find Objective items, or the Objectives itself (TRAPS EVERYWHERE!). However, if you are the, or one of the unlucky souls that spawned near a car or fuse box.. well may Jason will have Mercy. I wish that luck will shine down on you. Goodluck. Goodnight.Honestly I don't have many big complaints when it comes to the Gameplay of this game. It's pretty solid and fun (despite being Repetitive as hell.) My biggest problems with this game is it's unfinished Status and never ending swarm of bugs.CUSTOMIZATIONThe many Counselors are customizable from chest to feet. You can adjust their shirt, pants and shoes. An upcoming update will improve this aspect, but the customization is on point anyway. It's what you would expect in this type of game. Mostly anyway.COMBAT.In Friday the 13th: The Game, you can fight back. That’s right. Not only can Jason teach the Counselors a lesson, but they can teach him one back. The weapons are best divided into two sections. Damage and Stun. The Machete and Axe are best for damage while the Baseball bat and Wrench are best for stunning. Keep in mind that a baseball bat is longer then a wrench. Range is a thing.Also usuable is Flare guns and firecrackers.Counselors also get Traps and Knives. They do not start with the extra weapons and must find large Bear traps and Pocket knives that are placed in various Cabins/Desks. Bear Traps can be picked up and replaced. Bear traps will deal damage to whoever steps in them, and can kill Counselors while only stalling Jason. Pocket knives are your own Get out of Jail free card. They can disarm traps or stop Jason from Grab Killing you. (Small Note: The Fire Poker has a low chance to disarm traps.)PERKSAs you play, you'll earn points that allow you to roll for a random perk of random value. Most Perks give the Counselors a small advantage that will help them survive. For example, Heavy Hitter increases the Stun time when hitting Jason with a Baseball bat. Grease Monkey Increases the speed at which counselors can start the car. In the current build of the game, the Perks are the buggiest aspect. Some don't work, and others are useless. Sometimes a Perk will only work while equipped into the Number 1 slot. Goodluck.ESACPEThe main objective of the game is to escape the map without dying. To do so, Counselors must repair a boat, car, or Fuse box. Once repaired, these can lead to certain escapes. The boat leads to an exit out on the lake. The car (two seater or four seater) leads to a road exit. Finally the fuse box allows players to call the Police, which, after a amount of time, will spawn at a road exit. You need Gas and a Propeller for the boat. Gas, Battery and car keys for the cars, and finally fuse for the fuse box.Staying live for the 20 Min game is another way to Escape.Noticeable issues with the escapes:-Players can hold items for themselves, making escape Impossible-Players can Destroy cars.-Many spots around the maps will flip cars.-Invisible wallsThat is all I can fit in this Review. I hope it helps. Goodnight and Goodluck. Ki Ki Ki Ma Ma Ma."
,Not Recommended,438740,34695764,Posted: 2 September,all,AnotherGerman,"After playing this game for well over 100 hours, seeing the good and the bad, I can say with confidence don't buy this game. At least, not for 40 dollars. Developers rush updates to 'fix' small bugs in the game while creating new ones, instead of fixing the game breaking ones. These updates also bring severe lag or frame drops to players making the game unplayable. They remove features of the game to 'stop' trolling/griefing while at the same time making it easier to troll/grief; moreover, making the game feel like less due to removing of said features. There are no penalties for players leaving mid-game after being killed by Jason or not being Jason. The game crashes at random points with no reason other than saying there's been a fatal error. The game is in a beta state with no Early Access label on it with a full game price. You can still glitch out of the map months after the glitch was discovered. Finally, plans for single player have been out for months but the next DLC/update is going to be cosmetic base with swimsuits.Is the game fun? Yes. Is it fun with friends? YesThe game at its core is very fun, especially with a server full of friends. However, with all the problems above, it's not. There's too much wrong with this game to be worth 40 dollars besides just being fun. Maybe in the future the developers might redeem the game by fixing some of these problems. But, in its state at the moment, just save your money and don't buy this game."
,Not Recommended,438740,33379855,Posted: 8 July,all,Akka,"These developers are not good people and this game is not very entertainingProsHomage to a classic slasher filmEmulates Evolve's general gameplay without drowning in an ocean of paid DLCConsNo rebinding keys in the year 2017No tutorial mode, practice mode, or 1 player mode with botsWithout any other way to learn, this cripples new playersHorrible game imbalance and annoying prolonged stunsAiming projectiles locks your feet in place (In a game where you're chasing/running)Bugs and exploits because patching/fixing games is hardGo ahead and look at the reviews page for this game. Nearly every single one is a big fat red thumb down.Simply put, this is because the developers have unfairly banned users, effectively stealing the game from them and permanently scaring their user profiles. Walk on eggshells while you play this, I'd hate for you to hurt the feelings of anyone who knows the developers. I'm handing out bonus points for these same irresponsible foolish devs for trying to snuff out the critical reviews calling them out on their unscrupulous behavior, which makes them even worse to be honest.When you buy a game on steam you don't own it."
,Not Recommended,438740,34364002,Posted: 19 August,all,LtlMacMcG,"Played a few matches and immediatley requested a refund.  The game is ok but nowhere NEAR worth its $40 price tag.   At $10-$15 I would have kept it and played from time to time.   Interesting concept, decent execution, but not it's value/quality does not come close to reflecting it's price tag...."
76561198053918582,Not Recommended,438740,33361929,Posted: 7 July,all,Ryo_83,My wife and I bought this game the night it released and decided to return it with the intent of repurchasing after they fixed a lot of the bugs and issues. After seeing this review and the Juvenile behavior of the developement team on forums towards the community I am glad we refunded our money and will not be repurchasing the game.
76561198131612311,Recommended,438740,32044387,Posted: 29 May,all,Hungry Tapeworm,"This game is unique and it has the  potential to be the best slasher horror game made to date.- IF JASON IS NERFED IT WILL RUIN THE GAME! Jason is supposed to be OP, people who complain just need to learn to play the game. Surviving is a mix of skill, luck and teamwork. In my opinion the game has been very well balanced so that Jason is a scary and dangerous threat, however, he can be outwitted and outnumbered. It should not be easy to escape from Jason or it will completely defeat the point of  it being a horror game.-The game will get repetitive after a while as there are only three maps. The developers will add more DLC but it will likely be expensive and we will be waiting a while.-Apart from those issues the game is probably everything you wanted it to be."
76561198002601063,Not Recommended,438740,33985280,Posted: 2 August,all,Leg-End,1-Game got boring by the time you die the first 2 mins and have to sit and watch the entire game until it ends.2-Read the rest of the other players reviews. I think they explain it very well.3-https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p3mI0Ic8n-M
,Not Recommended,438740,33404807,Posted: 9 July,all,Johnny Dollar,"Devs act like children, they issue multiplayer permabans sight unseen with absolutely no supporting evidence whenever a user pisses off their friends.Unbelievable. I knew the Devs were immature when the whole savini♥♥♥♥♥♥went down, but this takes the cake. Derek Smart would even be impressed with how full of themselves these devs are right now.I might change my review back if the devs get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together and stop treating their community like utter crap."
,Recommended,438740,31965467,Posted: 25 May,all,Les Battersby,"PSA: Lots of reviews are giving negatives because:A) It's too expensive for the content. Answer: If you have $40 spare for a game, it is worth it. Alot of these seem to come from < 2hr playtimes who bought it to refund and say this because they are salty they cant afford.B) ""Can't escape Jason teleport onto you lol"". Answer: When your screen does the big stutter VHS effects - dont run in a straight line holding your♥♥♥♥♥♥ move side to side a little.... it kind... makes it...harder... (git gud).Just felt like adding this - I never watched F13, I didn't kickstart, I'm not some fanboy. I just don't want to see a genuinely fun game tarnished by people whose Mummy wont lend them her credit card or who won't spend a few hours learning how the game works. ty.(As promised, I'll give a few details and my actual thoughts about the game)+ When the teamwork happens (using VOIP and various strategies, it's wonderful)+ Genuinely tense moments when Jason is chasing you+ Jason is ""OP"" and amazingly fun to play+ There is a progression system, you ""gamble"" your points for perks! Pretty fun+/- Graphics are okay, but not amazing - but good enough to be immersed and have fun- Controls are annoying, cant remap them and pretty easy to close the door from the wrong side (its the same button) and find yourself trapping yourself with Jason if not careful- If the team doesn't coordinate, it isnt so fun and you loseTo the people who say that ""Jason is OP, survivors have no chance - I say it simply isnt true. You ""NEED"" VOIP, after that, hope there is at least a couple of survivors with VOIP who will communicate and use teamwork. I find this happens in about 80% of the games I played. Jason isnt so OP when you taunt him into entering the shack you're in - straight into a bear trap and some sporty dude with high strength ♥♥♥♥♥ him over the back of the head with a baseball bat - knocking him out.I had some amazing moments - planning in a hut with two german guys with athletic characters who went to give Jason the run around whilst my chick (with high intelligence) quickly repaired the car with the parts we stashed so we could all make the escape. (Amazingly funny moments as you don't have time to let the fat guy inside the car and all drive off together as he screams in despair!)This really is a team game, and learning the survivors strengths and weaknesses. Alot of the negativity comes from people with low game time not understanding they need to communicate and use the synergy of the characters. When this is learnt and pulled off correctly - Jason doesnt have such an easy time.All in all - survivor is fun, but team-work is needed (and not always possible depending on your team mates). Jason is fun full stop, staring at your prey through the window and watching them panic is just so, so good! They need to fix the controls and a few other small bugs, which I'm pretty sure they will.Is it worth $40? Not compared to some other games, which will give you alot more content for half the price - but this is also the best (by far) in the genre (as far as I know). If you like the genre and can afford the $40, then it is worth it.Believe me - 6 councillors with their own strengths and weaknesses working together as one can lead to Jason battered on the floor, mask knocked off and you and your buddies cruising away in a car cheering together.Yes, it is hard to escape...but it's Jason! It's meant to be hard - and when you do pull off the escape with a well made plan, it is far more satisfying than having jumped over pallettes for 5 minutes before BMing at the one escape route.8/10. Any negative review based on ""Jason OP, impossible LOL"" either probably dont use the VOIP themselves or have low play time and were unlucky to get placed in matches with others who didnt. This really is a special game once you start to co-operate. :)"
76561198123355272,Recommended,438740,32055792,Posted: 29 May,all,Oscar Pistorious,Forced a counselor to murder another counselor then smahed her head with a door.10/10 would psycopath again.
,Not Recommended,438740,33400364,Posted: 9 July,all,shoeclear,Take $40 out of your wallet and set it on fire and you'll have the same experience as playing this game.
76561197997260453,Not Recommended,438740,32225486,Posted: 6 June,all,Many-Named,"Fun idea but you have seen all of it within 60 min. Waaay too overpriced for what it is, it should be 20$ at most."
,Not Recommended,438740,33389860,Posted: 8 July,all,Hourseman [Mp],games♥♥♥♥♥♥doesint even work
,Not Recommended,438740,33674208,Posted: 20 July,all,NinderTheCereal,"fun game, and sometimes fun people in the game, but horrible developers (ethically) who ban players permanently for trifling actions"
76561197984162674,Not Recommended,438740,33405873,Posted: 9 July,all,bobbypsx,Refunded the game as i can't stand by devs who treat their customers with such disregard.
,Not Recommended,438740,33409318,Posted: 9 July,all,Caboose,"I used to love this game, until I learned of its massive amount of bugs, lack of single player as promised, and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ devs who ban people with no evidence simply because someone they know said to."
,Not Recommended,438740,32003043,Posted: 27 May,all,N7Legion,"The game is alright, but it really lacks content. 36€ is a little too much."
,Not Recommended,438740,32634751,Posted: 21 June,all,Ethan,"Edit: September 24th, 2017.Well, its been four months since the game's initial release. You'd think there would be a content update thrown in for the players that stuck with the game through its most painful times, right? You'd think they'd actually try and create new content since fixing bugs isn't exactly their forte. So what new things have entered the game since its release. Well, lets see.For starters, the combat stance ""exploit"" is still there. It is being called an exploit because there exists an animation that breaks down the door. I'm not calling anyone who abuses this exploit and exploiter, because there isn't a reason to not use it, but this is an easy fix and they absolutely refuse to change anything about it. Here's a simple fix Gun, feel free to use it. REMOVE THE ANIMATION. Its completely pointless now. There is literally no reason to use the door breaking animation at all. If you want to know how I know they will never change this, just listen to this. A few weeks ago, they introduced a patch where the only way to break windows was a short animation. A week later? They completely reversed their decision and reintroduced the ability to combat stance windows down. What did they learn? Absolutely nothing. Next.The past month has been considerably interesting from a certain cynical point of view, especially since it shows how completely incompetent Gun is when it comes to fixing issues in the game. Before the latest patch, counselors could almost infinitely stun Jason since they introduced a bug where stuns could stack. This bug was generated from fixes and nerfs to stun-time increasing perks and stats. What was the fix? Completely destroy stun times. Its been completely nerfed into the ground, intentionally or not. Pocket knives do not stun at all besides the initial stab, knockdowns are still extremely fast stuns, and regular stuns with the flare gun and non-heavy weapons are just about gone. This honestly just shows that they know nothing about balance nor did they learn anything from their betas and past patches. At this point, its honestly disappointing.Lets talk about the content drought for a second. I'd be the first person to say that they shouldn't be focusing on content when their game is a buggy mess. But thats just it. They aren't. They aren't fixing any major bugs. And they aren't putting out content. So what exactly are they doing besides being way in over their heads? And you can't call their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ little small maps a content update. Because it isn't. Its the same maps that are just smaller, making it much easier for Jason to kill you since they didn't do the smart balance change and actually reduce the time limit when on those maps. Nothing in terms of content has been introduced for four months. That's absolutely nonsensical.I cannot recommend this game to anyone. Even at launch, even with more content, the game is not worth the $40 at any point and in my honest opinion never will be. This game has strung me along for too damn long. I'd be lying if I didn't get play this game a lot. I'd be lying if I didn't technically get my money's worth. Which I did. But it isn't worth it. This is a major DO NOT BUY."
76561198002567771,Not Recommended,438740,33687652,Posted: 20 July,all,Xenus Icelon,"I was going to write a detailed review and put effort into it, but since the devs don't seem to care I won't care either. In Friday 13th, you can have a great time or a terrible time, depending on who you play with and the amount of bugs you run into. Generally from what I've found it's people who don't speak English, with those who do speak English either teamkilling you for fun or being excellent people.The gameplay itself is pretty nice. You don't need to run scared all the time and you can actually fight back against Jason, though it's more of a way to buy time so you can get away than anything else. If you run, there are a large amount of invisible walls around the map, making it a risk to go anywhere that Jason won't look for you. Luckily, you do have the advantage around windows and cabins, and you are faster when you sprint.The best part about this game, in my opinion, is that you can talk to eachother and Jason while playing. Trash talk, pleading, and misdirection brings a lot to the game. Telling Jason that the others are escaping in a car will make him usually pull out his map to see if the car moved, buying you precious time. And not just once did I hear someone plead for their life and told them I'll save them for last. Out of everything, being able to meaningfully interact with people the rare few times they know English is what makes it fun.But then the bad is plentiful as well. Only three maps, many councilors being just terrible in general, a kickstarter-only Jason that is just flat out better than any other Jason you can ever hope to get and bugs+exploits still in the game long after launch leads to a feeling that this is not very well managed or planned out, and ultimately combining these factors with the devs being ban-happy at the wrong people and ignoring the people who do need to be at least warned leads to me concluding that this deserves a negative as it stands right now. At the very least until the devs bring about a serious effort to address everything they've been ignoring now.Edit: Forgot to mention not being able to change your keybindings and people leaving if they don't get Jason. Plenty of bad, most completely unneccesaryFriday 13th is a nice idea, that was almost there. It's massively overpriced for what it does and would have been great if it was done by someone who actually gave a♥♥♥♥♥♥ Wait for a substantial sale if you do want to get it, because what they're asking for now is too much."
76561198008822437,Not Recommended,438740,31973252,Posted: 26 May,all,Ulysses,This game needs a big fat Early Access sign.
76561198041986329,Not Recommended,438740,34842044,Posted: 9 September,all,axmith,"Played a couple games and immediately refunded the game, not worth the full price for all the toxicity and jerks who play the game, and all the people who just walk around and taunt you the whole game. Maybe if its on sale I'll consider buying it again, but right now, the really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ playerbase is not worth anyones money."
76561197970795632,Not Recommended,438740,33434556,Posted: 10 July,all,Jubi,"I enjoyed this game, I may even play it from time to time but I simply cannot reccomend it for many reasons. The price is too high, the content is lacking and the bugs/crashes are constant. Updates are too slow and there the devs are extremely unprofessional. There is a circus of drama within the community at the moment involving dev bias and unfortunately this has led to lose faith in the future of the game. Perhaps I'll revisit in a year but right now this is a mess you want to avoid."
,Not Recommended,438740,31987922,Posted: 26 May,all,Lebofly,"Alright, I've been playing a fair bit (Level 11) and so far I can say this is not worth $40, it's a fun game in any case though especially with friends but the amount of waiting time to find a 400 MS game is ridiculous, by the looks of it there are no Australian servers so it just matches you with global players. Now this would be fine if it didn't take 10 minutes to find a game.For a $40 game you'd expect quality but it looks like they rushed out to finish this game without putting any hard work in. The facial expressions are absolute rubbish along with interaction with items (DOORS). Notice how in the intro's rather than create a variety of player models to get killed it's always that one guy for any level.Like I said this game is fun but it doesn't have a lot of replayability and it does not have the servers.This review would be different if the game was say $20 but I've had meals at McDonalds more satisfying than this game for $40Edit: People are pointing out that the server issue has been resolved but even then my other points still stand. Thanks and God bless"
76561198041591533,Not Recommended,438740,33728688,Posted: 22 July,all,Manicosprey,"The way the devs are acting is ♥♥♥♥ing horrific! Jesus Christ what is wrong with you people! Banning people who offend your special snowflake friends who are sometimes exploiting your game. If the devs read this when they're done jerking themselves off and cumming all over their friends, ♥♥♥♥ you. I hope your game fails. I hate YOU and everything you ♥♥♥♥ing stand for you pieces of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,438740,33317586,Posted: 6 July,all,Ranger Savage,"#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorI just went and read throughhttp://steamcommunity.com/id/yourwaifuisshitdesu/recommended/438740/Absolutely fake ♥♥♥♥ing news. The devs are defending children who broke community guidelines on ingame behavior, ruined the match, harrassed other players verbally before the start of the game, and otherwise acted exactly how an unsupervised 12 year old behaves.And then the developer who touches down in the review goes on and says that it's HIS fault that the players were underaged, and he was harrassing children. On a bloody game about mass murder, mutilation, blood and GORE. One of the ♥♥♥♥ing kills is a 15 second clip of someone getting their head shoved in a ♥♥♥♥ing spear that came from someone's evil mansion wall ffs.I'm leaving a negative review on the game, this is the fourth time I've heard of devs arbitrarily banning people because a popular streamer or one of their personal friends told them to.Absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing embarrassing.Parent post here:http://steamcommunity.com/app/438740/discussions/0/1457328392099522379/"
,Recommended,438740,31969785,Posted: 26 May,all,InZertz,My Mom is actually proud of me in this game.
,Recommended,438740,32218969,Posted: 6 June,all,JaCkYJ0J0,Very addictive! It's not even a horror game when u got people with mics.U can have some great moments with random people in every single game!totally worth the money
,Recommended,438740,32075072,Posted: 30 May,all,AgentTBone,"Besides some minor bugs, This game is a ton of fun."
,Not Recommended,438740,34265703,Posted: 15 August,all,"""Eat the middle first"" Mint","I chose to be a counseler, yet the game made me Jason, without my control. So, by force I play Jason. When I get hit by some guys, my Jason, travels half the map, ultimately making me unable to reach them; allowing them to escape. My second game, I made sure my perference was Counseler, yet I got Jason again. 3/10 Can fix lots of bugs and glitches. This would pass as an open Beta, but for a game over $40 is a bit too much."
,Not Recommended,438740,33360816,Posted: 7 July,all,White_Meadows,Major bugs present on release still here a month later
76561198019638581,Not Recommended,438740,31991187,Posted: 27 May,all,minorinconveniencekyle,"This game needs two things to be immediately better:1. Reliable servers2. An Early Access warning.This game is unpolished, unreliable, unfair, and frankly, unfinished. The point of an early access release is clearly lost on the devs as this game could've clearly benefitted from it. The bugs, along with constantly being dropped from matches halfway through, along with a surprisingly repetitive map layout, ALONG with a clear favor to Jason, makes this game a waste of money. There are better versions of the same game, only difference is a lack of Jason.Give this game a month or two when the single player is released, then check back in. Chances are it'll feel more complete by then."
,Recommended,438740,31978888,Posted: 26 May,all,A wild OchiDO,"I like the game, I will not say nothing about the mount of bugs it has because devs are working on it...But well... I love that you can stun the killer with melee weapons,flare gun,shotgun... I find it entretaining, and the way to scape too, is like DBD but with some more action, not just be in front of a generator for 80s... I like the action of this game.But the killer is so unbalanced, that teleporting grab makes the game boring, you just can sprin around and pray to god that the Jason miss the grab, maybe if he had a slower use of it would be little bit balanced, but at the moment, he can just do it every 15-20s...And also that teleporting... Jason can just spawn infront of the car and make it stop, wtf... So a baseball can make the killer get down like he ♥♥♥♥ing got KO, but HEY if you crash him with a car he doesn't give a ♥♥♥♥, dude compare the newtons of a crashing car and a baseball bat hit...I am looking for realism in a videogame wtf... anyways...Just balance Jason please."
,Not Recommended,438740,32076795,Posted: 30 May,all,Enigma,"Gameplay is fun and tense. The chances of you escaping are relatively low since Jason is meant to be overpowered. Although a couple of his mechanics are ridiculous and lack any counterplay. The price is also too high for the amount of content (only 3 maps, few counselors, slightly differrent Jasons, 1 gamemode, and recolored clothing woot woot.). It also lacks variety when it comes to the soundtrack although it is spooky. Theres also server issues, but thats expected(Edit: Server issues are now fixed). Animations are clunky, hilarious, and ruin the immersion. On top of that theres a few bugs such as having prompts stuck on your screen, not being able to interact with anything for a while, and getting stuck on some terrain(i dont mean the tripping).Devs say its an indie so its ok, yet they charge nearly triple a price, come on. Lastly, they release day 0 dlc and make it available for purchase without showing what it looks like, wth. People actually bought that (lmao) and the clothing dlc was a bunch of garbage recolors.  I only recommend you get this game if youre a big f13 fan and you're into this niche genre of asymmetrical horror. Personally im enjoying it, however most wont if they dont have a huge interest in the franchise. So unless you can see yourself getting 40 hours of playtime, wait for the issues to be addressed."
76561198320990115,Not Recommended,438740,33387788,Posted: 8 July,all,ZombieKiller,You can't play this game it will just say the game as a error.I tryed to play but it would not let me.So this game sucks but i segjet you get it on the Xbox one or the PS4.
,Not Recommended,438740,34647784,Posted: 31 August,all,Velocity,"I really want to make a positive review. However, I cannot with the amount of gamebreaking bugs in this game. The new patch helped out a few bugs that were needed, but it came 2-3 MONTHS LATER. That's not the only problem, this patch also introduced a series of new problems such as doors not breaking, the new window break mechanic (not a problem, I just think it is pointless), hit detection problems, and so on. Teamkilling is necessary for a survival game, now that they have patched so you cannot tk anymore, people have more oppurtunities to troll other teammates by keeping parts to the car or the boat to themselves without putting them in or block others in a room where there is no windows or any other means to get out. On another note, this game has the worst and most toxic community I have ever seen, EVER!  I also really wish the devs did not help with that new Dead Alliance game. Not going to lie it looks like a free to play mobile game than a PS4/Xbox/PC game. If they had focused on this game more, I'll bet most the player base it had when launched would still be around.I'm not going to lie I really love this game and I still play it. However, I'm typing this to warn other players who are concerned. I DO NOT THINK THIS GAME IS WORTH $40. At the most I'll say $25 should be the price.If you have friends to play with you, then go for it. I think this game is at its best when you have a full lobby of friends to play with since you get the fun and excitement out of it instead of getting toxic randoms who cuss you out, leave during the kill so no xp is given, or try to work with Jason and ruin the fun.So in this case, I'm kind of split, but negative takes the edge on this one. Once more updates are released to fix more bugs and other community issues then I will edit and switch my review to positive. For now it is negative. Like I said, if you know that you have at least 3-8 other friends to play with then I would buy it. If not however, I would avoid this game.SEPTEMBER 2ND- EDIT: Just watched the Trailer for the Summer 1984 Customizibles and it looks very good. I'm really glad the updates are now coming consistently. Keep it up you guys, looking forward to future content"
76561198400649305,Not Recommended,438740,33385860,Posted: 8 July,all,mcricky10,Locked at 9 level!!!!
76561198370489827,Not Recommended,438740,33460455,Posted: 11 July,all,Linkbros21,its fun but to many bans my freind played with a dev everyone was makeing some jokes about his mistakes and they got banned except me idk why but this is messed up they need to frow some balls
,Recommended,438740,32033449,Posted: 28 May,all,Azralynn,"See written review belowor watch it here:https://youtu.be/Y5WUwjwsk4YTL;DR: SKIP TO CONCLUSION!In each match there is one person randomly selected to play as the killer Jason Voorhees. Jason’s goal is to kill the camp counselors. The counselors have to work together to escape or survive. You can play in quick play mode with random people, or do custom matches with your friends.When I first started playing Friday the 13th in beta, I didn’t understand the mechanics, and I admit I found the game to be annoying, and not very enjoyable at first. Since release, I have figured out how to be a much more effective counselor, and I have escaped or been the sole survivor numerous times. The more I play Friday the 13th, the better I get, and the more I enjoy it with every match. With that being said, the game has a lot of bugs, and sometimes server connection issues where you can’t connect to play.The game has a progression system, where you level up to unlock different versions of Jason, and different counselors. The different Jasons and counselors have different abilities and stats. As you play and complete tasks in game or full matches, you also earn currency to buy different executions for Jason, or craft various perks to customize your counselors loadouts. The perks are randomly generated, and offer small bonuses for counselors.Playing as Jason:When playing as Jason, your goal is to kill the other seven camp counselors before they can escape or the 20 minute game timer runs out. Jason is extremely powerful, and a decent Jason feels very, very OP. This is how the game is designed, and even though Jason is OP, it doesn’t mean he will kill everyone. Jason has different abilities that give him huge advantages. He can morph around the map instantly, he can sense enemies fear to stalk them and find them easier, and his most notable ability is called shift, which is his fast moving teleport-like ability. Using a well positioned shift and then combining it with grab can be a one-shot kill more often than not. Jason can grab survivors any time he’s close enough and execute awesome and gruesome fatalities, or he can just hack players to bits with melee swings.When playing as Jason, you’ll need to be attentive to audio and visual cues to hunt down your prey. Breaking windows, and lights can strike fear into your victims that makes them easier to find with your sense ability. The longer the game lasts the stronger Jason becomes as his rage meter builds up.Playing as Counselors:When playing as a counselor, knowing that the odds are stacked against you makes you feel incredibly vulnerable. Even though you can fight back to distract and stun Jason, it’s best that you try to avoid him completely, and work together to escape. Counselors can juke the grab, or break free if they’re quick enough. There are three different ways to escape: you can call the police and wait for them to show up at one of the exits, or leave using the motor boat or a car. All methods, require you to find specific items in order to make the escape. In addition to finding the required items, you’ll spend a lot of time searching houses for weapons, or other utilities to help you stay alive and escape Jason’s clutches. In Friday the 13th, running at the wrong times, and wasting your stamina will get you killed. You need to know when to move quickly, and when to just stop and hide, all while keeping your fear levels down by using your flashlight and other lights, and avoiding Jason.It’s absolutely terrifying when Jason is nearby, and then the fact that he might morph to where you are at any given time keeps you in a permanent state of suspense and unease. By working together, you can actually save your allies by stunning or distracting Jason. Making use of windows, traps, and barricades to slow Jason down while you find a place to hide plays a key role to successfully evading Jason if he does find you. There is a way for the counselors to kill Jason, but it is very difficult to set up all the necessary factors, and typically isn’t worth the effort.When counselors die, they remain in the game as spectators, and have the option to wait out the rest of the game for significant bonus xp or they can just leave with the xp they’ve already earned. Those who stick around, have a chance to come back as Tommy Jarvis to help others.Pros:playing as Jason gives you that thrill of the hunt combined with the super-satisfying, gory executions, which are a lot of funplaying as counselors is extremely intense and nerve-wracking, but very enjoyable once you get the hang of itgood replay value since the items are randomly spawned, and even though you’re doing similar tasks each time, every game feels a little bit different (I've got 12+ hours and want more!)environments look decent, and Jason’s kill animations are awesomemusic and sound effects are immersive, and create a very tense atmosphere that will keep you feeling on edge and uneasyin game player voice chat to communicate to anyone in close enough proximity or over walkie-talkies - it’s pretty funny to hear the camp counselors and Jason taunting and heckling each otherfull controller supportCons:the game needs more polish and bug fixes - bugs can range from stupidly funny to extremely frustrating, with the most common and most annoying one being with the interaction prompts not showing up properlythere are sometimes server connection issues where you can't join (this was worse on launch day, but seems to have improved greatly)team killing is possible, and sometimes people will kill you to steal your spot for an escape, or just grief (this isn’t that common though, and will only be a con for some)(nitpick) the character animations are not very good (i.e.  counselor’s faces are pretty goofy looking, and bodies flip-flop all over like rag-dolls)(nitpick) the three maps are very similar, so they don’t really feel unique(nitpick) controls are not customizable which can be annoyingConclusion:Overall, Friday the 13th is quite enjoyable once you figure out how to play well. Yes, there are plenty of bugs still, and sometimes server connection issues, so the game is by no means perfect. All-in-all though, it’s a fun game if you enjoy the survival horror genre. I do wish it had been slightly cheaper since it still needs polish, but I have no regrets with the purchase.If you like my reviews, please feel free to join my Steam group, and follow my curationshere.You can also view this review on my websitehere."
76561198046554727,Not Recommended,438740,33346625,Posted: 7 July,all,AirlessAlarm,Posts TOS on reddit and expects people to follow it 10/10
,Not Recommended,438740,33538623,Posted: 14 July,all,Lumsterling,"On top of the controversy about the devs' permabans (no temp-ban system?! Seriously?!) and the fact that they're a little too trigger-happy with them when personal relations come into play, this game is simply too buggy and unpolished to be worth $40. If it ever goes on sale for $20, it's totally worth it, but I doubt they will do so for a long time unless the game loses a huge chunk of its playerbase.Final verdict? Give it a few months and see where it is."
,Not Recommended,438740,34997070,Posted: 16 September,all,KyleGassProject,"The game is fun but it wears out so fast. There is little content in the entire game as is to warrant a 20$ price tag, let alone the 40$ they ask. To this date (almost 5 months after release) there are still NO KEYBINDINGS! This alone is worth the negative review. If you bought the game on PC because you prefer keyboard and mouse to a controller you're screwed. Especially if you are left handed. When you go to their official forums and ask about ANYTHING you will most likely be banned (I was for asking about keybindings) The devs do try, but they treat thier community like absolute idiots. Every promise they have ever made they could not keep, and they just keep making more. Until much more content is added or even keybinding i cannot recommened the game. If you do play, the game is so much better with groups of friends because solo queue is just a toxic/racist verbal fest over mics. Hope the game gets drastically improved but until then (or at least keybindings) I cannot reccomened."
,Not Recommended,438740,34157824,Posted: 10 August,all,charlesberg,"Certainly not worth £29.99.Can i get a hell ya to the ♥♥♥♥ing update that broke everyone's ♥♥♥♥ing fpsBuggy, lack of updates, barely any ♥♥♥♥ing content and griefers (fixed but not gone).I play with friends mostly but almost every public match has;1. Ragequitters who weren't selected to be Jason- can be anywhere from 1 to 3 people2. Jason teaming up with friends, friends telling him where everyone is, leading them to us, etc.3. Most of the time ping is massively unstable and only occurs for me with this game, so IDK."
,Not Recommended,438740,33573538,Posted: 15 July,all,CAIVS IVLIVS CAESAR,Devs infested the Subreddit. Giving bans out like candy to people who do not deserve it. Still a buggy mess. No singleplayer. Still 40$. Do not buy this game until something drastically changes here.
,Not Recommended,438740,33409245,Posted: 9 July,all,BigPupper,"$40 for a game that barely runs, crashes constantly, and has a terrible online community. People will teamkill or just watch you die. The devs don't care about it either."
76561198267706799,Not Recommended,438740,34806104,Posted: 7 September,all,A Bush from Sonic: Utopia,"Okay, this game was way fun for a long time.That was only because it was new, fun and we were too naive to realize that that's all the excitement that would stem from this game. The devs are a pack of unqualified monkeys, and their only excuse in the form of a dramatizion. Okay, so you didn't realize how hard making a game is? I feel as if these devs overhyped the game, then forgot how to use Unreal Engine the day this game released. I had a hell of a fun time, but these mistakes cannot be missed. I wish that the devs would pull their act together. The idea was amazing, the execution was awful. I don't know what to say. This game had so much potential, and now it's taking a nosedive.Make this game live.Please."
,Not Recommended,438740,33362843,Posted: 7 July,all,Rayy,"Where to start...TL:DR version will be at the bottom of the review.Overall GameplayThe game itself isn't that bad. It's very clearly a low-budget game but I personally think the core gameplay is solid (at least after four or five patches). The biggest problem with the gameplay is that it's very repetitive. You'd think you could apply the repetition tag to any game but something about the 'Go here, collect that!' gameplay here is honestly boring after only a few hours. There are multiple Jasons and counselors to unlock which spice things up a little but due to the nature of how Jason is played you will follow a meta of counselor X and Y because the other 7 are useless. The same really applies with Jason but he's already so powerful that Jason X won't win any easier than Jason Y -- it's mainly how you want to play him that matters.If you've got some friends to play with, and that's the key seller here, friends, then the game can be quite enjoyable and a good ol' laugh. If you can look passed the stale repetitve gameplay then maybe this game has something for you.The developers have promised new content including a single player mode being added over the summer and near future for the other content. They seem to have gone down a forced season pass opinion, 'pay $40, get free content for X time'. It really depends on your stance on a season pass because that's essentially what this is. I personally will buy DLC if I like it. I don't like it forced down my throat while you reach into my wallet and take $40. It's like buying a pizza and being told that you can have the base now and toppings later.*Bare in mind this game was clearly for the die hard F13 fans and expect a lot of moments from the movies to appear in the game. If you're like me and have never watched any of the 9 or so movies then you might not get the same sense of furfillment that other players might get from seeing a certain kill etc. but that doesn't seem to bother me all too much.*Graphics/Audio/AnimationsThe graphics won't be winning any awards but overall they're not terrible to look at...Apart from the terrible facial animations, but I won't go into that. I will have to point out that playing this game on a 1070 @ 1080p had my GPU running at high temps throughout playing and that shouldn't be happening considering the amazing engine that was so poorly used by GUN Media/IllFonic - shocking how badly optimized this game is.As for the audio, it's probably the best part of this game. The tension building music had me looking over my shoulder (in-game) everytime I heard the music or a certain sound effect and it never seems to get old. Even if I haven't quite figuired out what each sound means - I'm assuming they all have a point?The animations, my god. I'm sure a lot of people have already seen the awful facial animations and lucky enough that's where the bad animations seems to stop. The kill animations are done to perfection I would say, they're brilliant, they're incredibly gruesome and they're satsifiying to watch.How's the community and playerbase?Well...The community and the developers are the issue here, something that isn't easy to fix.I won't drag on about the community issue because we all know toxic communties exist and we've all played in them...*Cough* CS:GO. But the F13 fanboys are a whole new level of salty and this is a great thing if you're a developer who only wants praise because that's all they're getting from there, but if you're someone with complaints expect to get chewed out on the forums -- feel free to view their Steam forums to get a better insight into the community. It's not all bad.The issue with this game and the reason for the thumbs downThe developersI honestly don't know where to begin. The lack of professionalism from GUN Media/IllFonic is head scratching. Starting at the launch, the servers didn't work for a good 50% of players for the first five days - unacceptable. The insane price tag on a clear beta release version is shocking. I'd like to quote what I read on the forums from a developer, ""We're not a triple-A game studio and we know that"", yet you want to charge triple-A prices? C'mon...The censorship of both the Steam forums and Reddit to stop negative posts/comments/topics is down right disgraceful to their community forcing one moderator to step down because he felt the same way. Their punishment system for ""rule breaking"" is just straight up broken. It's similar to a basic report system; report > review > action taken/not. Most users can agree that sounds fair although the rules set in place by the devs are simply over protective of it's users. Insulting someone can get you a ban, telling Jason where your teammates are can get you a ban, mic spamming can get you a ban, anything other than how the game was intended can get you a ban - but that makes sense, right? Yes and no, in a perfect world, yes. Given the fact this is an online game then no, it's not going to work at all and it hasn't.Although some of the bugs have been patched people are STILL reporting login issues, there are many, many game breaking bugs that still exist. I'm sure the developers are working on it but considering it took 2 months for achievements to work I'm not holding my breath.Score: 6/10 - a somewhat good game can't be excused when the people behind the title aren't there for the right reasons. I can't recommend this game on principle alone no matter how solid the game might be and that's quite sad because this game isn't bad by any means, but the developers are making a lot of enemies with their community and that is hurting the title and longevity.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------TL:DRGame is good but repetitive and boring without friends to keep up the fun levels. The animations apart the facial nightmares are standard with Jason's killing animations being the highlight of the game along side the music and score. The let down is the from the developers, clear lack of understanding and censorship towards the community has damaged this game and I don't see it recovering at this rate. The bad optimization on an amazing engine is just depressing and really shows the lack of understanding from GUN Media/IllFonic. The $40 price has no right and is an insult to the games which offer much more content and quality at under half the price. The promise of more content in a forced season pass isn't acceptable, give people the option, don't cram it down their throat.Wouldn't recommend unless you're a fan of the movies and/or the game is on sale.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Edit:- Added section under Gameplay regarding what ""mgrbn"" brought up. I assume a developer.- Fixed score to more represent the product instead of the developer."
76561198389907837,Not Recommended,438740,33358924,Posted: 7 July,all,theDevilsLatex,"the ♥♥♥♥ you ban me for? I dont do♥♥♥♥♥♥worng, what a bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥s, i even backed this game and never recived my savini jason, go fuick yourself, gonna let it be known on our youtube channel too,"
,Not Recommended,438740,33346188,Posted: 7 July,all,๖ۣۜAmmolite ๖ۣۜStar,"As the game is now I have to steer anyone that happens upon this review away. The game was a buggy mess filled with bugs that shouldn't have made it past any sort of even slightly extended testing, and yet it is still a buggy mess and even has had different bugs pop up in place of the ones they managed to fix so far.The devs as of writing this post have also been banning folks for, what I can only say must be triggering other players with the usual talk you come to expect in this sort of game, some of em deserved it, a good number unfortunately I don't believe have. Said bans also starting without any sort of actual posting of rules anywhere viable/noticeable on top of it.Game is quite heavily unbalanced in the killer/Jason's favor to the point of making it braindead easy to simply kill just about everyone right off the bat, resulting in most games anymore ending up with 1)half or more of the people have left on the start for some reason or another 2) the game ends very shortly into the match with Jason simply rolling an entire game, or 3)everyone pretty much just gets bummed because it devolves into a mess of racist/biggoted/etc comments over voice chat, presumably because of a Jason essentially facerolling his keyboard because it is about that easy to win.Until they fix the rest of the bugs, do something about this questionable banning situation, and balance the game out a bit more I must urge ANYONE who reads this review to just forget about it, don't bother until it looks like things have been smoothed out, will change my review appropriately when things are fixed."
,Not Recommended,438740,33361960,Posted: 7 July,all,BOSS,"For a game that costs forty dollars, you expect more. Unfortunately, this game is nothing more than a heavily glitched version of hide-and-go-seek. I like horror games, so a Friday The 13th game seemed right up my alley. There is absolutely nothing scary about this game, unless you find getting easily fatigued while running around three extremely similar maps frightening. I understand that the whole point of the Jason Voorhees character is that he's virtually unstoppable, but even with that factor, offensive capabilities in the game are an absolute joke since Jason can reach out and grab you as you attack with little effort or timing. For as long as this game was in development, the maps are also a joke, as they are virtually the same map with locations and terrain moved around a bit. As for the community itself, I quickly found that the same chortling, high-pitched voices slinging crap around a match are as prevalent as any Call of Duty game. In hindsight, I don't know what I was expecting to be different in that regard. It held my attention for maybe a week before I uninstalled it and kicked myself for handing over forty dollars for an incomplete game. If I could still get a refund, I would. Don't waste your money."
,Not Recommended,438740,33469976,Posted: 11 July,all,Kingston,"♥♥♥♥♥game. Full of glitches, and bans are out of hand. They changed what qualifies for a ban then went on a ban spree banning people for stuff they did that was not agaisnt the rules when they did it. Smack talk another counselor? Guess what! You get a perminant game ban. Not a cooldown, A PERMINANT GAME BAN THAT STAYS ON YOUR ACCOUNT FOREVER. And $40? The devs of this game have never made a real big game like this before and they charge $40 for a game with one gamemode and no singleplayer? ♥♥♥♥ you gun."
,Not Recommended,438740,33407212,Posted: 9 July,all,Aroc,Over price and game is boring as♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,438740,33423562,Posted: 9 July,all,SuicidalNEET,Too little content to justify the 40 bucks they want you pay to play VAC ban summer camp sim the game.
,Not Recommended,438740,33341745,Posted: 7 July,all,TURBOJÜRGEN,"The developers strive to ban their playerbase instead of fixing the game.-You can't play with your friend cuz u can get Jason or he and its automatically griefing cuz who the hell wouldn't help his or her friend. (Jason should be a solo player). Resulting in: Ban-Glitches and bugs, well they game full of it, so its not hard to bump into one khmm Resulting in: Ban (abuse is different) (It's withing the game, how can u ban someone for your own mistake, maybe fix the bugs and glitches)-Streamers are like VIPS of this game, obviously because they promote the game. They literally can make someone bannedBAN BAN BAN (I am not banned, I stopped playing this game after I've seen what the developers doing)Unfair use of steamworks development, should be reported"
76561198088431915,Not Recommended,438740,34946278,Posted: 14 September,all,Commodus,I do not recommend this game in it's current state. The past update was the first in exactly 2 months and it did not fix everything. There are about 1500 players on daily but not all at once so you'll run into the same people very often. The devs seem to not joy for the game they created and they do not listen to fans. For $40 I would not recommend this unless you're Bill Gates then you wouldn't mind the $40 price tag. There is simply not enough content for this to be worth the same price as Overwatch. I hope the game is repaired and maintained or this will be dead by christmas.P.S. this game needs a sale
,Not Recommended,438740,33577711,Posted: 15 July,all,☁ Jesus,"At first, this game was great. I used my own money ($40?!?) to play with friends and other interesting types of people (as I'm sure you'll find online). Then, i got a wake up call from none other than the ♥♥♥♥tards themselves. Friends getting banned for talking smack, children getting butthurt, developerstrash talkingtheir own ♥♥♥♥ing customers. I don't recommend buying this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Don't support a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ company that gives perma bans for no goddamn reason, accusing customers of being pedophiles, perverts, etc. I like the game overall, but the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ company behind has made me lose my lust for it. I won't be playing this anytime soon. If you plan on getting it, wait until it's at least half off. Then, when you get perma banned for salty players teaming against you who ""know the developers"", you won't lose all your♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,438740,34367103,Posted: 20 August,all,MidnightElectron,"The game is broken. setting multipule traps on top of one another is rediculous, not only that but they can be placed directly in front of objectives so theres no way to avoid them without taking damage or disarming the traps. On top of that, there are multipule occurances where you spawn in and within 30sec jason has found and killed me. go play dead by daylight."
,Recommended,438740,32437648,Posted: 15 June,all,Cal,Fun but expensive wait for a sale
76561198093837565,Not Recommended,438740,32005334,Posted: 27 May,all,UnbreakableWIll,"I can't in good conscience recommend this game. Yes, it's friday the 13th a legendary horror series, but that's about all the good I can say about the game.Pluses:1) Its F13th2) Exceptional textures and models, though if you're a graphics elitist, then this is probably a minus for you3) They spent a lot of time making it feel Authentic, which is fantasticMinuses:1) Camera Problems: If you are not 100% focused on an object, whether its a door, car, boat, any object, you can't use ""E"" to activate/use objects. In the year 2017, it's just unacceptable. Name a game where if you are within a decent camera angle and range of object you can't use it?2) Stiff Controls: Ties into the above. This makes for stiff and iritating controls that you have to virtually be on top of object to use it. We aren't in 8bit days anymore. Maybe this was the design, and if that was the case, then it was poorly implemented and not checked before release... Speaking of which...3) It feels BETA: This game feels like a disaster, there are far too many bugs. For example, I just got out of a game. We found gas, battery, and keys for the car.  1st attempt, we were all frustrated because the car door wouldn't open. Then we get in the car, and it won't start... One of the teammates said you gotta practically center yourself to the steering wheel to start...  The controls if possible to imagine are even more stiff when driving. Again, I understand it's a survival game, but when all 4 people are struggling to drive, speaks volumes of the design aspect. Or it could mean we all suck too, it's a possibility, it just #FeelsBadMan when driving. I have played about 10 games, not once have I been Jason. I even changed my Preferences to be set to Jason.In this same game, the only reason why we won, was because the game bugged out. During the brief animation if you hit Jason with the car, its like running into a wall. During this time, the game pinned him into rock on the side of the road, because the terrible controls. 4 of 6  us were still alive and we couldn't get out of the car for about 30 secs.. Then we all got out to see if it was Jason screwing with us or if it was bugged. It was 100% bugged we waited 7.5 mins til the the game ended, and then said we lost...  This is something that isn't odd, its called object collision, did not 1 tester find that out when rigorously testing the game? Or perhaps they didn't test the game in a efficient manner to see something common in all games made.This game had the potential to be good, possibly great, but the design and execution of the game was handled poorly. Not to mention the fact that many backers and pre-order customers didn't even receive their copy of the game on X1 or PS4. It took me about 1.5 hrs to get the game installed because the installer bugged. Then they issued a statement yesterday, which I will paraphrase, that said ""we had no clue how many people were going to play the game"" If you are a business and you are not anticpating a lot of users, why the hell would you make the game to begin with. It's a cop out statement for saying hey we really screwed up, but at the same time we don't care either...I will never support any kind of product that would take that approach to the vision of their own title, and as a business owner it is disgusting witnessing what is happening with this game.TLDR:  Horrible launch, bad execution, and bad overall vision and undermining themselves as a company."
76561197970708144,Not Recommended,438740,33537700,Posted: 14 July,all,resiseven7,"This game is one of the biggest disappointments this year. From a poorly planned out launch to various bugs and glitches to ♥♥♥♥♥♥ developers who let abusive, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ youtubers be mods on the official discord. I would say wait for a sale and then get a bunch of friends to play with, but that would mean supporting the devs. Don't bother.EDIT: Just found out the devs are also banning people for very stupid reasons. Of course we cant have people calling other people names in our 18+ game. Better just permaban them!"
76561198069816632,Not Recommended,438740,33873088,Posted: 28 July,all,Kiwi,"Here is the short version of this review: game is priced too high and should be half of what it is currently priced at, too many game breaking bugs that have been persistent since launch, game is repetitive with little to no change in gameplay between matches, and the game's combat system is flawed and sluggish with poor hit detection.Now, let's dive into each of these points:Price: The game does not have enough replayability to be priced at 40$ the game does not change enough between matches and due to the innumerable number of bugs and glitches this game is not worth the price, I personally like to get at least an hour for each dollar i spend on the game, and for the first ten to twenty hours the game was fun, i admit but then it just gets boring and repetitive. And all of those hours were spent in lobbies with friends and to be honest i can't imagine playing this game without them without being bored to tears.Bugs: the game has game breaking bugs that have been in the game for as long as the game has been out, for example when a counselor dies and his items are left behind they bug out and disappear into the ground to where they died never to be used again. These items are key to the counselors survival and so no items no survival. Another bug is how if Jason is blocking while walking onto a bear trap then it becomes stuck onto his foot and he can then no longer be trapped, so there goes one of the counselors main forms of defense.Repetitive: there is little to no difference in each game aside from which Jason is played, the maps are so similar its ridiculous most people cant even tell between them, let alone care about which map is being picked. They all feel the same as well with little to no variation the only thing that makes the maps feel different is if there is goint ot be 2 cars or a car and a boat, otherwise there realy isnt any difference in the maps that makes them feel different. Additionally, there isn't even much variation in Jason's since most people play the same one's since there are just some better choices than others and i understand that in a game that implements a system that has differing characters with differing strengths that that is to be expected but it just leads to more repetitve gameplay.Combat System: I'm going to preface this by saying that i understand that given the game is based on the f13 series and that Jason is supposed to be able to kill counsellors easily but since this is a game and not a movie there need to be adjustments, such as making it so Jason is not able to kill so quickly in rapid succession. Jason's grab range is also broken af and he can grab you from 5 feet away which is kinda bs. The counsellor's system isn't much better either since the hitboxes in the game are broken as all heck as well. And when trying to escape since there isnt any vault or anything like that if you get stuck on a rock that is maybe half a foot tall then you will get stuck and you will die.Overall: Game is not good for long term play imo, playing wihtout friends is not nearly as fun and since there are numerous bugs and problems I'd advise stearing clear of this game at least until either ALL of the games problems are fixed or until there is a price drop, either way i'm pretty sure I'm done with this game."
,Not Recommended,438740,33379973,Posted: 8 July,all,Peakz,they ban you if you upset them or their friends
,Not Recommended,438740,33360475,Posted: 7 July,all,Dr Cool,"Alot of people have already said what i want to say in this review so ill make this short#1 Jason's grab is and has been broken since beta, no signs of the developers caring.#2 BUGS so so many bugs. I cant't even count the amount of them in this game whether it be falling through the map, being able to die before you spawn as tommy, getting stuck in buildings ect. Each new patch adds even more bugs.#The so called ""PR"" of this game banned a user for talking♥♥♥♥♥♥to people helping jason, AND didn't ban the 2 users helping jason either. I dont really wanna list all of the story but you can go the game's reddit to find out more, or the steam forums.#4 Lack of content. The devs should have given this game the early access tag because thats about how much content this game has, and you dont even get all of the content except if you prepurchased the game on kickstarter/backerkit.I'll probably get banned for writing this review with how the devs operate but whatever.Hope this review was somewhat helpful."
,Not Recommended,438740,33345511,Posted: 7 July,all,Monoe ♡,"Horrible game with widely reported, game-breaking bugs still present since the open-beta in December 2016. Gameplay revolves around the thought that the person playing Jason will be mentally challenged.If the player who gets Jason has half a brain, you can expect up to 20 minutes of frustration as you and your friend's are slowly chased down while the Jason yells foreign insults at you since there's no regional matchmaking, unable to complete any objectives as the Jason has placed bear-traps right in front of them. If you trigger one of these traps, Jason can hear the sound of the bear-trap snapping shut from anywhere on the map, and can instantly teleport directly on top of you and kill you before you even free yourself.If you try to fight back, you're also as good as dead. Combat in this game locks you in place making it extremely janky and not fun, and is VERY easily telegraphed (about 1.25 seconds before the attack even starts to register!). All the Jason has to do is spin around in a circle as you whiff your hit and then grab you as you're in the 'recovery' animation. And even if you do manage to get a hit off on him, the Jason gets stunned for a measly 8-10 seconds, after which he can teleport directly on top of you again.If you try to play Jason with a handicap, the game is still frustrating as the counselors constantly insult you for being a bad Jason.Foreign players refuse to help play the objective and often troll in groups, there are often times where someone will get Jason and have his buddy rat out all the other players. It's worth mentioning that this game has friendly fire enabled, and the worst punishment you'll get for team killing is a loss in exp. Don't forget that team killing is a bannable offence now, so accidently team killing someone may result in a ban (at this point, why even have friendly fire on?).I wish I was exaggerating, but this is what every match devolves into, you either get someone new to playing Jason and get a decently fun, balanced match, or you dread even launching the game. The honeymoon period for this game is long over, people know how to play and it's clear that Jason is ridiculously overpowered. I'm not saying that he shouldn't be overpowered, but he desperately needs a tweak to make both sides of the game fun. Developers have also been doing some shady stuff as of late.Have been seen locking and deleting threads with valid criticism on both the Steam discussion page and the 'fan run' sub-redditThreatened to remove reviews they don't agree withPermanently banning players who have hurt the developer's friends feelings, while subsuquently ignoring the wrong-doings of said friends"
,Not Recommended,438740,34680566,Posted: 2 September,all,Apple Shampoo,"This game blows. It has one mode and thats it. Very few maps which all feel like the same map and they still suck. Many bugs at launch. There are few updates for this game, and the updates are far between. Even after several updates for this game THE GAME IS STILL BROKEN.Even with friends, this game still sucks. Do not spend $40 on this game."
,Not Recommended,438740,33554787,Posted: 15 July,all,KateTod,"Game based on ppls teamplay and ingame fun talking. Problem: ppl aint talking, ppl aint helping each other, ppl leaving if they dont become as jason, if ppl talk as jason its: ez/bit**/get rekt/ son of a bit**/fu** you noob/fa**ot/etc...Gameplay as survivior=Bullsh**Gameplay as killer= nice, as long as youre good, cause you can fu** these haters, which are a pain in the as*Also the game is for 18+, you mostly meet childish kids (sry but mostly ruskis), who doesnt understand one word english, except the lil list you can have a view of if you watch upLike if it would cost 15€ i'd say hm kay...if you like it, but i'd like to refund the game so much. Community is worse than in League of Fa**ots, Lag by Daylight, CS:GO or COD.After over 100hrs i can say i know what im doing in the game. Try is 2 hrs but that you will become Jason in these 2 hrs isnt secured. GL~Subnautica in early access has not so many bugs."
,Not Recommended,438740,32289731,Posted: 9 June,all,Novakyad,"When the game first came out, it was a decent to fun game to kill time in and with overall. Since the changes by the devs to ban people for what appears by the community overall to be stupid reasons has not been able to stop the overall decent that this game has taken on PC. I originally gave this game a thumbs up for its fun and crazy times had running from Jason. Then certain gamers or groups of gamers decided it would be funny to team up with Jason the killer to kill there fellow cousnlers thus leaving them and Jason by themselves. This is far more apparent in matches now after my long month and a half break.Just popped on today and a fellow counsler litterlly slugged my person to death with a bat and then laughed on their mic.This a just one example of the toxic players that sadly have ruined this game for me. Everyone expereince will be different with this game as my was different in its own right.I remember seeing the first wave of reviews tht were negative and thought to myself that others were being a bit too harsh on a game that started as a kickstarter fund. But then talking to my brother, I realized from him how basic and barebones this game really is. From half finished animations to glitching servers despite having supposed dedicated servers and much more.My brother and I originally both this game to play over the internet together. He was the first to quit playing after the first two months with me following suit later on. We might come back once the singleplayer dlc is intergrated but no eta from the devs on when this will be happening.Overall I'm disappointed with this game as have seen that it has progressed at all but has declined overall in player count and so forth.It its current state of a game as of today which is Monday August 22, 2017. I can't recommend this game, if I did it would be a cruel joke to my friends."
,Not Recommended,438740,33416248,Posted: 9 July,all,Wolf,"Not worth 40 dollars and by some of the reviews saying people help jason and they say something about that, and they get banned, I don't recommend this game. It's alright gameplay."
,Not Recommended,438740,33802891,Posted: 26 July,all,YogiDeBear,"12 yo kids(said by the DEV) playing PEGI 18 rated game is that kids’ fault, they are not allowed to play this rated game. But the Dev being on the same side with that kids without looking at the team kill issue and also clearly underaged player.... what a shame!PROS: JasonCONS: Dev with their kids & friends"
,Not Recommended,438740,33803324,Posted: 26 July,all,PinkBurrito,Pos:ChadEricFun at timesNeg:Shoot Jason with a flaregun didnt even care got choked 10/10ALOT of bugs with hitboxes and nerds glitching out to unreachable placesEverythings getting repetitive nothing new seems to be happening$40 Game
,Not Recommended,438740,33481731,Posted: 12 July,all,sybren,"Great game with alot of potential, but the downside of  Friday the 13th is that it has a very weak dev team.They cant handle criticism and treat each person differently.For example, take the YouTube and streamer community, they can glitch and use exploits in PUBLIC games all they want. Heck, they can even post the videos of them abusing the glitches & exploits (and even show how to do them) on YouTube without getting a punishment.If any non 'famous' person did the exploits or glitches, he or she would be banned without any hesitation."
,Not Recommended,438740,33496623,Posted: 12 July,all,Tormental,"Very poorly made, very poorly planned.Every round you play will be one of these scenarios.1.) Experienced Jason. Counselors have no chance.2.) Inexperienced Jason. Counselors all/most survive easily.3.) Bug/Glitch kills you or otherwise ruins the round.4.) A fellow Counselor will shoot you dead the minute they see you, and tea bag your corpse.Everything about this game from the ground up is so poorly concieved and poorly made that it's clear this was nothing more than a cash grab. It is in no way worth the price tag.Don't pay more than $5 for this trash. $0 would be most preferrable."
,Not Recommended,438740,31978780,Posted: 26 May,all,Bantarific,"All the counselors play pretty much identically regardless of stats. I noticed no difference when playing 10/10 stealth and 1/10 stealth.The ""3"" maps may as well be one for how different they are. I'm pretty sure I played all three maps. The real trouble is that it's hard to tell if I did or not.Whether you win or lose as counselor is seemingly 100% RNG whether or not you find items. One game I searched every building in the entire map and didn't find enough items to escape. Guess I'm supposed to work with the other people to survive, but it's a bit of a trainwreck that they can pick up key survival items, run off and die with them and then I can't escape unless I happen to find their dead body in the woods.Regardless if you love or hate Dead by Daylight, that game has significantly more content and it's $20 cheaper. This game should not have been released in this state for this price. It looks like, plays like, and has as much content as a very early access game.I saw a lot of people in the comments saying ""I've been waiting for a Friday the 13th game my whole life"" or whatever.Keep waiting.This game is a trainwreck of baffling design choices and just flatout bad balancing. Jason is so stupidly broken it's not even fun to play as him.  I've seen about a dozen people say ""Jason is supposed to be OP, get over it."" There's a difference between fun OP and unfun OP. Juggernaut mode in Halo is fun OP. Having straight up wall-hacks in a stealth game, two independent teleporting abilities with 15 second cooldowns, godmode, ranged attacks, and ♥♥♥♥ing beartraps is unfun OP.What the hell is the point of the ""struggle"" mechanic when jason grabs you since he can instant kill you the moment he picks you up?Refunded"
,Not Recommended,438740,33877117,Posted: 29 July,all,Haki Malgeran,First game playing ran into some girls who helped jasonand team killed i started calling them out.they kept saying they know the devs and they will get me banned i said f*** it i dont care i can refund the game anywaysnext day got bannedbut guess what i still have my money
76561198006343741,Not Recommended,438740,33501400,Posted: 13 July,all,spartan1167,"Interior - OfficeDev 1: Ok are you ready to release game for early access stage?Dev 2: Yah! Let's do it...*Dev 2 presses button*Dev 2: Alright let me refresh the steam page.Dev 2: Hey man, umm... I think I made a mistake.Dev 1: What do you mean?!Dev 2: I think I just released the game like for real for real...Dev 1: You mean like full blown release?!!Dev 2: Yah let me see if I can undo it.... um... It says ""can not process request"".Dev 1: F&%#!Dev 2: F$#%... Oh well... Let's see if anyone buys it. I was kinda bored of working on this game anyways.*Long Pause*Dev 2: Buffalo Wild Wings?"
,Not Recommended,438740,31996552,Posted: 27 May,all,Liam78787,"In the state the game is right now, I will have to give this a thumbs down for now. Currently it feels very un-polished, buggy, and with some balancing issues; with little content. That being said, it is pretty fun and thrilling; but not 40USD fun and thrilling; and so I have requested a refund. Hence I will wait for a sale to re-purchase and by then it will hopefully be a better game with updates; at which point I would change to a thumbs up."
,Not Recommended,438740,34594094,Posted: 29 August,all,Dubé,"This game always had its flawes within it but at least before the update it was bareable to play with, but after this update it's unplayable I hope that They can change it back to a new better updated version or even revert to the old version that was fun."
,Not Recommended,438740,33626654,Posted: 18 July,all,Cormack7718,"Fun,but way too overpriced"
,Not Recommended,438740,33320053,Posted: 6 July,all,Dovahkiin,"Let me get this out of the way:This isn't a bad game. The mechanics are fine and the factions are balanced. The councilors can communicate with each other to fight Jason off and Jason can outwit them if he's good enough at the game. There are counters to every strategy and strategies to counter those counters.Playing a Private game with all of your friends and no randoms is really fun, it's an enjoyable experience and a good game of dread and teamwork (or being Chad).What the real problem is is public matchmaking. There is no Ranked play, so if you go into solo queue, you get matched with a number of other random people who have no coordination or objective gameplay whatsoever and who usually don't care about winning anyway because there is not much incentive to win as it isn't ranked and you get a good amount of XP just for staying until the end and get minimal XP for actually doing things.Furthermore, there are usually people partied up that you get matched with in solo queue. What I mean is that you might join a game with 7 people in it already and they're all a group. Their friend gets to be Jason so they try their darndest to kill you and all group up together to let their friend get several stylish kills to farm XP. They all get 500 XP for surviving (except the one that killed you) and Jason gets a lot more for all of the stylish environmental kills they let him get.I know that the Devs and Community Managers can't do anything about this, but unfortunately, I can't recommend this game with this matchmaking system. The game itself is great, it's just the community that's the problem."
,Not Recommended,438740,33355739,Posted: 7 July,all,MR_Puma,"I had high expectations when I bought this game, when I first started playing it, it was decent. Sadly enough now the game is just annoying. First of all (at the moment)you have to wait approx 5 minutes to get a lobby which gives you 200-300 ping, after 10 minutes you finally have a lobby with decent ping. Then you get into a game and everything just goes downwards from that. Jason's grabs are like out of range, he can grab and miss but still get you due to some magical magnetic power Jason has. Trying to escape Jason by going through windows and doors? Let's just make it that some doors/windows not even open if you're unlucky, dead. Teammates that just shoot you or try to shoot you because -1000xp but you get 1xp anyways? Oh well there's a report system but team killing is allowed as long as you don't help jason by giving you away. Premade groups that will just abandon you after all your work. ""Hey you fixed the entire car? Well we with 4 escape and good luck for you dude"". Shotgun shots and flare guns that just miss while you hit right at them for whatever reasonOh and then when you're killer, survivors sometimes stick to your hands so you can walk through the entire map to find either a survivor or get to the water, meanwhile they fix everything. Kills are getting boring and reptitive and actually too easy. You just spam 1,2,3,4 and if they don't have a pocket knife you just automatically win. Unless you go for the more fun environment kills but they're often too far. Your biggest weakness is doors and if a survivor does it right he can just walk you around 1 single house.Overall, the amount of counselors are okay'ish but could be more since there's a lot of potential. Amount of maps are very few, only 3. And the killers are okay, yet Savini is kinda 'too good'Oh and don't forget those squakers that keep yelling at you ingame like you're some sort of slave or that scream their lungs out which kills your ears.It might be fun, but then I advice you to play with a full lobby of friends, more funtl;dr: A lot of bugs to fix and a lot to add before it's worth the $40 I paid for it. I could've spend that on different more fun and less buggy games."
76561198179372235,Not Recommended,438740,34007292,Posted: 3 August,all,flyingpigz13,To many bugs and glitches lack of content slow gameplay makes for a ok game Not worth 40$
,Not Recommended,438740,33320681,Posted: 6 July,all,Swampy,"Don't get me wrong, I love the game and I've played it quite a bit, but recently the devs have made me hate it. Rather than attempt to fix well known bugs and glitches, they ban people who use them. I rarely even use half of the mechanics in the game because apparently they're 'exploiting'. They also ban people without proof, seenHere.I'm tired of the devs going full SJW and banning everyone for everything. JUST FIX THE GAME. I'm fine with playing with a number of bugs, but not if we're banned when they happen to us."
76561197996260169,Not Recommended,438740,33384265,Posted: 8 July,all,Rei,We are in 2017 and that game don't even let you change keyboard shortcuts....No comment
,Not Recommended,438740,34876068,Posted: 10 September,all,Luca Fox,"Huge waste of money. Broken, buggy mess of a game that's at best in beta, but is being sold at a full release price. Developers are liars. Game is dying. Don't waste your money."
76561198289003469,Not Recommended,438740,33607691,Posted: 17 July,all,hellkite,UNBAN DILLY OR GIVE HIM HIS MONEY BACK.
,Not Recommended,438740,33447177,Posted: 10 July,all,mysterfish,"My Friday the 13th: The Game ReviewAt its core it's a fun game, especially if you play with friends and do some roleplay and mess around with Jason, but there are many things that make this game not fun.First off the bugs in this game are unbearable. Some games you can grab people from 5 feet away, some games you can't grab them when they are right next to you. There is another bug that happens to me once in a while, where I grab someone from the seat of a car and then someone hits me with a bat and I start flying across the map, even through the map. Me clicking on the road where the car is heading, but spawning on the side of the road watching them pass by while I'm sitting there frustrated. Hit registration is laughable in this game.The community is where it really stings. People shooting you, hitting you with any sort of weapons. Even to the point of running you over. Bunch of sore losers leave the game when you're about to kill them so you don't get XP. Also glitch abusers, people boosting each other up by being Jason and killing everyone besides their friend so that they both get XP and waste people's time waiting.Well, since I'm listing a lot of negative things about the game I guess I will list some good things. All the different Jason's are unique and very detailed with its abilities and character design. Every once in a while you get into a lobby where people actually like to have fun and do some games, roleplay, etc. That's about it, heh.In all, the game is fun if you play with the right people, most of the time you are going to get put in lobbies where people troll or boost other people. For its price I feel like its the middle with me. $40 is lot for a buggy game with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ community. $30 is way more acceptable for a game this size. Just buy this game when it's on sale, or if you want to buy it full price, go for it. Just know what you are getting into once you buy this game.Thanks for reading my review.Hope to do more in the future."
76561197992425760,Recommended,438740,31999003,Posted: 27 May,all,Paladent,"On my third round of F13, I befriended a guy I was helping out somewhat easily, especially since there's an in-game voice chat feature wherein counselors and Jasons within earshot of you can hear what you're saying, and if you have a radio, another survivor with a radio can hear you anywhere. A few hours later, he invited me to a private lobby full of a bunch of us who, for the most part, were just meeting. We played in that same lobby for hours, and it was the most fun I've had playing a video game in years.Find some buddies to play with and go private, and you won't regret it. All XP rewards are still active in private, and unlike in public matches the achievements actually work. The game needs work in several areas, but it's still fun, and despite all the whining about Jason being OP and impossible to run or hide from, escaping is actually not terribly difficult if you're not being an idiot (like I was my first several rounds).10/10 would pile into a four-seater and drive straight past the prepubescent mic spammer screaming for help again."
76561198049359185,Not Recommended,438740,33316169,Posted: 6 July,all,the shaft,"This game is not worth the $40 in my opinion and I'll list my reasoning for this.The matchmaking sucks, it takes seemingly forever to get a public match going and you eventually end up with a bunch of kids from the UK if you are located in eastern U.S.  .The gameplay is terrible, mechanics are broken and there is not real variation between playing the game the first time and the second time it's all just based around hiding in obvious spots, getting items and escaping an OP enemy.When you die there is nothing to really do either, you just sit around for 20 minutes until the game ends or you don't get your EXP.The graphics are lacking and are slightly reminiscent of team fortress which takes from the eerie feel you should have playing this game.  I don't think the game is optimized either very well, especially for what you get graphically.I could see this game at maybe $9.99 but for now I'd say wait before you try it out. As a fan of the movies i was pretty disappointed."
,Not Recommended,438740,32661110,Posted: 22 June,all,Horn Drop,"The game definitely starts off fun, what with you running around as a counselor or as jason and trying to find a way to survuve. The game does have a few things that make it stand out from dead by daylight as well, such as being able to fught back against Jason, larger maps, and multiple ways to survuve. However, the game is populated by a toxic community, which makes it nearly unplayable. If you are lucky enought to get into a game, you will either be trolled by your team, Jason, or just ignored. I really wanted to love this game, but with its 3 maps, glitchy gameplay, and horrible community I cant recommend it."
,Not Recommended,438740,33823434,Posted: 26 July,all,Bae,"Payed 40 dollars for this game and I honestly had a lot of fun playing it, and probably still would but I'm genuinely afraid to play the game out of fear that I'll get banned. You know the devs are♥♥♥♥♥♥when they make you genuinely afraid to play the game."
76561197996528962,Not Recommended,438740,33398046,Posted: 9 July,all,T-Virus,"I do enjoy the game but frankly the lack of communication, the lack of transparency, and horrendously bad glitches that have been there since day 1 are unacceptable.The game is good. Easily better than Dead by Daylight in my opinion. But there are multiple issues that the devs haven't addressed:Lack of Regional Filtering. If you're playing outside of peak hours and are in North America then I make you a $1 bet that you will get matched to Russians and Chinese a lot of the time. Not that I'm xenophobic but in a game where communication is key (because there's no text chat in-game) it's kind of important that everyone speak the same language. Official response from one of the devs (Randy) has been: ""This is working as intended. There's no problems with matchmaking.""(Insert ironic gif here)Friendly Fire is on in Quick Play but can be disabled in Private Matches. For whatever bizarre reason the developers vehementally refuse to disable Friendly Fire in Quick Play. They've yet to give an official reason for that but instead Randy suggests that you just play friends... Which kind of defeats the purpose of having Quick Play.Still a ton of bugs/glitches/exploits. Let me recount a couple I had in one 2 hour session of playing:I go to radio Tommy Jarvis. The radio was somewhat close to a door. I purposely stand right at the radio and was nowhere near that door. I go to radio Tommy and the game thought I was opening the door. Then the camera locked into place and I was unable to adjust the camera or do anything else let alone call Tommy.Items de-spawn/fall through the world after being dropped by Counselors. It's lovely when this happens to the Fuse or Car Keys.I grab someone as Jason. I enable the kill animation and the audio for the kill plays but the Counselor is still in my grasp and wiggling. Somehow the kill doesn't count and the guy gets away and I have to try to catch him again...Savini Jason is blatantly Over Powered and the developers refuse to acknowledge this.Part 9 Jason is bugged. He's supposed to have Stun Resistance (I.E. it's harder to stun him) and yet he can be stunned just the same as every other Jason.Part 7 Jason is underpowered and needs one or two buffs.There's only 3 maps for right now and one of them (Packanack) is very badly balanced and is in Jason's favor. The devs continue to stick their fingers in their ears and scream ""LALALALALALALALALA!"" While the vast majority of the community  agrees that the map needs some fine tuning. Maybe, just maybe, there should be zero chance that the fuse box should spawn right next to a car and thus prevent a Jason player from being able to patrol two objectives at once? Just maybe. That's just one issue with Packanack BTW.And now we have this nonsense with the Devs banning people and giving their friends special privileges.Once they fix all of this nonsense I will delete this review but until then this is going to stick."
,Not Recommended,438740,33327332,Posted: 6 July,all,gaspipe,"Oh boy where do I even begin, a developer accused a player of being a pedophile without proof, but that's just the tip of the icebergThere are many things wrong with this game whether it be gameplay, content, or bugs. Right after a few hours of playing I knew I had made a grave mistake by wasting money on this joke of a game. This game costs 40 dollars, and came out the door with hilarious server issues, gamebreaking bugs, 3 or 4 maps that are all completely identical. Ignoring the developers being extremely anti-consumer and greedy, this is essentially 40 dollars for an early access game with no major updates in sight.But that isn't why I wrote this review, I wrote this review because of the developers recent behavior regarding ""exploitation"" and """"harassment"""". I was thoroughly disgusted to find out that the developers have recently gone on a banning spree and are essentially banning anybody who says mean things or anybody who ""harasses"". Yes, they ban the Jason who says ""come over here I'll kill ya, you got a nice piece of a ss"" in a killer game where people are supposed to have fun and roleplay in the voice chat. Because it is ""threatening"" to the community and it is a safe family friendly hugbox where no ""hate"" is allowed. What ticked me off most is how a developer responded to someone's ban by saying that they harassed a 12 year old. Doesn't this game have an 18+ rating? Isn't there gore in this game? If anyone should be banned, it should be the 12 year old. The developers are social marxists and don't allow freedom of speech in their game.But that's not all, the developers are banning anyone who uses an ingame exploit to glitch through the game and onto the roof, they are banning people for using a mechanic that is present in their game. Yes, you heard that right. Rather than solving the issue by getting off of their lazy asses and patching the exploit out themselves, they would rather permanently ban their customers for using a mechanic within the game. They aren't even using a 3rd party software to do this.The developers don't have a single care in the world for their consumers and insist on flaming anyone with a negative review or taking any form of criticism down. The devs are terrible humans, and you shouldn't support themThis review will not be taken down until the developers give me my money back"
,Not Recommended,438740,34004332,Posted: 3 August,all,Who's Boobies are Sexier,BUY DEAD BY DAYLIGHT 100x better!
,Recommended,438740,32024519,Posted: 28 May,all,Denim Danger,"Absolutely great game that will likely be ruined by children on steam. Alot of the negative reviews to this game do absolute 0 justice and are just squekers crying. I've put in full time on this game playing 16 hours now since release. If you're as jason fan instantly you will notice the love put into this game. Playing this game i feel like im writing a new jason movie every match and i truly enjoy sticking around for the whole event. There are couple bugs that dont exactly cripple the game but they do pose negative effects. People leaving during a match and then being chosen as tommy jarvis,; sucks they sit there afk not moving and the killer must find and kill for the game to end. This causes impatient people to leave and lose out on their exp from the match. Database login errors; this error is the worst by far. It cause you to not only have problems connecting and actually playing the game but it also cause the current progress you have attained to stay in a standstill and your progression ends up relying onto the lobby you connect to. These type of errors plague alot of games but this could of been avoided with an open beta. cmon guys that was a mistake, no open beta..... Anyways other then those 2 bugs there isn't anything game breaking. I really enjoy having different means of ways to escapt the killer. unlike DBD you can actually kill the killer!!!! this is an extremly tough victory but if people work together it can happen. I honestly cant give this game enough praise for its gameplay. Every match is such an adrenline infused experience i can't get enough of it. I give this game a 7/10. If it had an open beta the release might of been alot smoother but none the less great job and keep up the good work."
76561198116546316,Not Recommended,438740,33420077,Posted: 9 July,all,sonicheros,Not recommend
76561198220559875,Not Recommended,438740,33443737,Posted: 10 July,all,JefryDaPig,i was playing the game and 4 hours in exit out of the game and was going to join back in the game but then it crashed and it said make sure steam was open and it was nothing was wrong and now i cant play the game without it crashing
,Not Recommended,438740,33917732,Posted: 30 July,all,button_,"Gonna make it plain and simple. The games dying.There has been no update in over a month as im writing this, and many game breaking bugs that were reported on day 1 have still not been fixed.I understand the devs are currently hard at work on the single player, but I believe its more important to fix the base game then to add additional content, which will no doubt have countless bugs as well.The game is just currently not worth playing, and $40 is too high of a price point for the content currently available in the game."
76561198121889382,Not Recommended,438740,33398131,Posted: 9 July,all,Krishal,"Game is alot of fun but at the moment theres too many issuses with the game and devs are painfully slow at coming up with hotfixes/patches.I reccomand any potential buyers to hold off buying the game for the above reason, and give them a couple months to fix their game which was rushed out of beta."
,Not Recommended,438740,33358147,Posted: 7 July,all,KnucklezX66,FIX THE GLITCHES. Jason doesn't get stunned every time. Also items get stuck to the floor.
76561198178288741,Not Recommended,438740,33464328,Posted: 11 July,all,Nineinchcow,Paying 37 euros for a game that doesn't have a ban sistem for people that insults you in game and kills you and jasons that let his friend escape and for those who help jason to find others so that only them are left! Huge money for this game with 1000 of bugs and glitches and no1 to watch over players!
76561198127825079,Not Recommended,438740,33409219,Posted: 9 July,all,Big.FlashS1,"The game is ok , But jason rotation is♥♥♥♥♥♥i never get jason been playing alot and got 5 times jason out of about 30  - 40 hope they change the system because its borring AF."
76561198044736910,Not Recommended,438740,31975106,Posted: 26 May,all,A Privileged White Male,"I have been excited for this game for months now, However after playing the game for a few hours i am more disappointed then pleased.Now I wont lie there are more cons to this then pros but thats after playing it I had more issues with it then fun, I feel its one those games that unless you play with friends you wont have as much and you will just question your purchase each game.ProsThe gameplay is.. fine the characters react to scares and it can be very chilling when jason's sound effects play in or you hear the screams of your fellow campers as they die. Its not a hard game to run ethier with my NvidiaGTX 660 i can run on the highest settings with no loss in frame rate.  Adding that Jason can't be killed from what I've seen only slowed the fact an unstoppable killer is after you and you can only communicate with survivors when your near them can amp up the tension to 11.ConsNow here is the bad part, The graphics and gameplay are no where near what they showed at E3 last year and that is the biggest let down, I feel like its just another company that showed me some good cocaine then sold me bath salts when i came back for it. The character animations, deaths, interacting or even just walking around is clunky, They jitter around like there on a bad sugar rush, no matter how good your signal is or not and thats not just the people the vehicles handle like bathtubs on wheels with someone having fun in the back as it thrusts back and forth. Jason can also just teleport right to you no animation just poof and grab you and do bad things to you that I hope your parents told you about when you came to age. And when I say right to you i mean so close hes breathing on your face, the few times this happened to me i had no time to react or shoot him and was instantly grabbed and killed.  You can also get an unlucky spawn right next to jason which normally leads to you being killed right at the start and you cant leave if you want to level up and get more stuff but thats a whole nother thing.  Rather then a choice of survivors with different stats you have to unlock them along with the i want brown not blue shorts customization.  Its not hard to level ethier though so theres that i guess.This is just my Opinion they are talking about patches already but my final thing to say is Dont buy it YET. Its not worth 30 or 40 dollars in its current state probably half that.  But what they have here is and can be fun and i do enjoy it sometimes and if you and your buddys love that 80's horror and wanna spook each other then wait for that sale and patches, til then is this game worth your money, No... For now."
76561198014494308,Not Recommended,438740,33379923,Posted: 8 July,all,Baltis,"The game is fun, but in the end there is very little to do and gameplay can become very repetitive. What little there is is riddled with bugs that have been present since before launch. With the new Banable offenses it is reccomended you don't play with friends because if one of you is Jason you will likely be banned if your Jason kills anyone who isn't you first. Worth buying once the price drops to $20 and the bugs/glitches are fixed."
,Not Recommended,438740,33378461,Posted: 8 July,all,JumpingJack,"Heres a more updated review I guess, lets go to the start, this game gets announced.Instantly ex dbd players who are mad at the game (rightfully so as it was reaaally bad, but its better ish now) hop on the hype train and say its going to be the death of dbd and that dbd sucks. It finally gets launched and oh my lord its a mess.lets list pre-""Actually start fixing things aka launch"" problems. And overall bad game design I guess.-Trolling and team killing (will be explained)-Bad teammates who had no mics but took the phonebox fuse and died somewhere else.-Items getting stuck in the ground after someone dies so if you manage to find the fuse it will probably be stuck anyway.-Jason grabs you from yards away and after a brief ""choking animation"" which hes invincible to attacks from teammates during. After that he can literally instantly kill you and even when someone is right next to you it makes it near impossible to go for a save, which puts you out of the game.-Jason being able to ""combat stance"" through firecrackers, traps, flares and shotguns.-Survivors being able to hit jason while he gets another survivor out of a car and launching him out of the map killing him.-When you die you have to wait the whole game for it to end so you can get the points you earned.-People hiding the entire game as a fast char then when they get caught run for 20 minutes until time runs out (which make waiting for xp after a game so damn annoying)-The pocket knife item sucked and was too much of a gamble, the pocket knife allows you to escape jason instantly one time, you basically need one to not die because of how far away he can still grab you, remember that he can instantly kill you within 3 seconds of grabbing you. But if a jason traps an objective you're pretty much screwed anyway because you either use your pocket knife to disarm it and risk getting insta killed or you tank the trap and use a heal. (dont have a heal? lol to bad) the whole ""get freed instantly"" thing sucked as well.-People working with jason (part of trolling)On to the whole trolling thingPeople in f13 can kill you in a number of ways, traps, shotguns, or melee. People would work with jason and call out where you are to farm points with him easily. I've even had people teamkill me for coming in the same house as them. As if thats not bad enough lets talk about people who leave without you, you and someone else could put in hard work putting parts in a 4 seater while some dude comes over with the keys and either rams all of you or just straight up leaves you. Team killing is now gone but the car can still kill people if the keys get into the wrong hands.And to top that off the report system was probably the worst ive seen in any game, rather then you clicking report on a name and them investigating you have to go out of your way to record it, edit it, and email it to the devs. Its such a stupid hassle and it shows how lazy they really are.The game is still just as laggy and bad as it was, only a few things in my list are dealt with but the game is designed around trolling and is not fun to play. And it is without exaggeration the worst 40 dollars ive ever spent, and I can't believe its even priced at 40, it was rushed out and barely working and the community is now extremely small.TL;DR Its still buggy, still laggy and annoying, still easy to be a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ And NOT worth 40 bucks."
,Not Recommended,438740,33467826,Posted: 11 July,all,chris,"It's just too much money for a game that has so much issues going on. Dead by daylight is still beating this game by players and community support. The amount of toxicness going on in games and players helping their killer friends is just unfair. This game could be better, but it will take a long time for it, it has the potential for it to be such a amazing game. But the lack off developers figuring out the problem and actually solving it correctly is just a hassle to wait for. It is fun with friends you know you can play with, but the public dedicated servers are just plain toxic. I may only just have 24 hours of play time but it is enough for me to say what I need to say.I would say yes to this review but no for now, it needs improvement on its system and how it treats its players."
,Not Recommended,438740,33541974,Posted: 14 July,all,TCPIP,"often FATAL ERROR, and so many players left if they not become jason.."
76561198310106825,Not Recommended,438740,33619473,Posted: 17 July,all,FuzzyDrifter,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ game and I regret buying it, here is why:1.Jason overpowered.2.It gets boring when you play over and over again, even with friends3.Overpriced, this is why people won't buy it because it's 40$+ and not enough content with it.4.It's almost the same as Dead by Daylight, Dead by Daylight has grown with more content, Friday the 13th has a lot bugs in it and Dead by Daylight has little.5.You need a good P.C. to run it.6.Matchmaking is long (Little Players)7.Laggy Lobbys8.Game can take long (20min MAX)9.When you die, you have to wait until the match is over to get the EXP10.I despise itI do not recommend this game if you agree with one of my reaons or more"
,Not Recommended,438740,31976829,Posted: 26 May,all,blade,"UPDATE: The devs have finally shown their true colors now that the refund period is over. Take the advice of someone who had their money taken away and avoid this purchase.Friday the 13th gave me an overwhelming feeling of dread as I loaded up and was greeted with the familiar EasyAntiCheat and Unreal Engine logo that I had seen in the asymmetric pvp game before it: Dead by Daylight.The game itself has some potential, but in its present state it is not worth the $40 price tag.Bugs are high. Some Perks (ones that give you a map on spawn, a very useful thing to have) do not work. Parties for Quick Play do not work, and sometimes the game does not reward you the full XP for staying the entire match. You need this XP to buy perks, so not getting it is rather frustrating.Mechanically it feels a bit shallow. The new player experience is not fantastic. It gives you a few slides to give you the absolute basics and then sets you loose into the PVP matches. No bots or single player, although I don’t necessarily feel like it needs that. A majority of my games were spent searching empty/looted houses and then dying because Jason’s Sense ability landed on me due to not selecting AJ and not crouch walking as her. The game tries to balance stealth with urgency but it doesn’t do a fantastic job of it. There are some doors that you feel you should be able to check but can’t (there is no texture to signify one way or the other unless you are butt up against it, this is compounded with the problem that sometimes the UI prompt to interact with bugs out and doesn’t show anything) and the things you can check are often fruitless. The map feels a little too big for how little stuff there is in it.To compound the problem with the mechanics, you are forced to watch the entire match if you want to get the full experience bonus. Meaning if you died early on or are new to the game, the best thing for you to do is to tab out and wait for the game to end, which is not great from a game design perspective. There’s nothing to do while you are dead besides spectate or hope that you get the 1-time revive if the other players call him in, which requires the fuse box in the cabin to be fixed.Balance seems a bit off and heavily favors Jason. Obviously all asymmetric PvP games will suffer from this but it's a bit more frustrating with how Friday the 13th handles it. Jason’s first ability, Sense, is essentially him rolling the dice to detect the councilors, and who he detects depends on luck and how stealthy they are being. Unless you are a crouching AJ, you will most likely have trouble keeping yourself hidden. After you are spotted, Jason will use his two warp abilities to spring himself on top of you, grab you and then insta-kill you. It begs the question why there is a struggle meter to begin with when he can just kill you where you stand.There are some good things. The game seems faithful to the source material and I did get a bit of nostalgia towards it. Dedicated servers on launch are great (although none for Australia, great stuff), and the voice chat is immersive.But the new player experience is one of the worst I’ve seen in quite a long time. Since you aren’t good enough to win, you are encouraged to just spectate the game until the match resolves so you can get perks that might give you a better chance. If you are spotted Jason can quickly insta-kill you, and not having a map will quickly lead to you going in circles or feeling lost with very few items to help you on the map.My final recommendation is “wait and see.”In time, maybe balance/bug patches will bring it up to snuff, or a sale will make it worth it. For now, it's hard to recommend unless you have a full group of friends to play with. Even then I feel like you could probably find something better than this."
76561198092973229,Not Recommended,438740,33622360,Posted: 17 July,all,Liv,"Fun Game, better with friends... Devs are awful. Ban people for♥♥♥♥♥♥talking people who are working with jason and or team killing.Jason can also grab you even if he's 5 feet away, Oh and don't even bother trying to hit him cause that rarely works either.There are so many bugs in this game. For example, sometimes when you place down a trap it just floats in the air ???It is def not worth the 40 dollars, so please save your money. If you insist on getting this trash then please get it on sale."
,Not Recommended,438740,33805441,Posted: 26 July,all,Pickled Geek,"I'm not sure if this is a game or a poorly executed, failed experiment that could have succeeded if done right"
76561197994133943,Not Recommended,438740,31965551,Posted: 25 May,all,Pound0fFlesh,"I really, REALLY wanted to like this game.I didn't. At all.I'm a huge fan of the film franchise, and in no way is this a statement against the developers, programmers, and the awesome cast and crew who returned to help this out.I'm going to be blunt, this is a Randomized Jason Simulator and nothing more. Now, I understand you think ""of course it is, it's Friday the 13th: the game"".Jason is far too powerful for this game to be fun as a Counselor, and even as Jason.I played a few matches, getting stuck in the counselor role, and found Jason's odd abilities to teleport and insta kill a bit.. well cheesy.then I got to play AS the big man himself.I was treated to a barrage of radar signals letting me know where ALL the survivors were, the ability to teleport anywhere on the map, and in the event THAT didn't get me close enough to a Counselor, the ability to vanish and fast travel behind them. (think Evil Dead)There is no challenge here. If you are a counselor, you can't even hide, because he'll know where you are regardless of how well you do it. If you are Jason, you tap each Counselor once and take them out of play.I get it, Jason is cool and he's powerful. It's why I got the game. But let's be honest, if this was just a new IP, some new killer someone made up, this wouldn't have the price tag it does, and likely a lot more people would be jumping ship.That's not to say Jason shouldn't be powerful, but he played like you've got cheat codes on from the get go. Where's the fun in that?Counselors also seem kneecapped from the get go with hardly any stamina for running away, not that it matters with the fast travel ability...The aestetics are on point, even if I think the animations needed another pass. Chad Kensington's shriek of horror at the beginning of every match doesn't look.. natural. Jason also runs like a sack of potatoes. Give him that high speed powerstalk from the movies, guys.2/10 but aestetics alone can't sell a game.I'll be refunding this, sadly."
,Recommended,438740,32043042,Posted: 29 May,all,Aceboogz Gaming,I have played now for 40 hours. Honestly the nest PVP Horror game on the market. Not at any point have i ever felt like this was a waste of money rather a deal. I have had absolutley no server problems. I find matches very easily and i actually get jason alot. So far i think ive played like 1000 matches but either way this is a MUST BUY in my book. Definitly pick this one up.
76561198023376885,Not Recommended,438740,33805928,Posted: 26 July,all,Gamera,can't recomment this game
76561198132531461,Not Recommended,438740,33341100,Posted: 7 July,all,SpaceWiener,"There was this one Russian dude who said I had his gun that he traded out for the battery (This guy was also playing Tiffinay, one of the worst people to try and repair stuff with, so this a was a very stupid mistake on his part). So do you know what bright idea he had? He trapped me in a corner, refusing to move until I gave it to him. I refused, and he stayed put. So I shot the gun into the sky, wasting it (I would of shot him, But I didn't want that -1000xp punishment). Then he goes AFK, not even moving when Jason showed up, who promptly chose to kill us both the lazy way (Swinging and not grabbing). 11/10 would play again (PS. it wasn't the corner of a house, it was between a lawn chair and a rock, that wasn't even ankle height. Great game design!.Today, I met a pair of Russian Toxics, at the boat. me and another girl had put the gas and the propeler (However you spell it) in the boat, and she got in the driver's seat, but refuesed to rev it up. I thought she thought the boat was only a one-seater, which I would of told her but I didn't have a mic, so I had to stay silent. She only reved it up when her friend showed up, where I got in. Then do you know what happened? HER FRIEND STARTS ♥♥♥♥ING BEGGING ME TO GET OUT OF THE BOAT, BECAUSE THEY WANTED TO ESCAPE TOGETHER. The only reason I got out was because the police arrived (Which means that was happening for over 5 mins). They then sped away laughing, while I made my way to the police, only to get kill literal inches away from the escape. 12/10 would let filthy commies backstab me again"
76561198142172891,Not Recommended,438740,33776759,Posted: 24 July,all,RestlessKnight,"This game is full of bugs that make it unplayable most of the time, but it is NOT a beta game. The devs alway say that they have a small team, so give them time to fix the game, but have already started working on another game."
76561198205750925,Not Recommended,438740,33374333,Posted: 8 July,all,Orange_isTheNewBald,"Like a pair of pants, you pay $10 for handling and materials, and $30 for the brand name.I had a gut feeling, and ignored it.play on a team of seven, half of the team is going to be asian, which should say a lot.play as jason, teleport and grab before it finishes, spam 1-4.To wrap this up, Devs are European minded, so watch what cuss words you use around the kids. Could get you banned for sexual harassment or other abused card plays. Have fun!Edit:Would like to point out something else about how the game has been butchered.- team killers- snitchs (player friend sets pref as jason, then using discord, player tells the location of other players, simplifying or dulling gameplay)- both of the above is bannable, but not enforced. Your only solution, should this upset or frustrate you, is to create a private match.If you have 7 friends who you believe will be playing consitantly then you can probably skip all bs.however, buy it and roll the dice with Quick Play."
,Not Recommended,438740,33375018,Posted: 8 July,all,bossary,DO NOT BUY. This game is dying super fast because of the way the devs are acting. Too many bugs/glitches and playing favouritism with bans.
76561198324903636,Not Recommended,438740,33433314,Posted: 10 July,all,SkyIceYT,i dont like it is not what i espected
76561197989825299,Not Recommended,438740,33567515,Posted: 15 July,all,Burn Down Applebee's,I just paid 40 dollars for this game and it won't even launch. Some type of applicaton error. I've been reading articles and watching videos explaining that I need to download some seperate application??? I shouldn't have to do ANYTHING besides install the game because I AM A CUSTOMER THAT PAID 40 DOLLARS FOR THIS GAME. This is absolutely ridiculous and the makers of this game are absolute clowns.
,Not Recommended,438740,32624018,Posted: 21 June,all,🅵🆁🅾🅼🅼,"Walking simulator 2013Poor gameplay and randomness, the player who play Jason got to be good otherwise it's walk in the park! but the problem is if the team is good, then Jason won't have good time, high speed/stamina characters can waste his time, shotguns, baseball bats, pocket knives etc. and tommy jarvis!First game in this account was just less than 5m, I spawn near 2 small buildings, I walk in, I hold E to close the doors behind me, find an item, go to the second building do the same, find another nearby building with the doors wide open! I say to myself who is this B*** who didn't close after him! I walk to the car, it's already ready! get in with 2 ppl and that's all!Second game the same, just someone found the phone, he press E to call the cops, I wait 5m while going to the exit!Third game, I go directly to the big house next to me, me closing doors while others just going after looting! while I'm going to close the back door! Jason jump on me! game ended for me just after 1m... now I go afk waiting others to finish and get my points!Matchmaking for me not going well, I get match with ppl so far & high ping, the player base is already around 3k~6k that's not so good for a new game!Few times Jason disconnect, or even teammates! this make it very hard to enjoy it!- Pre made parties any of them can be Jason?! so you may get teammates who are friends with the killer!- If you escaped or got killed, you still need to stay till the match is over ""up to 20m""to get your points!!!!!!!- Jason with all his abilities still can be juked around easily and be killed!- Trolling players!- One of the Jason characters ""Variants"" was sold for a limited time, it has it's own special stats! yet the devs like to call it a SKIN! haha- Early Access that cost $40- It's 100% same as the alpha, nothing changed!- No meaningful updates since the launch!- Releasing the game on PC, Xbox one and PS4, and working on other games at the same time!- The game developer isa complete piece of trash""Quoting one of them"" just look at the way they handle it inSteam reviewsorSteam forumsandMoving Hazard / Dead Alliance"
76561198074171814,Not Recommended,438740,33326721,Posted: 6 July,all,Ace of Spades,"Matchmaking in this game blows, takes way too long to get into a match without upwards of 300 ping because it's being hosted in god damn Beijing or something (Pluse there are a lot of Asian people playing this game and it's hard to communicate in a game that it's very important in, when you can't ya know, understand each other.) Even getting into a mach with 300 ping takes up to 2 minutes to get into, 6 to get into a mach you want to play without all the god damned lag. Also the games community blows too. I can stand getting called a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ or something every once in a while but at somepoint you really want someone to come up with at least *some* creative insults (that is when anyone talks at all). This game is dropping players left and right, checking in right now and the game is at 2,989 players and for a game that's as fresh as it is does not look good. Have not seen it jump past 5k for a while."
,Not Recommended,438740,33888784,Posted: 29 July,all,ツ Doug Dimmmadont  ツ,"Watch out buddy, before you get banned for telling someone to run, when you are jason,CAUSE THE BAN IS COMIN."
76561198114230838,Not Recommended,438740,34183832,Posted: 11 August,all,juanathanbrown,"So I want to try to give an objective review of this game because I've been playing it for a while now on Steam and on Xbox One.When the game works well, it's really fun. The key word is ""when."" To unlock new characters, Jason skins and clothing you have to gain experience and raise your level. In order to raise your level, you must complete a game. It's so infrequent that I actually am able to complete a game because any of the following occurs: the game just plain crashes, it ""times me out,"" the game freezes, or the host quits midgame, ending the session. As far as I can tell, you do not receive experience as long as you get to the end of the match. This is infuriating and causes me to not even wish to wait through the painstaking process of finding a full room.Another problem with the game is that sometimes I'm killed more often by other players cheating than Jason himself. Of course, that's not the game's fault, but when I see all these complaints about bans--it seems it's more often innocent players than actual cheaters.From what I've noticed, in the computer version, you can find a room more easily and it crashes less. However, if you are able to repair the car, the lag is so bad that you crash every other second and have to restart the car. The lag isn't bad on the Xbox One, but the game crashes or freezes or times out so much that you might as well not even play.I love playing this game when it works, but it just doesn't seem to work very often. $40 is way too much for a game with all these problems."
76561198143135981,Not Recommended,438740,33775426,Posted: 24 July,all,What Is Chainsaw,Don't buy this.
,Not Recommended,438740,33443341,Posted: 10 July,all,chet,This game is broken as ♥♥♥♥. returned after 2 minutes of in game-play
,Not Recommended,438740,32962099,Posted: 28 June,all,Strider,"This game can be a lot of fun. Unfortunately, it seems that with every patch, more ways for the game to suddenly crash or lockup are introduced. In addition to that, many of the couselor perks don't work, work opposite of intended, or are just plain useless. The few that still have purpose tend to be so good, that it's questionable that players would run the other perks anyway.All of this is amplified by the fact that perks are random, both in which perks you receive, and their quality. It's more than possible to never roll a perk like medic or thick skinned, or to keep rolling versions with meager bonuses completely overridden by crushing penalties.As it is, this game is a gem, mostly covered in fecal matter. Sure, it might be a diamond in the rough, but you're going to get poop all over yourself finding out. If you're the type of person that was going to buy this either way, you'll probably enjoy it. I know I did, before the crashing and hitching started getting to me."
,Not Recommended,438740,33859061,Posted: 28 July,all,BritishTeaDrinker69,"its an okay game. Bigish map, more then 2 ways to get out alive. good graphics and there are alot of people to help you survive, but if jason gets hold of you, you're more then likely going to die, its pointless trying to brakefree because  20% of the time you'll brakeout.Jason is op asf and its ruins the fun."
76561198391378567,Recommended,438740,32062505,Posted: 30 May,all,YEET,After them working to fix the game its worth it now trust me.
76561198066305339,Not Recommended,438740,33689524,Posted: 20 July,all,Immy,Possibly the worst and if not over priced game on steam
,Not Recommended,438740,33572384,Posted: 15 July,all,Si,the game is pretty laggy at the menu and in game as well i hope this gets fix
,Not Recommended,438740,33578220,Posted: 15 July,all,HunkyHusky,"$40 bucks is way too much for this game. Many bugs are still existed after weeks being released.The game also gets repetitive and its players are annoying sometimes (you will likely encounter someone who would torture 7 other players with loud moan and other sound that come straight out of a porn movie)Recently, many people are getting banned for ♥♥♥♥♥♥ reason as well ...I truly regret buying this game just because the hype was too big."
,Not Recommended,438740,33850198,Posted: 28 July,all,レタス,"The Game is Wonderful, but the community sucks.Its better if you play it with friends, if you play solo, you either get people who ditch the game because they aren't jason, or get people who leave when they're about to die, so the match just becomes super boring.I recommend the game only for people who can play it with friends.Singleplayer hasn't come out yet, so we'll see."
76561198085784327,Not Recommended,438740,33322171,Posted: 6 July,all,Laganja Estranja,I'm in the process trying to get my money back. The dev is going crazy and perma-banning people for freedom of speech. I dont want to risk it and certaintly am done sticking up for this behaviour.
76561198127411825,Not Recommended,438740,32102490,Posted: 1 June,all,EnGi,"Hello everyone,I do not usually do reviews but I really wanted to prevent people from falling into this 40$ trap.Gameplay :The gameplay is alright at best, terrible solo, you need to have friends to enjoy this fully, people do not care in solo queue and just do what the fudge they want, most don't even know what the objectives are. Where the gameplay takes a huge dunk into the ground is bugs, and god, this game has a bug every 2 minutes I SWEAR. It is broken, one time I was Jason and going after the last dude, he hid under a bed, usually its not a problem, but the E action key did not pop for the finishing kill under beds, so the guy won by dropping the timer to 0. FOR 15 MINUTES I WAS WAITING NEXT TO THE FREAKING BED. GAMEPLs.And this is just one of many, there is a TON of gamebreaking bugs, this game does not feel like a full release, this is a beta at BEST.Jason, is freaking OP, a good jason will destroy your team in less than 5 minutes because of the Overpowered shift skill, a good player will be able to abuse that to no end to one shot anyone, teleport right in front of someone, grab, insta choke kill, rinse and repeat.Impersonators : My god, I love people that can roleplay, believe me, but this game, EVERYONE DOES IT. And most are ♥♥♥♥ing terrible at it, you will be spamming the mute key almost every game.Overall :Gameplay : 3/10 (would be a 6 or 7 but the bugs man, the bugs...)Ambience : 8/10 (The music is great, the graphics are good, the faces have terrible animations.)Community : 6/10 (75% of the community are trolls, but when you get a good team, its great.)Quality : 2/10 (this is not a finished game, not even close)Price Tag : 1/10 ( 40$ for this unfinished bug fest ? HELL NO)This is my personal opinion, fans will defend this game to the end of the earth, but this is NOT quality.You will have some runs that are fun, others that will be complete garbage, rinse and repeat.This is a drunk party game in my opinion. Everyone has different tastes, you might like this, this is just my view on the productCheers !"
76561198034876695,Not Recommended,438740,32095358,Posted: 31 May,all,Greekgodx,crasheses all thne ♥♥♥♥ing time ♥♥♥♥ this i want money back now
76561198114559980,Not Recommended,438740,33324618,Posted: 6 July,all,Midnight Iridescent,"Devs are defensive of their poorly made game. I bought this because I'm a fan of the slasher film and Jason franchise, nothing more. The mechanics are bad, the only good thing about this game is that Jason isn't a push over, and that it has a lot of style. This game looks go, and by looks good I mean isn't the worse in graphics, and has a good theme going for something like this. The Negative comes from how the game operatives, the devs who have started to ban people and pick favorites over others, and from the lack of effort to make this game a good one. The mechanics are so blatantly bad in some areas you know they just said ♥♥♥♥ it, animations take 0 percent effort for Jason and the camera will just ♥♥♥♥ off in close quarters or un-even terrain. Super bad on launch and their ""Compensation."" was in-game currency, double experience (Most games do this for any ♥♥♥♥ up/ or just to get active players for a moment.) And a ""Retro skin."" Where they slapped Jason in purple and cyan paint, added one new song, and supposedly a new kill, nothing other than that.Not only is this game not worth 40 dollars, it doesn't work well and doesn't come with it's single player till later.Guys, I love this movie franchise, despite the dumb later movies like Jason X and stuff. But this was a cash grab due to them getting a licence, and unless they actually work on this game, other than just making it super exploitable for survivors to ♥♥♥♥ over Jason by accident, do NOT get this game. They might be fans, and hell they tried to make it into the f13 series, but they stopped caring once they game looked good enough to fool. At least there aren't infinites like in DBD, but DBD even with the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥ dev community is a better functioning game for half the price.Edit: Please no ban for the bad review."
,Not Recommended,438740,31971727,Posted: 26 May,all,James P. Albini,"Played five rounds and requested a refund. I have zero emotional attachment to the Friday the 13th franchise, so I can be impartial: The game design is terrible and here are a few reasons why:If Jason singles you out, you're dead. You can't outrun or juke him. He can teleport. And if he grabs you once, you're dead.Imagine playing a board game with friends, almost winning, and then Jason grabbing your game pieces, tossing them on the floor, and shouting ""Haha, I win!"". That's F13.Compared to Dead by Daylight, it appears like there's so much more you can do here other than repairing generators. Escape by boat! Call the police! Drive a car! But technically you're still doing the same thing over and over: a simple fetch quest. Going into visually identical buildings, opening dozens of drawers, and hoping you'll find a needed item. It's as engaging as trying to find your misplaced car keys around your home while being late for work.There's an animation input delay for most interactions. Closing a window and climbing through is done with the same button. Running around the map will give away your position, so you're encouraged to go as slowly as possible (boring). You can't creatively hide either.Going back to Jason's teleportation, here's how annoying it is: You look backwards, Jason is running after you. He random disappears into thin air, no animation. You spin the camera forwards and now he's in front of you, choking you, and chopping your head off. Better luck next time.What pushed me decide to refund? First round: Team killed within 20 seconds. Second and third round? Griefing. Fourth: Mic spam and Jason teleport death. The fifth round was sort-of kind-of almost fun, but only because I was allowed to live for more than five minutes and found a player that did not want to murder me. But then he got team killed. Then Jason got me.If people are already griefing and team killing this much on day 1, to me that means the main gameplay is simply not engaging enough to hold people's attention and they are getting bored. Or the community sucks. Either way, I have not experienced this much toxic behavior on any release day ever.All in all, I wouldn't recommend buying this game. Especially not for $40."
,Not Recommended,438740,33797529,Posted: 25 July,all,oddtoxin,what a joke.
,Not Recommended,438740,34358530,Posted: 19 August,all,Ace,"Honestly, i find this game sh#t. This game absolutly gets ruind by teamkillers and teamers. Also, 37 euro is way to f#cking much. Its not worth the money at all. This game also has so many glitches- (gamebreaking) - . It even has more glitches then in the alpha. Buy this game when when it costs 20 euro or something!"
,Not Recommended,438740,33301284,Posted: 5 July,all,Nothing,I love this game but it's just way too expensive and I can only play with randoms. :c
76561198193633626,Not Recommended,438740,33943549,Posted: 1 August,all,Blubber,First of all i'd like to say this is my opinion and I stay true to it.Pros1. You get to be jason and kill plebs2. every counselor is unique in there own way3. every player will have an disadvantage and an advantageCons1. Bugs2. Toxic Players That Will team kill for no reason etc3. bans outta this solar system devs will not ban there friends but will ban you for the stupidist things!4. after nearly 120 hours it is really really repeteive especially without friends5. All though it would be very difficult and I understand there is no Palmela in the game6. All the maps are really simillar and sometimes hard to tell apartAll though I seem to be negative I really love this game with friends solo queing is just cancerous sometimes tbh(-random person) Argh stop ranting!!!!!! (-me)m ok ok ok chillI do belive the devs can fix everything all though they have already started to work on a new game before even finishing this game rip single player if you want the devs to take notice and fix this game don't buy there new one and they might realize how much money they earned on this game and start giving it attention! Peace out.
,Not Recommended,438740,34000620,Posted: 3 August,all,Humanastory,"While I enjoy the game, i was a bit offset by gun media's lie about not allowing anyone to have the savini skin - only to turn around and allow microsoft and sony to give it to those who buy their products. - then to turn face and side step their public relations stunt. Those who purchased the skin durring their kickstarter campeign were told explicitly that this would not ever happen.Thus gun media not only lied but became hypocrites at the same time. This will be the first and last game ever purchased from them as a result of their dishonesty."
76561198083222419,Not Recommended,438740,33920538,Posted: 30 July,all,TheMorganism,"I'd wait about 5 to 6 months before getting this game. There are too many bugs that ruin the game like the home run glitch and not being able to interact with anything.The game feels like an alpha, and the price is way too high for what you get. I'd say wait to get the game for $15 or less."
,Not Recommended,438740,33982324,Posted: 2 August,all,Caped Crusader,"I wanted to leave a positive review, but simply can't bring myself to do it. The core premise of Friday the 13th: The Game is very solid and I've had a decent amount of fun playing it. The game is basically hide and seek with brief flashes of extreme violence.As a fan of the film series, mainly the 80s entries, I really appreciate how well they recreated the locations in the movies and they did a generally great job with the characters, both counselors and Jason choices. The in-game music also perfectly captures the mood of the early films. However, the makers seem to have no clue on how to engage in a constructive way with their player community, the game currently has many broken components, lacks basic customization features, and I've lost faith that they'll turn things around in a meaningful way.If they release patches that fix the problems with perks, people flying out of the maps, vital items glitching in the ground, and provide some decent free DLC, I'll happily change this review to positive. However, it appears that their current focus is on luring new buyers with exclusive content for the physical version (currently only announced on console) and leaving the fans who already ponied up high and dry with an incomplete game that should be clearly flagged as Early Access and priced substantially cheaper.Lastly, I must confess that I have very little interest in the single player component they talk about as coming soon, especially if it's focused on Jason and NPC counselors. I'll try it, sure, but the multiplayer is what I purchased this for and I want that fixed above all else. After that, then please add more maps and characters to add variety to the experience. In my mind, the single player mode is dead last in terms of priority given the state of the game and its quickly dwindling player base."
,Not Recommended,438740,33321339,Posted: 6 July,all,Mr Eazi,"You'll get perma banned w no warning by devs for running people over, a feature they added in the game. KekJust go play DBD (^:"
,Recommended,438740,32101314,Posted: 31 May,all,Xardes aka Ray,"Game is amazing, there are some bugs but they are more fun than problematic, lot of perks, killing animations, only minus is  pretty high price."
,Not Recommended,438740,33357573,Posted: 7 July,all,Artyom©,"After above 90 hours gameplay i can tell this, its not a bad game but... Actually gameplay, music and the characters are so great and original. Negative things are that betrayed thing and victims sometimes help jason to show where are the others on the other hand still lots of bugs happening... It makes this game under avarage. Buy if you wanna enjoy it about 2 weeks after that you ll just waste time!"
76561198403616528,Not Recommended,438740,33812353,Posted: 26 July,all,Aquarius,The game for me always has an error and i paid for it and never really had a chance to play it. I tried to play it on another device but still wont work.
76561198234175340,Not Recommended,438740,33841456,Posted: 27 July,all,LegendHydra,It's not worth the price.You can buy better games
76561198154189797,Not Recommended,438740,33985883,Posted: 2 August,all,Loxley,"Ok if you are going to buy this game. PLEASE, PLEASE wait for a sale. It is not worth it otherwise. SO MANY GLITHCES. When I die with the fuse a bunch of people are crouching around it trying to pick it up but for some reason can't. And please. A ♥♥♥♥ING cooldown system. People join games just to leave if they dont get Jason. And when you are Jason they leave half way through the kill so when you finish the game it says you have no kills and gives you no xp for them. Oh and why are they just throwing around perm bans for reasons like♥♥♥♥♥♥talking yet people are teaming with Jason, killing other people and they just get away with it. And Im not saying add more bans, you have already ♥♥♥♥ed up your game by doing that. Please just add a cooldown system like so many other games. It will fix the teamkilling and the leaving, WAIT FOR A SALE!!!!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,438740,33494454,Posted: 12 July,all,Sorrow,games riddled with glitchs everywhere. Its very hard to play this game as both jason and camp counsler i will admit i am very sucessful at the game and do very well like 80 percent of the time but that 20 percent jeez. Playing jason glitching half way across the map because theres bugs where when you are hit you just float into outter space and just lose the game it happens quite often. Another glitch is it will sometimes moph you randomly causing you alot of time and engery trying to get back to what you where doing. As a camp counsler i get stuck alot in random nothing not rocks or trees or some♥♥♥♥♥♥just like bushes like not running iinto them i mean morphing with them and becoming one till  jason grabs you. Another is sometime you will jump through windows while just jogging. Another traps do not always work they get stepped over from animations that bug through them as well as camp cousler traps with jason. Nots all firecrackers work or bats due to bad pings and host that purposly lag the server all in all its a fun game with alot work needed. 6//10
76561198403271104,Not Recommended,438740,34342011,Posted: 18 August,all,Jenny Myers,"SO MUCH BUGS, I CAN`T EVEN START THE GAME,♥♥♥♥♥♥!! ;-;"
,Not Recommended,438740,33352618,Posted: 7 July,all,Spaghetti,"At the moment this review was written, I had 107 hours. I'm still playing, but I wanted to do a quick review for my friends (In case they ever decide to buy it) Please do not be too harsh on me, for I love the game just as you do (probably). It is my first time writing such a long, dedicated review, but I couldn't help myself, seeing that nobody clumped everything in one placeProsThe game itself is a good representation of the movies. Jason is the big, bad, slasher mercilessly* hunting for counselors. You have a variety of counselors to choose from: runners (?), heavy hitters, stealthy scouts, fixers.You can play as Tommy Jarvis.Yes, you can play as him whenever you die as one of the first seven counselors. What you can do and can't do is up for you to find out.Good Graphics**. For average PCs the optimization is not bad at all. In fact, it runs okay** on most computers I've seen so far. Potatoes not included.Interesting Gameplay: You can escape in three ways provided in a match, with dynamic spawns. The Phone, the car(s) and the boat.You can choose what Jason you want to play as. You can play 6 Jason(s) (Seven with the Savini- not bound by any movies) that have been featured in the movies.ConsYou noticed a few '*' at the pros? Those are going to be the cons. Those are going to be the bad sides.*People who play together. Yes, it is fun to play with your friends, but things get rocky from here on. If, let's say, two people play together, and one of them is Jason, his counselor friend is most likely going to sell the others out. It gets worse if there are two counselor friends and one Jason and they help each other. I've seen instances where people took the two seater and showed Jason where everyone was.**Most of the times(for my specs at least) things don't load properly onEpic/High. Some textures (Trees, the road, the highway or even counselor clothes) won't load properly;Unlike the clear, pristine textures, they seem like they're on very low or something. A game restart usually fixes it, but there's always things that don't load properly.European lobbies. So, as a fellow European (Eastern Europe, at least) I've been welcomed with people with high ping, which are from Asia. I wouldn't mind playing with them, but imagine a Jason which has katana grab range.Bugs. There are lots of bugs in-game, such as: not being able to get in a car after you get out of Jason's grasp (you get teleported to God knows where then you return immediately to the car); if someone dies with items on them (such as knives, car keys, phone fuses) there's a high chance they get stuck to the ground and you won't be able to get them again; cars can do a barrel roll at the smallest lump of earth (which result in the car breaking); Jason gets a homerun hit with a blunt weapon (He gets hit out of the map. For real.)Overall- tl;drThis game is a lot of fun for if you look past the bugs and the way some counselors help their fellow Jason. Early game was somehow scary for me, and sometimes Jason's Stalk can surprise me. Has great potential, but I wouldn't play it like this if it wasn't so addicting. Not worth the $40 price until the devs figure a way on how to get rid of the cons (or at least the bugs, we all know the ""helping Jason"" thing won't end, ever)"
76561198036480396,Not Recommended,438740,33422055,Posted: 9 July,all,Fart Dad,"tons of cheating and cheesing, was fun but needs a lot of work"
,Not Recommended,438740,33862079,Posted: 28 July,all,t.tv/TehFreakPlays,"Game released in an unfinished state for $40.  Initial game fixes broke the game further. Now game is seemingly abandoned as devs communication has been a complete nightmare and transparency has not been a known point of strength.Ignoring issues with the developer itself, game issues that still exist two months after the games release (and several betas) include-Essential items clipping through the floor-Players stuck on floor tiles-Players able to get outside of the map (counselors and Jason alike)-Escape vehicles flipping when starting up on an uneven floortile.-Counselors stuck in kill animation holding up the entire game-Kill animations somehow allowing counselors to escape anyway due to high ping-Lost progress and account resets at random moments in the evening.-Communication errors-Anti Cheat scan and boot up errors-Hit box issues-Items failing to work until repeatedly dropped""Home Run Glitch"" - hitting jason at some points cause him to fly outside of the map and die.-Broken drawers and doors-Character perks, especially item spawning perks not working at all-Players getting stuck on drawers, unable to move, until game decides they've been afk and kicks themThis game is good for a laugh if you are a youtuber and have 5 or 6 other buddies to play - not a good investment otherwise."
,Not Recommended,438740,32081065,Posted: 31 May,all,TydeTyme,"Video Review Here:https://youtu.be/FxIAtOPiZo4The video covers more in detail the various issues I have with the game.There is too much to say on how this game is done wrong. If you ignore the launch issues, progression loss, and various bugs, you still have a very unbalanced game. I know that Asymmetric gaming is meant to be that way but this takes it to a whole new level. Jason is beyond powerful and the only way to defeat him and survive is pure luck. You, as a counselor, rely on if items spawn in convenient locations. Otherwise a decent Jason will put an end to all survivors in a matter of moments.Counselors are capable of using Stealth, Combat, and Speed to counter Jason. However, Jason has tools to stop all of that as well. Stealth is ignored through the fear mechanic as no matter how much composure you have, your character will become fearful at some point giving off your location to Jason. Combat is pointless since Jason can just grab you which will execute you instantly leading to your death. Speed is fancy and all but completely useless when Jason can teleport directly next to you and proceed to grab you into instant death.So far the only times I’ve ever escaped was a series of lucky events such as Cops being called early and Jason was only ever to kill a few counselors due to a very low time limit, or Jason lacked the knowledge on how to use basic Jason abilities and I was able to sneak out.As Jason the game is immensely fun if not at times a little boring for how easy it can be to play Jason. Playing Jason is not your choice either. You’re given a 1 out of 8 chance to randomly be selected as the game loads to play as Jason. I’ve gone up to 40 games in a row without being able to play as Jason making that grind for Jason very frustrating as teammates can ultimately lead to your demise.The game has a ton of promise and the mechanics feel that they could work properly with a few tweaks to what Jason is capable of doing. The game would be very solid if they would tone him down and make sure Counselors can actually do something that matters rather than Relying on Repair and Composure stat to get through the game. Half of the game’s mechanics are useless simply because Jason is so powerful. Also yes I get it, he should be powerful, but there is a difference between powerful and broken. He is currently broken. The game is currently in a state that can get dull without friends. A huge price tag of $40 is not justified on this game."
76561198123137777,Not Recommended,438740,33447687,Posted: 10 July,all,QueenScarlett,Most toxic people play this game. Don't buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥with it's♥♥♥♥♥♥players.
76561198266721685,Not Recommended,438740,33376726,Posted: 8 July,all,backstabbing bitch,"This game could be great but devs are unbelievably lazy, very non-transparent and unattentive to their playerbase... So many people backed this game and purchased it and they could hire more people to work efficiently but they're just too greedy for that, all they say is excuses that they're ""small team"" and promises that they fail to fulfill.. Devs don't even play their game, they play PLAYERUNKNOWN'S BATTLEGROUNDS, you might as well do the same."
,Not Recommended,438740,32096827,Posted: 31 May,all,#Gor,"So a lot of people are asking me if this game is worth the $40 and honestly I've been struggling with how to answer this question..I'd like to point out that personally, I enjoy the game, I've found myself addicted to what it can offer. I've added some cool people to steam throughout my time spent with the game;Many people will have reviewed the game for it's game-play so I won't. Instead I will simply address that question so many people are asking;Is Friday the 13th worth $40?For me, personally,yesI enjoy the game (when it works).Objectively however, (for those people who are unsure) I'd saynoIt's not worth the $40.I've played a lot of games, spent a lot of money on them, been around games for a long time.. For what content this game offers, when compared to other games, my unbiased opinion is that at present, it's not worth $40. So if you're in any ways uncertain as to whether or not you should buy it, I strongly encourage you to wait. Either for more content (More on this later) or for a sale.We're drowning in Indie games, there are a lot out there withmorerelease content than this game for a much smaller Pricetag (DbD release, Grim Dawn release, Stardew valley release, Darkest Dungeon release) I could go on..The game is still having a lot of problems, way more than there should have been if I'm honest. As I type this, Gun Media has just messed everyone around rolling back an entire 1.6GB patch, that they just released, due to an issue they were aware ofyesterday. The result of the rollback is that a lot of people are once again unable to log in. Gun Media is having a rough time and a lot of players are having a rough time because of it.And because of that, I'm having a rough time recommending this game to everyone else.For now, stay away from Friday the 13th unless you are absolutely sure you will enjoy this enough to overlook all of it's annoyances. Come back later or wait for a saleEven if you're sure you will enjoy the game, you'll still need to ask yourselves how patient with Gun Media you can be, because there have been, and still are, a lot of things to be frustrated about.Some Issues I've dealt with in the past 48 hours-Unable to login for the better part of 24 hours (fixed)-No XP gain for a solid 12 hours-  (fixed)-Inability to purchase, equip or resell perks (fixed)- Account level rollback (Not fixed)- Full loss of perks (the game sold them, Not fixed)While I'm fine with these issues as I'm a very patient guy, I don't expect that a lot of people are.I hope this helps some of you out."
,Not Recommended,438740,34801972,Posted: 7 September,all,Spinel,"This game is horribly broken its been months yet serves crash and the game is buggy as hell. Its full of cheaters and people that just like to troll. many promises have been made and still havent been followed through with, if you have the chance please seek a refund or just dont touch this game its barely playable. the only redeemable thing about it (not really) is if you have a group of friends with you and if the servers miraculously dont crash on you or let you log in you might get a few chuckles and have an ok time. But as the game is now its not worth the money would buy a good game if i could get a refund. this is the game that taught me not to buy a game day 1 and definitely not from this company."
76561198051233296,Not Recommended,438740,32412727,Posted: 14 June,all,So Much Lag,"Things this game needs:- A tutorial. The ""how to play"" option only tells a few commands. How to know how scared you are? How to use Jason's Shift ablity? Should I replace my current weapon with this one I just found? What are the parts that I need to escape (as in, what do they look like)? How do I jump through a window? None of this is explained and it's all vital to properly play the game. I still don't know what the fuse looks like.- Some kind of fear meter. It's hard to know how scared your character is.- Either lower the price or add more content. It's not worth the current value.- Region options, so you are not put into a game with people speaking four different languages.A few things to keep in mind when playing:- Any perks that make easier to escape from Jason's grasp are useless. All he needs is a single button press to kill you unless he is trying to be stylish.- You won't get any exp unless you stay until the end of the match. Have something else to do play just in case you are unlucky enough to be killed right at the start and have to wait for 15 minutes."
,Not Recommended,438740,31997744,Posted: 27 May,all,HYLO32,"I really had high hopes for this game. I've grown up with all the films, so when the game was announced, I had to own it. This game is mediocre - not because the connectivity issues they were having on day one and not because the game is buggy. I went into the game without any tutorial and died first (I think) and actually had more fun spectating. So, I went back in to try again and ran around like an idiot and got killed. Again. And again. And again. I wanted to connect with a friend and although he joined my party, every time we entered a lobby together, one of us had a connection failure. (Maybe that is fixed now). I did have the luck of being Jason twice in a row and had no idea what to do the first time, but managed to get a few kills. The biggest issue is that it is very repetitive. Even the intros where the counselors are sitting around the campfire is the same. Why make us watch that at the beginning of every game? It's like a very poor way to include some semblance of a story. ""Jason is coming! Everybody run!"". However, there is so much more to the movies than all the campers running around like idiots. The camps are identicial. I am not even sure if I was playing in different camps; if I was, I certainly did not notice. The controls are kind of sloppy too, and for some reason I could not hop a fence and got stuck on a wooden chair as Jason. The counselors just taunted me on the other side of a one foot fence along the road. No good. So, I played about 10-11 games and then decided to get a refund before I hit the 2-hour mark (after 2 hours, Steam won't give a refund). Simply put, this game is not that fun. Run. Dive through a window. Look around the house. Repeat. If there was more to do as a counselor, it may be worth it. I did not have issues with anyone onine, everyone seemed into the experience. Not for me. Defintely not worth 40 bucks. This game would be more fun if you played in a private room with friends. But still, this would get old real quick. Even FPS with dozens of levels gets boring and there are usually a dozen very different levels. This game has three camps - all of which are interchangeable. Same cabins. Same objects. Same ways to escape. I love that the creators wanted to turn this horror franchise into a great gaming experience, but it's more frustrating than scary or tense."
,Not Recommended,438740,33494368,Posted: 12 July,all,DaddyTrump,"game needs work, youll play about 3-6hrs before saying ""wow this game is super trash"" just refund now while you have a chance"
76561198205039635,Not Recommended,438740,33478048,Posted: 12 July,all,The Chosen One,"Simply,this game has too many crashes.It is not worth 37€.When they fix that i will might change my decision."
76561198287340855,Not Recommended,438740,33973715,Posted: 2 August,all,Mr. Wonderful47,game is bullsh!t right now. devs permaban anyone for no reason other than they dont like them. you hardly play as jason. only one game mode. only online multiplayer. no singleplayer mode. dont buy it until they fix it and add more content
,Not Recommended,438740,33872057,Posted: 28 July,all,A Series Of Blurs,Do not buy this game unless you just want to waste $40. The developers have abandoned it and the game is dying quickly because of the toxicity of the community. Atleast IllFonic and Gun Media showed other developers what NOT to do to make a game viable and thrive.
,Not Recommended,438740,33376931,Posted: 8 July,all,GlaDOS,"So, where to start with this game...I've put around 35 hours into this game, which isn't that much, but based on the content that is currently available feels sufficient to make the judgement that the game was released out of EA without sufficient checking and that the horrible and persistent bugs (and lack of support on the official forums besides - ""being looked at"") means that the game cannot be recommended in the current state.Positive:- If, and only if, the team has voice chat, works together and there's some fun banter either in the team or with Jason then this is a good game. Bugs, as long as they're not the system lockup or other game-ending ones become 'par for the course' and something to laugh with.But:- The problem is that there are very few ways to ensure that you have a team where the majority will voice chat. There's not enough players for any region matching, so depending on time of day it's a mix of Turkish, Russian, American, Chinese and British players for the most part. Some of these cannot communicate at all in the same language and with no voice chat or voice contextual commands (e.g. a stock ""I've found the battery"" message) the team falls apart.Other Pros:- Sounds is generally good. Tension building music etc.- Matchmaking is currently quick- Core escape methods (Cops, Car, Boat) have variety which is good. Timeout method is boring to observe. Jason killing, I've never seen as I can't find a Group to make it work.Cons:- Bugs, goodness this has a lot. I started with no Intro movies and then if called as Tommy no way to move. This has moved through clipping bugs, animation bugs, game crashes and hard system locks as well as FPS that seems poorly optimised considering the Computer I'm running it on (it doesn't seem to like SLI cards). Although there have been some patches, these seem to break things as much as fix them... currently my perks don't work (e.g. starting items). Jason glitches to prevent use of certain kills.-  Lack of maps, update timeline, single player or something to keep coming back to. As noted, if the game works well with a good group, then 5 matches in a row is fine. If there's none of that, then if the match is really bad the feeling is to go and play something else. I even bought DBD to see if that was better, but so far found that more complex to get into. This game needs new maps and new gameplay features to keep it fresh. Just some suggestions using existing models and assets, e.g. ""Two Jasons!"" or more counsellors per game, etc.- Counsellor skins / clothes / cosmetics / models. Sorry, but really not very good.  Skins are just colours, there's no detail to any of the skins (e.g. textures) and therefore they all look quite fake. When characters are scared, it's like they're sex dolls (eyes open like plates, mouthes open like sinks, etc).- Players. God, quitters when they don't get Jason. Quitters when Jason starts the kill animation. Quitters or team killers for any other reason. There's no penalty for any of those (other than team killers which isn't much of an incentive). Devs talk about new systems, but unless they have a depriority queue not sure what else can be done.- Speaking of depriority, there's no way to report abusive behaviour except screenshots, videos and so on via e-mail. Because there's no match ID# published or report system, Devs have to ban and/or review material. Less time for Dev work fixing stuff- Bugs or cheats: Shoot a Jason in the face with a flare gun and have him continue running at you while on fire and still manage to attack... Never seen that before, bug, or rare feature, hard to say. Find Jason with 7 throwing knives who never seemed to run out (probably just a good Jason, but was odd)Next steps:- Devs need to communicate their roadmap more. Why should I still be playing this game in 1 month, 3 months, etc.- Devs need to actually fix bugs. There's far too many of them.- Eventually new maps, features, etc.- Chat wheel commands needed, or chat bar.- Reporting system overhaul"
,Not Recommended,438740,33328345,Posted: 6 July,all,RaphielDrake,"I kind of like this game but can't recommend it. Heres why;- Its overpricedDon't get me wrong, its fun in short doses but not *that* much fun. This is the kind of money I would spend on a triple A game. I came in expecting variety, nuance but in actuality this game is very shallow. Although I will admit, the cheaply animated look of horror on the faces of the councillors is hilarious. However it is not funny enough to make me forget that I paid thirty pounds to be doing the same thing over and over again without much variation.- Why do hiding places even exist?You ever tried hiding in a closet in this game? If not heres a tip; don't. You will get found. Every time. Either Jason will use his Predator vision to find you or you characters asthmatic breathing will give your position away. Run. Run through a house, barricade the doors, attempt to evade him. But attempting to hide in a closet is always a death sentence.- Teleporting?Ah. Jason. Such a horror icon with his machete, his mask, his ability to instantly phase from one place to another. Wait, what? In all seriousness I get why the developers did this but its easily abused. I have been grabbed many times instantly by a Jason that appeared out of nowhere a fraction of a second before without any warning. Aside from that not being fair... thats just not Jason. I could think of a billion and one ways to compensate for his speed without resorting to that. Why couldn't the devs?- Team killing.This is a big one. Not only can players beat you to death with a melee weapon they can also instant kill you with a shotgun. Because, you know, that won't be abused. Good job devs.- Bugs.So many of them. I've seen Jason fly away to some buggy dimension from two councillors hitting him at once. I've seen inexplicable moments where I ran at half speed despite having full stamina. I've seen people frozen in place. I've seen killshots to Jason shrugged off due to a well timed bear trap placement. By itself this wouldn't be so unforgivable but consider the price and the time this spent in beta. Not good enough.- The devs.Maybe you've heard rumors of first time offence bans for small things? Well they're true. I haven't been banned myself but I know people who have been. There were statistics compiled on Reddit about this but they mysteriously got taken down. Of course friends of the devs don't get banned. You kind of expect this from some games but heres the thing... this game isn't good enough to get away with this.- Conclusion.Its a decent game but has too many flaws for the price range. Stick to Dead by Daylight. I'm not much of a fan of DbD and its not perfect by any means but at least the devs kind of make an effort with it. I don't get that impression here."
,Not Recommended,438740,33548588,Posted: 14 July,all,Mac Pro,Good game but way not worth 40.00Pros:Captures all the make the movie greatWill make you jump in fearActually makes it more fun to play as good guys.ConsGraphics are plasticky on a gtx980 set to maxOnly 3 maps that all look the sameLimited gameplay and content will lead to short game experience before boredom sets in.Over all view: it is great for a 20.00 game but nothing more.  Wait for a sale before purchase.
,Not Recommended,438740,33495495,Posted: 12 July,all,Dr Fill,my game meets the requirements for the game for reccomended settings yet i cant get above 30 fps
76561198072024383,Not Recommended,438740,34082313,Posted: 7 August,all,Jennings,"Do the Dev's do f all bout the guys all on discord/teamspek helping Jason in a match? No. Not Only is it disgracful the matches, but every match is a bore because what's the fun of a chat mechanic, if there's another chat hidden within that chat. Dead by Daylight did it right. You guys should too. I was mistaken to buy into my dreams of an amazing game like I thought this to be; Someday I hope somebody who cares actually does something worth everyone's interest and time."
76561198027586417,Not Recommended,438740,33487922,Posted: 12 July,all,Kinozoid,"I have to say that I was pretty stoke for that game when it was first announce. I find the concept really cool, and I really hope for it to work someday. Right now though, the game is in a broken state.As of the 7th of July 2017, there is glitches everywhere that makes the game barely playable, and there is a lot of balancing issues. For exemple, in the first match I played, I glitched through the floor and was not able to move anymore, which led to my pretty quick death in the hand of Jason. I had to wait the entire game just to have a chance to  get the XP to access some new perks. On my second game, one of the camper was a friend of Jason, and he was just telling him where we were/bodyblocking us to help his friend, which was very frustrating. The graphics are also pretty ugly: lots of bad textures, lighting problems and physics problem. The face of the campers are pretty bugged too: they really look ridiculous when you look at them when Jason is near.I might revisit this game in a couple month, but right now it's 45$ here in Canada, which is unacceptable.I really hope It gets works on to become a better game, but as for now, it is not worth your time and money"
76561198382460269,Not Recommended,438740,33350030,Posted: 7 July,all,666999,♥♥♥♥ THIS BUGGYYYYYY GAME
76561198021175898,Not Recommended,438740,33861555,Posted: 28 July,all,patrick2923,Needs new content. repetitive
76561198028309313,Not Recommended,438740,33937641,Posted: 31 July,all,Hastyneptune,"The game had potential but like many other its ruined by a lack of helpful and caring devs, the game lacks a lot of simple things like lighting issues and unstable servers, the comunity is really toxic and will leave the match as soon as they realize they arent jason.The game is also still riddled with game breaking bugs such as getting stuck on windows and being stuck in animations, all of whichshould have been fixed before game release, if someone posts about the lack of dev care they are banned and the post is taken down the devs will only respond to those who fit their bill and thats not fair!!Please dont buy this until its on a huge sale, the des only wwant the money and it sucks becaaues i was stoked for this game and it had such potential :("
,Not Recommended,438740,33956162,Posted: 1 August,all,Topo,"Yes, I played this game for 200 hours.  Yes, I had fun.  I played this game religiously for about a month and haven't touched it since.No, I cannot reccommend this game.  Not for 39.99.  This is an early access title at best, and the mass amounts of bugs and glitches that still exist in this game to this day warrant a lower price.  The developers really should have looked at other similarly priced games to see the amount of content that comes with the tag.  I don't care if you have plans to add a bunch of stuff down the round- if that was the case this should have been released early access.  I also had a friend get completely banned from this game for talking♥♥♥♥♥♥to cheaters.   Makes sense devs.If you're planning on playing this game solo, don't bother.  You will spend your days matched up with groups that will actively work against you, sell you out to Jason, or just shoot you on the spot.This is a 15-20 dollar game with a 40 dollar tag."
,Recommended,438740,32036600,Posted: 29 May,all,Musique,"The game in its current state is buggy, sure. But aside from all the bugs, It's a REALLY, really fun. And sure, Jason can be seen ""OP"" for alot of people, and thats basically the point. I mean, have you seen the movies and how OP he is? Thats basically what the developers wanted jason to be, ""an unstoppable force"". The Counselors are given the chance to fight or survive and SO many scenarios when alone or even grouped up. Its also very immersive, especially when you use a mic, really makes you just wanna shout things out when your about to die or get chased."
,Not Recommended,438740,33461394,Posted: 11 July,all,ozeuce,"RECOMMENDED:OS: Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 10Processor: Intel Core i3-3240 (2 * 3400), AMD Athlon X4 860K (4 * 3700)Memory: 6144 MB RAMGraphics: GeForce GTX 750 Ti (2048 MB), Radeon R9 270X (2048 MB)DirectX: Version 11Network: Broadband Internet connectionStorage: 4 GB available spaceMy System:OS: Windows 10 Pro 64 bitProcessor: AMD A10-7700KMemory: 8 GBGraphics: Radeon R9 270x (2 GB)So can someone explain to me, why this game, at 720p with the graphics set to the lowest possible across the board, cannot maintain even a stable 30 fps? Laughably bad.When it did work for a short period, it felt like it had potential. Cannot recommend in this state however, you'll be lucky to be paired with teammates who speak your language, which is essential for an assymetrical horror game such as this that requires planning and teamwork to succeed."
,Not Recommended,438740,33897945,Posted: 29 July,all,Gurg cultist,"For 40bucks? Nah, Nah, Nah"
,Not Recommended,438740,34404624,Posted: 21 August,all,MysteryMasterMe,"MysteryMasterMe’s Friday the 13th: The Game Review“My reviews are subjective and are based on a variety of factors.”Shorthand Review:Score – 5=High 0=LowQuality – How good I think the product is. This takes into account the gameplay, graphics, amount of content, etc.Value/Pricing – If the game is worth buying. Please note the price could change or the game could go on sale.Fun/Enjoyment – How much I’ve enjoyed the game or had fun with it.Purchased at: £29.99/$39.99FactorsScoresQuality2/5Value/Pricing2/5Fun/Enjoyment4/5Longhand Review:Well this has been a long time coming.I originally planned to leave this review as a positive one but due to recent experiences with the game and some more thinking I don’t want to recommend this garbage truck on fire ploughing through an orphanage of a game.Let’s start at the beginning. When I initially bought the game I was hyped to play it like so many others. During my first few hours of the game it was just pure enjoyment and glee. Running around frantically, darting in and out of buildings, through the door then out the window whilst on the most tense scavenger hunt of my life. All this whilst avoiding big scary hockey mask guy.In those first few hours of the game you feel scared but joyous as you, some fat nerd with enough chins to level a skyscraper and some brown-haired bimbo race to fix a car/boat or call the police in an effort to escape.Then you get to play as Jason for the first time and the real fun begins. Getting to grips with Jason is easy and soon you’ll be hacking down doors with an axe, a machete or even a fishing pole in hot pursuit of fear-stricken, zit-covered, play-doh faced meat-bags, cowering under beds and diving out of windows just to escape your wrath.Unfortunately the game wears thin after the first few hours you play. You realise how little there is to do in the game. You’ve already done most things. Escaping in the car doesn’t seem appealing anymore. The terror you were once filled with upon seeing Jason has completely evaporated. Instead you find other things to do. You attack Jason with the other players, continuously stunning him in an effort to kill him (you can kill Jason, I’ll leave a link to a video telling you how to). You begin to troll your fellow counsellors by killing them or deliberately getting them killed, soon hearing a 10 year old call you a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ over voice chat as a result.It’s worth mentioning voice chat now. In my opinion the best/worst feature of the game. Some of the people who speak in game are hilarious, role-playing as Jason and the various counsellors. Others will come up with random funny nonsense in life or death situations and some will just play Thomas the Tank Engine ear♥♥♥♥♥♥through their mic for the entirety of the match. Of course there are those who play the game seriously to try and win the game too.I’ve never really been the one to use my mic in general but this game has encouraged me to do so and I’ve actually made a few friends through F13. However it’s not always begonias and rosebushes.Without a single doubt this game is the worst I have ever played when it comes to receiving abuse over mic. You’ll have your fill of young children carelessly mouthing off the N-word but now and again you’ll come across that one player who really gets under your skin. But what is worse than having one player being a♥♥♥♥♥♥towards you for no reason? Having 3. I was playing a game with these 3 guys who started to spew abuse at me for no reason. Starting by making fun of my name (I did come up with it when I was 11-12 but it’s always stuck :P) then eventually graduating to more nasty insults and killing me in game for fun.I want to say I’m all for killing other players. It can be hilarious running over a friend with a car or point-blank shooting them in the face with a shotgun and I’ve had it happen to me many times but I draw the point at harassment. The example above is only one of my accounts. I am not looking for sympathy here but I am warning you that this games community is quite toxic at times.Technically the game could be better and that’s an understatement. The car is janky when driving it; there are still a handful of annoying exploits and Jason’s grab distance feels like it has the range of a ballistic missile half the time. The game needs some more paint and polish as the rust is already begging to bear.Would I recommend you buy this game?If you have the patience then yes. The game will go on sale or become cheaper. It will also have more content and from a technical standpoint be improved.I don’t believe that the game is worth the current price and there is simply not enough content to back it up.I am not saying Friday the 13th The Game is bad but you’ll probably enjoy the more updated version in the future than the current version, although if you do feel you want to buy it now you will find some fun to be had. It’s also more fun with a mic and a friend or two.Thank you for reading and I hope I could be of help.How to Kill Jason:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rHdZVEXvxns"
76561198059355061,Not Recommended,438740,34364549,Posted: 19 August,all,ABAP (Trump Sucks),"It's a really fun game, it really captures that horror movie feel, but I dont play it anymore due to fear of being banned by the developer's friends. So I cant recommend it right now."
,Not Recommended,438740,34313369,Posted: 17 August,all,WeebTaku101,Took 15 mins. to load a match and then lagged the whole time...
,Not Recommended,438740,32962141,Posted: 28 June,all,Syn,"Wait for a sale, game is unbelievably buggy and needs a ton of work.Over a month later and this game is still terrible."
,Not Recommended,438740,34154784,Posted: 10 August,all,Raven,"-Not worth for 40 dollars, Jason is way too strong,♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of bugs, Most of the people (russians especially.) are trying to teamkill you, need singleplayer.+Sometimes it's fun to play with friends"
76561198022597600,Not Recommended,438740,34908997,Posted: 12 September,all,Castigating,its♥♥♥♥♥♥dont waste ur money
76561198073937454,Not Recommended,438740,33383583,Posted: 8 July,all,NextGenAI,"♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ designers, the game is ♥♥♥♥ings unbalanced. This whole game is a scam, if you buy it you just waste $30. And ofc full of bugs and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ 10year old negros tryhard that just permastun you and teamkill"
,Not Recommended,438740,33323831,Posted: 6 July,all,Jim Brokov,"I followed this game for a long time and as soon as I did get to play it, I loved it. I didn't even really care that the servers had issues, I expected it. The issue came about when people started to abuse exploits and glitch the game. Team killers and Jason helpers were also a big problem. I was glad when the devs decided to crackdown on the issue; however, they cracked down way too hard. Permabanning people right and left for offenses that do not warrent a permaban. It was good to see glitchers and team killers go but with people being permabanned for ""saying mean things"" it really makes me never want to play this game. Harsh language online isn't something that I encourage, but it is a common occurance. You know how many times you have been call a ""f*****"" or an other variation. This is good, but a permaban is too harsh.One of the biggest issues to come out of this is that as of this review, there is not a single player mode. If you get banned, say goodbye to the $40 you spent on this. The only way to play after that is in a private match with friends and good luck with that. As of current I don't think there is a way to dispute a ban so when that 12 year old (who shouldn't be playing this game) gets made because you said something midly offensive, enjoy not playing the game that you paid for. This is a big step for the devs in my eyes and I lost a lot of respect for them.I am not banned, but I don't want to play in case I do get banned. I don't want to lose the game that I spent money on, yet I am too scared to play it. Not because Jason is after me, but because the devs and underaged gamers will come after me. As of now, I can and will not recommened this game. The devs are far too strict and at the rate they are going, I may get banned for this."
,Not Recommended,438740,33422657,Posted: 9 July,all,camp me daddy,"I get from 1 moment to the other deranked from FUC**NG LEVEL 23 to 0 I will get my Money back, but its to late I hate this game now SOOOOOOO FUC**NG HARD!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,438740,34079665,Posted: 7 August,all,Fumpig,"This game is only fun when you play Jason, which is 1/8 of your time playing. Playing as a Survivor involves walking around the camp unsatisfyingly checking drawers and cupboards, and hoping Jason doesn't happen to come across you. It feels very unpolished in general, with bugs, poor matchmaking, weird facial animations and no penalty for quitters.Try out Dead by Daylight instead, where you can not only choose your role, but it's fun* either way."
76561198176664747,Not Recommended,438740,34901942,Posted: 12 September,all,hambaleley yamballeyyo,"dont buy this f****** game the fu****** developers cannot even f****** make a single key functioning properly. In the VERY beginning it was not just like any other early access games, it has some bugs and malfunctioning issues ,yeah, but they were in acceptable range for an early access game. Then two updates came, 2.2 gb each, and everything got f****** f***ed up. my last game was about 5 mins ago and represents the highest breaking point i could only imagine it may exist. many of my commands didnt work unless i press the same button 5-6 times, almost half of every minute i play i suffered greatly from fps drop, my blocks (as jason) and attacks  (both as jason and counselor) didnt effect even though it was hit, and THE F****** OPTIMIZATION MUST BE WORK OF A    R E T A R D. DONT BUY THE F.UCKING GAME IF YOU VALUE YOUR PIECE OF MIND EVEN LITTLE BIT MORE THAN YOUR S.HIT."
76561198338104411,Not Recommended,438740,34416753,Posted: 22 August,all,Jiale,So u want to play friday? Well... Do u want instand deaths? Do u want teamkiller? Do u want usless noob kids? Than friday the game is for you! Jason is so ♥♥♥♥ing op. I go to the first house. no ♥♥♥♥ing items. I go to the next house. teamkiller. :D I go to the next house. Jason kill me instand death. Oh next game i found a battery and go to the car. 5 ♥♥♥♥ING TRAPS. JASON ARE U SERIOUS? RLY? ......... Next game jason focus me every time. He hate me. He  use all traps on a small house to kill me. GREAT GAME:D. The player are not friendly. first wort of a player... u are german right? i said yes. But he said GO AWAY ♥♥♥♥ING NAZI.PS: JASON STOP FOCUSING ME ♥♥♥♥ YOU
,Not Recommended,438740,34649067,Posted: 31 August,all,GamingBuddy Shane,Didn't really wanted to buy it mainly because I was scared of getting banned if I got to excited in the game as it seems people getting ban far to easy. Bought it anyway at the way overpriced price tag and played.First game I died within a minute of starting the game. That's okay I didn't know what I was doing.Second game we escaped easy as Jason player didn't want to kill us. That sucks but at least I learnt a few things.Third or forth game I was Jason. Fantastic this was fun except I couldn't bust down doors. People were telling me I have to walk away and then come back and try again. The players were good in giving me a chance. Killed all but one player.Some more games in I have a very young player that LOVES to screech in the mic. I can't say anything because again I spent 40 bucks and don't want to get banned. After some bugs and boring gameplay I had about 3 hours and asked and got a refund. Now I need to use that 40 bucks on another game. Any suggestions?
,Not Recommended,438740,31989151,Posted: 26 May,all,Burt,"I will just be honest here I am not the best at expressing my thoughts so this wont be the best review but its my reviewTL:DR Give it time before you buy to fix bugs, let it have itself a price drop, its fun but its got problems and I dont like the unlock system and finally hope it doesnt die fast.Edit: Some bugs seem to have been fixed and now the party system works so you can queue up with friends. While I do enjoy the game its gets very repetive fast but maybe due to the unlock system for characthers and jasons it makes this launch time dull with two jasons and about the same 4 counselors ive played with. Leveling up seems slow especially for how long some of the games go on for feels like ages waiting for it to end. I do need to play more though so maybe I am wrong and just bad and unlucky with expI am not a fan of the unlocking couselors and jasons, kils and random skills I think is fine for unlocks not characthers with different stats and abilities. I believe it should be simple you choose what jason you want to be and what counsolor you want to be or maybe the jason is random to keep it interesting. I want to have fun not grind for someone or specific jason I want to be, there is just something I dont like about leveling up to unlock people to play as kills my fun in online games unless they all had the same stats and were just reskins I could live with that probably. Needs more maps too.I want to like this game I do its fun for the most part its just boring when my choices are so limited to start and need to play for a long while to get cool things which are better that someone else will have and flaunt in front of me like what I do to my neighbor with my beautiful jeep wrangler a vehicle of true beauty and something his wife wont let him have. So with that mess of words I say wait and give it time to fix bugs and server issues and drop in price this game should be about half price irn my humble opinion but the world doesnt run on sunshine and they need to make money but eh lower the price. I still believe that this game was the reason my power went out and not the guy who hit the power line with his carIm gonna keep the review negative for a bit more till the bugs are gone and I can expierence what is locked out from me right now.Lets be honest we all want this game to last and be good who doesnt love Friday the 13th and the idea behind this game.Original: I got no clue how this game made it past any testing what so ever. its buggy as♥♥♥♥♥♥ party system does not work my level reset and my power went out among other things."
,Not Recommended,438740,33362202,Posted: 7 July,all,Daddy Dont Pull Out™,"I enjoy this game greatly, however you can enjoy a cheap IOS game as well, what im leading to is that this game currently isnt worth the $40, maybe $25. But what made me absolutely give this a negative review was the matter of the devs banning people without warnings. Some people deserve bans yes, but banning for minor 1st time offenses is uncalled for. So unless you hear any news about lowering the price and changes in the dev staff id steer clear from this game."
76561198353448443,Not Recommended,438740,34904260,Posted: 12 September,all,Allahusnackbar,"there is alot wrong with the game.1. people team up with jason and unlock doors for him and purposely get in the way of other team mates.2. some players purposely run over other players.3. there should be a server for each continent, like a american server and a asian server and so on so people can actually talk to there team mates instead of hearing a language they dont understand.4.there should be a easy way to report people who are cheating and get banned for a limited time upto 3 times or so then a perma-ban, but the game should have moderators that review the game and actually have proof of cheating.5. the game was wayyyyyyyy over priced compared to what your getting, there are games worth 20 dollars less that have way more content on it than this game. you have around four maps and then repeats of those maps in smaller forms.6. i feel like this game has an amazing opportunity to be addicting and played by tons of players but its not getting enough attention by developers as it needs."
,Recommended,438740,32079735,Posted: 31 May,all,WonderpRnch♥I.,"Aside from issues at the very beginning, this game has been a blast.Cost is a factor for a lot of people , but the game itself is awesome.Most part of complaints are from kids who don't understand the effort and time it takes to make this kind of game. Every game has had its share of issues. Let's appreciate what we have gotten and enjoy it.I feel like it is interesting to play as both. Obviously being Jason is more of a chill mode, but being counselor is also cool and if everyone can cooperate there is a pretty good chance that the largest portion of counselor team escapes. There will be haters and those who want to mess up game for anyone else. I have seen a lot of them already. Those people and every other who keeps hating on this game because mommy didn`t give the perfect candy in the time it was promised need to relax and enjoy the legendary Friday the 13th franchise in its new form - Friday 13th: The Game"
76561198126166192,Not Recommended,438740,35009337,Posted: 16 September,all,강간,"Took a break for two months, came back to try it outAlmost nothing new has been added game is not worth 40 bucks spend your 20 bucks on dead by daylight"
,Not Recommended,438740,34926611,Posted: 13 September,all,Heil The Blood God,"Friday the 13th: The Game has an overwhelming amount of issues both with and without glitches and bugs. It’s clear the game wasn’t ready to be released and should’ve been delayed so that some of the kinks could be worked out. The lack of a single player mode at launch is also very annoying due to the fact that the online portion of the game barely works. If you were planning on getting Friday the 13th, you should probably wait until the single player mode is added and until they can make the game at least somewhat playable."
76561198226910948,Not Recommended,438740,32115430,Posted: 1 June,all,2575856099,"As much as I love playing this game, however,for the following reasons I just can not give this game a positive rating.1. Jason can put traps under phone box or cars.Counselors need the phone or the cars in order to escape, so they have to step in the trap to fix them.And when counselors step in the traps, it notifies Jason. Then Jason can instantly teleport back to stop the counselors. This mechanic is just too ridiculous.( I recently learned that you can remove a trap with a pocket knife, so this mechanic appears less ridiculous now. However, Jason usually double trap the phone box, and for the car Jason traps the battery spot and gas spot, so there are two spots for the cars,it is very hard for counselors deal with all the traps with pocket knives.)2. It is too easy for Jason to stop the car, the exits are very narrow, Jason can teleport in the middle of the road, and there is very little space for the car to get pass Jason. Devs should really make the road broader.3. Many people just quit the match at the very beginning because they don't get to play as Jason. I get that Jason is fun to play with, but these people basically just screw every other players by doing that. Sometimes there are like only 4 people in a match instead of 8, this is the reason.Devs need to find some ways to punish these kind of behaviors.4. After you die or escape as a counselor, you have to wait for the rest of match to finish in order to gain EXP. I can already imagine if I have 1k hours count in this game, probably 500 of the 1k hours will be spent in waiting. This game is a real TIME WASTER."
,Not Recommended,438740,33740219,Posted: 23 July,all,Slander,"There is a problem with the game at the moment.  When you play as Jason and you grab a counselor to kill them, if they have no way out, they will quit the game in the middle of the kill animation and you get no credit for the kill.  This is a gamebreaking issue for me and I cannot recommend that anyone purchase this game until the devs come up with an acceptable solution.Another issue:  This game requires that the counselors communicate and work as a team to escape.  Most of the time this is impossible as I find myself in a lobby with foreigners who do not speak english.  It would be nice if we at least had the option to set our matchmaking to ""english only"" so you get matched with people you can communicate and work with."
,Not Recommended,438740,33962829,Posted: 1 August,all,commie doggo,"lemme tell u a thingthis game is super fun, you spend quality time away from your depression and demons and u get to be  chad which is kinda cool, but the price point for it is just as ridiculous as it gets. it's full of bugs, the team doesnt seem to care at all considering the last update has been in june, and apparently devs ban whoever they dislike because the rules are not at all well implemented\honestly its not that bad of a game but just buy it when its on sale, its barely worth 15 dollars as for now"
76561197991516822,Not Recommended,438740,33675721,Posted: 20 July,all,Diligent Diamond,"Buggy, too lopsided on Assymetrical gameplay, poor community of mostly hackers and griefers, too easy to cheat the game by working with friends in multiplayer and very poorly designed metagame of unlocking tapes that don't spawn after 400 hours of gameplay. Save your cash and see if this game ""makes it"" or flops. Also 6 man dev team so don't expect alot of progress on this."
76561198066762274,Not Recommended,438740,33700261,Posted: 21 July,all,Rozaros,"This game sucks, i bought it and it was broken. I mad umpteen posts on the forums and no answer back. I emailed the developers and they pretty much said ""were busy and cant help right now"" and 2 months later after Writing them again they still throw me off to the side. I DO NOT RECCOMEND! YOU MUGHT GET A BROKEN COPY!!! DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!"
76561198319112143,Not Recommended,438740,33693242,Posted: 21 July,all,gavenrios8,"Cant even play the game, Every time i try to launch the game it says launch the game it says launch error. please help."
76561198035867317,Not Recommended,438740,33916796,Posted: 30 July,all,Methus,"After 241 hours on this game I really did try to enjoy it, and at first, it was great. Unfortunately, there is a language barrier in some games and is a game that relies on coordination and teamwork this will most likely result in lost game.Then there are game bugs that have still not been addressed. Example, when counselors die their obtained items, can bug out on the ground unable to pick the items up.Jason can be instantly killed due to being hit by a melee weapon and knocking Jason out of the map or the ability to use Jason attacks or grab kills.And then there are the exploits like Jason in combat stance will break down a door faster than using primary melee attackand when you need to manage your stamina and need that little time to recover it while Jason break down a door only to have Jason break the door faster than it took you to close and bar it can be a bit unfair, Jason is already OP obviously being a killing machine but it's easy to win as Jason playing correctly.Lastly, the counselors working with Jason to hunt down other counselors take the fun and challenge from the game.There was a lot of Teamkilling early release and it still happens but less likely now because of the -1000 XP for doing so.This game works well if played with friends but in PUG games not so good."
76561197998465261,Not Recommended,438740,33772232,Posted: 24 July,all,Illuminatus,"I would like to give the game a neutral review. There isn't anything wrong with the mechanics of the game that I found. The problem is the player base. The two hours I played before returning it every match had problem players. The worst was a Jason yelling ""gargle my♥♥♥♥♥quot; and other♥♥♥♥♥♥references with every kill. Yelling ""♥♥♥♥♥♥"" and calling everyone ""gay"" throughout the match was also rampant."
,Not Recommended,438740,34007442,Posted: 3 August,all,a random kid,i got the game i have windows 10 it wont let me play it said DX11 level 10.0 is reqired to run cannnn someone helppppppp!@!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198065720302,Not Recommended,438740,33924198,Posted: 31 July,all,spookdor,"After playing a couple of hours i've come to the conclusion that this game is not fun. well, it is. But every match i play is either filled with guys with high ms or guys that dont speak english. The last time there was an update was a month ago, So there's still alot of glitches being used and nothing being fixed. i have experienced 0 hackers, But the scummy teammates are just as bad as them. So, I might update this review once a new update comes out, But now i just dont really like it.EDIT: i still do not like this game, the small maps allow the counselors to find parts way quicker and makes it really hard on jason, poor reporting system, still the same 1 update per month system and its really repetetive."
,Not Recommended,438740,33931328,Posted: 31 July,all,ToxicVideo,"Tried everything I could to find a match and fix the server issues, nope, can't fix it, sits in a lobby for over 20 mins, nothing... not a single lobby..."
76561198175084657,Not Recommended,438740,34120098,Posted: 9 August,all,armyofdarkness80,i love the game but the develepors are idiots who dont know how to let fans be fans they ban everyone i havent been banned yet but im going to be after this review because thier♥♥♥♥♥♥♥who only know how to ban people because they hurt thier egos they ban you for simpyley saying a bad word i woudent be surprised if they get sued and they should thier are people hear who are friends with the developers and will get you banned just beacuse they dont like you the comunity is the most toxic ive seen since five nights at freddys and the short story is these develpoers took a beloved game and ruiened it for everyone
,Not Recommended,438740,31983812,Posted: 26 May,all,Mike Zwo ง℘4ཞ´ʂƙƙ18ʝ,"not worth the price tag, it's just hide and seek and when you die fast you have to wait 20 minutes and do nothing.Roleplay is great sometimes tho and really entertaining"
,Not Recommended,438740,33479837,Posted: 12 July,all,Mrs Ninja,"The Award for the worst Cancer Game 2017 goes to: Friday the 13th!Congrats! *clapping Hands with bloody Babytears in my eyes*This Game is a complete waste of Money. Don't buy it - don't even think of buying this crappy Master Piece.It's not worth it, to be honest.I played it for almost 200 Hours. And it's awful. Never saw a Game with these bugs, with these massive salty Community. There exactly 0 Bugfixes, so many exploits, the horrible earbleeding intro, the Community that is pure Cancer, the horrible Graphic that looks like it's straight out of the Kindergarten and the huge amount of Bugs. Bugs are normal, but MAN there are Bugs everywhere! I mean, yeah the Hype was real, but now i wish i could refund this crap.Never had to dream about uninstalling a game before.I mean, the Devs. are just Human like you and me - but honestly - never saw someone who failed his job like this.Just do me a favor, don't buy it. It's not worth the Ragequits, the broken Keyboards, the Heartattacks and it's definitely not the Money worth!Never want to touch it again.And btw. thank you for killing the Sealmothers and making the babyseals crying bloody sad little Tears. </3"
76561198128799799,Not Recommended,438740,33950821,Posted: 1 August,all,MEATMANFTW,Friday the 13th is not worth a 40 dollar price tag and i feel like i have been abused by the developers. I really enjoyed the game but many launch issues and the matchmaking killed it. I shouldnt be playing with people who live in Russia or China when i live in North America. Content is lacking and at the time of this review i am waiting for the promised single player. I am a victim of preorder and i do not reccomend this game. The ban system is also rediculous and you cant even talk smack in an online rated M multiplayer game without receiving a ban.  If you want to play a fun survival horror game go play Dead by Daylight. The Devs here already got their money's worth they are done working on this game and are making some stupid zombie FPS game. The devs sold me an Early access game.
,Not Recommended,438740,33704145,Posted: 21 July,all,Diesel,"Pros:-The premise is great, hell it's a classic!-You can upgrade and modify your characters with perks-You can play cooperatively or as JasonCons:-VERY Repetative-Very few maps-Not enough communication methods or community-Not worth the $40.00US I paid for it.My girlfriend likes the game, it's great for someone who isn't a serious PC gamer, just for someone who is learning PC games."
,Not Recommended,438740,33942383,Posted: 31 July,all,Sauce_Boss,"In my experience its fun to play with friends, just online with people its glitchy and is a pi$$ take, mongoloid developers, wait til a steam sale its really not worth 20 dollars let alone 40 lol."
76561198227773264,Not Recommended,438740,33896789,Posted: 29 July,all,Oluwakanyinsola,Bans
,Not Recommended,438740,33617743,Posted: 17 July,all,Chris Hansen,"Well, i like this game so far, but the team killing is getting way out of hand. 3 out of 4 games i get team killed. FIX THIS!"
76561198073359479,Not Recommended,438740,34340456,Posted: 18 August,all,Vault,I can't even get to the main menu.
,Not Recommended,438740,35451328,Posted: 3 October,all,Layla V,"The game went from ""OMG i want it so bad"" and ""This is so much fun!"" to complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t in less than half a year of it's existence (in two months if counting when exactly it stopped being enjoyable).Cons:- constant bugsI am not even commenting on this matter, too much said by others already.- inability to set the volume on each independent playersSome players have such a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mic you can't hear even the slightest of what they are trying to say, some just don't know how to go to their mic setting and make it not so sensible and loud that you can't hear the game behind them at all. Also the mute button doesn't work from time to time, which especially s#cks when you get a radio-player with a super loud mic and constant annoying music.- not worth 40$Almost half a year passed and the only content which is not skins for characters they added during that time are only two additional maps. I am not counting the smaller maps because in-game they feel pretty much the same. You can also go on a scavenging hunt for Pamela Tapes now since the last update, but in order to get them you just have to play the game as you usually do and hope that you're lucky enough to find one. So far I've only found one that lasted around 15 seconds. If the so much promised singleplayer campaign will not be added by Haloween then I assume it never will be and the game was a total waste of money.- no playersThere is usually around 1-3k active players at any time of the day which doesn't sound too bad at first. But it comes as a massive problem when you stumble upon the biggest con of this multiplayer-only game, which is...- sh#tty communityWhen I bought this game, I expected it to be something that would get people to work together as a team, communicate with each other in order to let most of the people survive. At first it actually was this way and it didn't even feel bad to sacrifice yourself for the most players to survive. In current reality 30% of players are people who don't speak english, play only with each other and ignore or even purposefully ruin the game play for others; 20% of silent players (the least annoying part of players), which don't mess up others game expierience, yet do not communicate and never play in team, thus making the game pointless; 40% of people that randomly harrass everyone they want, swear and yell during the entire match, the majority of which are underaged kids (with F13 being an 18+ game), which also love to use any given opportunity to ruin your game and mood. And only the rest 10% are people who actually came there to play the game and enjoy it with everyone.Pros of the game:- It is well optimizedUntil the game got abandoned by the vast majority of players, the connection was always great even on my weak computer that wasn't meant to be a gaming computer in the first place. However, due to the lack of players, you might encounter lag from time to time when you get a host with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ internet and from hell knows where. Usually it's not crucial for the game though, just annoying.- Very fun to play with friendsThe more friends - the merrier. If you have the 6 of you minimum in a match you will have a ton of fun in a private lobby. If there's less of you, it will be easier to avoid or just ignore the annoying part of the community. Warning: It loses sense if as Jason you let your friends constantly escape. The game gets boring in less than three matches. At least just keep them as dessert.- GraphicsI personally love how the game looks and the fact that it looks great and is also well optimized at the same time is one of the reasons that actually made me buy a game with a price I usually find too expensive for myself.At this state the game seems pretty much dead. I personally think this game has a chance for a come-back if they add more various playable content (maps/characters/other gameplay features) and, most importantly, do some work affecting the player base (banning system, blacklists, decent moderating system, normally working mute and volume control). The so much promised singleplayer campaign will also make this playable for a few hours and might at least make it worth it's price.Let's see how soon at least some of the changes will happen and how long it will be until I change my review."
76561198057670636,Not Recommended,438740,34206735,Posted: 12 August,all,grumpyzimzum,Its fun if you have a group of 8. Its not if your using quick play. Devs are terrible too. Handing out bans if they get their feelings hurt and leaving the game for months as if their server issues were an excuse to take a vacation. Despite having 74 hrs in the game I cannot reccomend it in the slightest.
76561198055135676,Not Recommended,438740,33336427,Posted: 7 July,all,Patgar,"Allow me to put it out there, if it was available, I would put this review in the leaning negative side, not completely negative. The Devs really did themselves this time.P͟r͟o͟s͟The gameplay is for the most part good, if you know what you're doing you can easily dodge Jason and most of the time escape.The wide array of playable Jasons and Counselors helps, although some picks undefendable (cough cough Lachappa and Jason part 7)Alot of the people who use voip are genuinely funny, but ever since the harsh banning sytem started to punish people for saying ""mean words"" I've been seeing less and less of these players.The perk system was a definite improvement from the beta, allowing you to roll perks for improved stats, instead of having to pick from the set 13+ that were available.Playing as Jason is a whole lot of fun when you know what you're doing, killing salt piles can be a good stress reliever.C͟o͟n͟s͟Bugs, Bugs, bugs, I discover new ones constanly. I'm not going to drill them so hard for this one even though I should considering their not a triple A company.Playing a counselor is almost always not as fun as playing Jason and that is a large blow to the game, chances are everyone who you come across has their spawn preference set to Jason, because they know that's where the fun starts in the game.The Savini Jason (argueably the best Jason in the game) is exclusive to backers only. Meaning only the people who put their money up before the game was released has access to him... I'd say a good 70% of the time I'm in a lobby and the Jason picked is Savini Jason, at least 4 of the counselors leave the game... That's alarming.The game has a terrible excuse for a banning system, it's just God awful. At this point, I've reported AT LEAST 3 people all for the same reason of cheating (IMO it's one of the two things actually worth reporting, the other being helping Jason) Filed an email report and everything with two of them having video evidence, their steam ID, anything they could possibly need for punishing them... four days later I checked their bookmarked steam profiles and none of them have a game ban, but I've seen people who have been reported for using mean words get punished the day after. If the people you're trying to report are in any way friends with the devs, your report will be flat out ignored.After level 31, there is no point to the leveling sytem as you have unlocked everything there is to be unlocked, I'm at level 70 myself I wonder why I put in all of this work to get here as the reward is null. Every 10 levels or so you unlock a new color variation of whatever shirt/pants/ and shoes your counselors wears... yay, I worked 10 levels for a reskin. You recieve about 1000 CP for each level which is the equivelant to 2 perk rolls, 2 perks that I will more than likely have no use for and sell immediately. (Remember that 13,000 CP bonus we were given a few weeks back? I used it all on perk rolls, I ended up rolling about maybe 50 times in total since I would use the sold CP for new rolls, and only ended up keeping around 4 or 5)The player base is dying, and fast from the devs making asses of themselves and the people who want to play their game. If they want to make their game alot more enjoyable, they need to make the ""1 time offense gets you a permaban regardless of it being minor or major"" system a whole lot less rough (perhaps a 3 strike system unless it's cheating?) The game has dropped from a 5000 player average to a 2500 player average in only a matter of three weeks because the same stale gameplay is haunting the game. I'm not a DBD snob but the reason they keep their 6000+ player average is because they frequently release new content for their players. Wait for the game to drop price or release new content before you buy."
,Not Recommended,438740,33381028,Posted: 8 July,all,BravoCheeseCake,THEY DEVELOPERS ♥♥♥♥ YOU IN THE♥♥♥♥♥SO IF UR GONNA BUY THIS GAME MAKE SURE YOU HAVE A ANTIRAPE CONDOM!
76561198072510905,Not Recommended,438740,33326792,Posted: 6 July,all,Emma From Telemarketing,"if i had to write a review about this game the first thing that would come to mind would be ""i literally hate this game"""
,Not Recommended,438740,31987497,Posted: 26 May,all,Kaya Orsan,No servers.
,Not Recommended,438740,33320054,Posted: 6 July,all,Cappy McLovin,"After 2 minutes, get into lobbyServer is in RussiaJoin gameBe ChadWalk outsideSee 3 other peopleAll 3 surround and beat me to deathNext gameJason kills me fair and squareJust stares at guy filling up carLets him get inLets him leaveBe JasonEveryone leaves 30 seconds after the game starts"
,Recommended,438740,31980838,Posted: 26 May,all,NIN420,"Before you decide not to buy this game, keep in mind most negative reviews are from day 1 launch and the servers have been overloaded so people have had problems logging in (me included). This is still a great game and these issues should be expected, they are working on the issues as we speak and soon all will be well.People are complaining about the lack of content, well if you can play this and find a playthrough the same as the first, you are amazing. You will never have the same play through, something always comes up, and sometimes you get lucky. Single player is going to be added soon, and more content is on the way so don't fear.If you try this game out, you will shriek, laugh, and get your heart pounding.For an added bonus to the game, be sure to play too many cooks while hunting down people as Jason, adds a great effect. :D"
76561198354381805,Not Recommended,438740,33570868,Posted: 15 July,all,StelthShadow1,its a meh game i refunded it...
76561198080457054,Not Recommended,438740,33823114,Posted: 26 July,all,Aldwin,"Why the Devs are selling a broken game for 40 bucks is beyond me. Fun at first, but then as the unfair grabs and game breaking glitches begin to pile up the game simply becomes frustrating to play."
76561198003308890,Not Recommended,438740,33526064,Posted: 13 July,all,raquelambersantiago,"WHile i loved the original movies and was praying that this game would pay homage to the entire F13 Genre i was and continually am disappointed.  The grapics are subpar, there are too many bugs and exploits in the game and few if any moderators on the forums.  Hate and nasty comments run rampant in chats before game, during game and after and spread toxicity through-out the forums.  That said, their lack of good updates makes this game practically unplayable for many people.  Until such time as devs get their heads out of the clouds and back into the game i do not recommend.  At the time of this review they done a horrible disservice to the genre and the game franchise in total.Edit:  So the number of players in game has dropped dramatically, i guess my original review was pretty much on point.  Now, if you like Friday the 13th then they have said there is going to be a single player mode added which I will play.  I am not going anywhere, still playing but desperatly hoping that they continue to try to update this game and bring to diehard F13 fans what we want in a F13 game.  Im holding out hope that when this game is complete i will be able to change my reivew to YES>"
,Not Recommended,438740,33510945,Posted: 13 July,all,UGotGlocked,"Too many game breaking glitches. The team attempts to fix them slowly, but now the frame rate drops from 60 down to 40 consistently. It's actually unplayable, in a whole new light."
,Not Recommended,438740,34587070,Posted: 29 August,all,Wes Is Thicc,"I loved this game at launch, I had it preordered and I spent quite a bit of time screwing around and having fun when it first came out, since then I just tried coming back to the game and boy has it gone down hill, in an attempt to nerf some little tricks Jason used before to speed up breaking windows or doors, you're locked into 1 animation, sounds good, except it doesn't always work, I've had many games where Jason was unable to break down doors because some of his hits wouldn't register, so survivors just camped that house until 20 minutes were up. This game has become such a dissapointment because I really liked it before, if they fix these issues (and stop messing it up by drastically changing gameplay mechanics) I'll change this review to positive in a heartbeat.(P.S RIP Thick Skinned perk, you will be missed pre-nerf) :c"
76561198389876266,Not Recommended,438740,34593011,Posted: 29 August,all,Ranger,"This game a gone down in quality since the launch, the amount of bugs take away a lot of the feel and the so called ""New Maps"" are just smaller versions of the bigger maps while also giving the killer a huge advantage. I have a lot of great moments playing this game with friends and too see it become this is sad."
76561198214054577,Not Recommended,438740,34128229,Posted: 9 August,all,collinisawesome4,my game wont work everytime i try to start the game it does not work i am mad at gun media.
76561198024473521,Not Recommended,438740,34621071,Posted: 30 August,all,darkronald96,"Thanks to the new update you can not damage your team members with your weapon or get damaged by other team members with a weapon!!This Patch/update just made me feel like i was playing a cheap copy of the game itself.before the patch/update the game always gave me like a survival feeling, because you always have to look out because people in the game can betray you (like in real life)!!after this patch i really regret that i paid 40 euros for this gamei hope they put teamkilling "" on"" again!after the update off 27 august 2017 i would not reccomend you play this game"
76561198362585300,Not Recommended,438740,34864871,Posted: 10 September,all,clannad,"This game new update create many bug , I think fist play is good game,bug now this game is too bad"
76561198043594057,Not Recommended,438740,33350599,Posted: 7 July,all,Tsundude,"Pros: Fun if you know what you are doing whether it's trolling Jason, or completing objectives.  People can be fun to talk to as well if they are good at role-playing or just okay to talk to in general.Cons: Glitchy game where Jason can grab you even if you are far away from his grasp,  Map issues where players can abuse it to be unkillable unless by another counselor with a weapon and not Jason.  Team killing where friends team up with Jason where Jason leaves them the last one to be alive so they can waste the remainder 20 minutes of the match for people spectating or forced to leave so they lose XP as they get their own XP going on.  Not fun if you get a bunch of people who doesn't know objectives or trolling Jason.  Toxic people who exist in game because they got screwed  over by someone or something before they came into the match or during.  DEVs will permaban without warning if you are caught doing something you didn't know you can do.Overall rating 5/10  TL;DR Until the game is fixed and people who are idiots whether it's kids or adults understand that this is suppose to be a fun game for everyone and not just for themselves or their buddies then go buy a different game."
,Not Recommended,438740,34275177,Posted: 16 August,all,Niv,"In theory, this game could have been awesome. But this has been released for way too long for this game to still be this buggy with ban crazy devs that are either too lazy to fix the game or don't care because they're working on the next game and extremely low chances for the consulors to win the game.TLDR - Game sucks now. Try something else."
76561198092634572,Not Recommended,438740,34300462,Posted: 16 August,all,QQEQQ,"too much bugs and glitchs, only 3 maps. not a single patch for moneths . not worth the money .edit: after the patch.....even more glitchs like the car flips over, happened three times already. and when jason picks someone up, even if i hit him in time, he still wont let go.....this happens too often.the small maps are inbalance. by the time jason gets his shift, the car is fixed or police is called."
76561197990443226,Not Recommended,438740,33844460,Posted: 27 July,all,Flexarn420,Have 90 hours in this game i and really liked it but the devs don care about the game radio silence from their site. No patches and bugfixex that are needed! Really think before you buy im a really friday the 13 movie fan but im still feeling ripped.
76561198294610027,Not Recommended,438740,33576875,Posted: 15 July,all,ZAKTHEMANIAC,boring as all hell never buy this game
,Not Recommended,438740,34061964,Posted: 6 August,all,Urah-Kai,"Started out wiht good hype. Game is really have finished. Wether this be the inclusion of teh single player(I know they didnt reach the goal but HAVE said it would be implemented) or take it the amount of bugs and glitches. The games mechanics are poor and so are the updates to fix things.  The devs are a whole different story running the Fourth Reich. All I'll say is that you better not upset any friends of the devs, and not say anything in the voice chat because there totally isnt a mute feature that people can use INSTEAD OF PERMA BANNING PEOPLE> JESUS GUYS. WHEN YOU BAN THESE PEOPLE ITS JUST  WASTE. THERE ISNT ANYTHING ELSE TO THE GAME. YOU JUST LOOSE MORE POPLE FROM PLAYING IT. ITS A WASTE OF 40$ FOR TEH PLAYER. THIS GAME SHOULDNT EVEN BE 20$. breathe.breathe. breathe.Yea so anyways. This game had hype for the gamemode and thats it. I wish I could refund this game. The game is 80% hardcore players reporting noobs because they dont know how to play. and teh rest 20% people gltiching and exploiting bugs that the devs seem to refuse to fix* Also I've heard that people who have given bad reviews have gotten banned for things. So basically, people who give a bad review are liek stranded reporters in a dictatorship coup trying to tell everyone. smh.EDIT* Just want to say these are my opinions of the game. Does not mean they are facts. So take it as you will/"
76561198021609320,Not Recommended,438740,34997875,Posted: 16 September,all,Vargas,Apart from what the other negative reviews said the game has massive FPS drops for many people since the 28th August update. It went from running well on high settings to being near unplayable even on low most of the time. Save your money and frustrations until they fix this game.
,Not Recommended,438740,32141745,Posted: 2 June,all,Bourbon,"It's a TON of fun for the first while. You usually get Jason a lot in your first day or so playing, and fighting him is fun during that time to.But then you get Jason less and less and less, until you're basically a survivor every time. And when you DO get Jason, the game's true issues start in.People leaving, the game crashing, etc. the one time you get to be Jason blows. I'd rather que up as Jason and wait 20 minutes than constantly get lobbies where I'm a survivor with a 1/5 chance of Jason killing me before I can get/find anything. 1/5 since at least 2 people probably left already.There's only three maps and two are basically the same. For the first 10 hours you're fine since spawns are ALWAYS different, but after a while you recognize each individual house on the map and know where every drawer is. It gets old too quickly, which is a shame was when it was new it was truly a blast.The game can actually be very scary, with the music and atmosphere, I wont deny screaming one time. This was a surprise to me as I expected a silly A symmetrical multiplayer wank fest, which I still got a lot of, but the game can definitely and does definitely work as horror.And as said about the game's issues.. animation issues, some texture issues, bugged houses showing survivors in them when there aren't any, the game crashing randomly when you use shift as Jason, etc.And 7/10 lobbies you get put into has every player at 200+ ping.. how does that work?It's a really fun game for a while with serious potential, but not worth the price tag and not worth the current state, unless it's the only state, which case still not worth the price.tl;dr if you're okay with $40 for about 10 hours of interesting fun in a multiplayer match, sure. If you expect longevity or like games without any bugs, no!"
,Recommended,438740,32055649,Posted: 29 May,all,Lord of Cookies,Is a Really good game+butts+dead+dead+dead+escape+call the cops and die+bloodThis game is really cool i don't understand why people hate this game maybe because they have a patato computerMan you guys did a awesome work on this game i recommend it to all my friends10/10 would die again<3 <3 <3Love it
76561198083331024,Recommended,438740,31967926,Posted: 26 May,all,Mad Dog Tannen,Teleported in front of someone and scared them so bad that they quit the game.
76561198014097403,Not Recommended,438740,34052930,Posted: 5 August,all,Palorian,"Played this game for about a total of 5 hours ish.... worst design of a game. If you die, you have to sit there and wait for the game to finish, which could be up to 15-20 mins. At low levels its really hard to run away from jason, and they pair you up with high lvl characters that have good abilities as jason. My first game i played as a survivor, and the jason was a lvl 31 player.... everyone died in less than 7 mins.... wasnt fun at all"
76561198068285964,Not Recommended,438740,32211800,Posted: 5 June,all,red,"After playing sometime of this game I can say that it is definitely not worth 40 dollars wouldnt say its even worth 30 dollars. This game still needs a lot of work done for it to be called a good game. First of all there is only 3 maps that look the exact same and dont feel any different than the others. The maps are not open enough and dont even have a spooky vibe to them at all. Not to mention half of the time you dont know if Jason is actually near you becuase the music changes randomly at any time. I mean seriously the music is like a bipolar ten year old. Dont even get me started about the animations Jason's grab animation is god literally nothing can stop him from grabbing you. You could hit this man with a bulldozer and he would still be able to grab you. I get that Jason is suppose to be overpowered since hes Literally Jason Vorhees, but when hes near you there is nothing you can do unless god has graced you with the luck of finding a pocket knife. If you dont have a pocket knife you're ♥♥♥♥ed. Its almost impossible to break out of his grabs because he can instantly just choke you to death. This game has potential but whoever was the one that decided its good enough to sell for 40 dollars should be sold to slavery for 40 dollars."
,Not Recommended,438740,34319950,Posted: 17 August,all,KPS_,"this game is absolute garbage. Buggy, Laggy, and has zero spook factor"
,Not Recommended,438740,34610768,Posted: 30 August,all,hachachin,Great idea but poor commitment from the devs to their game
,Not Recommended,438740,34854566,Posted: 9 September,all,Purple Sea Cow,fun for first 2 matches till you start to see the issues and it keeps  getting worse
,Not Recommended,438740,33532531,Posted: 14 July,all,LordZ,Nope.
76561198303040217,Not Recommended,438740,34567994,Posted: 28 August,all,Eternalfear,It was the best game I ever played that stared Jason. truely it was fun hour upon hours of gameplay with friends but after this update I can't even play this game without getting sad. It lost so much even the intro looked like roblox decided to make it so after all this. I have to rate this great game as a crappy one due to a bad update that put poor jason down for good
,Not Recommended,438740,31968909,Posted: 26 May,all,Sold out Shows,"If you are a fan of Dead by Daylight you will be dissapointed in this game.Very minimal tutorial, things like music cues, visual cues not explained. This game is NOT newbie friendly.Frustrating speed in which survivor's can move at compared to Jason's two different teleportations and all seeing eye.Lack of variety for $40, 3 maps, 10 odd survivors etc.Overall avoid until more content and or better tutorial/mechanics."
,Not Recommended,438740,32268722,Posted: 8 June,all,Ulkrah,its a good game but buggy as hell and way to over priced for the amount of content wait for a sale.also jason can block almost every defence even things like fircrackers making it impossible to escape even a intermediate jason player
,Recommended,438740,32022932,Posted: 28 May,all,Nobushixx,"I've noticed a lot of people voting down for the price, and I completely get that. But the game itself is amazing. There's so many things to do and you challenge yourself everytime. It's also fun playing with friends. I'm not a person who has a lot of money and stuff, but I myself think it's definitely worth the hype! I'm in love with this♥ R.I.P Dead By Daylight. You've been replaced."
76561198364841483,Not Recommended,438740,34830575,Posted: 8 September,all,Bread Winner,Do not buy
76561198303076920,Not Recommended,438740,34311140,Posted: 17 August,all,lucas1 is my meth dealer,OVERPRICEDOnly fun with friendsBugsGets boring fast even with friends
,Not Recommended,438740,32034538,Posted: 28 May,all,Money/トラビス,"I had a lot of hopes for this game; I logged a lot of hours into Dead by Daylight and saw this was essentially similar. I got to play the game for a few hours before the servers had the major issues (which at the time of this review have still yet to be fixed).The first three hours of this game were so much fun; playing as Jason and the counselors was very enjoyable. However, after the three hours passed,  I noticed that that feeling of fun was not really there anymore. The game feels more based around RNG rather than skill: I have had games where I escape in about 2 mintues because the other counselors and I spawned on a car part and was able to leave immediately. I should also add that cheating is very easy (and entertaining too). Revealing where your teammates are to your teammates is very easy, and there is not a solution to fix this problem (there probably will not be a solution to this). I should also add that combat is a bit strange and is not really responsive, but I assume that the devs will work on that problem.I will say, they nailed the atmosphere of the movies well, and the fans of the movies will not be disappointed with the design of the characters, levels, etc. However, the steep price of $40 is not worth this even if you are a fan of the series.I would be surprised if a lot of people still play this after they resolve the issues that are occuring, people seem to not be happy with the amount on content in accordance with the price. I agree that the price is very expensive for the content offered.The only good point I have left to say is that the devs are currently working on the problems that are happening right now, and that additional content will be available in the future. But currently, I can not recommend this."
76561198367809914,Not Recommended,438740,32100237,Posted: 31 May,all,marcossalas123m,I love the effort that you put into the game but im experiencing a few problems the game is loading and running but everytime I try to join a game I get stuck on the loading screen no matter how well my internet connection is I want to give this game a good review so could you please help me solve this problem
,Not Recommended,438740,33472066,Posted: 11 July,all,KkRoTT87 !,ping is so high... dedicated server??????? it's a joke!
76561198151299081,Not Recommended,438740,33466817,Posted: 11 July,all,PEPE4EVER,I can't believe I payed 40 bucks for this game. Skip out on this one until it comes down to below 15 bucks. They give you such little content it is laughable.
76561198092107762,Not Recommended,438740,33377442,Posted: 8 July,all,Wisp,very poopy
,Not Recommended,438740,33768022,Posted: 24 July,all,ShortWolf,"I owned this game for about 2 hours, glad i got a refund.sorry but dead by daylight much better mechanics, for the price, if this game cost less it may have retained my interest, but to be honest this game was not ready to be released, they need to fix many performance / game issues.and the good things about the game, they were headed in the correct direction, the graphics were beautiful so was the death animations, if they were to make the game like dead by daylight, and fix the game breaking bugs, the game would be a winner, but the price is still too expensive!"
,Not Recommended,438740,33709871,Posted: 21 July,all,Ooh Eeh Ooh Ah Aah Ting Tang,i actually like the game but the reason i am giving it a thumbs down is the damn leavers. if they aren't jason they leave immediatly or if the killer catches them they leave while the animation continues so the jason doesn't get the kill. Like the last game 5 people left the game when they saw they weren't jason. And as far as i see it the developers doesn't give a single ♥♥♥♥ about this situation and until they fix this♥♥♥♥♥♥and make this game fun to play again my review is negative
,Not Recommended,438740,33774600,Posted: 24 July,all,XxGUCCIBABExX,pretty bland gameplay.
76561198036699945,Not Recommended,438740,33894399,Posted: 29 July,all,Feldmarschall Radetzky,"Played 40+ games since last patch, never got a single chance to be jason. And I do have the prefered side set to be Jason."
76561198021881987,Not Recommended,438740,33754282,Posted: 23 July,all,Kinetichero,Too many idiots playing the game at the moment. A lot of game throwing going on.That is not the only issue. Jason glitches out when the boat is near rocks and can leap onto it and stop you from yards away. You can also stun Jason by hitting him through a door while he is trying to break it down. That seems a bit odd.
76561198185184163,Not Recommended,438740,33795577,Posted: 25 July,all,ThermosGaming,"Okay so this is a tough review because I really do enjoy this game a lot just stick through the entire review and you'll understand why I have criticized the game in the way that I did.Okay, so first off the graphics. No a game like this is not supposed to have great graphics and no Friday the 13th most definitely does not have that good of graphics but at the same time I'm not going to complain. The graphics may be a little on the bad side sometimes but nothing is funnier than Chad's face at the beginning of the game. I can't say much about this game as it was all funded mostely by backers so of course it isn't going to have AAA graphics.The gameplay of Friday the 13th is fun, don't get me wrong. It is extremely fun to knock out a Jason who is chasing you down and gives you a sense of accomplishment when you are actually beating a Jason in combat. Now, there is no better feeling of killing Jason. It is extremely hard to do but after you do it for your first time you will feel invincible. Now I also have a decent amount of complaints for this games gameplay and only because there are a lot of bugs and the framerate is very low sometimes for what the game is.The audio is good, its not the best but it has a lot of sounds and music from the movies and it is very nostalgic and the voices are okay so not to much to complain about here.Now this is something completely new for my reviews... I honestly have a hard time playing this game for a long periods of time. The gameplay gets stale for me and there is nothing more boring than playing a game and having the Jason sit in a corner and sing to himself while he lets you escape (this happens quite a bit for me). Also the lobbies have a major problem and I always end up having bad ping except for the rare time when I'll have 40 ping which is the absolute lowest I've seen anyones ping out of any of my games.To be hoenst I love this game... and I also hate it. The game is fun and it has a high replay value but at the same time with so many issues that they should have just held the launch back, I honestly can't recommend this game. All in all I give this game a 6/10 and it comes very close to getting a recommendation, but it's not quite there... yet. I honestly believe that soon this game will deserve a thumbs up but for now with the little to no updates that come out I can't give it a thumbs up until it comes out with an update for all of the stupid glitches and bugs that this game has. Now with that said I do fully believe that this game will come back with an update (hopefully soon) that makes it the game that I think most of us were expecting and hoping it would be."
76561198156226484,Not Recommended,438740,34090704,Posted: 7 August,all,PokeCM,"I think this game is fun as a counselor, BUT, being jason can really suck. If all the counselors gang up it is literally impossible to win as jason. You're telling me Jason, the giant murdering monster, can be stunned by being hit one time with a bat? I'm calling bull♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,438740,31974244,Posted: 26 May,all,Zombie,"Evreything I was expecting. This game so far is insane, only negative point is the price. But again for a game that only has multi player it's worth it so far.Yesteday we had issue to play mutliplayer with friends and the devs already fixed it.They are always bugs in a game, and so far they are fixing them as fast as them appear. Will update this if the devs stop helping us. But so far, so good."
,Recommended,438740,31999478,Posted: 27 May,all,The Horror Network | Embalmer,"Friday the 13th, the iconic slasher horror franchise that spawned in the 80's has been given a new breath of life with a game that exceeded its Kickstarter goal of $700,000 by more than $123,000. Of course, this doesn't include the plethora of money that the developers received from other backer sources, such as by selling exclusive digital skins, soundtracks, and art books. It's disturbingly shocking that we haven't seen an actual Friday the 13th game until now, sans the terrible NES game that no one really cared for.By the time I reached the tender age of 10, I had already seen every Friday the 13th movie that had come out. When I was 12, my father took me to see Jason X in theatres. IknowJason, from the body counts, to the kill techniques, to the men that portrayed him in the films. Kane Hodder is (biasedly) the greatest actor to portray Jason, beginning his masked career in the series with Friday the 13th Part VII: The New Blood, and ending with Jason X as his last performance. I mention this because the man himself did all of the motion capture for Jason, and it shows... remarkably so. This is no limp♥♥♥♥♥♥Jason, he is a frightening powerhouse waiting to mutilate any counselor that stands in his way. Although the counselors themselves are fairly lackluster and generic in their appearances, Jason is lavishly detailed, as are the landscapes which are littered with references from the movies.There are a total of 10 counselors to pick from, each with their own strengths and weaknesses in terms of stats; stamina, stealth, speed, luck, composure, and intelligence. Their shirts, pants, and shoes can all be customized so long as you've met the level unlock requirement, and the same goes for the counselors themselves; some do not unlock until level 8, 13, 31, etc. Randomly rolled perks can be added by spending earned ""customization points"" (CP), though each one comes with one positive and one negative aspect as well. They are also divided into poor, common, uncommon, rare, and epic.Counselors have multiple ways to escape from Jason, including finding the battery, keys, and gas to power one of two cars, a battery and gas for a speedboat, calling in the police by repairing the phone fuse box, or by (not so) simply running to one completely out of the way exit. They can also defend themselves with various weaponry, such as hatchets, machetes, wrenches, pipes, a shotgun, and baseball bats. The kicker is, they can either carry a weapon or a repair part at any given time. However, they also have 3 inventory slots for car keys, distraction items such as firecrackers, first-aid spray, and useful pocket knives that in the event one is grabbed by Jason, they can stick him with the knife to stun him and run free. Counselors can also hop through windows to enter cabins, barricade doors to slow Jason down, hide in closets and under beds, and find walkie-talkies to communicate over long distances, otherwise communication is limited to nearby counselors.There are 6 different Jasons that can be unlocked via leveling up. Each version has the same four talents which are shift, sense, stalk, and morph. Shifting allows Jason to move to any location on the map at any given time, stalking allows him to be invisible, sense shows Jason any nearby counselors in red including turning any inhabited cabins red, and morphing gives Jason super speed in order to catch up to a counselor. On top of these skills, each version of Jason has a different weapon; hatchet, spear, the infamous machete, etc. The CP can be used to unlock new executions for Jason, which range from many iconic kills such as the eye gouge, dismemberment, and the spine rip. Per Jason version, there are also three special executions due to the different weapons he uses. Although difficult, Jason is not immortal and can be killed, but I won't detail that here due to spoilers.Right now, there are some major issues that need to be sorted out. As a counselor, if you go to strike Jason with a weapon, more often than not he will just grab you; it's almost always a futile attempt unless the shotgun is in play, the grab box is massive. I have also seen people hit him dead-on, but miss anyway. If counselors make a lot of noise, it's easy for Jason to pinpoint where they are at all times even without using the sense ability, and hiding in a closet or under a bed is almost always a waste of time. There's also an issue with cars just randomly flipping for no reason, even if a player hasn't run in to Jason (which should just stall the car anyway), meaning that all the work was for nothing and there's even less chance of survival afterward. Even though it's at the bottom of the list, the achievements also do not work.Another huge problem that needs to be fixed is that while playing as Jason, you can hear nearby counselors talking via the in-game voice system; most people don't know this, and I'll probably get insane down-votes from Jasons that take advantage of this. You can listen to them conspiring about what method they will use to escape, if they're telling each other where they're hiding, everything. This gives yet another unfair advantage to Jason when he is already extremely powerful. Needless to say, if he has you in his sights, your chances of survival are slim-to-none since you will most likely either run out of stamina, or he will just morph/shift to you.As far as leveling up and CP go, the level cap is 100 and each level grants the player 500 CP. Right now, earning experience points (XP) to level up is lackluster to say the least. When playing as a counselor, the game grants 500 XP for simply sticking out the match whether you live or die. Barricading doors, repairing vehicles, causing distractions, and damaging Jason give 5-50 XP at best. If someone simply wanted to grind levels, they wouldn't necessarily have to play the game at all; there is no survival bonus or incentive for even playing other than wanting to have fun.  Another downside is the fact that there are only three maps right now. Granted, they are fairly large with a plethora of areas to explore, and there are only so many locations that suit Friday the 13th, but perhaps in the future we will see a Manhattan map or even some Jason X content.Even though Friday the 13th: The Game has a large bundle of negative aspects and problems already, the core of the game is far more in-depth and much less repetitive than Dead By Daylight. To end on a good note, the optimization here is phenomenal and on my i7 6700k/GTX 1080 combo I never dipped below 90 FPS at any given time. Getting in to a match is also a lot faster, especially in comparison to the beta, with the average time being about 2-3 minutes at the absolute worst. Though you can pick your spawn preference (counselor/Jason/neutral), you cannot queue individually as Jason or counselor, so take that for what you will. The developers have promised a patch soon to fix the current party system problems, and hopefully some other things as well. I'll keep this updated when larger developments arise, but until then even with its bugs and unfair mechanic problems, it's good, solid, slasher fun that has a single-player mode coming in the summer of 2017.Rating:4.5/5.0- Excellent, highly worth playing.The Horror NetworkCurator|GroupClick for Gore"
76561198068492288,Not Recommended,438740,34081125,Posted: 7 August,all,Dead Soul,Perks doesn't work that sucks
76561198028805789,Not Recommended,438740,34384418,Posted: 20 August,all,Weegie,"Was alot of fun for about a month, but the many glitches, single player never being released as promised, makes me not recommend this game.  I am pretty sure this game was left for dead.  And this is hard for me to say being im a huge friday the 13th fan."
76561197999793441,Not Recommended,438740,34436821,Posted: 23 August,all,Zero MMR,"Extremely unfinished game, very poor community managers that hand out game bans like they're candy, Devs that turned their backs on Kickstarter funders and never gave certain rewards, Still no singleplayer component, and dev buds and streamers are above the banning rules. It's Yogventures all over again."
,Recommended,438740,31997805,Posted: 27 May,all,SuperDave3000,"There are people leaving negative reviews for this game due to connection / 0 day issues which isn't really fair. I was able to find a group of people and play for 6 hours straight last night and had 0 issues with bugs, disconnects, lost progress or anything like that.Sure the game is a little weak in content at the moment for a 40 dollar price tag (aside from the endless amount of customization you can do to the counelors via the perk system), but they are adding a single player campaign soon and have plenty of other maps they could possibly make in the future. The lore this game is pulled from is rich in locations.Don't count this game out because of the negative reviews you see as you're hearing the vocal minority. The people who do enjoy the game and aren't having any issues with it are too busy killing / surviving and having fun to post a review."
76561197979300512,Not Recommended,438740,33421821,Posted: 9 July,all,[DH]One,Played less than an hour and the game won't let me login to play now.  Offline mode doesn't work so what a POS game.  Waste of money.
76561198085117290,Not Recommended,438740,34183586,Posted: 11 August,all,Repkoto,♥♥♥♥♥game
,Not Recommended,438740,33991066,Posted: 3 August,all,Blacky,"OS: Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 10Processor: Intel Core i3-530 (2 * 2930), AMD Athlon II X2 270 (2 * 3400)Memory: 4096 MB RAMGraphics: GeForce GTX 650 Ti (1024 MB), Radeon HD 7770 (1024 MB)DirectX: Version 11Network: Broadband Internet connectionStorage: 4 GB available spaceRECOMMENDED:OS: Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 10Processor: Intel Core i3-3240 (2 * 3400), AMD Athlon X4 860K (4 * 3700)Memory: 6144 MB RAMGraphics: GeForce GTX 750 Ti (2048 MB), Radeon R9 270X (2048 MB)DirectX: Version 11Network: Broadband Internet connectionStorage: 4 GB available spaceUNREAL ENGINE 4 ?Then Why I have 30 fps on Low ?When I HAVE better specs then recomendedROFL"
76561198366983719,Not Recommended,438740,34017541,Posted: 4 August,all,iliaspantazis73,launch errors
,Not Recommended,438740,34179224,Posted: 11 August,all,Mr Fash Man Kickass,It's all fun and games until the devs do♥♥♥♥♥♥like banning people♥♥♥♥♥♥talking or removing team killing. Then it's♥♥♥♥♥♥bin game. No fun allowed?
76561197977700720,Not Recommended,438740,33785651,Posted: 25 July,all,SaelimHD - Twitch,"not worth the 40 bucks, maybe 15 bucks. gameplay is pretty stale."
,Not Recommended,438740,31972359,Posted: 26 May,all,#Pajter#,"1.Game is playable after 10h2.Some people tryharding if they get Jason3. FULL OF BUGS, you get stuck on some spots.4. Less Maps5.AntiMates without Microfon6. You die the most, no matter of your perks / lvl7.Characters walking like on the moon , with the Gravity after they become injured-------------------------------------------1.Funny Kill Animations2.Great Game with Friends3.Great Jason Design3/10 so far . keep going guys"
,Not Recommended,438740,34072707,Posted: 6 August,all,jonnyallen3,"I'm going to start this review off by saying, this game is quite fun. I've enjoyed every hour I have played so far. You can tell that the developers put in a lot of effort and heart to bring this project to life. I'm still in regret that I didn't back the project when I had the chance. However, there is one solid reason that I can't recommend this game at this current moment, and we shall get to that.Gameplay is very solid. A bit choppy at times, and there are bugs, but gameplay is very good nonetheless. You either play as a counselor, attempting to escape from the camp, or Jason, with which your mission is to slaughter every counselor invading your precious land. This game is a great time, and I have some good times and memories in my 200 hours.However, there are some strong issues that the devs are yet to address. First of all, Jason is way too overpowered at higher levels. All he has to do is shift and press a button, if you don't have a glorious pocket knife on hand, and bam, you're dead. Jason can block your attacks, which is something that a pro Jason will do all the time. Hitboxes on Jason are stupid small, as you have to be kissing him for a melee attack to register on him and stun him if you're lucky enough for whatever melee weapon you have. There are other issues with balance at the moment.One huge issue is that you CANNOT pick who to be. You will be randomly chosen to be a counselor, or Jason. I have mixed feelings about this because on one hand, it makes being Jason awesome and a cool opportunity. On the other, for most people, they will be someone they don't want to be. This will cause some people to leave at the beginning of the game, and diminish the experience for those remaining in the lobby. People don't receive any penalty for leaving a game early, so people will quit mid kill just to spite Jason, as Jason will not get any points for this.Permanent game bans are also running rampant. Devs will ban players for violating their TOS they have posted in the forums, and on reddit. There are stories, reviews, and videos about the devs banning people just for being friends with certain people who want certain people to be banned, and without any proof. You will be banned for exploiting any in game glitches. You will be banned if you team with Jason and assist him in any way. I personally don't like to dive too deep into something I don't know the full story about. Personally, I have♥♥♥♥♥♥talked people, and I have not been banned. The devs need to tread carefully, as they are possibly hurting the relationship with their consumers.My main reason for not recommending this game, is the price. The devs have promised a Single Player mode in the future, but that's the future, not now. Currently there are few Jasons, there are only 3 maps, and 1 mode. This is not worth the asking price of $40. Developers of any game need to realize, it is NOT OKAY to charge for what you WILL BE GIVING US, you charge for what we are currently getting. This game is worth a solid $20 right now. Include a Single Player campaign, and it might go up to $30. Also, you only receive the Savini Jason skin if you are a backer of the game, which is too late now. This is not just a skin however, this is a completely new Jason, exclusive to backers, which is something I don't agree with. Skins are fine to keep exclusive to those that supported you, but not a whole new, and arguably the best Jason in the game.Once more content is added to the game, the game is properly balanced, and the devs cool out with all the banning, I can definitely update this review. I have a lot of faith in these devs to do the right thing and please their fans and consumers."
76561198282485372,Not Recommended,438740,34079556,Posted: 7 August,all,UnKnown™,its ♥♥♥♥tup . its a really♥♥♥♥♥♥. its full of bugs and when you play with jason you cant kill anyone sometimes
76561197997749766,Not Recommended,438740,35113946,Posted: 21 September,all,Death Bladder,"Let me start with this is the first review I ever wrote for a steam game. I write it in hopes that others will not waste their money.PROs:The game is visually and consceptually amazing. Thats it.CONS:This game is broken, numberous bugs and glitches. 3 out of 5 games I have to kill the process, the game will hang or the UI will lock up in some way stuck can't interact, mouse clicks don't doanything in the game.  Can't remap the keys.$40 dollar game, and as buggy as it is, the first DLC is not free. For a game as broken as this is and with the incompleteness of it. Thats just greedy.Aside from that, there is a sizable community, many are very toxic. Also there are a large number of hacks/cheat apps for the game.I can't recommend it."
76561198001943145,Not Recommended,438740,34760236,Posted: 5 September,all,Horse,"Love this game, but way too many bugs.. Especially jason keeps bugging out in kill animations sometimes I cant even attack and forced to re-que, not to mention the horrible new update now has worse FRAME RATE ISSUES THEN BEFFORE.FIX THIS ♥♥♥♥EN GAMEEEEE."
,Not Recommended,438740,34553869,Posted: 28 August,all,Lia,"Could've been great... There are so many issues with this game, please if you want a game like this buy Dead By Daylight or wait for Last Year. If you purchase this game you will regret it! I was so hyped for this game and i felt so dissapointed. At it's current price tag it's not worth the purchase at all. £20 is the most I would spend on this.Glad they release a bikini dlc pack despite all the complaints. It's great to now be running around with a girl with half her♥♥♥♥♥hanging out, it's going to be even better when she has a brightly coloured thong."
,Not Recommended,438740,34195022,Posted: 12 August,all,GaNjAlF 3ö~,"I really like the game, it can be funny and really enjoyable, especially with a group of friends.Public matches are a mess and can be really frustrating.Unfortunately, instead of going with the EA route you have a 40$ game release without basic feature.There is no remappable keys, so if you have the wrong language keyboard the game can be unconfortable, that's why I stopped  to play.There is no region server option to choose, so people get teamed up with people speacking other languages all the time ( not to mention the joy to play with people with 300 ping).There is not a decent host migration, so if the host leave the lobby get closed.In effort to block trolls in public match the dev team will  take off freindly fire , instead of trying more reasonable steps like adding a Votekick system.In two moths there was not enough comunication with the player base and just some minors updates with a  lot of promises.If the game was in EA it can be almost acceptable but this is a  40$ released game thath lacks basic feature and tons of bugs that need to be adressed.As now, unfortunately, with the player base slighty decreasing, the bugs and basic features missing I can't reccommend this title.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------edit:        28.8.2017.New patch: no remappable keys after 3 months in a 40$ released PC game, this is ridicolous.They added localization but not a way to change the language, so people are having the game changing languages automatically without the possibility to go back to english.  (edit: now you can add a line to ""launch option"" to have a different language, in the hope that is just a temporary solution )Btw, the Italian translation is understandable but the grammar is all over the place.. It hurt your brain when you try to decifer some description and some phrases are hilariously bad.There are some reports about bad translation in other languages too, same situation for French, Russian and German. They probably just use something like google transalte, becasue the structure of the phrases don't make sense.Some are reporting fps loss, some other perks and badges getting erased, some new breaking bugs are emerging, the servers seems to got worst ( problem to find a match).The new small maps seems good, I like that they added new ""killing spots"", ufortunately taking out friendly fire is useless an not a real solution.----------------------------------------------------------edit: 21.9.2017  new updateThey added emotes , unfortunately not in a way that people can use them if they are not using a mic. ( no way to tell other if you have an item, ecc ecc).Naturally no keyboard rebind, becuase is a 40$ Pc game that was released more than 4 monts ago!!!!No word about the bad translations (localization), not to mention a way in the setting to change languages whitout having to edit the lauch parameters.People are reporting new bugs and worst performaces."
,Not Recommended,438740,34243595,Posted: 14 August,all,Kushman,game was fun for awhile but idk its just not for me
,Not Recommended,438740,33909850,Posted: 30 July,all,chickenscratchjohnson,"First of all this is a fun idea for a game. Running from Jason, working together, killing counselors as Jason and the nostalgia of watching these movies is great. All good stuff.Biggest problem is that the good stuff is not worth the 40 dollars price. The map gets repetitive fast. The action gets repetitive fast. Basically it becomes the same thing over and over again. The bait of playing game after game to unlock counselors and perks just isn't enough.Also it crashes, a lot. Like I can give a smaller studio some leeway but piled on top of everything I've already mentioned it ends up being pretty infuriating.If they don't add new locations and new ways to win for free there's no way I could see myself playing this game again down the line. 40 Dollars for a handful of fun nights just doesn't make sense."
76561198327471834,Not Recommended,438740,35454992,Posted: 3 October,all,Ten Dollar Typo,really buggy and not at all a good community they will run you over and not use a mic. The developers are greedy as they charged for their spring break dlc which should be free as all it is is outfits when we already paid 40 bucks for ONE  game mode
,Recommended,438740,32215248,Posted: 6 June,all,Sherlock Van Helsing,"Game:Friday the 13th: The GameGenre:Multiplayer Survival HorrorDeveloper:IllFonicPublisher:Gun Mediahttps://youtu.be/sQRYfamwLQUIn 1989, infamous publisher of movie-licensed games LJN released a Friday the 13th game on NES developed by Atlus (better known nowadays for the JRPG Persona franchise). Needless to say, it was a broken mess that barely had any similarities to the slasher franchise. Since then, everyone’s favorite hockey-masked killer was featured in a couple of games, such as in the fan-madeTerrordromeand in NetherRealm’sMortal Kombat Xtogether with other horror icons like the Predator and Leatherface.Now, almost 30 years after his last standalone appearance in a game, Jason Voorhees is back, and he never looked better.Developed by IllFonic and published by Gun Media,Friday the 13th: The Gameis a multiplayer survival horror game that was funded through Kickstarter. What makes the game special is who collaborated: special effects god Tom Savini designed the kills, Harry Manfredini composed the soundtrack, Kane Hodder (easily the best Jason stuntman) motion-captured as the killer, and Thom Mathews reprises his role as Tommy Jarvis from Part VI.The developers have promised that, in the following months, there will be major updates that add a single-player mode (it is unclear whether or not it has a campaign or simply adds bots), newer Jasons (especially Jason X’s) and maps (like the yacht from Jason Takes Manhattan).Each match has 8 players, and their role is randomly selected (even though you can choose which you prefer to play as more often): 7 players become camp counsellors, and 1 player becomes Jason. As of right now, there are a total of 10 counsellors and 6 Jasons.The counsellors all have different stats (one can sprint longer, one is stealthier, one has more strength, etc.), you can customize their appearance with new clothes unlocked when you level up, and you can spend points to roll a perk that is available for each character.The pros and cons of Jason vary depending on which iteration of the character you are playing as: Part 2 Jason can sprint and has a pick axe, but cannot move fast underwater; Part 6 Jason is great at shifting and throwing knives, but he cannot run; Part 7 Jason has a machete and can move fast underwater…When you are playing as a counsellor, your objective is to escape from the camp while avoiding Jason. There are multiple ways to win: you can repair a car by finding batteries and fuel; you can use a boat that needs a propeller and gas; you can call the police and run to them as soon as they arrive. You can also call Tommy Jarvis, which respawns a dead player, whose role is fundamental if you are trying to kill Jason. Around the camp, players can find weapons to use, first aid spray, maps, walkie-talkies, firecrackers, pocket knives and hiding spots in order to defend themselves. There is also an overly-complex Fear system that increases when you are chased or see dead bodies.When you are playing as Jason, you have four abilities (that unlock over time and need to recharge after you use them) to use in order to kill all the other players: Morph allows you to teleport anywhere on the map; Sense makes nearby counsellors that are scared or making noise visibly red to make them easier to find; Shift lets you move really fast for a limited time in order to catch up to other players; Stalk removes the music of Jason for the counsellors, so that they don’t hear him approaching. Other than the weapon you start with, you can throw knives, plant bear traps, or grab counsellors to insta-kill them using the environment or user-chosen skills that you can unlock with points.I was fortunate enough to play this game after the disastrous launch, and I can safely say that I had no problems in finding games with low ping and delay. However, graphically speaking, the game is a mixed bag: there are a multitude of bugs and clipping problems that (while not game breaking) are still rather jarring when they happen, the facial animations of the fearful counsellors are unintentionally hilarious, and some cabins feel like they were copy-pasted in terms of layout. Still, the three available camps (Camp Crystal Lake, Packaknack, Higgins Haven) and different versions of the killer are very faithful to their respective movies. Also, the bugs I encountered never really bothered me as much as they did to other players.The first couple of matches of the game were fine, but I wasn’t really having the time of my life. But, as soon as I plugged my microphone in and started using the voice chat, the game became instantly more fun: talking with other players, cooperating, and chatting with Jason while he is putting a machete in your skull are some of the most fun moments I had in a multiplayer game… ever, honestly. The sense of comradery and brotherhood that develops with other players is a one-of-a-kind experience that made me keep playing the game for well over 10 hours in just a couple of days. The only real issue? There are so many Chinese and Russian players that don’t speak a word of English, and I frequently found myself in servers where 5 players were chatting in Russian.Overall, while the game is buggy at the moment, the amount of enjoyment you get by chatting with other players, and by trying to both escape or kill is so high that I think that it is a game worth buying, especially if you set your expectations right and are a massive fan of the franchise.Story: n/aGraphics: 7Gameplay: 8.5Challenge: 9Sound: 8.5Replayability: 9ENJOYMENT: 8FRUSTRATION: 4Follow me on Twitter: @nickygra97Subscribe to my channelLike on FacebookJoin my Steam group"
,Not Recommended,438740,33942718,Posted: 31 July,all,Ur Boy Bangs,Fixed your dumb game already.
,Not Recommended,438740,33960010,Posted: 1 August,all,Zecky,This game is very repetitive and gets boring after 20 hours (in my opinion) it isnt so hard as Jason but most people leave when they are not Jason so there is never anyone to kill if you are Jason. It basically defeats the purpose of the game to kill the counselors as Jason.
76561198237965852,Not Recommended,438740,33809382,Posted: 26 July,all,adir2773-sandcastle,shity game it worth for 20 dollars no more !they dont update the gameits boring after 20 hours you will quit no matter what believe me its not worth it they dosent update the a game a month from now its still the same as the beta no fix no new things until they add update and singleplayer and work on the game then i gonna recommend this game
,Not Recommended,438740,34218572,Posted: 13 August,all,obsolete,last update decade ago
,Not Recommended,438740,34128529,Posted: 9 August,all,(Atlas) Ash | ChallengeMe.GG,THIS GAME IS LIKE A STALE SNAK A JACK SALT AND VINGER TO BE PERCISEYOU PLAY IT ONCE AND THERE YOU GO YOU HAVE PLAYED THE ENTIRE GAMEFOR $30.00 QUID THIS GAME IS RUBBISH THERE'S NOTHING TO DOSTARTING OH LOOK A WEPON OH WAIT I CAN ONLY STUN JASON NOT KILL THE UGLY ♥♥♥♥I WANTED MY MONEY BACK BUT NOOOOOO OF CORSE THE ONLY GAME IN MY LIBARY I WOULD REFUND I CANT YAYREALLY WISH I HADDNT BOUGHT IT NOW DONT LET OTHER PEOPLE MAKE YOU BUY THE GAME WHEN YOU DONT WANT TOA VERY ANGRY RUSSIAN WITH A DEAD CAT WICH IS STUFFED AND IS STILL BREATHING BEACUSE SOME RANDOM ♥♥♥♥KILLED HER THEN PUT HER IN A BAG AND PLACED A NOT THAT RED GOOD RIDDENCE-Ash Games
76561198405232606,Not Recommended,438740,34626728,Posted: 30 August,all,(͡o ͜ʖ ͡o),This game is really bad there is way too many bugs and the kids can just stun you EVERY ♥♥♥♥ING TIME THEY GET OUT. this game is just ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. The devs are so ♥♥♥♥ing stupid for taking a the regen thing if ur stunned. Singleplayer is never coming. i honestly think that the devs are 1 time devs cuz the fact that a when you get in a car jasons TRAPS DONT ♥♥♥♥ING WORK
76561198299381553,Not Recommended,438740,34624648,Posted: 30 August,all,The Real Pepperoni,too much money for a game like this
,Not Recommended,438740,34594773,Posted: 29 August,all,{AA}MasterAssassin,"I am deleting my game. I would've refunded it but its past the day limit. The problem with your game is many things.I am scared of getting banned cause all these rules that seem shady such as ""ban without reason"" cause that can be abused greatly.Every patch it seems to not improve the game in any aspect where you have people saying ""Amazing patch devs, fixed a lot of things"", they are adding things to the game that are unneededThe removal of teamkill. This is a survival game. Now instead of shooting someone to get a car seat, its the game of ""Who can spam the button faster"". I understand some people teamkilled to troll but there is a simple solution. Add a votekick to lobbies, and it shouldn't be hard to deal with teamkillers then.I don't seem to trust the dev team at the moment. Few months ago they had my full trust. Now I don't know if they have any idea what they are doing.That is all. You may be saying ""You should just leave if you are going to complain, this community never wanted you"". I am not here to complain. I want dev's to see people are leaving the game and see the reasons why so they can hopefully one day improve and listen to feedback, and get their players back."
76561198105238756,Not Recommended,438740,34671806,Posted: 1 September,all,DireRaven,I personally found this game boring and repeatitive. The controls are quite confusing for me.
,Not Recommended,438740,34548035,Posted: 28 August,all,Prenumbra,"This is my first Steam review so take this how you will.I'll start off with what I love about this game first.I love the concept of this game.  It gets very tense when you're hiding from Jason and he's nearby looking for you or busy killing another player or when you hear the screams of another counselor in the distance and realize you could be next.  There are a variety of tools and weapons at your disposal to help you live just a little bit longer if you happen to be unfortunate enough to be caught in Jason's crosshairs.  Having a group of coordinated players will help greatly with your attempt to escape or kill Jason (yes you can kill Jason but accomplishing it is very convoluted).  I have my matchmaking preferences set to counselor since I enjoy running & hiding for my life much more than hunting down players.  I'm not entirely up to speed on all this drama in the forums between the players and devs, but I will say that I've reported a player that abused an exploit and received a response from the dev about it, so in my book that gives them 5 stars.Now here's what I don't like so far about this game.Jason by his very nature is OP and there's no getting away from that.  He's just as much an unstoppable killing machine in this game as he is in the movies so I've got ZERO issues with him appearing out of thin air and slaughtering a group of hapless players.I DO however have plenty of gripes about how stuns and combat stance work for him.  I'll start with stuns first.  Putting aside just how perfect you have to be to even connect a melee hit on him, I find it absolutley ludicrous that he can simply mash a button and come out of stun right away.  This puts Jason players with macros and/or turbo controllers at a huge advantage.  A better system would be removing the option to mash a button and simply set a predetermined amout of stun time based on the weapon, couselor stats/perks, and Jason's stats.  Not only will this incentivize counselors to choose their weapons wisely, it will also force Jason players to choose their targets wisely since getting stunned can lead to more time wasted tracking down that same counselor.My second issue is with the Jason players that use combat stance to break down doors faster than they normally would be able to.  While this doesn't completely negate barricaded doors it does create a problem for couselors that manage to make to a house only to find Jason coming right through a barricaded door in less than three seconds.My last issue is with Jason's traps.  I have no issues with players that use them to protect an objective, but I do take issues with being able to saturate an objective with multiple traps and preventing even the prepared players from being able to do much except alert Jason players (keep in mind this isn't much of an issue if your team is highly coordinated since Jason can only watch one objective at a time, it's possible to have him distracted at the four seater car and have other players make a go at the police phone box).In it's current state I cannot recommend this game but that's subject to change depending on the developers and what changes/glitches they fix."
,Not Recommended,438740,34615573,Posted: 30 August,all,Heat ‽ LAMFOE,Worst game ever
,Not Recommended,438740,34597009,Posted: 29 August,all,pRaX,"While it is certainly a very enjoyable game and even better in concept... the overall quality of this production is extremely lacking. It has alot of bugs and glitches, not very well thought out mechanics that can easily be abused/exploited, update progress is extremely slow and the communication between the devs and their customers is extremely bad (the usage of the official forum is considered ""antiquated"" for example...).In the end, I just honestly can't recommend this game to anyone, taking all this and the outragouesly high price tag into account.I suggest to wait for a sale and/or until they polished it to an overall more acceptable quality."
,Not Recommended,438740,34620294,Posted: 30 August,all,Marble,40$
76561198118817720,Not Recommended,438740,34456504,Posted: 24 August,all,ุ,"Only fun to play with friends, and i love that even the people that got it free are bashing it XD good going devs"
,Not Recommended,438740,34112727,Posted: 8 August,all,Jackdvalentine,"I did find this game interesting and fun for a bit. I did meet some great friends and had fun. With less transparency from the devs, the drama and controversy that surrounds this game, the toxic community that seem to be praised this is a game I wish I could return. With the added patch coming of removing melee and gun killing you remove a lot of the fun and risk of playing this game. I have to say this is a disappointment of a kickstarted game, a lot of wasted potential here. Instead of fixing bugs and adding content they are removing content that made the game relatable for someone who can easily win the game as a counselor. I dislike what they have done with the game and have uninstalled it. It's not worth 40 dollars, it's buggy and boring if you don't have friends. I do not recommend buying this game ever."
76561198175734637,Not Recommended,438740,34114585,Posted: 8 August,all,۞★RaGe|BuRnSB★۞,all kids under 18 years old that team with jason and start killing usi dont recomend this
,Recommended,438740,32038241,Posted: 29 May,all,Prophet,"As of the time of this review I've played 16 hours of Friday the 13th: The Game. I've given it fair amount of time and have played enough matches to share my opinion. First off, this game is immensely fun to play, from sneaking around as camp counselors to playing as the hocky-masked serial killer himself. There seems to be a lot of complaining that Jason is overpowered, which I don't really understand. From my experience it seems pretty balanced. I don't know what others expected when they bought a game about a supernatural serial killer, but you're not going to  be able to take him on by yourself, which fortunately, you won't have to as there can be up to seven other counselors on your side. There have been multiple situations where I have been able to outrun and evade Jason with a little help from another player. Which is the whole point of an asymmetrical multiplayer game. There are a few counselors to chose from, with clothing options and perks you can purchase with an in-game currency you get from playing. There are a few Jasons to chose from as well, as Illfonic have picked a few of the more popular iterations. The level up system works well and feels like it's got a nice pace to it.That being said there are still a few glitches, from aesthetical glitchs such as hair behaving in crazy ways (pull it harder, HARDER!) to physics based issues (e.g., Jason being able to grab while turned the other way.) There are a few errors that pop up while you're in the menu as well, I wasn't able to buy perks for awhile. And there are only three maps and one game mode so far.All in all, I've enjoyed my time with it so far. If you're into online multiplayer games and a fan of the Friday the 13th films, I  would recommend it.And thanks for reading this novel of a review."
76561198045850978,Not Recommended,438740,33430868,Posted: 10 July,all,Noxidee,Played for 30 mins refunded cause there's no way this is worth 30 pound. Absolute garbage.
,Recommended,438740,31981066,Posted: 26 May,all,KingCatto,"Had to play against Jason and the guy had a voicechanger, he first had a girly voice and when he came closer he became Satan. Scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥our of me and laughed so hard with Jason 10/10 best experience ever and very nice community"
76561198074280370,Recommended,438740,33163215,Posted: 2 July,all,MichaelEgenD,"Have not played A&B test, But it is a good game, recommended if you were free to play i. Communication is most important during the game, if not so, You were being killed by your own teammates, Which Rage player & Discriminals are also big problems in this game.The context is fully copy from 13th of Friday, all the characters, and Jason's outfit.Skills are the keys to keep your alive, the rest is luck and talk. What my recommend isTough skin is a OP skill if you have it, but I think it is too OP if you were a Jason, Normally you can eliminate one person with 2-3 Weapon Slashs, but with this skill, God knows how many."
76561198014893421,Recommended,438740,32414722,Posted: 14 June,all,merikuri55,It is the most interesting game in which you can play against other players!
76561197978232684,Recommended,438740,34428241,Posted: 22 August,all,[Asgard] Thor,"Despite the odd controversy over the banning a few months back, this game is pretty good and stays very true to the movies. I went and watched the Friday the 13th movies after buying this game and in many cases the movies and maps are nearly 100% identical.Currently, there are three maps, 8 Jasons with unique traits, and 10 counselors with different stats. Maps sometimes changes up one or two cabin locations that spawn, everything in a cabin drawer is randomized with certain objects spawning within a certain distance of a goal, and the game objectives spawn random within 2-3 different locations. Once you have played a lot you will mostly know where to check when you are looking for something specific.Players are randomly chosen to be Jason out of a 8 player lobby. The 7 counselors must then find a way to escape by fixing a 4 seater or 2 seater car, fixing a two seater boat, calling the cops and waiting for them to arrive then escaping through one of two exits, or flat out living the full 20 minutes. Jason has enormous power and can't be killed by normal means. Counselors must kite, evade, or delay Jason so they can get the objectives done.Friday the 13th has this uncanny ability to set up situations that make your heart pound. Risk and reward is huge in this game. If you find the gas right away near the 4 door, do you try and put it in before Jason shows up or do you lay low and deal with any traps he puts down? If you fix the car do you stop to try and save someone or do you get out of there before Jason appears and wrecks the car? Every game feels very different even though the maps don't change much. Maybe one game everyone works together and speaks english to coordinate. Other games no one talks and you get hunted down one by one. Maybe this game it's a bunch of Russians but they know enough words to work with you.On that note, the community is either hit or miss. Many players label themselves as ""Jason players"" so if they aren't Jason they leave the game leaving the counselors short handed. Other players leave the game when Jason grabs them depriving the Jason player of Experience which is used to buy things. They recently patched out team killing, but that was a huge issue with many players just running up to someone else with a shotgun and killing them without a word spoken. Team killing carries a 1,000 exp loss, but this didn't dissuade many players. In other instances they would hit you just enough to leave you weak and slow moving, then run off.Pros:Exciting GameplayGood variations between Jason's and CounselorsProximity based voice chat, improved with getting a walkie talkie in gameEffective Risk/Reward situationsCons:One Jason is locked behind a DLC only made available for kickstarters. Many people consider Savini Jason the best Jason which makes him a paywall and timewall pay to win.Maps get old and predictable when there is only three.Do you get one Hour of gameplay per $6 paid?: Yes even at full price.Ease of 100%: Very Hard. Some are luck based. Like killing a counselor hiding in a tent as Jason. There's no telling when the time you are randomly chosen to be Jason will be the time you stumble onto someone hiding in a tent. There are also very rare cassette tapes that only spawn once per game if at all.(100% Being all achievements, Unlocks, Upgrades, Ect.)"
,Not Recommended,438740,35010187,Posted: 16 September,all,★Zwiebjepoe★ ツ,This was a waste of money and still is. Terrible game.
,Not Recommended,438740,35035870,Posted: 17 September,all,JacksonStonee,"Toxic community. Everyround I play seemed to be filled with ghosters (people who are in a party with the kill and let their party members go and reveal the positions of others after they escape). For example, the last game I played, the person driving the car stopped before right before we got away and let jason pull me out and purposely drove away just to let me be killed by his party member. I write this reveiw so hopefully the devs can start banning people that do this. Will not being playing anymore and do not recommend."
,Not Recommended,438740,34403665,Posted: 21 August,all,Stroob,"Finally got banned. I make games ""unfun""? Okay. Cause fun is someone with a gigantic ego screaming their Twitch and not being allowed to teamkill them? I at the very least want a response as to what you caught me doing. Also, if it's for words then people really need to grow up. Wasted birthday money."
76561197967003281,Not Recommended,438740,34984759,Posted: 15 September,all,TTV-GreenAssBaboon,First game in a month at least. I try breakign a door as Jason. The animation dosn't even show. Then I just stand there unable to press anybuttons at all. What a peice♥♥♥♥♥♥game. Caught it on stream. Quit the game uninstalled it.
,Not Recommended,438740,32122746,Posted: 1 June,all,Enomonopio,"Buggy, entirely jason favoured, animations are incredibly subpar. jasons abilities make him too overpowered, even retaining the fact that hes supposed to be, but not when he can teleport in seconds, and fly at you and grab you from many feet away. not worth 40 bucks."
,Recommended,438740,34677042,Posted: 1 September,all,Macmax101,Fun but not worth $40. Maybe 15 or 20
,Not Recommended,438740,31997170,Posted: 27 May,all,Crash,"I wouldn't wish this game on my worst enemy, this is the worst game I've ever played in my life, I can barely call it a ""game"" for what it offers, it's more of a day frustratingly and in an incredibly♥♥♥♥♥♥and boring way simulator.My first 4 games involved me dying within the first few minutes due to Jasons teleport and grab ""combo"", this means without a pocket knife or anything to stun him with (which you find at absolute random) then you're as good as dead, have fun waiting for the next 10-15 minutes while everyone else dies or they get lucky (because this entire game is based on luck and nothing more) and manage to escape via cops or transporation.I've honestly never been so bored playing it when I was being chased and inevitibly killed either, your entire experience is a walking/jogging sim of going from building to building and searching in draws and sh*t for key items or survivability things to stand an extra 5% chance of living with.I seriously can't believe that this boring mess is £30/$40, what's even more confusing me is why there's even any large amount of people playing this boring nonsense, nothing about it was fun, and it wasn't thrilling either, want to know why? because the thrill of games like these is in the fact that when it comes to being chased...there's usually an element of skill involved, unfortunately there's absolutally no skill at all in this game, it doesn't matter if you juke jason or manage to find somewhere to hide, he can just sense you out with his incredibly low cooldown wall hax skill and proceed to teleport into your face and end you within the same second."
,Not Recommended,438740,32012899,Posted: 27 May,all,Spyder2103,"Not what I expected. Its too expensive with very little content. No Key rebinding, facial expressions worse than Mass Effect Andromeda, too much time to connect to server, many bugs, game is repetitive and much in the favour of Jason, not balanced. Better spend money on any other game. Wait till Steam summer sale if you are into buying it."
76561197970664259,Recommended,438740,32054499,Posted: 29 May,all,Look_at_all_these_owls,Lost track of time; before I knew it was 1am.  Any game that immersive is worth getting.
,Recommended,438740,32178157,Posted: 4 June,all,Seraphina,"It's a pretty good game, there were some heavy issues at release but now that the devs have had a few days things seem to be going a lot smoother.Is it worth $40? I'm not sure. I'm on the fence about the pricepoint because of the lack of content, but content is apparently going to be added soon so I remain hopeful that I'll get my $40 worth.It's a great party game, If you find friends to play this with you'll likely never get bored. If you play alone it'll be a hard sell as QP has issues with it's matchmaking.The Biggest issue of all is the lack of balancing. Jason's grab has huge issues with its range, he is able to grab sometimes over 5 feet away depending on the ping of him or others.Overall, it's a tough sell, but I would recommend it if you have some extra money to spend. If you're tight on cash, wait til it goes on a sale."
,Recommended,438740,32301157,Posted: 9 June,all,KashimA,สนุกกว่า Dead By Daylight หลายเท่า แต่เสียอย่างแม่มยังมีบั๊คอยู่กับเกมชอบค้างบางครั้ง ขนาดออกแพทมาแล้ว 1 ตัว รีบๆออกแพทตัวต่อไปด่วน
,Recommended,438740,32155015,Posted: 3 June,all,babyshorty21,"What can I say I love it, yea a little glitch here n there but not to bad. Plus with the right people they make it lots of fun or scary fun lol."
76561198092066257,Recommended,438740,32478078,Posted: 16 June,all,Cake,"Part of me really wishes I could make this a neutral review but since I can't do so, I'm just going to go with my own personal opinion based off of the enjoyment-filled experiences that I, a big fan of the Friday the 13th franchise, receive from this game.I was hyped for this game when it was announced as ""Slasher Volume 1: Summer Camp."" I stopped hearing about it for awhile only to hear that the got the rights to Ft13th & I was pretty stoked seeing a small company get their hands on it. When this game edged closer to release, I just got so antsy. Booting it up, hearing the ""Ch ch ch ha ha ha"" (or ki ki ki ma ma ma) honestly made me very very giddy to hop in to a match & get started.As I near 100 hours on this game at the time of my review, I have a lot to say about it. This is one of those games that truly has the potential to be a masterpiece. Like most games, it comes with its flaws. More specifically in this case, a whole lot of them. So let's hop into some cons about ♥♥♥♥♥♥ things involving this game that I pray get resolved or taken care of, shall we?CONS:-Leavers: I really hate finally getting a game as Jason only to see half of the lobby bail because they didn't get the chance to play Jason. Another garbage scenario is when you're in the animation of executing some dingus counselor only for them to leave the game to avoid you receiving the points or the kill itself in general. There needs to be some form of either a penalty for the counselor or a points bonus for Jason (i.e. some ""quitter bonus"" points)-Buggy perk slots: What's annoying is throwing the ""spawn with a baseball bat"" perk on your character only to not spawn with it because it NEEDS to be in the first perk slot for some ungodly reason. I'm not sure but I'm gonna assume this applies to other perks involving tools & weapons & bonuses being in various slots. Hopefully this is fixed too.-Getting wedged in between nonsense: Getting yanked out the car by Jason is a pretty nice thing but what isn't pretty nice is when your fellow counselor stuns Jason & you float between the car & Jason, unable to move until Jason is done with his stun animation sequence.-Jason's grab range: Now I'm going to take a wild guess & assume the range is to compensate for his lack of speed, which is the only thing that really makes sense BUT I feel like it's just a foot or two too long. It isn't a HUGE deal to me & doesn't ever♥♥♥♥♥♥me off in particular, but I know it's a complaint I either hear or read quite a lot so I'm not going to ignore it.-Bans: Oh boy, this topic is somethin'. It all started with a reviewer who enjoyed the game getting threatened to be banned for calling out people who were teaming with Jason. A dev appears to contradict themself in two statements they made which I saw in a video about the topic but I want to stray away from this subject a tad bit. But I will say that regardless of the person who was banned insulting some little kid (who shouldn't even be playing this game, honestly) from the sound of things the ban seems pretty unjust & it both worries me & scares me. The thought of being falsely banned like some claim to have been would really just set me off & I hope ALL of this gets resolved for those wrongfully banned & all of this drama fades off so the community gets cleared up.I think that's all I got for cons so let's hop over into the things I enjoy!MY PERSONAL PROS:-The feel of the game: My first match is one I remember very well. I was on Packanack Lodge & was up against a Pt. 8 Jason. I was of course spawned at the lodge, which I now know tends to be unlucky. But at the time, I was just excited to explore, y'know? To be a part of a set piece from the movie & wander around checking things out was pretty thrilling. Anywho, in comes Pt. 8 busting down the doors, I book it the ♥♥♥♥ outta there, screaming to my friends that ""HE'S GONNA KICK MY BOOMBOX OVER"" in reference to the movie which I showed them the scene of the night prior. I shrieked seeing Jason's hulking presence bust down a door & powerwalk in my direction, I was so excited yet spooked as hell knowing I'm dead once he's got me since I didn't have a dang thing on me. Gameplay has gotten more redundant as time goes on but the charm of stuff hasn't worn out for me so far. I dig the way that sometimes the game feels just like how it feels to see things in the movie, it comes close to capturing the magic & I really admire that.-References & assets: The fact that they snagged Kane Hodder to do the motion capture for Jason just adds to the experience being so magical to me. Throw in Thom Matthews himself voicing Tommy Jarvis which is able to be called in to be the ""Hero Character"" in order to assure your safety, be selfish, or even kill Jason in a small cinematic event that's in reference to young Tommy killing Jason with a machete is all just too wonderful in my eyes. The locations, the kills, even the vehicles themselves being modeled after ones from the movies (or atleast the two-seater, being from part two) is all just so so so nice. And the slightly recently added ""Retro Jason"" skin for Pt. 3 is a nice little throwback to the NES Friday the 13th game as well c: completed with chiptune music (which sadly only the counselors hear & not Jason but it's alright.)-Counselors: I can't help but love the interpetations of the classic slasher film stereotypes. The jock, the smug prep, the girl next door, the dork, the edgy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, the flirtatious chick, all of em are captured very well each with their own stats which in most cases aid to their character design. It's also neat to know that four backers are actually featured as their very own counselors. Just think about it, a real Lachappa is out there somewhere, man.-Customization: The perk system is pretty nice, where you spend 500cp to roll for a random perk of varying rarity tiers with bonuses & detriments to balance it out just works really nice. There's 10 counselors to choose from which you can equip up to three perks on (and perks carry over across all counselors), 6 Jasons to choose from (7 if you have the backer-exclusive Savini Jason, which is Jason's latest design since 2009) with their own strengths, weaknesses, weapon-specific grab kill animations for each Jason individually. And also counselors have unlockable clothing which you get by levelling up which is also a nifty little feature c:-Maps: Each map is based off a big location from the earlier films. Camp Crystal Lake, Packanack Lodge, & Higgins' Haven. The maps are all more or less identical to their film counterparts & like I said earlier, it feels nice to explore them first-hand, especially as a big fan of the films.-Playstyles/ways to win: As mentioned earlier, each counselor has their own stats. You've got Tiffany who's got some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ repair skills but she's quick & quiet, making her a good silent parts-runner to help make escaping all the more easier. You have Chad, the snob who's basically a lucky son of a ♥♥♥♥♥ when he's got a stun-heavy weapon in hand, especially a bat. So you could play him as a good fighter/protector type character. Same goes to Adam or Buggzy. Then you've got sneaky characters like A.J. who've just got some really snazzy stealth to them. And then characters like Lachappa or Deborah (Deborah being the slightly better of the two) who have some stellar repair, making actions like installing a battery basically lightning fast. You can play aggresively, stealthfully, be a team player, or even lone wolf it. A match can be won a multitude of ways which I really like. You can leave by car, by boat, by calling the cops and head to the exit that they cover, or killing Jason which is kinda a lengthy, challenging process.I could go on and on about why I love this game despite its flaws. I have a blast playing it, especially with my best friends and I'm glad I get to do so. I always wanted a game like this and bugs aside, I'm glad I got it. Thanks for reading!"
76561198043424864,Not Recommended,438740,32700653,Posted: 23 June,all,Pickle Rick,"In the current state I can not recommend this game. For the amount of bugs in the game, perks not working etc. the game should actually be in early access. The other draw back I feel is the price point, the current amount of content does not justify a $40 price tag, should be a $20 game.The majority of fun to be had is the people you play with and has very little to do with the game mechanics."
,Recommended,438740,32285183,Posted: 9 June,all,Wrath,"Pros;1) Great Game to play with friends.2) Fun no matter if you play Jason or Counselor.3) Does not get to repetitive.Cons;1) A little bit buggy but they are still working on it.2) Friendly fire from trolls. I am not saying accidental kills. I am talking about the ones that seek players out just to troll.3) Could use more maps, hoping more to come in the future.All in all I would recommend this game. Regardless of the bugs, trolls, and lack of maps. I have gotten a lot of enjoyment out of the game and have so many funny stories/memories of the game. I hope to make many more."
,Not Recommended,438740,33591649,Posted: 16 July,all,GamePil,Not worth the money atm.This game should be a beta. Dont get me wrong its a fun game especially if you play with friends but it is still buggy. I would recommend to wait until the game is on sale for 20-30. The devs are very active and have already patched a lot of bugs.There is a singleplayer and bot mode update thats suppose to release soon and i will maybe change my review when it has come out and i had a chance to play it but for now the game is just not worth the price for me.
,Not Recommended,438740,32142104,Posted: 2 June,all,Shingles,"> Opened the game.> Opened Settings.> Looked at key bindings.> Can't customize key bindings.Unplayable for left-handed players, unplayable for right-handed players who don't use WASD or want to change up a few bindings. I suppose whoever plays FPS games with a controller will do fine.Waiting a week, then asking for a refund if this feature isn't a top priority. I can't believe a developer didn't bother with customizable keys. It boggles the mind."
76561198087982944,Not Recommended,438740,32009470,Posted: 27 May,all,Meek,"I played four rounds on launch night. All of them were as survivor, and I also survived all of them till escape. The biggest problem I saw with the game was that after a little while, there is little to no replayability. The perks are completely randomized and the movement and (unbindable) controls felt really clunky. There are only three (very similar) maps with only a few escape methods.Also, for a teenaged camp counselor running from a maniac killer, you must be in really bad shape to not even be able to jog when hes 15 feet from you (because your stamina bar runs out after maybe 20 seconds).In addition to that, Jason is extremely powerful as the game stands, being able to TELEPORT TO YOU and grab execute you immediately following the teleport. Now before everyone replies to me saying ""but jason is supposed to be OP"" I don't remember one time in the movies where the counselor was just standing there when suddenly Jason blinks into existence and bodyslams them.After all of the negative things I've just said about the game, I will admit I still had a good amount of fun in the games that I did play. After the games I played, I decided to refund the game for my money back. I was bummed that it wasn't exactly what I expected, and will hopefully pick it up again once the price drops significantly or the game improves a lot."
76561198005056774,Not Recommended,438740,33328007,Posted: 6 July,all,GamerDad,"Wanted to give this game a great review, but sadly I can't.Between the game breaking bugs, and the deverlopers stanceon several things.  I have been forced to give this game a bad review.People are allowed to cheat and then get the person who dislikes the cheatingbanned.    The developers have basically made us the testers for a game we payedway to much for to start with.     Maybe in time I can change my review.  But for now I can'treccomend this game."
,Recommended,438740,31983619,Posted: 26 May,all,Classified,"This game is awesome, especially for F13 or just horror movie fans. Not brimming with content right now but still there is enough to have alot of fun, 3 maps and a whole bunch of characters and customization skins. Very sandbox-y game compared to it's likes, in a sense that if you'd like, you can deviate from the group and fix up a boat yourself to gtfo, or you can band together and get a car etc. You can even call the cops. Looks great though and plays well... saw 1 bug in 7 hours and it was me being stuck in sitting animation.Very recommended if you have friends especially, but me i only played this with 1 other guy and we still have fun playing just the 2 of us with random people. Community seems to be in a good shape atm, friendly/helpful players but as with most games that might go to hell in a while.Can only recommend it."
76561198084183577,Not Recommended,438740,33635473,Posted: 18 July,all,spooky sleepy,It's still in beta.
,Not Recommended,438740,33750993,Posted: 23 July,all,Sojobo,"The game was fun when I first started, but since then the community's kept it from being fun.  Almost every game is filled with 1/4-1/3 of the team leaving once they find out they're not jason, general team wounding, glitching, or just players being loud and 'lul-so-random' in teamchat.  As it stands today I can't recommend it, hopefully the devs continue working on the game and fix the worst problems with it.  Still not as buggy as DbD.Pros and Cons+ The game implements a mute function.  Great when you need it.+ The game feels like a horror movie.+ Lots of folks playing Jason seem to want to have fun with it, hilarious and memorable moments.+ Chad- Price feels high for what you're getting.- No punishment for leaving early when you find out you don't get to be jason.- General dickery from other survivors (hoarding key items and refusing to use them unless you kill them for it).- Lots of glitching, such as putting your character out of the map so Jason can't touch you.- Dev solution to glitching and general ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ry so far appears to be ban waves.- Ban reasons appear to be really subjective and open to interpretation (Offensive Speech, essentially)- Chad"
,Not Recommended,438740,33753267,Posted: 23 July,all,BrendanButcher,"I feel rather mixed with this game although I do find it quite enjoyable for the most part. For starters let me point out a few key things that I personally feel should be changed. The price for this game is way, and I mean WAY to high especially with the amount of content provided out of the gate. 3 maps, a handful of well made Jason's and decent gameplay are not and I repeat are NOT worth 40$. This game should be atleast worth 20 or even 15 dollars at the most.Another thing that worries me are these consistant bans that are going on (thankfully I've been unscathed) in the community due to a number of players that are undoubtedly toxic. If I get banned under false pretenses I demand a full refund.One last thing before writing the pro's and con's I did have an intance where I ran into a cheating counsler that could teleport and hit me through doors delivering an instant stun whilst I was playing Jason.Anyways onto the pro's and con'sPRO:- Great sound design- Farely nice graphics with plenty of options- Grand amount of fan service- Enjoyable gameplay- Varying play stylesCON:- Gameplay can get repetitive- Bizarre controls (feels kind of floaty to me)- Chad, just Chad F*** that guyJUST PLAIN WEIRD:- OH GOD THE FACES PLEASE FIX THE FACES I'M DYING OF LAUGHTERPersonal Thoughts:As an avid fan of 80s B-Horror and slasher films it feels great to have a game commemorating quite possibly one of the most terrifying icons in slasher horror. Jason Voorhees is a power house and you feel it when you play as any of the current variations. You really do get a sense of power that is truly and nearly unmatched compared to the counselors. Although many people may argue saying that Jason is way too overpowered obviously have never seen a single Friday film. On the other hand when it comes to playing the counselor I feel like its more enjoyable then playing as Jason since there is a real sense of atmosphere and terror. Although you aren't left completely defenseless any practical means of killing Jason are quite literally thrown out the window since all you can do is stun Jason. However there is a way to kill Jason but its really elaborate and complex so good luck getting it done unless you are playing with friends.Gameplay is very enjoyable especially with the idea of perks for counselors. This helps with surviving Jason's onslaught but with Jason every variant has its own up's and down's which can throw a little bit of a learning curve towards a player. But after awhile the gameplay becomes a little stale since it slowly becomes been there done that and really you start to notice how its so much the same thing over and over again.Now of course the ban wave is rising issue thats resulted in perma bans without any real context as to why and I can see how this can turn some people away from playing the game.What should be added:Of course why just stick to multiplayer and Jason? Why not add single player and Pamela Voorhees or even other variants of Jason (Jason X or FVSJ). Add maps based around other locales like a ship, space station, or maybe even New York.All in all the game is fine but it can of course get repetitive and the bans have me on edge so until the devs sort this stuff out my review will remain negative for now."
,Recommended,438740,33383882,Posted: 8 July,all,KevinTheWolfy,I love this game! This game is great for fans of the movie and shows how horror icons can make great games and really scary when your alone and fun with friends! 8.5/10 (has its issues but still really really fun and good!)
76561198044103161,Not Recommended,438740,34094177,Posted: 7 August,all,ROFLTAG,Legit camping sim. So many ♥♥♥♥ING BUGS
76561198076082541,Recommended,438740,32133946,Posted: 2 June,all,『CinnamonWaffle』,It's not as bad as people say it is!
,Not Recommended,438740,33466710,Posted: 11 July,all,OppsIfartedAgain,This game was♥♥♥♥♥♥from the beginning. Dead by Daylight wanna be style esq game. But dead by daylight is way freaking better!
,Not Recommended,438740,31996403,Posted: 27 May,all,Sneeki Breeki,"Very boring I must say. Loved it for the first hour but thats as far as it goes. Wouldn't waste £30 for this. It is well and truly just another £6 between games filler, nothing more"
,Not Recommended,438740,32010313,Posted: 27 May,all,Pool,Save your money!  Ill save you the time of reading on.
76561197977724771,Not Recommended,438740,33328901,Posted: 6 July,all,Sanguinius,"I have been playing this game since launch, and I have to say that this game isn't close to being worth the $40 price tag. How I came to this conclusion is,1. Horrendous launch. To be expected from a small developer (so they claim), but you would think that the millions of dollars they received in crowd funding and selling early DLC would have actually had them hire more people to complete the game. It is far from complete. Their answer to this was to give out some free clothes, some perk rolls (yes, I received no epics during those rolls), and just a simple reskin of the Jason part 3. Just a purple and cyan Jason reminiscent of the NES game. All the same stats and animations of the free Jason you receive when you start.2. Little to no balancing or a future of any. Every counselor has their strengths and weaknesses, but some are never worth playing. Why you ask? There are some stats that counselors have that do absolutely nothing in the game. A counselor whose strength is a maxed out stat; which due to current mechanics and lack there of do essentially nothing. If you know how to play Jason, there is no reason to ever lose a match aside from some lucky spawns for counselors to get a two minute car and you somehow miss them on the way out.3. There is a Jason called Savini Jason that was a special DLC you could buy before launch if you were somehow lucky to hear about it in the first place. Select few have it, and it isn't just a skin, but also a stand alone Jason with his own strengths and weaknesses. It is currently one of, if not the BEST Jason you could have. Pay to win already implemented before launch.4. Still plagued by exploits, glitches, and bugs. The developers have said multiple times they have fixed some of these issues, and still they are being used. Odds are, if you're a good counselor you're dying to a ton of these constantly. Especially in the early weeks.5. Current ban system is complete garbage. If you're not recording your games, this means absolutely nothing to you. You have to have proof of some kind, and they say video is the best. To deal with all the♥♥♥♥♥♥in this game, you have to constantly be recording. Tons of toxic little kids play this game. If you name call one of them knowing or not knowing how young they are will get you banned over them. Even if they♥♥♥♥♥♥talk you first.I played so much of this game because I had two friends who would only play this. I would never play this game solo. It looked fun at first, but that was it. It only looked fun. Don't get me wrong there were some great times, but more often than not it was a♥♥♥♥♥♥show. These developers seem to be on the fast track of a cash grab before trying again on some other game. This game in it's current state is worth about $15, and $20 if they add some new content."
,Recommended,438740,31983269,Posted: 26 May,all,『LA』 Roi,"I can finally murder some sexy teenagers.Edit: Chad is too sexy, I can't kill him."
,Not Recommended,438740,33661676,Posted: 19 July,all,Mr. Gump,Game is not worth the money. The game itself gets really boring after a week of playing it. Objective gets  repetitive and the game itself puts you to sleep.
76561198097021470,Not Recommended,438740,33646205,Posted: 19 July,all,Neurolanis,"I might recommend this game in the future but I sure can't recommend it so far. As fun as it is, and I can really be a blast, if you don't have friends to play with you end up suffering with the occasional group of jerks who team up with Jason and toy with you and kill off the other players together. They make it into a game of their own at the expense of everyone else. This last group drove off without me and then when I caught up to me they said, ""Get in"" and of course drove me over before I got there. I came back as Tommy and they are hounded me still, laughing. A girl councillsor threw a knife at me as I fled. I have their names but I'm afraid posting them here might get ME banned because you're probably not allowed to do that, but there is of yet no way of reporting players in the game! I have these names and I want to do something with them, I just haven't decided how to go about it. There is too much gameplay abuse going on."
76561198293519671,Not Recommended,438740,33490830,Posted: 12 July,all,call me bee,"Can't play the game, keep getting an error.http://prntscr.com/fuz7rbIf anyone could help me, I'm sure this would turn into a thumbs up."
,Not Recommended,438740,31988724,Posted: 26 May,all,MongolianMisfit,"Not recommended in its current state.I'll start with saying I'm a huge F13th/Jason fan who has been looking forward to this game for quite some time, and had watched hours of streams prior to launch.This, however, cannot keep me from looking over the bigger issues currently in the game for the $40 price tag.For instance:-Major animation and clipping issues,-Game breaking bugs.-Extremely thin content.-Jason isn't overpowered, counselors are just ridiculously underpowered and simply boring to play as.-Having to sit through to till the end of a match (if you die) to get credit/exp...a complete snoozefest.The one major pro?...playing as Jason is a blast. But even this cannot excuse the aforementioned problems the game currently faces.I'll revisit this title after MANY content and quality of life patches.As an aside, the vocal minority of the fanbase are complete apologists, almost to the point of being creepily blind and overzealous, making for very poisonous forums/threads against those even midly disatisfied with their purchase.To each his own, but guys and gals, let's call a spade a spade."
,Not Recommended,438740,31993093,Posted: 27 May,all,Cube,"This game is not good. It has potential but currently the state its in and features it doesn't have I can't in good conscience recommend this title to anyone.Cons:-Can not rebind controls in a game released in 2017-Shift + Grab mechanic is stupid, in a week every Jason will be a pro at abusing this. This has a been a complaint since at least December last year in beta and the developer just doubles down on ""Jason is supposed to be OP like in the movies"". Know what my favorite part of the movies is? When Jason goes invisible and flies towards the campers at car speed then grabs them and kills them all within the first 5-10 minutes of the movie.-Hiding under beds/in cabinets is borderline worthless, between Jason's ""sense"" and your character never shutting up talking even when he's right next to you, it's just a free kill for him, unless you're very lucky and use hold breath and he's just walking by.-Being a councilor (87.5% of the game) is kind of boring.-Party system for multiplayer does not work-Can get kicked for being idle from games for a multitude of reasons that don't include you actually being idle(spectating while dead, driving a boat etc.)Pros:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Game has potential to be very fun with some changes or playing inhouse with house rules.- Great movie ambiance- Jason has alot of unique ways to execute campers depending on the environment around him.- Being hunted by a Jason that doesn't use shift + grab can be quite fun.Overall the game feels like it shoudln't be out of EA. It's unpolished and unbalanced, I know it's not supposed to be a compeitive title according to the devs, but at the very least it should be fun. The cat and mouse of jason chasing and stalking a camper is completely ruined by the near uncounterable shift + grab instakill. I personally feel they are out of their minds charging 40$ for a title in this current state.5/10 Do not recommend."
76561198274078804,Not Recommended,438740,31993378,Posted: 27 May,all,Dancinbananna,"AS OF NOW 1 DAY AFTER LAUNCH :This game isnt bad , looks good , and i love the killer versus survivor type of games , INCLUDING Dead by Daylight. Everyone seems to hate on either Friday the 13th or Dead by Daylight . The game is good , introducing a scenery known to fans of the movies : which is great . although at launch the matchmaking with your party was completely broken , joining in with randoms is fast and fun (at least in the US Region , heard othere have issues ) . I HIGHLY recommend people to have a headset/mic due to the fact that communication is key , since your team needs parts to escape unless you plan to hold out the match timer . and if a teammate dies and noone spoke noone would know where the body is laying , including the part your team needs ; that and one of the items usually found by some is a walkie talkie / radio . which allows you to talk to your other team members that contains one , although if you dont have oine you can talk to a team mate within a certain radius , INCLUDING jason . I have also bought this game to test different bugs and see how to avoid them on ps4 , since i cannot save my perks , due to saving the perk profile loading icon on the bottom right being there even in game , along with the brightness dropping so bad i can barely see , which is aa weird bug , In all honesty though this game does need some work with some bugs , and probably SHOULD have released as an earlyt access title , but thst wont stop me from playing this or dead by daylight , a these type of games are fun to play alone or with friends overall !Pros : Fun to play withLOOKS graphically greatLocations from the moviesCons : matchmaking with friends in party (AT THE MOMENT)bugs with perks , people unable to run the game ,loading issues .JASON SHIFT AND AUTO GRABBING - It is such a pain since ones he finds you if there is no building your sprint is unmeaningful since he basically teleports and auto grabs you if he does it right , and im sure people will complain to get a nerf on just that since it is pointless , at least a second or 2 COOLDOWN from grabbign after using would be GREATOverall : Cannot recommend this game to most players until the game recieves alittle more fixes , WILL CHANGE REVIEW WHEN THIS HAPPENS ,will continue to play this until then !EDIT : 5/30 4 DAYS AFTER LAUNCH - PLAYING WITH FRIENDS FIXED A DAY AFTER RELEASESTILL BUGGY BUt FUN TO PLAY WITH FRIENDS . still wont work for many , perks still broken, bugs still make some things unplayable"
,Not Recommended,438740,31997695,Posted: 27 May,all,DAN [GAYMER],"Although I have played less than 2 hours on this game I think that's all I needed to know I'm not happy with it. The game doesn't feel like a 2017 release. It feels much older. The characters faces during animations/reactions is absolutely cringeworthy. The characters are slow when you are exhausted from sprint. The controls don't feel right at all.This game is suppose to be a horror yet you see people walking around the house while Jason is kicking the door down. Why? Because they can't run! The characters are shouting ""Oh ♥♥♥♥, run!"" but they are walking around? LOL. It needs a lot of work.Yes, Jason is OP. The teleporting is rubbish, even in the films Jason has never been able to teleport so why in the game? Survivors basically have little to no chance of surviving a match because of how OP Jason is. I agree to a certain extent that killers should be OP but do away with teleporting and it'll be on the right PAR.I would request a refund but I feel this game has a lot of potential, I'm willing to keep the game and just HOPE that the devs will patch the bugs, make some changes and sort those dreadful facial reactions out. The game doesn't feel like a full release to me, more like a beta."
,Not Recommended,438740,32008551,Posted: 27 May,all,Kombin3,"I wanted to like the game, I really did. I waited for it, purchased it, and was plagued like many others by the launch catastrophe, including 100% of my games having the Black Screen of Death. Today, I was estatic when I saw they patched my problem, and I could actually play, but oh how I led myself astray. I gather Jason is supposed to be overpowered, I mean he is a supernatural force, and I was with many others who said it was fine, because he should be overpowered.However.What he should not be, is broken. If you give a character the ability to teleport, and blink, which is fine since most of the incarnations cannot run, you have to make it fair. Spamming the sense ability, teleporting to the survivors, and blink+grabbing is not a good mechanic. There is a ""Break Free!"" type moment by spamming E, but regardless of where you are, Jason can just as soon break your neck as soon as he lays fingers to it, meaning there is absolutely no point to struggling. The only way I could gather out of it, would be your ""shiv"" as I call it, or the get-out-of-jasons-hands free card.So then I thought to myself, surely with as many people complaining about this, they could be considering changing this, so I went onto the discord, and asked my question myself --kombin3 - Today at 8:20 PMCan I get a word from some upper management that Jasons teleport grab is how its gonna be for the forseeable future, and is working as intended? If I had a clue where or not the mechanic was being discussed on being changed, I would keep it. However, as much as I want to like it, and with fairness to everyone else and I'm glad their enjoying it, I'd rather have my money if thats just how its going to be for long term.[IllFonic] Zilchius - Today at 8:21 PM@kombin3 We have no plans to change the design at this time.So, unfortunately, I will be refunding this (hopefully) as I would love playing it, even if Jason is OP! However, their is a definite difference between being overpowered, and being broken. The immersion is perfect, the audio tones of when hes nearby sets the mood wonderfully, however not when he can have you any moment he wishes. At the end of the day, this is a game, and games are supposed to be winnable, however the chances of winning are slim at this point in development. Again, which would be fine, if not outright broken.Graphically, the game looks good, but nothing spectacular, and given that the game is coming from an indie-studio, it could be considered impressive by some. Overall, I would give the game a 3/10 for having their heart in the right spot, but poor game mechanic design. I couldn't help but feel a small global cooldown of 2-3 seconds after a teleport on the grab would solve many of the complaints about it, but as it was said earlier, it is not planned to be changed.I would keep an eye on it, and pick it up for no more than $10 on sale, and know what your getting yourself into beforehand."
,Not Recommended,438740,31979183,Posted: 26 May,all,Snoopa,"This is a game I have been waiting for since I first heard the news of it. Finally get to play or escape with the baddest mofo that has ever combined a machete, hockey mask, lake, teens, and some of the most creative kills on screen. Yes, I was stoked.I've enjoyed games of this nature. My favorite still being ""Damned"". But I'm not going to compare it to such games as that as other people are. Speaking about Dead by Daylight. With that being said here are my thoughts....I can't recommend this game to anyone in its current state. It is not worth the price of $40. The game was released with a ridiculous amount of bugs and glitches still within. Bodies flying out of Jason's hands. Weird teleporting straight to a kill. It had some funny moments but if I am paying that much for a game, it should be damn near flawless.Jason is too OP. I understand that he is supposed to be that way. But if he's got his sights on you, it's pretty death to you. Running, dodging, juking, etc will help a little. But overall,  most people don't have a chance. He has way too many senses in his arsenal. Sprint, teleport, sense, and more. The game needs to be balanced out some more.Leveling system and perks. I am not a fan of this when it comes to PVPish type games. I think this is what ruins a lot of games because perks could really make a person OP. I know there are people that like this system in games, which is fine, I just find it unfair for some of those casual gamers, like myself, who don't have time to build an OP perk for characters. Also, I believe that is what brings about a toxic community to a game. But this part is a subjective opinion.If you want the game, wait for a sale. Game is worth 20-25 dollars tops. I would be so bold to say 15 because of the amount of bugs. I only have it at a higher price because of how beautiful the game turned out. I would wait to make sure the devs fix these bugs and lower the price.  The amount of time they've spent making this game and the beta keys that were passed out, it should've been fixed."
,Not Recommended,438740,32003047,Posted: 27 May,all,[Void] Devator[NL],"Well, 25 minutes in (played two rounds, one as Jason and one as a councellor) and I got my refund. While I enjoyed my round as Jason the rest, nah. The FOV as a councellor kill's me. While I watched some streams before my purchase, all I can say is that this game is not worth €36,99 / $ 39.99. Maybe I'll pick it up later when it's for sale and people still play this game..."
,Recommended,438740,32121339,Posted: 1 June,all,Kekkeri,"2,99 Pocket knife, ♥♥♥♥♥!"
,Not Recommended,438740,33755922,Posted: 23 July,all,TrojanMan,it can be fun with the right people.the devs have seemed to vanish!!!  if you manage to stay alive and your last or next to last you will more than likely perish.0 team work and team killers a plenty.once you reach level 31 and theres nothing else to work for. clothes dont make or break a game.they come in and silently nerf great perks.if a lot of things change ill redo my review
,Not Recommended,438740,33693427,Posted: 21 July,all,NightRaven™ farmskins.com,♥♥♥♥♥fps +♥♥♥♥♥♥connection =♥♥♥♥♥♥experience
76561198031623950,Not Recommended,438740,33718571,Posted: 22 July,all,At0mCaT,"I run games with much higher system requirements and zero crashes or♥♥♥♥♥♥about ""memory could not be written"". I was willing to look past the people crying about getting banned and crying about people helping Jason. I played one game through that lasted like 5 minutes because my group managed to get the car and call the police. The next 10 tries to play the game were constant crashes 10 seconds into a round. I do not recommend this game right now. Save your $40.00.EDIT: After reading a few other reviews from a banned player AND a reputable tester with a video, I have officially requested (and have been notified that I will recieve) a full refund for this game. Reading a developers response on a steam review has convinced me that the people behind this game are pure trash. Backing cheaters and friends in addition to allowing 12 year olds to play an 18+ game has to be the epitome of garbage gaming. I hope Tom Savini gets wind of this and distances himself as far as he can from this game and the developers (especially you Praetorian, shame on you for ever thinking you're a positive representative of the game developing community) and finds a way to pull the plug on these guys."
,Not Recommended,438740,34788307,Posted: 6 September,all,thatRÀBBÍTdude,"Please do NOT buy this broken piece of garbage. This game is $40 and the developers have barely done anything with this game. This is an ALPHA game that they duped people into buying by calling it a ""full release."" It took them MONTHS to fix simple bugs in the full game allowing people to go COMPLETELY off of the map that was IN THE BETA. This was a problem BEFORE THE FULL RELEASE, yet it STILL made it into the game. You try to lock doors, you get the points, but the door doesn't lock. You have to attempt it 2 or 3 times to get it to actually lock. If Jason swings at you while you're going through a window, you come BACK inside instead of CONTINUING TO GO THROUGH. SO many things make what could have been a GREAT game into a horrible game. This was a TRASH game that they threw the Friday the 13th name on to so that these companies could make money, nothing more. The intention was never to make a great Friday the 13th game, but to make more money off of the name and trademarks. This game has made MILLIONS of dollars, yet the developers have moved on to other games and don't seem to care anymore. The community is toxic and there's nothing anyone can do about these players because they don't respond to any complaints that you send them. I wonder what bugs will come out when all this stuff drops in October that they won't do anything about until next Summer? Maybe the game will cause my computer to get the blue screen of death instead of crashing on me a dozen times a week."
,Not Recommended,438740,35080676,Posted: 20 September,all,Mercuryanka,"I would have refunded this game if I could. Not gonna play it untill the devs do smth about ppl who group queue and one person from the party team can become Jason and kill you with help from his mates. No thx.EDITED after I got the reply below: so instead of disabling the feature of becoming Jason when ppl group queue, I gotta report and / or record how his mates help him kill others. Nice responsibility transfer, really. Not only it will STILL ruin my mood and game experience but I gotta put time and efforts in banning ppl, where it takes 1 fix from the devs to prevent it fully. L-logic."
,Not Recommended,438740,34561477,Posted: 28 August,all,Delta Dolphin,There needs more content in the game tbh for $40-Pros. It is fun. Great with friends-Cons. Gets boring really quick. Not much content out still we only got so little new things for this gameSo I would wait until there is some good content added
76561198093598027,Not Recommended,438740,34781411,Posted: 6 September,all,The Doctor,"Its alright, Super buggy and not worth 40$. its more of a 10$-15$ game"
76561198110622369,Not Recommended,438740,34671748,Posted: 1 September,all,KoopaTroopaIII,"If I were to pick two words for this game they would be Wasted Potential. The concept is very fun and in the hands of an experienced dev team it MIGHT have worked. The issue is they aren't and it doesn't. The sheer amount of bugs makes the game more infuriating than anything else. IF you game doesn't crash while loading, IF the game doesn't have half the people leave game because they didn't get Jason, IF the Jason if someone who wanted Jason and not someone who set their settings to be a counselor and either doesn't want to play Jason and leaves or is so unskilled because they don't play Jason and IF your Jason doesn't bug out and teleport into a tree or lose the ability to use his skill moves against the counselors and IF you don't get a toxic♥♥♥♥♥group of people then you might have a decent game. While I don't fault the developers for toxicity or for people leaving game everything else is on them. If someone wants to play counselor let them play counselor. If your Jason teleports a tree shouldn't be a spot they can land in and cause them to get stuck and unable to move. The map shouldn't become locked and not allow people to teleport. You shouldn't get stuck on a rock and be unable to use kill moves. You shouldn't get stuck whie autoattacking a door and be in that spot bugged out while your counselors escape. You shouldn't have cars that ragdoll or get stuck on a pebble on the side of the rode and let your team die. You shouldn't get stuck on one trap while repairing something only to step out of it after breaking free and get stuck in another trap layered onto each other. You shouldn't have to deal with repeatedly tapping E trying to open a cabinet and get stuck or after to angle your camera correctly so that it doesn't get stuck or have you standing their staring at a wall. IF all of these were patched and the game didn't randomly crash because you Alt Tabbed, Opened a menu, Attempted to use teamspeak, attempted to open a door, attempted to melee Jason or to press buttons and play the game then MAYBE, JUST MAYBE I could recommend this game. Until then this is the most disappointed I've ever been in a game and hope that the developers fix their game so I can properly review it as a fully released game and not a beta that needed about another 6 months of work."
,Not Recommended,438740,34480269,Posted: 25 August,all,Skrufflesmcladen,"im gonna tell you some pros and cons about this game pros:its really fun cons: i cant think of any more pros, everybody in this game is a little **** and will leave you. now im gonna say some stuff that your ""friends"" will do 1. they will leave you 2. if you're right by the boat and they're starting it and jason isnt nearby they will still ******* leave you 3. im just gonna say what happend to me last match i was cornered by jason another guy just ran out of the building leaving me jason threw me out of the window i said thanks for helping and the guy that left me was like HAHAHAHAH **** OFF overall i dont reccomend this game cus the teamates are ***holes and they will not help you and because jasons grab is bs how? well idk maybe he can grab me when im 15 ft away anyways i dont recommend this game because of the crappy teamates and the bugs                                                 edit: and also i was just fighting with jason and he grabbed me but i was feeling confident cus i had a pocket knife so i struggled a bit but the pocket knife didnt work wtf?"
76561198400996999,Not Recommended,438740,34794320,Posted: 7 September,all,大貧民パスタ,"I met a cheat with physical strength indefinitely. I hit it six times with Jason.Although the other party does not use recovery medicine, it does not collapse.I can not find the value to play in this game with a cheetah."
76561198405817435,Not Recommended,438740,34098684,Posted: 8 August,all,BlackHulkHoganD1,community in the game is not good. i have gotten team killed way too many times. do not reccomend for 40 dollars.
,Not Recommended,438740,33870362,Posted: 28 July,all,Geralt Of Arkia,Still no fixes or extra content ...
76561197996950776,Not Recommended,438740,34427570,Posted: 22 August,all,baby jesus,"LUL its so bad. at its core its truely a fun game, however with a terrible community, terrible devs and all the bugs and glitches that have been present since launch I simply cannot recommend at full price. 39.99 for this game is absolutely absurd, if it goes half off or more would be worth picking up.expect to get teamkilled for no reason, or because you have an item another counselor wants. expect to have matches against a group who is using discord and the jason is on their team. yes this is actually very common.Devs please for the love of baby jesus fix your game."
,Not Recommended,438740,34386415,Posted: 20 August,all,Swaggo,"Played for 57 hours. Game broke and couldn't open. Tried to fix for 1 hour. Didn't fix.Will update if it does. But I really hope it doesn't.This game is bad compared to other multi-player horrors. Since I got this game I have never felt fear or tension.Do not buy in it's current state. Go play another game like DBD or something.EDIT:The game fixed itself today, but I don't want to play it."
,Not Recommended,438740,32010979,Posted: 27 May,all,SHADE,"Hello! I am the devoloper of FRIDAY THE 13TH: THE GAME! Thank you for you're $40 into our bank account! PayPal Money! Thanks customers! Thanks for wasteing you're money on a game that dosen't work and we all begged our mom's money for!  Data base failure! Its okay! WE are not fixing it! Friday the 13th game in a nutshell, get you're guy's stuff 2gether please we want to play"
,Not Recommended,438740,32010917,Posted: 27 May,all,Achmed Obunga,"Pros:-Fun game with people that talk and know what they're doing.Cons:-Very buggy, one wrong move in the main menu/progression and you'll have to restart the game-This game in a nutshell is an early access-Offline mode only consists of reading credits and editing settings, etc. (Changed won't even be saved lmao)-$40 seems a bit much for this type of game.-Game was delayed back in October for single player, AND IT'S NOT EVEN HERE YET.-99% chance of 1 or more people quitting the game before it even starts. It's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.-25% of the community are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, you fix the car/boat and they take off without you.-How-to consists of telling you what to do, and not HOW to do it.ex.Good: To escape Jason, try a nearby window and jump through it by holding SHIFT then E.Bad: To escape Jason, try jumping through a window.-Achievements/Progression is VERY broken. If you look at my profile, and see some of the achievements I have gotten from this game, they seem very common, but look at the %.All in all this game is mainly for people that have patience, and once you get to know the game, some of these cons don't bother you that much, we're pretty much just hoping for a fix!"
76561197999215504,Recommended,438740,31973763,Posted: 26 May,all,nordix,awesome game!
76561198403242584,Not Recommended,438740,33464540,Posted: 11 July,all,jamilkax31,its not letting me play
76561197993245528,Not Recommended,438740,31988820,Posted: 26 May,all,Booty Warrior,Jason needs one of his abilities removed at the least. Once he is near you it's just a matter of time till he kills you. Running away from him doesn't work since he can flash to close the gap. If you do manage to get away and hide it doesn't matter since he can activate sight to see through oubjects and highlights the counselor in red. After he kills a counselor he morphs to a new spot on the map and starts again.I used to play DbD quite a bit so I'm no stranger to this game type and how weak the survivors are. With enough player skill in DbD you can sneak around and dodge enough to possibly achieve victory. I think the balance in this game needs to change quite a bit.
,Not Recommended,438740,31993835,Posted: 27 May,all,Meludan,"Can i recommend the game right now?No, not really.Don't get me wrong, it's a good game and it makes fun but there are some points that forces me to say, don't buy it right now.- Heavy grind for Points to spend them on perks- Only three maps, so it's getting repetitive very soon- Jasons ""Wallhack"" is way too strong, once he can see you with it he can see you nearly everywhere and it wont really fade away- Combatsystem isn't really working- Mechanics/Balancing needs some tweaks very soon- I doubt that every item which helps to escape really spawns (Looking with 3 other for the fuze, noone found it)- Some parts on the map are hidden behind invisible walls (what is this? 2002?)- Bugs and other problems- Can't change keybindings (wtf?)- Price somehow to high for actual content- no points until end of round, so if you die early you have to wait till end of match to get points.... just... why?- Matches start without full Lobby... It's fun 3vs1... reallyAND- Locking one Jason for Backers instead of making him a skin only and they wont change that- People leaving without any penalty at match start when they don't become Jason- Matchmaking is just picking random people. EU plays with East Asia. USA with Middle East and so on....WARNING:Hackers already appearing in the game!It's a good game and if you can ignore the points above you should buy it, it's very intense and funny in it's own way. When the devs improve the most points above i will give a thumb up but not at the moment.~Updated because Patch with few bug fixes, still not recommended~"
,Not Recommended,438740,33726422,Posted: 22 July,all,Postal,"very dreadful gameframe rates is very poor not even getting near 50 fpsscreaming kids telling jason where people are at and bodyblock them then threaten to get people banned for gunning them down for attempted teamkilldevs posting a thread on discussions a badly made up ""terms of service"" which no one has agreed to/we don't have to follow these terms and will ban you if you tell a guy trying to kill you to ♥♥♥♥ off or somethingcan't change controls"
,Not Recommended,438740,33958678,Posted: 1 August,all,tacticalme360,Let me skip the intro logo screen. ♥♥♥♥ that ear♥♥♥♥♥♥music!!
,Not Recommended,438740,33818930,Posted: 26 July,all,The Goddess Of Creation,-Errors cant Launch the game sadly
76561198105409529,Not Recommended,438740,34666184,Posted: 1 September,all,Trojan Horse,too lagy for windows 10 pro takes too long to respond
76561198347016789,Not Recommended,438740,34341174,Posted: 18 August,all,Freewillllama92,too many bugs lol
,Not Recommended,438740,34367599,Posted: 20 August,all,Kuroritas,Just because:Bugged as♥♥♥♥♥♥Glitches like hellThe rule that you have to stay until the game ends OR you get nearly zero points. Good think you don really need them.Sooo no. Don't waste your money. The Dev's are even not loner interested in this game and take care about there hew ♥♥♥♥♥♥ project.
76561198043066316,Not Recommended,438740,34403436,Posted: 21 August,all,Orange Juice Jones,this game seriously disapoints me you pay 43$ and they have the balls to release paid clothing dlcs
,Not Recommended,438740,33316181,Posted: 6 July,all,BlazeZ,"""Fatal error:[File:F:\Perforce2\SummerCamp_release\SummerCamp\Source\ILLGameFramework\Private\ILLGameInstance.cpp] [Line: 64]  still game won't start. I think im gonna extradite the game"
76561198142488304,Not Recommended,438740,34915549,Posted: 13 September,all,Morbid,"All I will say about this game is, it was good the first few weeks then just turned to♥♥♥♥♥♥ ended up getting alot of bugs which can be fixed, but the real problem was the community that ♥♥♥♥ed this game up unfortunately, I'm a big fan of the f13 franchise but very disappointed with how this game turned out because of the salty community, f13 would have to be the worst of the worst communities around online to be honest, so I will give potential buyers a warning!!!!BUY AT YOUR OWN RISK!!!!I will say no more."
,Not Recommended,438740,34195259,Posted: 12 August,all,Hero of Space & Time,False EAC Kicks will not be tolerated.
,Not Recommended,438740,31981198,Posted: 26 May,all,MickeyMouse (TLM),"nice, stuck on the loading screen with ""Database Login Failure"", ill get my refund soon :DIm not recommending this game till the developer buy more server for their game, for me it was a stupid act, build a skyhigh hype, but didnt prepare for massive players."
,Recommended,438740,32095786,Posted: 31 May,all,Sir Dan,"Launch review -Quite simply, I've never enjoyed a game so much, that has so many issues and rough edges at launch.In fact, I've not enjoyed a game this much in a long, long time.The gameplay is atmospheric,  tense and addictive, the team work and real sense of comradery that I've experienced is second to none.I'm so excited for fixes and more content!One big down side that I've experienced (other than the obvious server and disconnect issues) is the Steam player base on F13.Very few people actively working together on PC,  betraying eachother, just wanting to sit for 20 minutes in a glitch....I'm a huge fan of the Steam community in general,  but if you can be happy with a solid 30fps, grab F13 on Xbox, best community of all three platforms on F13."
,Not Recommended,438740,33274842,Posted: 5 July,all,Jonte,"Buggy game.More bugs created than fixed.Incompetent developers.Repetitive.No regional matchmaking. Asians, amercians and europeans in the same lobby is common.Only voice chat which almost nobody uses.Could have been a great game but turned out ♥♥♥♥♥♥.Might be fun if you can play with 7 friends who lives nearby (lag often leads to weird bugs)."
,Not Recommended,438740,34725083,Posted: 3 September,all,EpicZeus,Game absolutely sucks. It seems with each new update Jason is made stronger. Now he has almost a 10 foot reach. Not only that he can shift and immediately grab you now.
76561198151644706,Not Recommended,438740,35132160,Posted: 22 September,all,Guy Geek,"I've had enough from this game!Instead of fixing things developers nerf perks, and even they reduced jason stun duration!And when they try to fix the game new bugs appear...Optimization is no more after last patch.Seriously Gun Media, Ilffonic do something, because it's annoying."
,Recommended,438740,33429195,Posted: 10 July,all,zachthewhack,"I have quite a few things to say about this game and while this review might be long, I hope you'll hear me out to the end, since this game does have a lot to offer. Firstly, I want to note that I watched this game for a bit before I bought it and from what I've seen and experienced, there have been a lot of positive changes to it that have helped it succeed. This game is far from perfect, but it has been improved upon since it was initially created and went from a nearly miserable state, to a condition that makes it playable and enjoyable.The gameplay itself is exciting and rewarding should you succeed. You won't necessarily be terrified or afraid all that often, but there will be moments that get you and every close call with Jason that you survive will feel great. Some of the best feelings in this game include escaping Jason with a last minute juke, going back to successfully rescue a survivor and escaping, and of course, working together to kill Jason Vorhees to send him back to h-e-double hockeysticks.However, what really sold this game for me was the community. I met a solid group of players early on through a micless random I had encountered in a match. These individuals are by far one of the best groups of gamers I've met through online gaming. Many of my hours in this game have been playing with them and honestly I don't know if I would've played as long as I did without them. We've created a steam group and discord outside of F13 and have begun to play other games together. This experience alone is really what made the game for me. I'd encourage you to buy this and find your community within the game, because as many other reviews have said, the people in this game really do make it what it is and if you can find a fun and respectful group of individuals to play with, you will tremendously enjoy yourself playing Friday the 13th: The Game.I'll give the game itself a 7.75/10 (due to its occasional bugs and launch issues) and the people I've met there a 10/10 and easily recommend it.(Disclaimer: I'm not saying everyone who plays this game is amazing and respectful, as that would just be untrue, but there are some amazing folks who play this game and finding them makes sifting through the bullsh*t worth it)."
,Recommended,438740,32898287,Posted: 27 June,all,Grievous Vinchuka 17X,Jason :D
76561198081799478,Not Recommended,438740,33846771,Posted: 27 July,all,FNov,To much bug and boring game
,Recommended,438740,35484788,Posted: 4 October,all,💙Jaeger💙,"When I first saw this game the price of it was just stupid, I mean come on, $40 for this game?!. Dead by Daylight cost $20 and people think that is good. So anyway, I think the graphics of it was good and the killer animation scence were amazing and lots of gore in it.Maps: 7/10Jason: 8/10Survivors: 7/10Death animation scences: 9/10I think that the devs should be focussing on the bugs in the game instead of creating new maps/new jasons and stuff, because players are really getting very♥♥♥♥♥♥off about bugs in the game and makes them give this game a bad raiting. So if you want to get this game than I think you should, but there will be bugs so watch out."
76561198152372950,Recommended,438740,31971494,Posted: 26 May,all,juuso3000,I got killed by jason but then someone called help with radio and i respawned as Tommy Jarvis i went near car there was 2 people they just fixed the car but and we started driving but jason stopped us he grapped our driver i got out of the car i started to aim at jason but i hit our driver she died then jason started chasing the second guy at the same time i took the car and drived to safety 10/10 (sorry for my bad english)
76561198169403279,Not Recommended,438740,32682499,Posted: 23 June,all,Whatever Man,"My in-depth F13 review: nope.TL;DR: a horribly overpriced bugfest. It gets boring real fast.The game has barely any content. Wanted to love this, but I can't.Dead by Daylight is better in every aspect. And the Shape destroys Jason, it's a fact."
,Not Recommended,438740,33613789,Posted: 17 July,all,Insert Name Here,Gets boring and repetitive to many glitchers to. Overpriced if lower would be perfect
76561198062496477,Not Recommended,438740,34543778,Posted: 27 August,all,Nooby,"This game is a mixed bag for me with more negative thoughts than positive.It's essentially a multiplayer game where you and other players play as camp counselors trying to avoid Jason and escape or you play as Jason Voorhees, the unstoppable killer from the Friday the 13th series. It was a Kickstarter game.I'll go with the positives:1. It's a great representation of the movies with the environment and music.2. They got back veterans of the series like Harry Manfredini to do the music and Kane Hodder to play Jason again.3. The look and feel is defintely 1980's as when the Friday films came out4. You can play as the different versions of Jason with the exception of Freddy vs Jason, Jason X and the reboot due to rights issues and Part 4 because it's just the Part 3 outift with an axe mark to the mask. Great job with attention to detail on the Jasons.With the negatives now:1. The developers and moderators can ban you for the slightest offense. I learned about this after playing.2. You don't get to pick to play who you want as a counselor or Jason, it's always random3. Sometimes players will kill themselves as counselors and that takes away the fun of playing as Jason.4. The community is very toxic especially onlineThe next one is a big one that made me stop playing:5. Exclusive DLC: This has divided the community a lot. Basically, an original version of Jason designed by Tom Savini was made as an exclusive gift for those who backed the game in Kickstarter and as an extra for backerkit. The developers made it clear that this version of Jason would never be sold at all and it's clearly the gamer's fault for not knowing about it in their minds. Somehow, Microsoft and Sony managed to get ahold of it. It's also made the people who got it very arrogant and elitist as they have a Jason that is clearly good and most people (like me) who pre-ordered it can't have it. Also, the DLC was put up for sale on eBay.The developers pretty much said ""You should've know about this game and bought the Jason, tough♥♥♥♥♥♥you missed out""The developers should've known they were playing with fire when they did this.I've never been a fan of exclusive DLC.6. Bugs: The game can get very buggy at times. I still haven't been able to unlock achievements no matter what I did.Overall, you can choose to buy and play it, but at your own discretion."
76561198095718358,Not Recommended,438740,34767967,Posted: 5 September,all,rahoome_6,worst game ever cant even join a game fix your game
76561198160728946,Recommended,438740,35153187,Posted: 23 September,all,sneaky_ninja,one of the best survival games
76561197980301339,Not Recommended,438740,34237786,Posted: 14 August,all,DaYzR0w1n3,"I really disliked this game. Poorly executed, gameplay is disappointing, devs should find themselves other jobs, as videogames surely aint for them."
,Not Recommended,438740,31969068,Posted: 26 May,all,Bowpie,"Currently in its state its basicaly a Jason killing simulator. Jason is too overpowered being able to kill a survivor nearly instantly once he catches them, which isnt even that hard. Being able to teleport short and long distances gives him to much of an advantage. I'm only keeping and playing the game as its fun only when you play the killer and mess around with the survivors."
76561198073459153,Not Recommended,438740,34548791,Posted: 28 August,all,Bread or Alive,"Months later, I can't even launch the game without a hard crash, and there has been no fix whatsoever. gg, best game."
,Not Recommended,438740,34892833,Posted: 11 September,all,XENO,Devs are horible
76561198246521970,Not Recommended,438740,34767856,Posted: 5 September,all,Tuna,"Game itself is fun. Things that ruin the game is that people team up with Jason, atleast 3 people quit because they're not chosen as Jason, lots of glitches, and having to wait the entire match just to get exp. Atleast make it so we don't have to wait the whole game in order for us to obtain our exp."
,Recommended,438740,32406127,Posted: 14 June,all,SpazmanianDevil,"I am addicted to this game. It's fun and never gets old! Sure there's a finite number of maps and ways to escape/kill but for me it never gets tiresome. That being said, I could easily see a Steam Workshop incoporating itself into this game nicely.Anyway, the gameplay is very cat and mouse.  I wouldn't call this a particularly scary game even though it's clearly riddled with elements of horror. The music is about the scariest thing in the game. So if you're interested in buying it for a scare, consider something else.I really like it. I do. I definitely recommend this game."
76561198044990004,Not Recommended,438740,34719795,Posted: 3 September,all,LaurArt,Friday the buggedThere are many bugs and everybody laughs at you and insults youIt´s  better Dead By Daylight
,Recommended,438740,31977411,Posted: 26 May,all,Vesmeri,Choke me daddy simulator 2k17
,Recommended,438740,32500430,Posted: 17 June,all,Tranquilo,"I'll begin by saying, yes. This game is not perfect. What it is, however, is a fun nostagia trip that gets even more fun when you find folks who are aiming to have fun as well. The groundwork is here, it should only get better the longer the game is out. I say have patience, try to report as many bugs, cheaters or what not you can find, and have fun. Because that's what this is about, isn't it?"
76561198009279543,Not Recommended,438740,35010911,Posted: 16 September,all,Supreme Petters,Dead by Daylights autistic brother.
76561198005714767,Recommended,438740,31976099,Posted: 26 May,all,Swaglappen,Chi chi chi ... ah ah ah ...
,Not Recommended,438740,32006918,Posted: 27 May,all,Incurably_Kali,"Database error simulator. Buggy doors. Annoying load screen deafening attempts. Yep, pretty much. Wait a lonnnng time."
,Not Recommended,438740,32054351,Posted: 29 May,all,Kerwin,"Game needs a lot of fixing, it's has a lot of bugs on release, server stability problems, as well as Peer-2-Peer hosting with terrible pings with no way to filter out forign players.It's fun, I put a ton of hours in beta, and I like the game itself, its pretty good when playing with friends you know.Just... needs a lot of work and polishing. I suggest waiting for a deal. $40 is a bit to much for it."
,Recommended,438740,32957206,Posted: 28 June,all,Raechel,"Yellow ping lobbies, teammates that don't know English, 12 year olds screaming in your ear, trash talking Jason, getting team killed, getting long armed by Jason. Good game tho 👌"
76561197995029154,Not Recommended,438740,32042630,Posted: 29 May,all,Arec Balrin,"A toxic community has bedded-in over the release weekend due to the devs mishandling of the database login error among other things. Failure to properly update players always splits and polarises a community between those making flame and critical posts and those who will defend the developer no matter what. These people do not distinguish between flames, whines and understandable vents and clear criticism: they spew bile at everything.Straightforward questions to the developers have recieved no answers and compounded the already widespread dumbfounded ignorance and gullibility among the white knight player-base. I want this game to succeed, certainly a lot more than those who don't want it to ever be criticised, but also a lot less than I did only a few days ago. My enthusiasm has waned as I've lost confidence in the developer: if they couldn't handle this very predictable crisis, then Friday The 13th is unlikely to see the in-game improvements it needs quite badly(and it has barely been improved since the alpha some months ago).The developers can do something about the state of the game, but more urgently they need to deal with the toxic community they've created. I don't hold much hope."
76561198030501681,Not Recommended,438740,32013279,Posted: 27 May,all,Monkeys,For the price and what is offered I cannot recommend the game. Devs keep saying they aren't AAA but they priced it at digital AAA pricing and raised 2M+ in Kickstarter and SlackerBacker funds. Very little content and it feels like a early access game. Wait for a sale or the singer player update to see if it's better. I have a feeling the online lobbies will be empty in a month or so thought.
,Not Recommended,438740,34413747,Posted: 22 August,all,Jetkser,Dead By Daylight.
,Not Recommended,438740,31992395,Posted: 27 May,all,Paxie,I will rebuy this after a price drop. Its fun and addictive and feels like a real horror survival mp game unlike dbd. But the problems with the game and lack of playerbase is not worth the 40 im sorry.
,Recommended,438740,31965040,Posted: 25 May,all,TROLLMES,'Mommy has a reward for you!'
,Recommended,438740,32208122,Posted: 5 June,all,Voidolt,"Don't buy this now!!! WARNING!This game has now a lot of bugs and problems...I can say this game is very funny, there is a problem with communication, a lot peoples don't use microphone or also they don't speak in english language, i hope they will make a region of servers, that's my big minuses.Also i lost all my perks by selling them, its a exploit from yesterday from hackers, if you enter to a lobby and you will catch a lucky hacker then you will lost all perks by selling them for CP... No idea if i will get them back. I hope they will fix this soon (06-05-2017).Also there is a bug with steam achievements, you can't count achievements on quick play, only in private servers but not all of them. I got one achievements to play one of each counselors and i didn't played all counselors... So achievements are broke right now.About price, i don't care. I hope they enjoy my money because it's their first or second game.Like i said, don't buy this now untill they will fix all the problems... It's really annonying.This game is a success, yeah of course i hope they will fix problems as soon as possible.So for now my rate is 6/10. (NEUTRAL)"
,Recommended,438740,32157081,Posted: 3 June,all,Vodkanadian,"Game's a blast. Yes, you're going to loose a lot, Jason is brutally overpowered. But did you know you can still have fun while loosing? It's not DbD, there's areason the game died, don't buy this and expect the same troling jukefest. Here, the killer takes the short end of the stick and impales you with it. Perks are non-invasive and won't break the game balance, Killer feels like a real killer, objectives are dependent on comunications to solve in a timely manner.Get ready, Friday's not over yet. Grab the big boy pants and show him who's boss... or just get your head smashed on a doorway, whatever you want."
,Recommended,438740,31977414,Posted: 26 May,all,TheLaw,Great game. love it. havnt discoverd many bugs
,Recommended,438740,32082982,Posted: 31 May,all,ImFrenLee,Very good and intense game. Jason is a bit too OP towards counselors at the momment but it's the way it is. Beautiful graphics although i don't think the game should be price $48 since it looks like it still in Early access but it's still worth it. Hopefully the dog will release dinner because god damm this game is so fun.
76561197978115971,Recommended,438740,32087351,Posted: 31 May,all,Gauvinator,Absolutely love this game.  I'm having a blast playing it so far.  It's not perfect due to bugs and also the server problems that were going on but seem to be good now.  I love the friday the 13th setting and being able to walk around the campgrounds.  This game can get pretty intense when you are on the run.   I do wish the animations looked better and had smoother transitions but it's still a new release so hopefully it'll become more polished over time.  I'd say it's worth the money and worth checking out.
,Recommended,438740,32082936,Posted: 31 May,all,ShieldsOnWheels27,"I am in love with this game! As a huge fan of the FT13th I am ridiculously happy with how this game turned out. I believe there could be some improvements here and there but I know that the developers are working hard to fix all of these issues and so far they are doing a good job. If you're a slasher fan, this is definitely recommended. JASON LIVES!"
,Recommended,438740,32119493,Posted: 1 June,all,TenenT,"This game is cool, a lot of fun, objectives and you can kill jason. That is amazing!!!"
,Recommended,438740,33050101,Posted: 30 June,all,solar,Best game
76561198135423353,Recommended,438740,32164914,Posted: 3 June,all,A PC Pedophile,Don't listen to the negative reviews. They're mostly from kids who only play CS:GO and complain about server issues that can be easily fixed. The game is incredibly fun both ways. I reccomend buying it.
76561198010450247,Not Recommended,438740,32739082,Posted: 24 June,all,THOA,"really a good game but really not recommend for SEA player since there was no dedicated server (ping 250+) which really effect the game, Jason player can morph and grab before you can even react anything and when you play Jason , throw knife is really need to considerate about 1sec lagging which cause a miss , even grab also hard with delay.Although you can adjust yourself to lagging , a player with less ping still hold advantage than you.For now,  only recommend to play private match from player or freind with same area."
,Not Recommended,438740,32977765,Posted: 29 June,all,eRogue,"It's worth between $15 and $20.  If you're going to purchase it, do so asap.  It's a fresh game, but that will wear off soon enough."
,Not Recommended,438740,32017393,Posted: 28 May,all,Scary Monsters,"Pathetic.Unfinished, bugged, no update since June, full of kids and cancerous teammates, stupid design choices."
,Not Recommended,438740,32970301,Posted: 28 June,all,Zero,"This game is by far one of the funniest displays of broken game mechanics and wonky controls I've ever had the grace of playing. That being said, it's not why anyone should buy it. Friday the 13th plays more like an episode of Scooby Doo on mushrooms than the horror thriller it's trying to be. The controls are possibly the worst you could imagine them to be and the way you play is supposed to be nothing but cheese."
76561198156460923,Recommended,438740,32166447,Posted: 3 June,all,B.P.G,I would recommend this game i really like it
,Not Recommended,438740,32977780,Posted: 29 June,all,noleadge,"overrun by twelvies, bugs, tpkers, ♥♥♥♥wits that force me to sit through the entire ♥♥♥♥ing match just cause they were getting us killed anyway and didnt like my advice ♥♥♥♥ this game it is a good meme with 7 other friends but it seems to be a ♥♥♥♥ fest otherwise"
,Recommended,438740,32028671,Posted: 28 May,all,Cyotey,"If you love Dead by Daylight you will love this game. There are some pros and cons right now you should know about though.Pros-Survivors can't run forever which was one of the annoying and unrealistic thinks about DbD (although I know it isn't meant to be realistic).-The map doesn't favor one or the other. I think the chasing portion was done pretty well and Jason is slow to run giving you plenty of time to find a way to defend yourself.-The map is big and randomized every time ensuring every game is completely different.-Jason is great to play with. I love smashing through doors, smashing windows, setting traps and executing survivors. His executions are very satisfying and there's plenty of ways to kill your prey. Smashing them into walls and doors, throwing them in and out of windows, crushing their windpipe, (which are both very easy to do making it unfair for councelors) and once progression is fixed there will be plenty more to see and do. I can't wait!-Survivor reactions to other player deaths have made me jump multiple times and I think this is a great addition.-Every Jason and survivor has upsides and downsides further making every game different.-A few ways to escape: Call the cops and wait, repair the cars and/or boats available to drive away or survive for a full 20 minutes.Cons-Killing with Jason is way too easy. Just simply pick someone up, wait 3 seconds and instant death is available. It would be better for that to take a lot more time to charge up. That should be available at the halfway point or around the last 5 minutes.-Some stun times are too short. With knives I think it's about where it should be. He takes it out and he can't run for a few seconds afterwards giving plenty of time. Guns wounds however are easier. Jason falls and you mash E to get back up which takes about 5-6 seconds. It should be a much bigger penalty for that.-While combat isn't meant to be a survivor strongpoint and all stats are different I feel that it's virtually impossible to fight Jason off. When you hit him he doesn't flinch. Unless you have a gun (or unless he's picking someone up and you have a window) you're screwed. If there's going to be survivor combat they should be a tad better. Then again, I can't unlock the others yet as the progression is currently broken.OverallAs it stands now I expected problems and I'm still having a blast. Just like Dead by Daylight, it isn't perfect and needs tweaks. If you're a diehard fan of Dead by Daylight or horror in general like me  I'd say the $40 is worth it. If not, stay away for now. The devs already worked on one immediate issue and care about the game and the game is already more stable than Dead by Daylight ever was. Thumbs up so far for me!UpdateDay one problems are fixed and the game is great. Like with Dead by Daylight there are moments where things just don't seem to make sense but with how unpredictable this game is it topples Dead by Daylight with ease! Once you know what you're doing, the game plays pretty fair most of the time. While some don't agree, I only stand by my words further now that this game is indeed worth double the price of DbD. You will run into a select few jerks and morons like all online games but a quick mute does the trick!Update 2As long as you have a team that is willing to work together you have a much better chance at escaping or by the very least surviving longer. You will run into complete d-bags that only hide, run away when they can clearly help or act like they're perfect and tell you that you suck or even possibly try and team kill you. It adds to the variety at least though."
,Recommended,438740,32102089,Posted: 1 June,all,Casavant,10/10 Would escape again.
,Recommended,438740,32163565,Posted: 3 June,all,thunderleg,"All the bugs that are getting the game negative attention will inevitably pathed out. A tiny team made this game which lives up to AAA standards. Add a few more maps and be patient with the devs hard work and there is a really great game here. As a Friday The 13th fan too It makes me love it even more. Buy the game and see if you like it, think for yourself. +++++"
,Not Recommended,438740,32044223,Posted: 29 May,all,AdolfHitman,"This is rediculous! I had a positive review for this game, but I have completley changed my mind. I tried to help the devs by posting about a bug on the forms, and then I get permanently banned from posting there -.-. Wtf devs is this how you treat people who are trying to make your game better ? The ""ban reason"" box was empty you could have at least said what I did wrong. Also ive checked the steam guidelines and there was nothing wrong with it, its not like I was critsing the game or anything, literally just posted about a bug. >:(This game is filled with bugs and I wanted to try to help o_O"
76561198170029855,Recommended,438740,32075003,Posted: 30 May,all,wolfhunter362,"i was soooooo hyped for this game trailer a couple of years ago, and was not disappointed when i bought this game. 10/10"
76561197982115134,Not Recommended,438740,33771307,Posted: 24 July,all,The  Ish,"It was fun for awhile. Too few maps, and not much of an incentive to play the game. Being Jason is the most exciting part of the game. Probably more fun with a large group of friends but not sure how long the fun would last."
,Not Recommended,438740,33839949,Posted: 27 July,all,✪ Funky,Dont like this game!!soo ♥♥♥♥ing boring only 8 people!!!When you are 1 vs 1 its ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,438740,33867580,Posted: 28 July,all,[MyTh]HatlessMuffin,to be honest its a good game but you do get bored people dont take it to far not much content is left.
,Not Recommended,438740,33972284,Posted: 2 August,all,Kiro,"Please, Hear me out on the DV.Got to love being called an♥♥♥♥♥for calling out a group for cheating by sharing information then wasting 15 mins of my time.I even reported them with video evidence and still no response.Fun game. As long as people arnt teaming up with Jason... (unless its 2 randoms with limited information and not sharing map locations... walking with jason to areas is fine... telling him where people are on the map so he can teleport around and kill everyone asap... is aids. Hell I wouldnt even mind being killed by another non-Jason player... as long as its funny and they rp it and I share that information on the radio to everyone if I have one... have at it.. but not acknowledging me when I ask how jason is just teleporting and insta-killing people in a row is not fun for anyone.)I stopped playing because of teaming and then BSing around a campfire for a whole 10 mins... exillerating gameplay.Thats my explination for the DV.TL;DR Teaming by location sharing in external VoIP software is killing this game. Do that in private matches."
76561198146068241,Not Recommended,438740,33640706,Posted: 18 July,all,[MNI] Khaos,"I haven't even been able to connect to a single match. I also have some serious concerns about the price of the game next to the ONE gamemode that they have. It is just Dead By Daylight only more expensive, with only one killer (even though Jason is very iconic), and only a few maps to play on. Also much more bugs. I can't justify the buying price with the content in the game. I refunded the game because it DIDN""T work, so I haven't played the game myself enough to even give people a somewhat positive outlook. Don't buy this game until its price lowers. I've seen some people saying they've gotten banned for♥♥♥♥♥♥talking ingame, killing exploiters (when they wern't Jason) etc. I cannot see this price as worth the very little content that I wanted to play, but couldn't because ♥♥♥♥ me, I guess.Now IF I buy the game again, and it works and I have fun, then I might change the recomendation."
,Not Recommended,438740,33743541,Posted: 23 July,all,Duckii-chan,"Refunded this game...Runs the game for the first time, it crashes; runs the game a second time, crashes when game starts; runs it for the third time, crashes mid game.The crashing was basically sequenced for me, its so fustrating to deal with it, you dont even know how to help it.Additionally, every single player I get placed with had over 100 ping, so during the third time playing, I was bouncing around everywhere. Not to forget that it absolutely♥♥♥♥♥♥♥my RAM, I got the error message for the first time in like A YEAR?"
76561198130895053,Not Recommended,438740,33739160,Posted: 23 July,all,Hetarth Mahida,Worst game ever. Doesn't work even a little good with low or medium end pc. If you have a high end/gaming pc then only buy this game. Also the game has a lot of glitches. The most frequent one was getting stuck inside a window. I give it 1/10 stars.
,Not Recommended,438740,33758267,Posted: 23 July,all,THE TRUMPINATOR,needs better servers omg im getting like 300ms and its just awful thank god for steam refund
76561198066624838,Not Recommended,438740,33975851,Posted: 2 August,all,Cher,"Your team works with Jason to get you killed,  Jason can trap the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the escape routes so you have no way of escaping, and the gameplay is boring as hell and SEVERELY lacking in variety. Cheaters are a huge problem which devs don't want to address, and the game relies on the well known name of the franchise as opposed to decent gameplay."
76561198188469431,Not Recommended,438740,33643366,Posted: 18 July,all,VoilentAura,"You know what game dev, you really went above and beyond to really, really make sure to ♥♥♥♥ me over repeatedly. Honestly, game sucks. Can't tell you how characters move. Or anything like that, it just ♥♥♥♥ing sucks and I am beyond frustrated that all these ""patches"" make the game better. What exactly are you doing to improve game play? It's all garbage. Nothing ever works. And what makes me more mad, is the fact that you ignore all the complaints of fixing the problems. I don't give a crap if you are only three people. I don't care. You made the game. You sent it out for players to PLAY. So get your lazy♥♥♥♥♥in front of the computer, take a moment to consider if you want to be a game developer or if this was just a cash grab. A REAL, now here me out, a real game developer will spend more hours fixing patches, improving requests, getting back with forums and other websites just to make sure everything is nice and smooth. And if you are trying to become a triple A game developer, you need to back up and figure out where this game is going. Right now, if I had a copy, a physical copy, it would be in the trash. It's garbage. I have never had such bad support and very little commitment for a slasher game. I am very disappointed and would not reccomend this game to anybody. Not even my worst enemies. DONT pay this much money. It's a rip off. Seriously go by a better game than this. If the developer won't commit to the community concerns/complaints, then it's a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t game and you should not support them. There are still reviews not to long ago who believe nothing has changed in the game and I believe their word, I can't get passed the logos before the game instantly crashes. I want a refund and you sholdn't buy this game.Also, if your being a little prick about banning people, GROW the ♥♥♥♥ UP. Just because they talk about how bad the game is, doesn't mean you  instantly ban people who paid a crap game. Really? How old are you four? It would be lovely, and honor, to be banned, but sadly I can't get past the screen. So in a way, you can't wrap your head around people talking about you in-game. But I am takling about you bad game dev for ♥♥♥♥ing us over with a 40 dollar piece of garbage game. If you won't commit to your community like others have by buying your game, then walk away, or fix the god damn problem."
,Recommended,438740,32003623,Posted: 27 May,all,Raven,"Ok, so I am reading these reviews and all I keep seeing is not enough content for the price when in fact no one knows if there will be added maps, counselors, perks, jasons...etc.  In the future.  And honestly spending 40 on a game that has already given me almost 10 hours of entertainment is worth 40 usd.  Anyway please do not let people whining about the price dissuade you from trying this fun game.Secondly, there has been issues with the servers.....The devs have been forth coming in the communication department in letting us know progress and fixes they have done.Thirdly, If you are trying to compare this to DBD you can't.  There is no real comparison because to me you can not outrun the killer...no real way to juke.  Jason is never going to be balanced with counselors....its not meant to be.  And it can be very hard to escape you will need help ...you will need to work as a team.  And even then you may not escape but you may be able to help 4 other people escape in a car or two others in a boat because you found pieces .  There is no taunting or teabagging jason....unless you just want to die.  That grab is no joke! heheAnyway, I like this game and yes there has been bumps in launch but honestly i will play this game for awhile especially with friends.  Lots of laughs and screams."
,Recommended,438740,32147467,Posted: 3 June,all,StageMagique,Many variables bolster the replay value of Friday the 13th.1) suspenseful music...  shh-shh-shh-ha-ha-ha2) group chat3) limited peripheral vision4) and general creepiness of Jason's abilties
76561198169731902,Recommended,438740,32953693,Posted: 28 June,all,Walse14,"Friday the 13th, an iconic horror movie series starring the infamous killer known as Jason. Now we have a game dedicated to the movies with characters from the movies and different Jason's to play as. Here are a list of pros and cons to this game and why you should buy it.Pros-Easy to pickup-Addicting-You can play with 7 other friends-Dedicated servers which are actually decent-Okay graphics-Voice chat is funny because you can talk to Jason and do alot of stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥to make people laugh.Cons-Jason is a little bit too good at the moment in my opinion.-A little glitchy and buggy but thats to be expected-Price... I don't personally think this game should cost 40 dollars.Overall I rate the game 8.5/10. Its really fun and addicting and I personally could play this game for hours. You should pick this game up if you like survival horror type games. Other titles that come to mind are Dead By Daylight."
76561198262707121,Not Recommended,438740,34086710,Posted: 7 August,all,raxcave,"Requested a refund already, game is not what is to be said, i felt like cheated, most match are 1 killer and his friends vs others, no way to report, reading other review i dont think i will get any help from devs, mostly likely get banned in proces,   less then a hour of play time and i feel like i have been cheated, which i never felt with any other game i owned, i would have tried to be good at this by trying to learn it, but right now i don't think there is any machines that can be placed to stop players from abusing , hell in my last player friend of killer, killed more survivors then jeason himself.  this game is not good right now, unless they fix althis and ensure if someone report other player for doing it , he himself won't get banned instead,"
76561198113621756,Not Recommended,438740,34199841,Posted: 12 August,all,Commie Octopus,This games is a really fun game but if the devs are going to be ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s it makes it not fun. I dont like being worried about being baned for breaking some rules. You dont ban people for breaking rules u ban them for hacking or constantly being a huge problem. If the devs realize that there not being professional i will start playing the game again.
76561198154265546,Recommended,438740,32189331,Posted: 4 June,all,Firmamento(c'est la vie),"Good game.But prepare yourself, cuz the ultra-violence is real.Escape or die.Been trying hard to kill Jason LOL"
76561198065679265,Recommended,438740,31977557,Posted: 26 May,all,CRAZZY,very gud gem very scary and intense
76561198083515250,Recommended,438740,31986221,Posted: 26 May,all,Braddie,"Game is actually pretty great, when it works.I know this is the first day it's out and it's supposed to have it's bugs but some of the crucial parts are missing. I can't even play with friends in a party because once we find a game it kicks us all but the host out. Death animations lack any kind of scary elements and once you die you litelly move like a blob. Flare gun constantly glitches and matchmaking takes way too long, just to have people quit and go into a game with 1 other counselor and 1 Jason, a super fair 2v1. ..As I said I loved this game but some things just make it unplayable, I do reccomend it though since the gameplay is what matters and it's actually great. 8/10 including bugs"
,Recommended,438740,32288259,Posted: 9 June,all,Papi Dwight |Twitch|,"Reasons to play this game:-ChadReasons to not play this game:-Chad( the guys that played with me and other Chas will understand ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°))-Random bugs that make you tilt when playing Jason and you think about killing yourself but then you realise that wasnt that bad killing 1 in 8 ""survivors"" and being shamed as a banobo.... ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
,Recommended,438740,32070865,Posted: 30 May,all,Rich White Boy,"To whom it may concern:  Jason is supposed to be Overpowered.  If he was so easy to escape and/or kill, the game would be even more boring.  Btw, yes, he can die.   Look it up.With that aside, even with him being very powerful, it truly depends on who is playing Jason in your lobby.  I've had many matches where the one playing Jason is really bad at playing Jason, and we all escape. I've had matches where Jason is too cocky, and I manage to escape being the last one alive.  I've also had matches where the one playing Jason DEMOLISHES EVERYONE.  It also comes down to your skill as a counselor.  If you barricade doors, set traps, and COOPERATE, you have a higher chance of survival than you think.This is a horror game.  You are supposed to fear Jason.  If he got nerfed, it would kill the game completely. (Mabye a SMALL grab nerf would work,  but it would be risky nerfing at all).  Sometimes, you just got to suck up your losses, and...GIT GUD."
76561197973956074,Recommended,438740,32057592,Posted: 30 May,all,Niv3s,"So Salty.That's what they should name this game, because people get SALTY.The aim of playing jason is to terrorize and kill all of the counselors, so if poeple get salty, you're doing your job.The aim of the counselor is to run around like a wimp and try and escape, sometimes this is really hard, sometimes this is really easy, but whether or not you win or lose, you still get good exp from each match, so it's not really worth crying over when you lose.The only thing that is annoying are players camping out the last few minutes of the game if they're the last one's, good Jason players will find you and kill you, bad one's won't. Welcome to most games.The game however is sound, they have put a fair amount of work into the progression and the multiple maps/jasons/counselors give you a fair amount of customization to your play style.I don't know what people are complaining about not getting into maps with friends, i've played all of my games with mates and we've only been dc'd from each other once.The first few days there was issues surrounding server location, but even that has cleared up A LOT now, and most games i'm in have 90% players below 50ping.This game is fun with friends and randoms, but even more fun with a whole team of friends (people probably salty because they don't have any)Can't wait to see further updates and content from devs, but not holding out for it as i know the team itself is quite small.I would give this game 9/10 as far as indi games go, and as far as fun goes 10/10 for friends.Very true to the movies, and if you love friday the 13th and Jason, you'll be hard pressed to hate this game, unless you hate sucking at games, then you'll probably write a negative review."
76561198312189234,Not Recommended,438740,31981341,Posted: 26 May,all,Taybro,"I don't believe the game is worth $40 but I have yet to even get onto a working server. I did play on the closed beta thanks to a friend and we had fun even with bugs and server problems but there doesn't appear to be a clear timeline when the game will actually work. Save your money until they invest in better/more servers.Edit: will try to update when working, whenever that is.Edit 2: I got in after a bit, a friend still can't get in. The game is kinda fun. Jason is so overpowered that when, not if, he finds you, you die. There is no way around it. Even with max stealth he can still sense you if you move at all or with his abilities. That coupled with the remaining bugs like after taking Jason for a run, I jumped out a window, which he smashed and then grabbed me through the window before I could stand up to kill me instantly with a finishing move before I could even start to attempt to break free.Everything aside, I think this should be competitively priced around $20. Even paying for servers which keep crapping out isn't worth it. They should have gone P2P as crazy and backward as that sounds. There is the possibility for a fun time with a bunch of friends but as it stand online with rando's that have high ping, the bugs and Jason's (Overpowered) 'abilities' I can not recommend this game for $40 in good faith."
,Recommended,438740,32457604,Posted: 15 June,all,Ontes,"Royal to the movies, Extremely fun and a perfect game to spend summer with friends.That would be my first impressions of the game, but i will go on details. First of all, voice comminication has never been more fun and realistic in any video game. People can only hear you if you are close to them or if you both have walkie talkies. And you cant imagine how many times i laughed my butt off because of some awesome roleplay. People's screams, betrayals and awesome moments make great RP stuff and no other game has achieved this yet. The gameplay is also really fun, Jasonn or Counselor, both roles are extremely fun. As a Jason, you try to find and kill all of the other 7 members in brutal ways, and your MOBA-like skillset helps you a lot. Jason can teleport, get insanely fast, grab, gets stealthy, sense and do other cool stuff and  counselor's tries to escape his wrath with fixing and driving car's, boats, calling the police, stalling jason or killing Jason (extremely unlikely in real game enviroment). All Councelor's have diffrent roles and abilities. Some are fast and stall jason, some are strong can stun jason and kinda fight with him, some or intelligent they can fix stuff esc, so awesomely designed. There are also lots of Jason's seen in diffrent movies that each has diffrent Pros and Cons. There are only 3 maps. But they are not extremely diffrent, They do look alike. Graphics are also really good, some animations are clunky though, especially face animations and picking up, using animations but they all are in open world survival TPS games. Music are great, same music as the movies, So if you have close friends that you like gaming with, play this, its not competitive, its not frustrating, the only thing you do in this game is fun. Enjoy:Pros+ Extremely fun gameplay+ Lots of characters and perks+ Great leveling system that rewards players perfectly+ Good graphics, character designs+ Âwesome voice comminication system+ Nice and helpful communityCons- Overpriced, not enough content- No singleplayer mode- Lots of bugsGraphics:8Presentation:9Sound/Music:10Gameplay:8Overall:8.4"
,Recommended,438740,32035893,Posted: 28 May,all,Sølid,"I see a lot of people giving it bad reviews for bugs, lack of content, and the opinion that Jason is overpowered. There have been literally no game-breaking bugs for me, a couple of minor ones here and there, but nothing to take me out of the experience (too badly). What this game does real well is replayability. I feel like I've already gotten my money's worth and I'm still loving this game.To those who think Jason is OP, check out the actual source material.And just get good."
76561198029358741,Not Recommended,438740,33589989,Posted: 16 July,all,Deepakkrsingh,"I have no idea how devs can charge full AAA price for the game which doesnt even start. Whatever time you are seeing on my gameplay hours its me trying to run this game somehow and still no use. When you charge this much please at least give a game which we can play without headache.UPDATE:Well i spent the entire night trying to fix the game. First i had this runtime dll error so i went to forum and reinstalled every vcredist but nothing happened. Then i updated my windows, after that error was gone but game closed automatically after few seconds( neither it consumed any memory or disk usage ). So i upgraded to windows 10 which i hate and it worked. So many people have this problem if you check reddit etc. Well i spent around 12 hours trying to fix the game and this soured first impression. Hope game will balance it out.UPDATE:I am having fun but frankly speaking this game is a buggy mess. It feels more like an alpha version and devs should've released it as early access game. I don't want this game to fail and neither i hate it. Its fun but its also frustrates me with glitches and bugs. I followed this game since it was announced and even fought with dead by daylight fanboys how friday the 13th was announced before dead by daylight. OVERALL if you can overlook issues like random crashes, glitches and bugs then buy it. Well price is same as dead by daylight if you add all the dlc."
,Recommended,438740,32004540,Posted: 27 May,all,Lil' Giegue,"Had an 8 minute jog around crystal lake with Jason while he played All Star over the mic 19/10 would jog again. Seriously though this game is amazing even for the current asking price (40 usd) I'd recommend picking it up for sure. If you're not sure if you'd like the genre check out some gameplay, personally I enjoy John Wolfe but plenty of people are playing it."
76561198026707640,Recommended,438740,32063211,Posted: 30 May,all,T3Nemesis,"I have to say this game is really good. And i dont think Jason in any way should be nerfed, again playing as the counselor requires team work and skills. The reason for jason with these OP ability is to cause panick and forces the counselor players to quickly find a way to escape or defeat Jason if they can (which can be done).Just my 2 cent thoughts, if jason gets nerfed the fun will be gone when playing as the counselor and vice versa less fun as jason. Ive played many matches in the game and I have both played as jason and counselors numerous times. They are very balanced and its fun when you know jasonchasing you as being OP which he should. Also its easy to run off from jason if you have the patience and know the map well. Ive seen it done so when i was playing jason myself, and have done so when I was a counselor.Also most players tend to find the fuse and fix the telephone anyway which calls the police and limits jason with 5 mins to kill everyone before they manage to escape.  Again Ive seen player survining through the end with 3 person left they worked together and fixed the car which they managed to leave succesfully."
76561198261897411,Not Recommended,438740,33680721,Posted: 20 July,all,GamingBread,Great Idea for a game♥♥♥♥♥♥devs and people on here for sure they broke the game even more and if i hit one trap im hurt so bad i cant even run wow so fun jason will just get me faster its no fun.
76561198282525647,Not Recommended,438740,33795346,Posted: 25 July,all,KaiserLerma,This game is not worth buying I can't even refund the game and I can't even play the game because of some error. I messaged the creators on yahoo and they were helping me but than they stopped responding to me they are scammers dont buy this game..
76561198060786178,Not Recommended,438740,33962074,Posted: 1 August,all,One Good Philothipher,Team killers to many come on at night.
,Not Recommended,438740,33639638,Posted: 18 July,all,VolticSurge,Fatal Error: The Game.
,Not Recommended,438740,33794184,Posted: 25 July,all,Dr3qms,Didnt like it sorry
76561198138138166,Not Recommended,438740,33634288,Posted: 18 July,all,Mother Coconuts,"Fix the game. As much as the visuals are spot on when you compare them to the movies, the game is broken. From people leaving mid execution granting you 0 XP and Jason being able to be killed by being hit when he grabs someone from a car, this game is far from complete and is not worth the high amount of money for such little and broken content."
,Not Recommended,438740,31988222,Posted: 26 May,all,Twitch.tv/PappusGaming,Jason is a vaccum cleaner
,Not Recommended,438740,33063269,Posted: 30 June,all,Omegilla,"This game's development has been quite poor, all in all. A $40 price tag is inexcusable for a game barely out of Alpha. Its so buggy and limited in its gameplay that it would, in its state, be worth 20 assuming it was fully functional. It is still a fun experience, but if you are someone who prefers not to throw money at everything, let this one go. Keep an eye on it, but let it go for now.Not to mention the developer has released the ""Savini Jason"" which is a highly controversial version of Jason which was given to backers of the kickstarter. The main point of contention is the fact that the Savini Jason has its own set of abilities and has been called overpowered for it. This reviewer is inclined to agree, and the fact that cannot be obtained except for having backed the kickstarter and isn't even availible anymore, it functions as a P2W item. The developer has yet to address the matter in any way, shape or form.Edit: I am adding to my review the fact that the dev who commented on my review has now had his promises reneged on by the company (It was a pointless promise to begin with) as Savini Jason, the kickstarter reward has now been released for FREE on the Xbox version of this game."
,Recommended,438740,32886350,Posted: 27 June,all,✪ Badger,"Great game, has many different customizible things to change the way you play."
,Recommended,438740,32031561,Posted: 28 May,all,Amby,yes!
,Recommended,438740,32091553,Posted: 31 May,all,Cookie,A very good game and in my opinion it puts dead by daylight to shame
76561198335771215,Not Recommended,438740,34084430,Posted: 7 August,all,Estranged,This ♥♥♥♥♥ game crashed opn my multiple times in 10 minutes and i hate you all for it. my kids are crying wanting to know why daddy is drinking and i blame you and your terrible service. Thanks.
,Recommended,438740,32212282,Posted: 5 June,all,bdunn577,"""oh my god Jason is so OP!"" ""Day 1 server issues and bugs? why didn't they fix this♥♥♥♥♥♥first?"" ""this game doesn't encourage teamwork, and people often backstab eachother.""those people have 4 Hrs combined, the game is great, give it a shot."
76561198308423633,Recommended,438740,32005254,Posted: 27 May,all,Angelic,"Great game! Been having so much fun with friends xD Highly reccomended ..Updated review after 90 hours in game :)Absolutely love this game! It's great fun playing Jason or the Councillors (main AJ)I don't know why this game has so many negative reviews but i'd say try it for yourselfand see!Too much comparison to DbD however it's not supposed to be like that, the fact is Jason isOP and you are lucky if you manage to survive :)"
,Recommended,438740,32938336,Posted: 28 June,all,kiLLuaLL.gg,"Since we all know you want to know how this game differs from the Multiplayer Horror Survival game: Dead by Daylight. lets do that.DBD:Killer is arguably underpowered at high rank, really good at low rank.Survivors can eventually overcome their fear of the killer and juke them for an entire match.DBD has a much bigger variety of killers compared to the 9 versions of Jason you can play as.DBD is arguably more grindyDBD is cheaper at an entrypoint, but if you want the DLC for the game you need to pay pretty close to this games starting price. It is possible through an RNG system to get perks from DLC characters that you do not have(this can be unlikely if you're desiring a very specific perk). People who do not own DLC's are not prohibited from playing in DLC maps. It is also possible to ''demo'' a DLC character, as players who do not own the DLC can find an ultra-rare item that lets them play as a specific DLC character for that match.This can become problematic however, as they are perkless(which is a death sentence in high rank gameplay), and the items themselves clog up the players bloodweb(a procedurally generated ''skill'' tree of sorts which is where the EXP earned in the game is spent). Not owning the DLC can doom you to receiving countless offerings on killers you don't want to play as, where Ebony Memento Mori's could have been in their place instead.DBD has had a year of time and patches, nerfs, fixes, and such. It had a very glitchy release just as this game has.Survivors are only unique in DBD by their teachable perks, once that is learned every survivor is the same.DBD has a slight advantage on map variety, although this is mostly for looks. Most maps play exactly the same.DBD has a ranking system.DBD only has one winning condition for each team. Escape, or kill.F13:Jason is overpowered. Instead of learning how to juke him and infinite keep him busy through pallets, a combination of resource management and luck are required to stall him.40 bucks (I earlier had this at 50 bucks. It was a typo, I'm sorry. A lot of comments on this review seem to be completely fixated on the fact I made this typo)Maps are much larger than they are in DBD. However every map looks very similar to one-another. There are 3 maps but they're all based around a summer camp and consequently don't feel very different from one-another.There are many ways to ''win'' as a survivor. You can escape by car, repair a power switch to call the police and escape by them, repair a boat and escape with that, wait for the timer to pass 20 minutes, or the most unlikely....kill Jason himself. You will probably never accomplish this in a public match, or against a Jason that is actually trying.Each survivor has distinct stats from one-another with their own pros and cons.Perks in this game usually have a negative side-effect to offset the advantage it gives. This locks some characters out of perks. Having a perk that has a stealth penalty on a stealth character is a bad idea.So far it is seemingly impossible to ''infinite loop''. Jason can grab environmental objects(throwing knives) and throw them at survivors who loop you around, Jason can also break windows and the glass shards will injure survivors who dive through them, Survivors also build up fear by staying in the dark or being around Jason which causes them to trip over themselves and have significantly reduced stamina regeneration.There are about 8 versions of Jason to play as, 9 if you backed the game on kickstarter. The developers current stance is that they will NEVER release this backer version of him as a form of DLC.You can use weapons to ''fight back'' against Jason. This is a risky bet but it can pay off with a stun on Jason.DLC is supposedly planned.YOU CAN SEE YOUR PING AND EVERYONE ELSES.This game comes with voice chat, and outright encourages it. The game is balanced around the assumption that you can communicate with your team mates, Jason can also hear people talking within his vicinity and there is an ingame item(the walkie-talkie) that is required to broadcast your voice to other survivors. If you do not have a mic, you are going to have a harder time playing.Had many launch issues that are supposedly fixed now.Is not focused on generating as much points as you can get. In DBD if you don't repair every gen and stun the killer 50 times, you don't pip and can't level. In this game, the majority of EXP you get is from spectating a match till the end, and you can talk with everyone else who died in the match and discuss strategies or watch other players die. Dying in F13 never feels like a waste of your time and does not set you back. There is no pressure to ''git gud'' and you can have a much more enjoyable experience if you hated getting hooked and facecamped 30 seconds into DBD.These are some of the differences between the few games. All in all, I think this game is definitely worth the asking price and it has many things that DBD does not. If you ever felt that playing as the killer in DBD was very lacklustre, and you want a more slower-paced, true slasher experience where you actually feel like you're trying to survive against an unstoppable monster then this game is the better choice. If you want to feel like you're on an equal playing field with the killer and can eventually learn to master the mechanics and play around a more competitive system then DBD might be the better option for you.So Worth to Buy it This Game !!! :)"
,Not Recommended,438740,33642183,Posted: 18 July,all,Hordor HODOR!!,"Bad. very ... very bad. so played for an hour. had 5 games and jason TELEPORTED , yes , teleported to me every game and killed me on the spot. what on earth? that doesnt even follow the movies... im not banned but yes , dev's ban you if you talk bad about their game or disrespect it. the graphics are extremely mundane and the gameplay is very boring. jason can teleport where ever he wants , and yes that means right in front of you , grabs you by the throat and your dead... im actually gob smacked about this game. i thought it may be good for myself after seeing others play but came to understand very fast why they hated it , and just look at the communities feedback.. come on guys this game needs breaking down and started again by scratch. players can PVP i got shot in the face one game by a rando for absolute no reason. so dont bother counting to work together to win. its all for themselves and jason is not the only threat. absolute disgrace. should be worth a maximum sell price of £3.00. welp , thats £30 down the drain!"
76561198089958698,Not Recommended,438740,32559979,Posted: 19 June,all,kakirot83,"Well, I decided to give it some time to write a review of the game, and I'm sad to say, after giving it some time, it hasn't changed.Friday the 13th the game, is a sad sad disappointment of a game. This was a game that was held up as the next big thing in it's genre, and it's not even passable as a game in it's genre. It's a shell of a game released with too many problems, at way too high of a price. Let's go down the list, shall we?1. Content: There really isn't any. 3 Maps you'll learn after playing each a couple of times, a few conuselors that are supposed to be 'variety', and different Jason's. The problem here, is there's problem with each part, that no one wants to address, much less admit are lackluster. There are several Jason's, two of which are good, one is a DLC Jason you can never get. That's right, if you're looking to buy this game, just know there is game content you will NEVER be able to get. Ever. He's one of the best Jason's in the game, because he has good Strengths with laughable Weaknesses.2. Bugs/Glitches: This game is riddled with them, which would be forgivable if this was early access, or they hadn't been working on this game for as long as they have. For the small team they have, sure, it's a feat they can put anything out, but that doesn't excuse the poor product they've made. After their day 1 patch AND their recent patch to fix glitches/bugs/exploits that have been around since the Beta of the game a half a year ago, they still haven't gotten rid of a fraction of them. That's right, 6 full months to fix ANYTHING and so far, NOTHING has been fixed. Not exploits used so counselors can never die, not Jason falling through the map, not commands just ignoring you like jumping thorugh windows, or pulling people out of cars. Get ready to 'fail' just because the game doesn't work, or people can cheat and nothing is done about it.3. Developers: This is a small,inexperiencedgroup of people that have made this game. I've put some extra importance on that word, inexperienced, because it SHOWS. They are slow with any updates, do not really take a lot of feedback from anyone but streamers that promote the game as amazing, and what they 'fix', isn't a fix of anything in the game that's broken, it's just mouth service to say they're doing something, when they're accomplishing nothing. Get ready for the excuses from everyone that tells you to 'give it time' or they're an 'indie group' so of course you should accept a bad product, with bad results.4. The Community: Do you like fanboys who rage and whine about everything, while never accepting any kind of rational discussion of any kind? Then this is the place for you, because that's all that's here. This is a game with two sets of people: People wanting things to get fixed/improved, and people who say the game is amazing, and tell you to go back to DBD (Dead By Daylight). Speaking of Dead by Daylight since they'll bring it up so much, theyloveto point out how much worse that game is, and how toxic the community over there is, when they're even worse, with a barely working game. Weird, you can pay $40 for a subpar game, or $10 for a par game. Funny how subpar is worth more, no?5. Everything wrong with servers: These are just terrible, possibly the worst I've seen. Are you ready for a game that relies/promotes communication, but matches you up with people around the world who don't speak your language? Are you ready for a bunch of people yelling China #1 all while running around Team Killing you to troll you and whoever got Jason? Are you ready for 12 year olds screaming into a mic to deafen you because they can't take losing? Are you ready for ping the likes you've never seen? All of that, and much more with these servers! Also they 'fixed' the issue with ping, as the game searches longer to find lower ping games, except for the part where that's a lie, and it immediately puts you into a game with terrible ping without even trying to search for a better lobby. Just more lies from the Devs of this game.If all that sounds amazing to you, then get ready for the thrill ride, of a game that is essentially becoming Dead by Daylight 2.0, caused by a fanbase that constantly rips on Dead by Daylight 1.0, all the while constantly making any attempts to play the game frustating and a constant repeat of the previous game. Watch as Jason has to Shift Grab to kill anyone, but everyone yells if Jason Shift Grabs anyone, and then yells if Jason kills you without Shift Grabbing, or if Jason even shows up where they are. Prepare for the constant slew of racial slurs, constant yelling, and non0stop action of people constantly doing everything to make you want make yourself deaf just so they shut up.Seriously, some people are going to tell you, it's worth $40. Some people will tell you, wait till it goes on sale, so the flaws are less glaring and in time it'll improve. I'm going to be honest with you, just save your money, the numbers of people playing are already decreasing, and fast, and it's a train wreck. run for the hills, and hope the next game out is better."
76561198116536967,Not Recommended,438740,31988125,Posted: 26 May,all,Mick93,"It's a fun game way better then DBD for a high price. But it's a buggy piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game.I equip perks/kills on jason it gets stuck on ""saving on profile"" won't let me do anything can't exit it have to alt f4.go in a closet in game and randomly you get stuck and all of the sudden ur floating on air or slidng aroundthey delayed it for a year and released a beta and it's still buggy as♥♥♥♥♥♥this game should be 10 dollars.it has no single player either.  Heres a video showing how buggy it is.https://youtu.be/b-sXZ5-4Dok"
,Recommended,438740,32226835,Posted: 6 June,all,twitch.tv/baduccaplays,"spectated the game more than i have played, 11/10 would spectate again."
,Recommended,438740,32734099,Posted: 24 June,all,A Fishhorse,"Friday the 13th excels at creating and maintaining the atmosphere of an '80s slasher film. Jason feels omnipresent and appropriately unstoppable, and playing a counselor feels like playing a gazelle running from a lion. The best you can hope for is to avoid notice, or hold him off long enough for you to escape or for him to lose interest for the time being.The game is an absolute blast with friends, or in the extremely unlikely event that you're matched with a group of random players that happens to mesh and coordinate well (and have a reasonable grasp of the same language). At its best, the game is as much fun as any multiplayer game released in the past ten years.The bad? Where to start.The game is buggy. Numerous exploits still exist as of the writing of this review. Counselors can clip through the walls, or get on top of roofs, or find spots of water where Jason can't get to them. Vital objective items will fall through the ground and be irretrievable upon a player dying, rendering some objectives impossible to complete.The game crashes constantly. My average is around four games before a crash that either goes to desktop or necessitates ending the game in task manager. Get a full lobby of 8 friends together, and you're virtually guaranteed that someone is going to crash and be left out for that game. If you're the host, this kills the game for everyone.Hosting is another problem. There's no host migration, so if the player hosting decides to quit for whatever reason (didn't get picked to be Jason, died early, is just generally a jerk, etc.) the game ends with no input from anyone else.There are long periods of inactivity. You die, you get to wait through the entire match if you want the experience points that you earned. Doesn't matter if there's 15 minutes left or 15 seconds. You sit there and you wait. If you leave, you get nothing.The game, when it goes badly, slows to a crawl. Someone grabs an important objective item, runs out into the wilderness to deliver it, and dies in the woods. No one knows where their corpse, and therefore the item, is. There are only enough items to complete every objective once. It's entirely possible (and a not infrequent occurence) in a pick up game to lose enough of them that every single item based objective is impossible to complete, rendering the game effectively unwinnable unless you're able to hide for 20 minutes. A lot of players are going to die, which means a lot of players are going to be sitting in spectator mode watching a high stealth character do absolutely nothing but hide under a bed for a quarter of an hour. This is profoundly unfun for absolutely everyone involved.Finally, and in my opinion, most maddeningly, is the RNG factor. The game is totally reliant on RNG. RNG determines who plays as Jason. It determines where you start (Bad RNG and start next to an important objective? You're likely to be killed unless you're lucky enough to find something useful in the first house, which is reliant on...) RNG to determine what items are in the cabins, and in the drawers found inside the cabins. RNG to determine who gets to come back as the max stat summoned character, Tommy Jarvis. RNG to determine if the perk you buy is any good, or a waste of time (mitigated somewhat by being able to 'sell' perks back, but the worse the perk the worse the refund) and it's entirely possible if not likely that you'll burn through several thousand points and get absolutely nothing worthwhile.Overall, I WOULD recommend Friday the 13th, but ONLY if you intend to play it with friends. This is not a game that's fun to play alone. It's not a game that's worth 40 dollars unless you have a group of people to play it with. The gameplay in pick up groups is often slow and painfully repetitive, which would be acceptable if it were a predominantly skill based game where you made incremental improvements, but the game's over reliance on RNG means that there's a computer imposed ceiling on how well you CAN do in any given match.Friday the 13th's mechanics are absolutely wonderful for creating a fun, authentic slasher film experience that's wonderfully entertaining to explore with friends. They're not very good at creating a GAME that's fun to play as a competitive activity for any length of time."
,Recommended,438740,32078395,Posted: 30 May,all,truffle,omg snatched me so easily and its on my taskbar so good :))
,Not Recommended,438740,33573454,Posted: 15 July,all,RFiato,"i would recommend this game even with the bugs and lack of content due to how the game is a generally great experience that is a blast to play even without friends. however i wouldnt recommend this game due to the horrible actions of the SJW devs, who ban people left and right for not only criticizing them, but ""harrassing"" their friends. As im sure you can tell by the sarcasm the devs will perma ban players who payed $40 for this game just because they call out the devs friends who were breaking the rules. Not only this but the devs have also failed to live up to the kickstarter rewards they promised for the $500 backers. Obviously that is a big deal as not only did they lie to their backers, but they did it to the most supportive of those, if you are willing to give a developer $500 then you deserve what you payed for and should not get ♥♥♥♥ed over by these greedy SJW devs"
76561198149573297,Not Recommended,438740,33948113,Posted: 1 August,all,Apex Trill,"i wanted to like this game so darn much, but i quickly learned that jason is underpowered in this game,  the councelors just gang up on him. theres no motivation to be jason or to run from him. its not scary... the kills do look cool though but save yourself the money and go get dead by daylight. its much better at the moment. I would def say its worth getting at 20 bucks or lower but at 40 no way."
,Not Recommended,438740,33713608,Posted: 21 July,all,leothecarebear,"Gameplay is fun, glitchy as hell but still fun.The players are the problem, most are jackasses that either abuse glitches, cheat, or help Jason. Then in a few occasions where they have been called out in game for this by other players they get a perm-ban because the douches that were being toxic called up their developer friends and got the person doing the right thing banned.Game also is not worth $40, it's still glitchy and frustrating to play... just greedy unprofessional developers wanting money they don't deserve."
,Recommended,438740,32049015,Posted: 29 May,all,Ryan Walker,"For all these idiots giving the game a thumbs down just cause the servers were down the first 48 hours up on the game release is a ♥♥♥♥ing moron...it's a new game...it's gonna have bugs in it the first couple weeks...and to top it off the they fixed the server this morning at 7 am eastern time...so the game is running perfect.Running from Jason and trying to comeplete tasks are fun as hell...being Jason and chasing the victims around are fun as hell...as a matter of a fact the game in general is fun as hell.  These stupid idiots that hit thumbs down cause the servers killed themselves the first two days are probably not playing this game, and to be honest are probably not worth playing with cause all the trolls are gone now so I guess they are salty cause they couldn't troll.Great ♥♥♥♥ing game...buy it...it's fun!!!"
76561198393507438,Not Recommended,438740,33728855,Posted: 22 July,all,mdemko760,The game itself is fun when errors and crashes don't make it immpossible to play. You get past one problem and run into another. I paid 40 dollars for a game I've only been able to play a handful of times. If you are downloading this onto a newer PC i would suggest you don't
76561198079506033,Not Recommended,438740,34225725,Posted: 13 August,all,Professor_Chaos_420,ANOTHER COMMUNITY KILLED GAME
76561198047072787,Not Recommended,438740,34095814,Posted: 7 August,all,♫Piano♫,no
76561198040851218,Not Recommended,438740,33919178,Posted: 30 July,all,dbannisterjr,"Says I played for 32 minutes, but it never even launched. Kept giving me an error. It pointed me to a website but it didn't tell me how to fix it. I disabled my anti-virus, firewall, reinstalled c++, reinstalled the game, and still nothing. Over 45 minutes lost with NO support. Not a good way to run a product. Requested a refund.I don't recommend this. I prefer games that will work when you hit play."
76561198020269262,Not Recommended,438740,34586880,Posted: 29 August,all,Dad gave me herpes,WOOD
,Not Recommended,438740,34513680,Posted: 26 August,all,Happy Feet,terrible devs
76561198412778978,Not Recommended,438740,35247975,Posted: 27 September,all,ptbua,many bugssssssuckkkkk
,Recommended,438740,31969683,Posted: 26 May,all,TheNuclearLion,"I've been waiting for this game a lot. And now I finaly got it I really know is amazing! I have a poor PC and, on low graphics, it still works so good! Well done Gun Media! I like the diversity of powers of the killers. Even they have a lot of powers they are not overpowered! This amazes me! I'd like to be able to choose to be a killer or to be a survivor, as it is on dead by daylight. So I don't have to be lucky to play as Jason. The problem here could be that there will be a lots of lobbys and a lot of waiting... Do probably it's better like it is now. I'd like to skip the animation when I start the game. The animation when the game starts (when Jason comes and kills that guy) lags me. After al, I can still say that Friday The 13th: The Game is a very good gameEDIT 17-JUN-2017: they've repaired the bug with lagy animations on poor PCs! But the game runs with lower fps than now. I hope they'll resolve this as they've resolved the problem with animations. But I prefer that the game runs faster than no lagy animationsEDIT 11-July-2017: a few days ago I've seen that the achievements were repaired. Now I can collect all of them. This game gets improved daily! The developers really work at this product. I can not say the same thing about dead by daylight"
,Recommended,438740,31973796,Posted: 26 May,all,Asriel Dreemur,"The game is extremely fun even with just me and my 2 friends. The people that are getting mad and saying that the game isn't fun or gets repetitive, of course it's going to get repetitive. But that's something we all knew. It's not like everytime you play the game it'll be different even if you don't want a whole new experience each game it's still going to be the same alot. But the game has perks and different Jasons, counselers, etc. The game is really fun and I definitley recommend it. I expect to see all the stretch goal fundings available soon. ;)EDIT: I would like to address something. The server issues. I want them to fix it, but we have to have faith in the developers. You know, slandering them and hating on them isn't going to do anything except give them stress and such. We need to be supportive. Yeah I know, you bought a game and you expect it to work right? I get it. But this game got popular, fast. REALLY FAST. They need to take their time, remember what happened to the GTA Online servers? This is the same exact thing, the servers are overloaded and theres backend issues. We just have to deal with it for a little bit. So many people are being mean and just saying the game sucks for it not working when it's a great game! Please, just have faith in them. This'll all be over soon."
,Recommended,438740,32115359,Posted: 1 June,all,Ne0,"feels like some early access♥♥♥♥♥♥but o' well I guess it's great ♥♥♥♥ing banter. Needs new maps, new characters and maybe some more variety on how you can combat Jason."
,Recommended,438740,32159993,Posted: 3 June,all,[RăzvV],"Problems aside, this is a very fun game, even without friends. It's a very social game where it's key to talk to fellow counselors, though as a fellow European you will run in to russians (Mostly) and sometimes other nationalities who refuse to talk english which is very annoying. Socializing IS key and luckily sometimes you'll run in to great and fun people.The game feels varied, much so compared to games like Dead by Daylight where you just have to repair a couple of generators and get through the gates and you're done. Here you can escape by either repair and fuel 2 different cars (One 2 seater and one 4 seater) or a boat. You can also survive by calling the police and wait for them to arrive at the gate to rescue you, or you can wait for the match timer to run out.But here it comes, you've probably already read this hundreds of times, Jason is a bit overpowered, but only thanks to his shifting ability. One second you can be running away from him and be 20 meters ahead and the next he grabs you and insta-kills you, it's very annoying. I don't think he should be able to shift while you're looking straight at him and his shift ability should have a longer cooldown and/or a shorter period of time he can stay in his shift mode.Some problems you should know that plauges the game at the moment:-Servers are inconsistent (While I have never been disconnected from a match, sometimes I haven't been able to get pass the title screen)-Achievements doesn't work at the moment (A bummer but shouldn't prevent you from getting the game)-Price (I understand why some think the game is too expensive, I personally think the game should've been $/€29.99 at most, though if you're a big fan of Friday the 13th and have friends who are on the fence on buying it, you should buy it)-There's no penalty for quitting (Annoying when you're playing Jason and the player you're about to brutally murder quits mid-animation, it means the kill won't count and you get no experience)All in all, the core game is a lot of fun and I'm looking forward to future content and tricks/fixes."
,Not Recommended,438740,31995969,Posted: 27 May,all,Lamb,"It's a shame. I was really craving a good asymmetrical multiplayer game, but this does not cut it. The full release is even buggier than the beta was. And to be fair. For almost 40 bucks, this game has surprisingly little."
,Recommended,438740,32010716,Posted: 27 May,all,Beerus (ಠ_ಠ)┌∩┐,"Fun game with a hugh replayability factor, but I will say only one thing let's it down and that is the price. Apart from the price being a bit high I have no trouble recommending this game to anyone who's looking for something in this genre of gaming."
,Not Recommended,438740,35026718,Posted: 17 September,all,Ryce Cunt,Too expensive for content included.
,Not Recommended,438740,34654684,Posted: 1 September,all,Haru OSK,"honestly not for 40 dollars, still trying to figure out how to request refund x.xwould love to see it finished! it was very fun, but eh"
,Not Recommended,438740,34718288,Posted: 3 September,all,[Doge Bros] Mr. Pug,I would not reccomend playing this anytime soon it is very glitchy and you cant do crap to jason
76561198009653173,Not Recommended,438740,34037933,Posted: 5 August,all,Cyberpunk,"A really bad, slow paced version of Dead By Daylight."
76561198089827088,Not Recommended,438740,34686705,Posted: 2 September,all,Pizza Time,"Game releases with insanely high price, constant bugs, and little content. Community begs devs for fixes.Devs are like ""hey, here's swimsuits"""
76561198235977770,Not Recommended,438740,33489385,Posted: 12 July,all,Oof,its lame . Get dead by deadlight
76561198387426124,Not Recommended,438740,34729055,Posted: 3 September,all,Cloud Strife,"I do not and will not recommend purchasing this game! It is an undeniably broken game.>Teamkilling with vehicles>Abundant multiplayer disconnects>People troll quitting right before you kill them to avoid giving you the kill during the game.>Glitches/Bugs!!! Calling the cops near a door might make the phone float, breaking a door as Jason might freeze you, people abusing hacks such as infinite stamina in this game, etc!>Muting people who yell into mics, but the mute does not work.>XP gain is primarily acquired by finishing a game... which takes forever, dead or alive.>An extreme amount of reliability is placed on perks, which makes it absolutely pointless to spend your slowly-hard-earned CP (Skill points) on customizing Jason's cinematic kills.>Terrible matchmaking>No character limit. Everyone can be one character, most likely one with stamina and speed.>Item shortage, whether by glitch or player-hogging.>Players exploiting the primary means of gaining XP by staying in-game and going idle.>Possibility of match not ending though the last player was killed, thus losing out on XP you waited for.>Constant crashing, or freezing, even after the patches.The gaming community on Friday the 13th consists of players of all ages, many whom are younger players. The game concept is simple, Jason vs 7 counselors. You can either escape alone or work as a team to escape Jason. Many lobbies have players who will intentionally snitch your location to Jason along with players who gain access to the vehicle in order to kill other players. Friday the 13th has recently patched the ability to teamkill with weapons, but can still be done through vehicles and bear traps. This covers players in general and their ability to kill others.... On to matchmaking! Even after the patches, it is absolutely horrendous! I will ""Find Match"" about 3x before I actually join one, only to be disconnected from a bad server. Mind you, it takes approximately 1 or 2 minutes to find a possible match. If you get killed immediately, you either wait in the lobby an endless amount of time just to gain credit for the match or you can bail and move on to the next game but skip out on essential XP. Gaining XP is crucial to the game as it will allow you to roll perks for your Counselor and Jason. Once again, great concept! But a broken game nonetheless."
76561197968893435,Not Recommended,438740,33576867,Posted: 15 July,all,hatebreed,"Bought the game. Falling asleep waiting to get into a game. Finally get in a game, walked around a little bit, hid behind a tree for 5 minutes got bored as ♥♥♥♥, quit, refund, uninstall. Reading other people reviews about the devs is crazy that stuff is going on. I'm surprised Steam allows that to happen. Any who, glad i didn't enjoy this because surley i would be in the perma ban category as well.."
76561198090092438,Not Recommended,438740,35035383,Posted: 17 September,all,Kunta Kinte,Don't play this game if you're close to blowing your brains out.
,Not Recommended,438740,34685824,Posted: 2 September,all,MisterSkittlez,"Not a 5 star game, I would rather play Dead by Daylight."
,Recommended,438740,31966249,Posted: 25 May,all,Ninoish Weaboob,"Enjoyable to say the least however, there are some minor things that'll stop you from playing. But there are more things that are great that overshadow the cons of the game. With some bug fixes, patches, and some tweaks to the controls this game is going to be a masterpiece."
,Recommended,438740,31978901,Posted: 26 May,all,0Bennyman,"Friday The 13th...Where to begin? I can understand some of the negative reviews however most seem to either be unnessesary or just silly.Let's start this by saying YOU WILL DIE ALOT, go into every game focused and ready for teamwork because otherwise there is no chance, I have died less than I have survived so far which is suprising however there has been a lot of luck on my side in certain times.BEFORE YOU BUY(tldr aswell kinda)-Expect To Die-Jason will kill you-You can run But you can't hide-Jason will smash your skull in-A lot of people are helpful-Jason will gouge your eyes out-Mic is Key or if you don't have one then do your best to listen and help-Jason will chop your♥♥♥♥♥♥/ ♥♥♥♥♥♥ off-Gamepad will automatically have your mic on constantly regardless of settings due to no actual voice chat button-Jason will bear hug the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you-If he Teleports run randomly to confuse him and hopefully he'll miss his grab-Did I mention that Jason is ♥♥♥♥ing Brutal?GameplayThe gameplay is tense, if you're with friends most likely it will be more funny than scary however when you solo it with headphones it can be pretty creepy. People I have met have mostly been fun to play with only 1 person decided to team with the killer and help kill off the others (I was already dead). It's fun and quite fast paced, you might be able to get away from Jason if you play your cards right, he's OP but he's not a God, though if Jason wants you dead you can bet he will kill you unless you get lucky, this isn't nessesarily bad as it will allow your teammates to fix up things and possibly get the car and save you.PerformanceI run on Epic except from shadows on high and get a solid 60fps on an i5-6600k 16GB RAM and a GTX 1060 6GB.Minor IssuesIf small issues make the game bad regardless of how good it actually is then stop playing if you dislike the following.-Facial Animations (This is Indie not AAA, what's up with people comparing this game to Mass Effect?? They aren't even that bad anyway and you never notice them unless you choose to focus on them)-Jason literally teleports, I thought I remember the shadow effect in the beta, that would be better imo.-I've played it for 6 hours straight and no Jason for me yetConclusionIt has a few flaws here and there but ultimately this game is what you see is what you get, you know before buying this that Jason is OP and he better stay that way, it's not as hard as people think to escape if you actually know what you're doing. Of course the game is repetitive, you knew that before you bought it but that doesn't mean it's not fun and unique each time. I give it a solid 9/10, hopefully some great DLC to come including the Singleplayer!"
,Recommended,438740,31969800,Posted: 26 May,all,Siren,"It's amazing.You need a bit to get used to the mechanics, and some minor things need to be fixed, but it just came out.Surprisingly a whole lot more teamwork going on than I expected.Had tons of fun in such little time already, looking forward to more :D"
,Recommended,438740,32025036,Posted: 28 May,all,it's me?,Nice game!
,Recommended,438740,32015082,Posted: 28 May,all,Anerkand,"The negative reviews on this game are unbelievable. Remember to take EVERY PLAYER REVIEW with a grain of salt, mine included. This game is great and caters to Jason and horror fans in general. There are a few balancing issues that need to be smoothed out, but regardless this game is great and everyone I know is having a fantastic expererience. I highly recommend this game to anyone looking for a great time with or without friends. This was $40 WELL spent. I was not disappointed in this game. Be your own judge, don't go off of what anyone here says. If you do not enioy the game, request a refund. There is really nothing to close. Cheers!"
,Not Recommended,438740,34607978,Posted: 30 August,all,ZaSpecialist,"Devs never supported the game post lunch, they only gave a pink jason skin while the game has many bugs and other problems. Do not support such practices, especially since they will release a new game called Dead Alliance even though Friday13th  remains unfinished. They even promissed a single player mode will release this summer but they never talked about it again after we all paid 40$ (the price they asked with single player included).After 4 months they finally break the silence and announce a 4$ DLC that will arrive pretty soon.ok..."
76561198306654003,Recommended,438740,34108042,Posted: 8 August,all,No OPPAI No Life-,good game
76561198008306135,Recommended,438740,31973706,Posted: 26 May,all,F4U57,My 4yo son killed 5 councillors as Jason!Today I had a proud father moment.
,Recommended,438740,31991257,Posted: 27 May,all,ThatsMeTYLER,"Hi there!First of all it is quite interesting how the STEAM rating of the game dropped from ""very positive"" to ""mixed"". Most people have problems with connecting and playing the game even me so I guess most people are just upset because servers are down all the time.Please do not forget even Diablo3 had big problems at launch so you should not judge the game by server connectivity shortly after launch.The game itself is AMAZING. If you are a fan of the ""Friday the 13th"" franchise this one is the game for you. There should always a bit scepticism when it comes to movie based video games. Very often they were just bad games using the license to make money out of a game that offers nothing.Friday the 13th is different. The locations are designed very nicely and look like the real counterparts in the movies. Also there is enough room to hide and the maps are quite large so that it could be very spooky running through the forest where nothing happens and then you see Jason in the distance. This is what the games does really well it takes the atmosphere and the horror from the movies right onto your screen and you feel frightened, scared and run for your life.Many people say Jason is ""overpowered"" I don´t think so because you can stun him with pistols, bear traps and even try to fight him but I wouldn´t do that. Jason is a killer he is made for hunting you down so he needs to have some abilities usual players don´t have! Otherwise Jason is not scary anymore.The game is more about hiding and trying to get away with a car, calling the police and make your way to the camp exit. This is exactly what I was looking for and what CSGO and COD shooters couldn´t deliver - at least imho. The sneaking the hiding this  slower not hectical gameplay this is what I was looking for and this game delivered it.Hmm is the game better than Dead by Daylight? IMHO I would say yes! Because it concentrates on the ""Friday the 13th"" franchise and really does a great job delivering the atmosphere, the maps, the characters and Jason at a very very great detail.Oh yeah you can level up your character e.g. that Jason cannot spot you outside a building anymore so it is much more difficult to find you out in the woods. In a lodge Jasons senses are disabled and you have to search by yourself finding a poor guy waiting to be slashed and killed.Go ahead give it a try even if the servers make problems at the moment. But when you are connected you have alot of fun! Guaranteed!"
,Not Recommended,438740,32023576,Posted: 28 May,all,Krackerjax,"This game is not even remotely worth $40. It doesn’t feel finished. In fact, it ISNT finished. They are planning to add single player after release. I have never in my life seen a game do that. Anyways, the game is severely lacking in content, and its buggy as all hell. $20 is the most this is worth in its current state, maybe even less.The game is in a worse state than many alphas and early access games I have played in the past. Controls do not work half the time, making it very frustrating when you can’t close a door or lock it when Jason is RIGHT BEHIND YOU. Jason grabs people who are at three times his arm length, making the counselors look like they are teleporting into his hands. Music and animations are delayed, out of sync, or at times just straight up missing. And on numerous occasions as Jason, I encountered a bug where I could not move or attack any more. And a few times as a counselor I had a bug where I could not interact with anything, and I couldn’t sprint anymore. So I was an easy kill for Jason.The games incomplete state and lack of content/planned future content shows clear signs that this game was going to be or SHOULD be an early access game. That would have made much more sense. But it would seem the developers were a bit greedy and wanted the money from console sales. So they ""pretended"" it was fully done and ready for release, so that it could release on all platforms. Then they can just patch the glaring problems and add the ""optional"" content later. And there’s nothing anyone can do about it."
76561198124093398,Not Recommended,438740,35079379,Posted: 20 September,all,✗Get_Wonder✗,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀ Friday the 13 ░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
,Recommended,438740,32875379,Posted: 27 June,all,Bumbles,"Game is sacry,Game is good,Ignore other people,Jason wants blood."
76561198094391666,Recommended,438740,31965741,Posted: 25 May,all,ッMoejoeッ,Amazing I feel like im in the movies
,Not Recommended,438740,31965785,Posted: 25 May,all,twitch.tv/OGDaMonsta,Game  is absolutely terrible. The survivors absolutely stand no chance I thought things would change heavily (Played Alpha and Beta) and not a single thing has. I put a lot of time into the game before live version expecting there to be a good amount of changes. Nope still the same game that is absolutely not worth 40 bucks. The game should and could definitely work as a 20 dollar game but 40 bucks? I'll pass.Three mapsSame repetitve♥♥♥♥♥♥over and over and over againSome of the animations are so clunky and unpolished it's unreal to ask for 40 dollars for that low effort work.I'm sure a lot of butthurt people will get angry over this review but this is the truth.I put little to no time into DbD but it's definitly better than this game by far.
,Recommended,438740,32783409,Posted: 25 June,all,jdarksun,"So, I really like this game.However.It breeds a LOT of sore losers.  The community is sort of a♥♥♥♥♥♥show at the moment, with people quitting as soon as you grab them as Jason to deny you points, people droping from the game, lots of unpleasant people saying unpleasant stuff over their microphones.In my opinion, it's a fun game.  But the devs really need to work on ways of improving the community and discourage quitters."
,Recommended,438740,32890967,Posted: 27 June,all,CRY #BUFFBLITZ,like
,Recommended,438740,32915621,Posted: 27 June,all,SpotAThot,Fun with friends
76561198213614907,Recommended,438740,32034140,Posted: 28 May,all,|T3| TheElectricOreo,I am currently stuck on level 4 but it's a new game and I do not regret buying it
,Not Recommended,438740,32032187,Posted: 28 May,all,thomas,"This game should be boycotted for their recent actions. Banning people because of what is said over the microphone? Are these inmature game companies seriously trying to censor the internet? Stop pretending to be the FCC. That is an impossible task, at the same time destroying your business for a shi*ty game. Good job developers, I hope your terrible game, with its enormous amount of bugs, becomes as dead as your intelligence."
76561198356034345,Recommended,438740,32229687,Posted: 6 June,all,Pangolin Mantis,"Overall the games fun, some bugs need to be worked out still, $40 a bit steep. Hopefully they'll do some free dlc"
76561198013328799,Recommended,438740,32209995,Posted: 5 June,all,GH0STF0X,"I have been a fan for Friday the 13th movies for a very long time. I love this game! The atmosphere in this game is really amazing. I love the multiplayer platform, and it somehow renewed the multiplaying for these type of games. This game created something completely new in the history of multiplaying. If you love Friday the 13th movies, I really recommend to buy this game, it's really worth it!+- Friday the 13th- multiplayer- atmosphere- audio and sounds- soundtrack- gore- blood- more blood- can cut off heads and limbs-- wish there were more gore- ;)"
76561198130043566,Recommended,438740,32072026,Posted: 30 May,all,Kodiak93,"Don't listen to all the hate being vomited out of these idiots mouths about this game. Did it have issues during launch? Yes. Doesn't every game now-a-days? Yes. Are most of the major issues fixed? I would say a very big portion of the key issues on PC are fixed as of 5-30-17.As a long time fan of the Friday the 13th movies, i feel like Gun Media and all of the other companies involved really did an amazing job. I feel like they do not deserve all of the hate that they have gotten over the more common launch issues that a lot of games go through.It has been a very long time since i have seen such a responsive support staff as well.If another kickstarter happens for a single player mode i would participate in a heart beat."
,Recommended,438740,32096725,Posted: 31 May,all,Chipstr (Robot Joanne),It is a fun game. Maybe wait to get it as it lacks a little content and is pretty glitchy. But when you are playing it is a pretty entertaining game. There are also custimizations for the survivors and Jason which all the Jasons are from the movies. I believe that even the survivors are from the movies. Each jason and survivors has perks with Jason custimizing deaths and survivors can roll for perks.
,Recommended,438740,32183061,Posted: 4 June,all,Moby Thicc,"Definitely a game that was more complicated than I thought it was at first glance. There is a degree of skill in this game, heavily knowledge and experienced based and definitely does not feel like a mindless game, especially when playing as the counsellors. Jason needs some work to make me feel like I'm strategizing when playing as him. It should be easier to hide from jason, but he has an ability that allows him to see you through walls/terrain. In a horror game I feel more emphasis should be given on the thrill of hiding behind a rock or tree, like it was real life. I feel like it would make for a better experience if the sense ability was either a very late game ability, and would even swap that ability with the stalk ability (stalk is a late game ability). The counselors can be customized pre-game for certain perks that you have to experience points to gamble for, which is a nice touch in differentiating your play styles from other people's play styles. Each jason also has different perks, so its nice that its not just a cool skin when you pick what jason you want to play. I watched videos of this game and it is definitely more thrilling/scary actually playing it. I feel like jason's abilities should not automatically refresh, he should only earn an ability by killing someone, creating more fear in the players with each death that happens, and further incentivizing team play and not abandoning your team mates, even though I've been saved by team mates on many occasions. If Jason's sense ability is not moved to late game it should at least be a limited use ability, eg. with each kill or a set number of times. Each of jason's kill animations should be tied into refreshing one of his abilites and not just being cosmetic. More experience points need to be awarded to players who save other players that are being attacked by jason. It would be better if the counselors had active abilities rather than passive ones such as losing less stamina when running, for example, being able to comfort another counselor when they are in fear mode. Jason's morph ability should cause him to be stunned for a brief period of time after teleporting, right now it is basically instant teleportation and he can start killing immediately. Jason should also  have his proximity music ""bubble"" made very small when he is in buildings. There is no strategy besides late game where jason can hide in a building and spook someone because they didn't expect him there.  I would give this game's actual value right now at about 30 CDN dollars. For 43 CDN  it is a bit overpriced, but if you like new and interesting multiplayer styles of gameplay, this would probably be worth it for you. Also, this game does not have a RANKED mode, which is a big drawback for competitive players. It should be made a priority to add a RANKED mode for this game."
,Recommended,438740,32183423,Posted: 4 June,all,Zanocera,"Little bit buggy sometimes but a load of fun if you find a good lobby. It makes it terrifying if you find a killer that whispers in the mic ""IM COMING FOR YOU LITTLE BOY!"" XD this game is worth it."
,Recommended,438740,32097064,Posted: 31 May,all,DarkBearmancula,"I won't pretend this game isn't flawed. It is. But, like the movies which inspire it, if you're willing to put up with these flaws and look past them, it's a real gem. The game is fun, exciting, and can be genuinely frightening at times. It's a blast to play with friends and has quickly become the subject of most conversations among my gaming group.It's true, at launch, thiss game was plagued with serious server issues -- but the developers were clear in their communication, and despite the vitriol spouted by some less-than-mature-folks, were always corteous and prompt with their responses. Since addressing the issue, I haven't had any difficulties connecting to the server (though I understand the issue persists for a small percentage of the game's population).It's a game that I see getting better with age, with tweaks and added content from a development staff that seems genuinely invested in increasing the quality of life for their community."
,Recommended,438740,32143367,Posted: 2 June,all,lynxx,"I really like the food. The taste of the meatballs are very nice, you can tell they are cooked to perfection, spaghetti was a bit off, but never the less tips to the chef!"
76561198206748545,Recommended,438740,32166206,Posted: 3 June,all,ProjectDBD,"This game is well worth the 40$ price tag. First of all, yes. This game has it's fair share of bugs, but none of  them are gamebreaking. The game is very fun. You are always working towards somethings new because of the customization of your counselors. The Jasons feel unique in their playstyles and nothing in this game feels very bland to me. Now yes, if your limited on money and not a huge fan, unlike me, you can skip this game. But if your a fan of the franchise, this is a must play for you. With this much to offer now, and even more coming in the summer, this is well well worth the price tag.BTW this is my first review ever, so cut me some slack."
76561198283780255,Recommended,438740,32167513,Posted: 3 June,all,Prod,This game is so very fun to play with friends or not.This game makes me nervous everytime and its very difficultTeam work is needed here .. BUY THIS GAME NOW
,Recommended,438740,32143784,Posted: 2 June,all,SetGent,20/d20 would LARP with my DND brothers and roll 1 on escape rolls again.
,Recommended,438740,32145728,Posted: 2 June,all,Normie™,"Meh. It's a great game, though I have mixed feelings.Starting out, I thought It would be some ♥♥♥♥♥♥, movie rip-off, but it's the complete opposite. The developers have done an amazing job on this game, the kills are amazing, the way the game works is amazing just about the whole damn game is amazing. People seem to think this game is very Jason lop-sided and that Jason will always win when in reality, It's just as hard to win as Jason as it as as a counsellor. Which I think is great about this game.The only downside I see is theres a couple bugs. For example, the achivments are extremely buggy - I recieved the achivement for killing 13 counsellors befoire I got the achivment for killing one. I also recieved both of these before receving the one for playing one match as Jason. I've been killed by Jason several times, yet still not received the one for being killed by him either. I've also found the H20 Delerious teddy several times, still no achivment. It's a shame really for such a good game to have a problem like this.Anyway, don't get me wrong, every other aspect of this game is great and fun to play. Really do reccomend and before you think it's scary, trust me, it's the complete opposite xD"
,Recommended,438740,32072135,Posted: 30 May,all,lazy cunt,Perfect horror gameMakes my heart pump!
76561198159553925,Recommended,438740,32760675,Posted: 25 June,all,Juur Kei,Really nice game.
76561198090800733,Recommended,438740,32105188,Posted: 1 June,all,Aartappel,Needs a little work and better connection needed for players in South Africa. i as South African constantly connect to players around the world which causes high ping for me. But it is still great and I would recommend buying it!
76561198229078464,Recommended,438740,32201831,Posted: 5 June,all,Bobby Fischer,love this game
,Recommended,438740,32084000,Posted: 31 May,all,Alu,"Fresh, new experience in this genre."
,Recommended,438740,32021595,Posted: 28 May,all,StillFlow,"(you can skip this first parapraph if you want) First off let me say, the people who are angry and thumbs this game down are justified. At least the ones who write more than 1 sentence... The game has server issues ontop of the lack of content. If the developers charged $20 for this game it would be sitting in the ""mostly positives"" until the server issues are fixed. If the game released with 2 or 3 more game modes than i could see it sitting at very posititve. I'll first tell a little story, and then i'll talk more about the game itself.*Short story*I was running through the woods, injured and soaked in blood.... escaped Jason's final blow which would have killed me. Jason relentlessly chasing me through the woods , my characters vision... tunneled. As my character grew tired and slowed down even to almost a stop. Jason grabbed me, and as he does a survivor runs out from behind a big♥♥♥♥♥rock and slams his bat into jason stunning him and giving me time to escape. So i'm running through through a lot of foliage having no idea where i'm going because my character is scared(mini map is disabled when you are in total fear). I'm just running until i find someone or something...As i run off onto the road, Jason decides to chase after the guy who saved my life while i'm trying to figure out if i can help him, but i can't with the condition i was in. So i kept on moving. Moments later, i hear his screams from off in the distance, he is dead.... He provided me enough time to stumble across a cabin.... And within that cabin there was a friendly player who was Tommy (a strong survivor who can be played if you escaped or are dead, he comes equipped with a gun too).He first helps me with my wounds, and helps me sneak over to the next cabin to get supplies he found. Now i'm suddently talking about escaping, and he is all for that. The cops were called in moments earlier, so thats the first thing we try to do make it to the police.As we make our way to the police (located on the outside of the map). Jason appears at our flank, facing the trees from the road. Tommy tells me to make a run for it while he distracts him. I run for it, Jason tries to swing his pickaxe at me. Tommy shoots jason in the head giving us time to run. As i make it to the police Tommy is some distance behind me and i wait for him. I thanked him, and explained how crazy this match was, then i said ""alright, lets go.""Tommy stood there and then said ""No,"" i'm going back to save the others. I was like ""holy♥♥♥♥♥♥dude, you sure you want to do this."" He said something along the lines of ""yes, i'm tommy and it's what i do."" I wished him good luck, went to the cops and ultimately everyone died before he reached them, he was the only one left. When he was the last one alive, he was trying to make it back, and Jason found him. Tommy was able to get a few good swings in, but he died a violent death.Thank Mugo (Tommy), you made the game really fun and interesting! The game needs more players like you (and i'll explain why in a moment)*end story*1)Despite the flaws, the game is really fun. Each survivor is somewhat different, it's somewhat significant enough to pick a character and stick with them for your own play style. The characters look really good and unique. The voice acting is really good, and i like how different they sound. You can change your characters clothes slightly (mostly colors). You earn ingame cash to roll for perks, and perks in this game actually help you tailor your character even furthur for your own play style. Some perks that i use include a map and a walkie talkie. My main objective is to just avoid jason until the cops come or set off distractions to help others (such as turning on the radio in homes and making a quick escape).2)The game lasts long enough to be immersed and satisfied, although i personally would like longer game modes. Speaking of game modes there is only 1 so far. Yes it can be repetitive if you want it to be. If you do the samething over and over again than it can become reptitive. BUT! If you decide to play differently or do different objectives you can have tons of fun.3)SOME PLAYERS WILL BETRAY YOU! I found some gas and was bringing it back to a car, a friendly with a gun was walking behind me saying nothing, as i'm walking, he takes out his gun and shoots me dead, takes the gas and made a run for it (he died later because he attracted jason with the sound he made with his gun). Also there are some players who will.. once they fix their car, will drive off and won't even attempt to help you. I was running on the road and a player with extra space in his car, drove past me and kept driving until they escaped. It's really dickish and it might♥♥♥♥♥♥you off at times (it's not common, but it does happen).4) The map is really good at being creepy, and i honestly like the layout of the map, although it could use a tiny bit more work on it. The map is big enough to feel like you're actually trying to run from a serial killer, but small enough to regroup with other survivors within minutes (depending on if jason is in your direct path route).5) The devs should relook some of jason's mechanics and combat speed. He swings really fast compared to other survivors meaning, he if you try to face up against him directly, you better know his hitbox with each weapon, and hope he doesnt swing before you do. So it's best to sort of sneak up behind jason and slap him silly with a bat if you want to directly distract him.6) The music and atmosphere is really good, and gives a creepy vibe, i highly recommend you wear headset and use mic. Although you don't need mic, mic makes the game 10x more fun and hilarious. Jason can hear the players if he is close to them, and players can hear jason if they are close to him. So sometimes you'll hear funny players, creepy player, cliche players, players who play creepy♥♥♥♥♥♥into their mics for added effect, or just silent jason.7) The animations shine when the game wants to be violent, but the transitioning for walking/running can be a bit choppy when using the w,a,s,d keys. It's not a major problem and it doesnt exist when you turn with the camera, which makes transitioning your direction much smoother. It's not a problem at all, but it would look nice to see everything really smooth and fluid. If anything the animations are pretty good!I would recommend this game to players who like to play scary games at night, willingly to use mic (you don't have too, but it helps a bunch especially if you want to form plans). Are patient for the rest of the content, if you have friends who also play than i highly recommend it. Make sure to not talk when jason is nearby, and if you have too, try to whisper, if you have a walkie talkie, scream into your mic where jason is, if he is chasing you and you think you're gonna die. Tell others what you have on yourself or if you found something useful for their escape before you die because they wont be able to hear you when you're dead.You can't text chat during the game, only in lobby. So make sure others know before the game starts or follow other players and help them with whatever it is they need, unless you are a lone wolf kind of player.As of right now i'd give friday the 13th a 7.5/10. Really enjoyed the game so far, yes i'm frustrated with the server isssues, but the game just came out. This game can easily reach 9/10 if the devs make some honest fixes, changes, and upgrades. If you have imagination the game can be as refreshing you want... or repetitive if you do the same thing because its easier for you."
76561197967813612,Recommended,438740,32026050,Posted: 28 May,all,Vixis,"Jason seems a little OP, Yes he is OP in the movies but i mean you almost do not stand a chance even fighting swinging animation when trying to attack is slow AF. And since you can not save your profile at the moment. You can not use your perks which mean you will get owned 100% time unless your lucky an have a good group or parts with for a boat or car right off the bat.I like the game so far but i mean jason will wreck you. even if your stealthy as you can be you will be found you will die with in like 5-10 mins He is just to OP ."
76561198093776056,Recommended,438740,32732489,Posted: 24 June,all,Spookey Zmorph,this game is very fun even better with friends if people say its like Dead By Daylight (DBD) then they have not played this game at all it is very diffrent. counsler is suposed to survive from jason and requires alot of teamwork and is very hard to escape that is why it is fun because it gives you a challenge. Jason is suposed to kill the counsolors and not let any of them to escape which is very easy to do. but the chances of being jason is very low it is a 1 in 8 chance. the worst part about this game is the price it is to much it needs to be more like $25 dollars instead of $40 dollars. but other than that i think you should buy and play this game.
,Recommended,438740,32132830,Posted: 2 June,all,"=1PARA=Jessie @Fort Worth, TX","What games for?  If your answer is ""For  fun"" , then this game will suit you .Been playing with friends and it's a big laugh ,Does it lack of content ? Like few maps - No Singleplayer"" Bot"" Support , yes it does unfortunately indeed.Does it stop you from having fun  or stopping you getting immersed? Deffo, No!.Other than that, there are fairly enough different characters , perk system,cosmetics (clothing) and such. Also numerous way to play and survive or worst case getting killed by Jason or others.There are so much spooky and funny moments in this game, if you have encountered with right people though.One example, just a moment from one game made my dayWe had everything  for the 4 seated car, we were stuck in the house as Jason were outside trying to hunt us down.One of us managed to stun him, then  everyone went for the vehicle as fast as possible,We all got in the car, everyone was praying for the driver to start it as fast as and get us out of the camp,Jason shifted right front of the car, driver paniced screaming all over and  crashed into tree.""Everyone had gone silent for a moment as all of us were doomed, but you know what? it was funny as hell "".Or There are other moments, When you were left behind by your fellow friends. I tell you what, it sucks and hit you hard lmfao.At the end of the day, it's  a game where you can have so much laugh.If the price is a big deal for you , then wait for the sale. If not , then go for it.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ZYpoXGR66Uhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6a-vvTPBBZI"
76561198300495369,Recommended,438740,31978159,Posted: 26 May,all,F13KingKiller,very good game. it has its bugs and glitches but if you can se past that it is alot of fun and brings out the kid in me
,Recommended,438740,32101056,Posted: 31 May,all,MORTAL_DWAGON,"this game is better than what i thought about it, so many people are friendly and cooperative even at times the person playing jason can be friendly but i recommend this game when the devs are still fixing many issues about the game and i love it and the best thing is that this game can only get better"
,Recommended,438740,32101189,Posted: 31 May,all,Nebs,"This game was has been a long awaited treasure, I've been keeping tabs on this title for a year and a half waiting for it to finally get realeased. Here we are now, the game in all it's gory ( Yes I meant that).Pros:Great ControlsAwesome AtmosphereAmazing Source MaterialSound DesignLevel DetailCons:Limited CustomizationLimted JasonsCan get stale without friendsStill has it's fair share of glitchesYou have to stick around until the end of the matchThe game offers a great time for when you have a group of 2+. The kills are amazing and the attention to detail is great, it does the Movies justice. I expect they'll be relaseaing more maps/Skins in the future. I look forward to seeing the game expand and hopefully it only gets better."
76561197995319825,Recommended,438740,32108409,Posted: 1 June,all,The Shaggy Dude,"Fun and lots of crying, Jason coming baby"
,Recommended,438740,32052342,Posted: 29 May,all,Varyim,gud
76561198072239921,Recommended,438740,32148274,Posted: 3 June,all,Vasari,"Im gonna brake it down for youPositives~~~~~~~~-Emershion-Alot of variations of cloths for characters-Perks-Alot of awesome kills for jason-All kinds of jasonsDownsides~~~~~~~~~-Alot of glitches, (game came out a week ago)-Shift grab is annoying so watch out-Theres gonna be foreign people becuase the game dosent seperate them.(its not that bad)Would Recommend Actullay, Dont be scared to buy it."
76561198132304485,Recommended,438740,32087956,Posted: 31 May,all,Drunkcat,I very much enjoy this game. I never new that brutaly murdering teens could be so much fun. Only problem is the inability to choose to play as jason Hopefuly they add a mechanic similar to dead by daylight but apart from that its great :)
76561198110169858,Recommended,438740,32102602,Posted: 1 June,all,King'sMailord,"so funny and creepy, i love it..."
,Recommended,438740,32144543,Posted: 2 June,all,AntoniYO,"I put nearly a day into this game and it's really entertaining. Some things can be worked out, but they've already fixed the majority of the problems.If you want to have the most fun with this game, try to communicate with other players. Also, don't forget that singleplayer is incoming in the future so the $40 price tag isn't half bad"
76561198110369516,Recommended,438740,32155753,Posted: 3 June,all,AngelGaming,"Although the release of this game was shaky due to its massive server issues, this game is a solid hit. Adrenaline pumping gameplay and the intricate use of teamwork makes this game something out of the ordinary bunch. Through DLC and further updates, this game has massively more potential."
76561198049533608,Recommended,438740,32107926,Posted: 1 June,all,Jason'F13th Janne,best survival horror game ever 9/10 its worth to buy if you want play as jason voorhees and kill some surviors :)
76561198037001499,Recommended,438740,32087525,Posted: 31 May,all,Cthulhu Guy,"This game is a lot of fun. Yeah it's doesn't feel finished, and I swear I'll change my review if the devs don't patch this game up, and add more features which they have promised, like the one player story mode I thought was available on launch day. The online community is there, the players are forced to communicate in order to play as a counselor.Love the game. If you loved the Jason movies, you'll love this game."
,Recommended,438740,31977970,Posted: 26 May,all,hungryboy5,"carried propeller to boat and brought 2 new friends(involuntary sacrifices)attatch propeller to boat, get in, start engine, see jason head above water. raz off and leave 2 friends to die, thx got my first escape in the gamealso got into negative cp cus game spent my cp but didnt give me stuff for it thx game"
76561198212857324,Recommended,438740,32900216,Posted: 27 June,all,wernsy66 csoffer.me,This is a really good game other than the price. You will have lots of fun on this game.
76561198053550869,Recommended,438740,32006278,Posted: 27 May,all,Bawbag,This game is exactly what I expected. I expect more to be added to it later but for $40 rather than the usual $60-70 that's just fine.Gameplay is great. It's what I needed but don't get me wrong there are still a lot of things I want out of this game. Overall I have had a lot of fun playing this so far and that's what matters most to me.
,Recommended,438740,32158357,Posted: 3 June,all,MonicS,its amazing i love the graphics pros to the developers :D
76561198340659693,Recommended,438740,32972197,Posted: 28 June,all,Blank,When I bought this game I already knew what it was about and what to do. Once I started playing it I couldn't stop it was just that fun.
,Recommended,438740,32011831,Posted: 27 May,all,Nova Purple,Love it. Have been waiting for this games realease for 3 years now! Its a great Survival type of game! Easily made a couple of new friends while playing this game and have had a blast playing as Jason!
,Not Recommended,438740,33119056,Posted: 2 July,all,Scottish,its been a month and a bit since its release and really nothing as changed still fun for first 2 games then gets SUPER buggy and it should not have been released for £30 maybe £10 but honestly i think £5 would've been closer to accurate
,Recommended,438740,31978717,Posted: 26 May,all,The YELLiTOR,"So I had some fun with this. I can see how this can get a little repetitive after a while if you don't have any friends to play with. Other wise its pretty intense and well made. There are a few movement issues like opening and closing doors that feels a little off, but I'm sure they'll fix it. Check out the gameplay here if you're interested in watching me scream.https://youtu.be/N4I7u0cQLJM"
,Recommended,438740,32165073,Posted: 3 June,all,21 savAge,One of the funnest games i've played in a while & it's great with friends!
,Recommended,438740,32032956,Posted: 28 May,all,Banana Jack,"As a big fan of the movies I can only praise this game! It feels great to finally be able to ""paticipate in the movies"" and find easter eggs from the franchise. I love the thrills, mystery and the creative kills! It's good to have Savini back!I feel very addicted to and love this game! It looks nice and the gameplay is great!Just typed in ""Friday the 13th: The Game"" into the computer and it says 10/10! The computer don't lie, like Ted says in Part 4 ;)In the end, I just want to give a huge highfive to the developers who worked really hard to make this game happen! Even though they're a small company they managed to make such a great and fun game and manage to get the right feeling and atmosphere of the movies!"
,Recommended,438740,32041606,Posted: 29 May,all,★ Eth ★ The Spurned,"Games is fun even though a lot of bug has been out since release .I didnt got affected by the bug other than being level 0 but going back to customisation & lobbies fixed it so I could edit my level 20 jason. I feel bad for the others that went -CP & still level 0 without changing character or those that cant use mic.But hey : What doesn't have any bugs on release (Name me one game :P)You need a microphone to play this game : Interaction make it the best ever.  Interacting with others survivors in a solo queue is fun. Crying over to Jason to have him spare your life is fun, fun, fun.I made myself a lot of friends. Very very very friendly people playing this game (Noticing jason laughing in background while he's chasing you is awesome) Once you find yourself some peoples that has communication (Even when dying) you are in for a great time. Even solo queue can get fun if you have the good peoples on your lobby.Community is friendly & funny and probably is what making the game so great.First game I've seem you can talk to a killer and he will respond to you.Jason kills animations are very impressive & nicely done. Some are really brutal while others are just for a good laugh (I just want a hug pleaseeeeeeee) The birdbath is one of the most brutal thing I've seem in a long time.10/10 Will be red a poem by a survivor in order to survivre. Will be offered some dank weed in order to survive.Will 1 v 1 Jason again & again by dodging his grabs & blocking his swings.This is not a bad review neither a good (Until bugs are fixed of course). This game has serious potential and I just hope the hype around it isnt the only thing keeping the game alive right now.If you really wish to try the game and believe 40$ is overpriced : Wait for a sale is your best guess (And probably when the game will reach a new Hype.... If the current one doesnt die so soon)"
,Recommended,438740,32079361,Posted: 30 May,all,xEternal ︻芫═───,EPIC GAME! <3
,Recommended,438740,32079548,Posted: 31 May,all,PizzaPie,prety dank my frief
76561197971285397,Recommended,438740,32079551,Posted: 31 May,all,FlushEntity,"Excellent game, I used to play the original on the C64 when I was eleven. Atmosphere and tension has been created perfectly, this game is going to be a huge hit. Have persuaded my friends to purchase this game for a private server blast. I have not found any bugs / glitches that have been highlighted, A very worthy purchase!"
,Recommended,438740,32000712,Posted: 27 May,all,Father Davinci,Great Game.  Dedicated Dev team.  I bought the game for my wife and son and we were up till 4am last night playing it with the lights off and headsets.  Bugs are being worked.  Looks like servers are already better.  Is it worth 40 USD?  Well i spent 120.00 on it and don't regret it at all.
,Recommended,438740,31996544,Posted: 27 May,all,Evil Hyena,The first two matches i played were the most fun i had in years
76561197991175779,Recommended,438740,31965791,Posted: 25 May,all,Venom Pain,I guess I'm not going to class today
76561198041807870,Recommended,438740,32079345,Posted: 30 May,all,Brad2810,"Now that the launch issues are mostly fixed.The game itself is quite good, though if you are looking for a balanced game, it isn't for you. Jason is very powerful, it's most of the time you will be killed.You also cannot choose to paly jason (a good thing imo) so if you want to only play as him, you are out of luck.My biggest problems with the game are realativly minor:1. The damn shift grab, sure you CCAN dodge it, but it feels cheap, and is unfun to use, and have  used on you. even a small 0.5 sec cooldown after poping in would fix that.I just feel jason players spam this move, and nothnig else.2.mutiple actions are tied to the same button, you might accidently open the door instead of barricadeing it for example.3. YOU CAN""T MOVE WHILE LOOKING AT THE MAP. allow us to walk slowly, at least.Other than those minor issues, i haven't really come across any gamebreaking bugs, some odd animatons her and there, but hardly gamebreaking. and it's early days yet!Overall, so far. i'd say it's worth it if you are into these sort of games."
,Recommended,438740,31980658,Posted: 26 May,all,BubonicUK,Smashing heads on a rock.Rippings heads off.Squashing someone till they explode.This game is brilliant! I have played a fair few hours now (till severs died)It is hard for the survivers which I love makes it much more challenging.Overall decent game not had any problems till everyone tried to jump on and the servers crashed. Takes some learning to know whats what. I would say its abit expensive thats probably the downside but its also worth it :/ DECENT GAME! :D
,Recommended,438740,32085601,Posted: 31 May,all,twitch.tv/cyanoodle,Fun with a group of friends but the game is a little to buggy for a full release game.Buy it on sale.
,Recommended,438740,31982752,Posted: 26 May,all,Col. Medic 13,"The game is fun and terrifying, minus any bugs and lag. I think it's a great slasher game for horror lovers and others. However, the game may need more content like more gameplay, maps, kills, and so on. Also the game needs a simple way to help players play the game without lag while they play."
,Recommended,438740,32030881,Posted: 28 May,all,Sixsler,"Ok so as soon as this game came out i bought it and played for about 24 hours straight and reaching lvl 20 I gotta say I havent had as much fun as I had playing this in a very long time, the community is pretty good and people are nice for the most part, people talk and joke and you actually have a good time playing with randoms, during that 24 hour session I added atleast 20 different names to my friends list and the next time I logged in we all still played together, yes the game has a bunch of bugs but the only thing that breaks the game is the login failure which you get sometimes, when that happens usually I just do something else and come back a couple hours later then It lets me in.The gameplay is solid, being Jason is really fun and you do feel like you are an unstopabble supernatural force although the game is balanced it is easy to kill when you are jason and it is hard to be brought down, but that is the point councelors are supposed to escape or survive not fight back altough a well organized and coordinated group can absolutely bring Jason down (done it twice now in public games).Bottom line game is good despite its bugs which im sure will be fixed soon, and im also sure they will add more content like councelors and maps eventually eventually."
76561198062981353,Not Recommended,438740,32696566,Posted: 23 June,all,NiBlack,"Honestly I cannot recomend this game...Game have many bugs, but they are not the big problem. The problem is community.I understand that you shoud have little chances for escape, but unfortunetly lot of time you don't have any. Jason have too many broken mechanics that not only make your life miserable (multi trapping of fusebox, or other big objectives), but simply unfair (stalk, shift, grab). And if your game starts to feel unfair then it is badly designed.There is nothing worse than tryhard Jasons, and you know what... You will meet them all the time. I can understnad that people like the power trip that they get, but unfortunetly  fun of others often depends if Jason can go a bit softer.The longer the game is availble the better people will use Jason skills and less you will be able to do.If you think that streames have fun, then think about game where hardly anyone speaks. You cannot choose servers, or even if you wan't to join some english speaking ones."
76561198009621829,Not Recommended,438740,32717922,Posted: 24 June,all,Curseborn,"Game is fun but extremely buggy, couldnt play for the first week and now ive crashed 3 times in one day, im lucky i have a 2 monitor set up or else it would be hard crashes requiring computer restart but i found a work around by keeping task manager constantly open on my second monitor so i can end task, the game locks the primary monitor.  Expect extreme game breaking and insanely frustration bugs like being 1 shot by throwing knives, throwing knives hitting invisible walls, being launched outside of the map and dying and much, much more.  Ive played about 10 to 20 games today i think and I honestly am not sure if ive had a single game without a serious bug ruining the match.TLDR: EXTREMELY GAME BREAKINGLY BUGGY PREPARE TO CRASH AND ALSO HAVE GAME RUINED BY STUPID BUGS.  FUN GAME THOUGH IF IT WORKED."
,Not Recommended,438740,32752811,Posted: 24 June,all,🎃 Z0MBINA 🎃,"For the price of $40, I don't think this game is worth it as of right now. It's really buggy, and it kinda feels a little too unbalanced. Obviously, it will always be asymetrical, but something about it feels wrong. That being said,  I've put a lot of hours into it so far. It's fun with friends, but people tend to leave games a lot. Literally, within the first ten seconds of every game, at least two people leave just because they aren't playing Jason.Like I said, it's a little overpriced for what you get. I wish it was a little lower in price, but hey, I don't mind that kinda thing. If you're very picky about prices and content, I would skip this for now."
76561198309200369,Recommended,438740,32082205,Posted: 31 May,all,HotBuns,"My overall opinion of this game is very good..after a bit of a buggy launch and a few problems that need to be addressed..this game really came out of the newest patch bringing new players to the game due to the worst problems being fixed...after that the game brought in some much needed  attention and increased the players and the good reviews..this game is simply great..atmospheric to say the least..at times this game has made me feel like no other game before it.. feeling the satisfaction of close calls,successfully attacking jason,killing as jason and many more things really makes this game one of a kind and a unique title that everyone should give a try if they're wanting to feel proud of themselves..even if that means killing multiple people in grim ways..hiding in this game is done pretty well and is very satisfiying when you trick a fully aware and smart player even if the only thing between you is a wardrobe door or a matress..i could go on for longer about why i love this game so i'll make it quicker....THIS GAME IS ♥♥♥♥ING GREAT GET IT GET IT GET IT PLEASE WE NEED MORE PEOPLE PLEASE PLAY THIS THERE ARE NEW UPDATES COMING SOON ADDING SINGLEPLAYER THINGS AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHH THIS GAME IS BRILLIANT GET IT!!!!!! or somethingl ike that ;p"
,Recommended,438740,32110696,Posted: 1 June,all,nathanfish1998,"though the game is fantastic, the achevement system is kinda broken. i have gotten achevements that were not possible to get at the time, and are STILL not possible for me at my current level of progress through the game, and other achevements that i should have, i was never given. other than that, it was very well made, and i highly enjoy playing it"
,Recommended,438740,31968012,Posted: 26 May,all,『　』,"Fantastic fun game, always loved the jason slashers, due to them being cheesy and fun to watch.Its still rough aroudn the edges, with sometimes not being able to use stuff unless you look at them just right. But its a newer developer (I think?) And it has fun moments with actually intensity.Some things it needs to fix would be to make it smoother, easier to interact with objects, make jason not teleport as much or as intensly. good 7/10, decent game. Would prefer a cheaper price tag probably like 20-30 bucks?"
,Recommended,438740,32000656,Posted: 27 May,all,Speed Racer,"People are only giving this game negative reviews because of the server problems. People don't have patience at launch.It's a good game, keeps up with Dead by Daylight but it's hard to compare them since they're really different games."
76561198098133613,Recommended,438740,32158484,Posted: 3 June,all,Miss Rakoon,Super entertaining.
,Recommended,438740,32052306,Posted: 29 May,all,Feefa Kha'habibi,"Great fun with friends.Has several bugs and a lack of content at the moment, but the bases are solid to have something great going on."
76561198353229386,Recommended,438740,31997987,Posted: 27 May,all,XRAIDER,JASON POWERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
76561197965628046,Recommended,438740,31982260,Posted: 26 May,all,Bozgore,"I'm going to say right now, the negative reviews on this game are completely idiotic.This game is literally what DBD should have been. It's fun, frantic, horrifying, and hilarious all at the same time.Lets just get right into it with pros and consPros!-Playing as Jason is FUN AS HELL, as long as you make it that way. You can either kill everyone in 5 seconds or you can actually have fun and toy with people since you're basically unstoppable-Playing as counseler is tons of fun as well. Aside from what the negative reviewers are saying its VERY possible to survive in this game. Game rewards you for helping your friends, setting up escapes, and stalling jason.-NO ♥♥♥♥ING RANKS OR OP PERKS, Unlike that game DBD perks in this game aren't game breaking in anyway. They have a positive and a negative effect for them. (Less likely to stumble while running +15% but make more noise by 9%) something like that.-No cheese in this game. It's pretty hard to cheese jason without actual thought behind what you're going to do after.-Graphics are actually really well done.-Animations are nice and polished. (you know since devs used full mocap for everything)-Shooting jason with a shotgun is insanely satisfying.-Proximity voice chat!-Audio in this game is amazing, everything is really tense when its quiet, and hectic as all hell when jason is around chasing you or someone near you.-Tons of ways to stall jason, traps, beating him, shooting him, using a special something to distract him for a little bit, radios, firecrackers, and the like.-Tons of ways to kill counselers, on top of the 15 some odd executions you get with your bare hands, each jason has 3 executions with the weapon he has, as WELL as all the enviromental kills-Keyboard controls i personally think work perfectly and have no issues with them. have not used gamepad.CONS!-Not much content, 3 maps, reused textures for those maps, but the  layouts are entirely different so thats something.-Stuff is level locked. Nothing important, some characeters are locked behind level caps i believe the last thing you unlock is at level 13-15. so not too much.-Calling tommy jarvis doesn't really help as much as it should-Price tag. (i am actually perfectly okay with spending 40 dollars on this as it is  TON of fun to play) Other people have a hard time enjoying something if they cant afford it i guess.-Campaign and Bot matches aren't in the game YET.-Cant rebind controls (as of now) though if you're okay with the control scheme dont complain about it.OVERALLThis is great indie game thats tons of fun to play, alone or with friends. If you are okay with a 40$ price tag then you should definitely pick this up. It's only going to get better from here as devs plan to fully support the game with content.Campaign and bots should be added in sometime in summer from what i last heard."
76561198348625312,Recommended,438740,32270859,Posted: 8 June,all,elune,"I was really excited when I first seen it on youtube the only thing im having prob with was when I first downloaded it there was a lot of stuff I had to install to get it to run cuz of missing files, its very laggy idk if its cuz my comp is old (I have had it for years) or if its norm for it to or if its cuz my graphics r not upgraded as it tells me it needs to be before I log into it. I really hope I can get to play it more I just don't like the mechanics using w and a to move around its very tough I wish we could use the arrows it prob be easier but I think its worth it its a bit pricey but if ur one to play it a lot then its deff worth it I was really glad I was finally able to get it to go if your missing files just go on the web to search how to get them back to be ableto download the game"
,Recommended,438740,32271601,Posted: 8 June,all,Lina Adkin (Sophia),This is a great game with a lot of potential but at the moment there is quiet a fair amount of bugs. Achivements barely work but I'm sure they will be fixed. I used to be a often Dead by Daylight better and this game already beats it reguardless of the bugs in it. This has much more variety besides just getting generators or hooking people. They need to fix regions cause I keep getting EU even though I am USA East.
76561198115571092,Not Recommended,438740,32005341,Posted: 27 May,all,kcnation,I would love to say this game met all my expectations and then some.  The sad truth is I can't.  The main reason is I can't f*****g get it to let me log in!  I have been able to play a total of four matches and I have very good internet connection.  Also it isn't allowing me to collect CP so after four rounds in which I did well I didn't earn a d**n thing.  Right now this game is a big steaming pile of garbage.  And yes I am writing this after the new patch today as well.
76561198168044743,Recommended,438740,32810935,Posted: 26 June,all,NiGhTFuRy,"I gotta say the game is really fun,really fun.But like everyone else i agree that the price is a bit to much. Because honestly its really buggy and has a lot of glitches that makes the game just not scary and fun at all, at some points.I mean u release DLC savini Jason because of the community i get it but why dont u listen to us about everything else that highly more important to the game and some of it is at least fix:1.Water blinking when u drive the boat(its really anoying and would take u 15 min to fix it)2.So many matches where Tommy just glitches out and nobody gets him caus the person who shouldev got him leaves making us unable to play him and Jason confused3.Honestly 3 is just the other glitches like on higgins heaven the invincible room and other4.Most disappointing thing THERE IS NO SUMMER SALE JUST ******** Come on guys if u added campaign then i would understand but without it and the game already being a little bit pricey you should really have summer sale and ouf course when firday the 13nth comes it should be like 50% on sale everyone will buy it i mean even know thousands of people bought the game so why not just help us poor ones here(i boght the game i know) but my 3 friends would really want to buy this but it is to expensive for them so pls(not demanding this from you just nicely asking)and i am sure most of the people would agree with me."
,Not Recommended,438740,31980591,Posted: 26 May,all,Extra Fabulous,Positives:The community discussions group is a right laugh.Negatives:The servers are also a right laugh.The devs have ceased updating the community.
76561198138553314,Not Recommended,438740,33755096,Posted: 23 July,all,TheSmellySmellThatSmellsSmelly,"Certainly a fun game no doubt (when working properly). Wouldn't call it a GREAT game though. A bit overpriced at the moment and plauged with glitches, bugs, and crashes. I personally witness bugs every game and crashes every dozen or so. I cant recommend this game as it stands right now because the cons outweigh the pros. This review will change once the core problems are addressed. I do believe eventually this will be the masterpiece we all want it to be. For any of the devs reading this post, please work close with the community and ease up on the permanent bans unless they are very much deserved. I cant help but feel scared to be completely locked out of a game I paid $43.99 for..PROS:+ good graphics (Jason looks awesome)+ very fun with friends working together+ great horror experience and lots of replayability+ cool sound effects, funny voice acting+ Jason's executions are sooo satisfying+ variety in counsellors to match your playstyle+ decent progression system and unlockables+ possible to kill Jason with strong coordination+ few but hilarious online moments of roleplay+ Chad lol..CONS:- game crashes every so often- buggy as hell especially with kill animations- getting stuck on objects throughout the maps- invisible barriers in the woods blocking your escape- people exploiting glitches like getting on roofs, walking out of the map etc- teamkillers and traitors (helping Jason)- ALOT of salty people, racists, and trash talking kids- permanent bans from the devs mostly for upsetting their friends..- at least one person leaves the game when the find out they are not Jason- players leave just before getting killed- weapons can bug out at the worst of times- high ping on many servers as well as connection issues- overpriced for a rushed game with a rough launch and lack of overall content (singleplayer)"
,Not Recommended,438740,34042813,Posted: 5 August,all,Vesicularbus683,"If you can get friends to play with, it's probably worth it. Otherwise, there's no singleplayer (yet) and the multiplayer can get repetitive. Also the cancerous community doesn't help."
,Not Recommended,438740,32051420,Posted: 29 May,all,Feeblz,"I wish there were neutral reviews, because this game is not too bad for being a little over a month old currently. What's the issue? The Gameplay. It's extremely repetitive and regretful if you're solo-queing. Not only do you have a 1/7 chance of dying at the beginning (all depends if you're spawned at an objective), you will barely have any excitement if you don't have a mic nor friends. You will repeatedly get: Teamkilled, Trolled, Ratted Out (someone telling Jason where you are located), and just flat-out bored. If you don't have friends and a mic, I stongly suggest passing this game. With friends and a mic, this game is a thrill and exciting, but solo-queing is just pure hell and torture. Not to mention, you rarely get Jason. Hell, some reported of not getting Jason 7 hours in. If you are a brave soul like I was and is considering buying this game without any friends who own this game and don't own a mic, you should just give it a pass until you make friends who own the game (great suggestion is the forums) and get a mic. The community is just too much of a toxic wasteland for you to go through alone."
,Recommended,438740,32044132,Posted: 29 May,all,Cami,"I'm mixed on how to say if I recommend this or not so i'll leave it at that. This game is overall pretty good, even beta was damn good. The only issue I personally have with this game are A: Jason is OP. B: Sometimes I can roll perks, other times I cant which makes it annoying to have to restart the game everytime (nearly). C: Database errors. I havent been one of those people who cant get in period, but when I have them its pretty discouraging. D: The XP Glitch. You recieve the XP but it doesnt come into play on your level, the bar wont move and even the CP doesnt get accounted for. --- Despite the errors is a pretty good game, they're a small team working on such a huge and what was a highly anticpated game. In a way it reminds me of the movie in itself, They made the first F13 movie with a budget of 700k and it made over 50 Million in box offices. Just like this, thry have a small team, but with what I heard was 75k players on launch day. Its insane if you think about it. So to anyone doubting this game by reading reviews, and you stumble upon this one, Give it a chance. If you dont mind putting up with bugs, or waiting for them give it a go. Most game have bugs at the start and they later resolve. (I Can name one specific one that doesnt listen, but we all know what it is.)"
76561198125401588,Recommended,438740,32049081,Posted: 29 May,all,SipDip,"It is a really, and I mean really fun game, but the biggest problems are the glitches, and theres soo much I can't even count, but lets all hope those get fixed"
,Recommended,438740,32091827,Posted: 31 May,all,kay9gay9,"This game is so fun, i only have 6hrs on it. But when you have your friends it's the most enjoyable game i have played in a long time! Well Worth 40$"
,Recommended,438740,32015218,Posted: 28 May,all,MalcolmInTheMoshpit,"FIX YOUR BUGGY♥♥♥♥♥GAME PLEASE, NOT WORTH $40 AT THE MOMENT."
76561198023408094,Recommended,438740,32236987,Posted: 7 June,all,VikeeVeekie,"I got into this game after a friend asked me to tag along with them. At first I was kind of sceptical about the gameplay as he already told me there are just 3 maps at the moment of writing, however I soon realized that even then the gameplay is extremely differing.The game is never easy for both parties. Playing as Jason requires a certain degree of skills too in some situations. You get tasked to make use of your abilities at the right timing due to a fairly long cooldown period. Playing as counselor requires swift thinking and especially teamwork, I can't pressure the latter enough. People would say Jason is overpowered, but he isn't really. You can outwit him if you know how to stall him and get away to hide.All by all, I can definitely recommend this game. Playing this game got me into watching the original movies, and it's shocking how much care the developers put in recreating the campsites, including the atmosphere. I'm really looking forward to seeing more of the sets of the other movies recreated to further expand the game."
,Recommended,438740,32267216,Posted: 8 June,all,Young Hobo,"One of my favorite games of the year so far, really enjoying it. The game might be new, and have a few bugs, but I haven't really found any bugs that destroyed my experience, other than when you sometimes can't stop the car as Jason. The game is really enjoyable, especially with a few friends. If what's holding you back from buying the game is the ""horror"" tag, then just go for it. The game really scary or anything like that, which might be an issue for some people, but if you want to play a horror game, then any game that involves multiplayer probably isn't the right choice. I'm really looking forward to what this game will bring in the future, and hope we can get some nice DLCs :)"
,Recommended,438740,32168720,Posted: 3 June,all,Bytesnbrews,"Decent gameplay. But could use some polishing. Fantastic amount of nostalgia, though!"
76561198204872004,Not Recommended,438740,31980796,Posted: 26 May,all,Two Moons,Don't buy it yet. Servers can't stay up. Bought it 5 hours ago and still can't play. Will update review when I actually experience gameplay.
,Recommended,438740,31968691,Posted: 26 May,all,FINAL_B,"Score: 6/10In conclusion: The fun factor it is there, but NOT for $40. I bought the game for $21 USD (it is not worth $40 because of various big reasons).I've been following the development since the Kickstarter campaign. The base edition was at $30, but later they added $10 more because they decided to add ''single player'' mode later in the summer, no further details about it.Jason it is actually OP: 1v7 survivors. And it won't be nerfed, it was a designed like that since the beginning.+ Public Dedicated servers (P2P only on private matches).+ Different ways to win as a counselor (survivor), but some of these escapes are limited and only few works for the whole group:Escape with the police.Escape by boatEscape by carKill Jason (this is the thoughest one and almost impossible thing to do, because it requires at least 7 things in the match and everything has to be executed correctly, it is rare to see in comparison to the escape method, this method won't appear as an objective, so it is like a hidden thing, but already known by everyone).Each one of these escapes requires different things, you'll find them by looting. The content, items, etc, it is randomly generated.+ Decent graphics+ No pallets+ Decent sound design, excellent frightening music while playing as a survivor.+ The game it is actually fun with friends.+ Good performance.+ Various types of survivors, each of them with different stats, as well for different type of Jason.The bad part:-Can't change the key bindings at all (this might change later one). So using a gamepad it is a better choice.-Shallow gameplay and animation.-Bugs and glitches in general.-If you play with unlimited frames by using an Nvidia card, it will overheat, so you'll have to turn Vsync On.-3 MapsThe review and score might change for the best or for the worse if they release various patches addressing the current issues. So it might get outdated."
76561198051643242,Recommended,438740,31983880,Posted: 26 May,all,Kalel,"Amazingly fun game so far! Sort of a rocky launch (but what other AAA titles haven't had launch problems) but once it got on it's feet, it's such a wile ride! 9/10! I highly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,438740,32603130,Posted: 20 June,all,Miss Tarebear,"Similar to a more advanced version of Hide and Go Seek, this game can be very fun in its simplicity. Try playing in the dark with your sound turned up to amplify the fears of Jason being near. Even more fun once you find a sociable lobby and teammates that work well together. I would recommend this game."
,Recommended,438740,31973607,Posted: 26 May,all,BuenoBimbo,Screaming counselors telling you they're going to♥♥♥♥♥♥your mother for killing them.
,Not Recommended,438740,32914258,Posted: 27 June,all,L U N A / R \,"This game is fairly broken and filled with repetitive gameplay, Jason seems to be way too overpowered and once Jason finds you it's game over for you unless you have an infinite supply of Pocket Knives or an infinite amount of instant heal med spray that skips the animation. Dead by daylight is a lot more balanced for Killers and Survivors, the survivors have a chance to get away from the killers unlike in F13, where once found your dead for the rest of the game, and get stuck talking to people in other regions who hot mic (always have their microphone enabled). If the developers fix this game to where it's balanced enough to be enjoyable then maybe I'll consider going back to it. Also region locking or dedicated servers in more area would be nice, or let the host of a lobby host the game instead of just being a Map picker. (P2P style lobbies)"
76561198191205207,Not Recommended,438740,31980235,Posted: 26 May,all,Pelishka,"Why you do this to me Jason I waited and waited... and you wont even let me conect and even more, you blame my internet conection when NO OTHER GAME gives me a single problem while playing online.Writing this negative review hurts me more than it hurts you...</3"
76561198131553839,Recommended,438740,31983955,Posted: 26 May,all,FaceLessMonk,"This game is amazing it crushes dead by daylight into the floor there were some day 1 issues like not being able to connect but those were resolved on the day of the incident the horror aspect is really nice alot of custimization,perks and they are adding a single player in as well id say this is all worth if for an indie game the community is funny and there are alot of things to do in the game itself there are multiple ways to survive like calling the cops and hoping jason does not kill you before they get there or repaired a 4 door car and bringing 3 others with you as you see fit or repairing the boat and driving off crystal lake or if you are brave try killing jason your self if I would rate this game in my personal opinion I would give it a 8/10 it would be a 9 but thats for the server issues on launch if you have 40 bucks to spend get this game and if you dont have 40 save up it is worth every penny IN MY PERSONAL OPINION"
76561198022918160,Recommended,438740,32024915,Posted: 28 May,all,CrazyMeee,"Super fun gameplay, although there are quite a few bugs at the moment that do hinder the games enjoyment. The game is also a bit too expensive, however, I do not regret buying the game as I am enjoying play it with friends and family."
76561198065832191,Recommended,438740,32044592,Posted: 29 May,all,boss of the gym,"Little piggy, little piggy, let me in !"
,Recommended,438740,32091460,Posted: 31 May,all,Jackal'D,"Some thoughts...I reallly enjoy this game, but it sure has a lot of negative reviews, some are justified and some are not.The game did have a lot of issues at launch, the servers were overloaded and the party system didn't work.But, the devs put in a lot of work to fix these issues, and did so pretty quickly.There is a few bugs etc, which can be frustrating, but I'm sure the devs are working on them as we speak.  The game is very enjoyable with quite a bit of customisation, every game seems to play out differently, even if the objective is the same.There are only 3 maps, and about 5 different 'Jason' skins with different positives and negatives, but the gameplay is enjoyable enough that you don't constantly think about these factors.Pick up this game if you enjoy communication with others and want to have fun doing whatever, I'm sure this game will only improve."
,Recommended,438740,33267920,Posted: 5 July,all,VX,"Friday the 13th: The Game:Pros:*Good grapichs*Good Music (from the 80s movies)*Fun to play with friends.*Satifsfying to kill Camp Crystal Lake counselors.Cons:*Rocky severs (fixed now)*10 year old kids yelling in mic when near you, then jason spots you from afar.*A few wonky animations here and there.*Shaking Hair physics.*Jason's sense ability sometimes seem unfair. (make sure to check the conselors perks for that)Overall 7/10!Worth a buy!"
,Recommended,438740,31968857,Posted: 26 May,all,UlteriorMustache,Had huge expectations from this game and it has delivered! Love the game! To all the people that think Jason is too overpowered. HE IS SUPPOSED TO BE. Great game guys!
,Recommended,438740,32982477,Posted: 29 June,all,!HowHow,"Bought this game in the morning..Started a match and died instantly, i told myself I'd play one more, after 10 hours I realised that the sun went down xDrecommend this game."
,Recommended,438740,31969424,Posted: 26 May,all,Lady Kalma,"This is still a review in progress, but after 12 hours, initial impression is a thumbs up.The game is, essentially imbalanced. You have to understand that going in. Jason is dangerous, but he's not infallible. For example, he gets radar pings when using his (short-cooldown) sense ability, when players make noise. If you run around a lot and carry out a bunch of actions, you make noise, and Jason can just teleport up near to you and attack. Seems OP except you can just try to avoid making noise, duh. You have to make *some* noise, searching for items, otherwise Jason would never be able to find anyone, and being silent takes longer to get things done, which is the trade-off. As a counsellor, time is the biggest resource you have to manage. Over the course of the 20 minute game, Jason's ""rage"" builds which gives him far quicker cooldowns and the ability to smash through doors easily. So you're in a race against time to get one of the escape methods ready and get out. Suddenly, taking your time stealthing around becomes a matter of judging whether Jason's likely to notice.If you do get caught out, it's *very* hard to lose Jason. Barricading yourself in a house and trying to slip out a window seems the most viable tactic, but an attentive Jason will soon be on your tail. So that's where other items come in, such as a pocket knife (instantly escape his grab attack), a single-shot rifle, a flairgun, or various poor melee weapons. None of that will kill Jason, but it can stun him for long enough that you can run and try to lose him.As Jason, you're essentially hunting the map for anything to give away counsellor locations. Audio clues, doors or windows left open, etc. It pays to play defensively in a way, focusing on cutting off their potential escape routes early in the game until your rage builds enough to make kills easy.Is it unbalanced? Yes, in a way. But it's 8 vs 1. I can't imagine a round where everyone escapes, but if 5 or 6 do, that's a victory of sorts. Jason can kill relatively easily but you can make it a big pain in the♥♥♥♥♥for him to do it, and there's enough of you that he can't afford to spend 5 minutes chasing a single player down as everyone else will be readying to escape. Heck, the game's pretty generous with XP and the credits used to unlock perks and kills, so dying doesn't even dampen the fun for me despite me usually being super salty.There is, in my opinion, one particular sore point that probably need addressing. One is that Jason can essentially turn invisible and move really fast once in a while... and insta-grab someone coming out of his invisibility. It's an instant game over if you don't have a Pocket Knife item to escape his grab. It's an absolute zero-fun move you can't avoid if you don't know it's coming, and should probably have a slight delay before he can grab, because it's so frustrating to die to.There's undeniable jank. Glitches galore, many animation issues, there's a lot of work to be done patching this thing up which obviously should have been done before release (delay it till October, polish it like crazy, and release it on Friday the 13th October just in time for Halloween season, c'mon marketing guys!), so those who need a game to be polished will not enjoy it, but the actual gameplay is crazyfun.Oh, and it's a treat for fans of the movies. There's a huge attention to detail here. From there being 6 (7 including backers kit) Jasons to choose from, each modeled uniquely down to their faces if their masks get knocked off (Jason part 2 even has his long hair, and Jason 8 looks every bit as ridiculous as in the movie), to Jason part 6's ""spear"" being the same accurately-modelled fence railing Tommy used to impale him at the start of the movie, to female counsellors being able to stun Jason by using his mother's sweater and telling Jason to stop, it's nonstop loving attention to the little details.Couple of final notes. It's a well optimized game. It isn't a beautiful game but it runs super smooth even on my potato machine. Also there are some day 1 problems with the servers. The devs aren't doing themselves any favours, posting memes on social media while their servers are down leaving no-one able to play, and giving timeframes like the guy cooking sausages in the movie Snatch. It's a small and passionate indie team but their informal nature isn't very professional and doesn't really assure you that this game will be well looked after.Bottom line? This game requires some forgiveness of its many janks and glitches, and an understanding of what it's trying to achieve (counsellors, you are part of a zerg rush, not each unique mighty heroes deserving of survival), but so far it's been nothing but a riot to actually play. Just please, please patch this game like crazy and fix your servers. Oh, and one specific piece of content already please: Who wouldn't pay for a Jason X model and a space station map?"
76561198175469290,Not Recommended,438740,31986754,Posted: 26 May,all,textbook,I paid $40 for this 3.6GB game because my girlfriend thought it looked cool. Immediately after starting up the game and trying to play together... Big surprise we can't play together no matter what we try.I assume it is because we live together and we have the same IP. I am getting a refund for this garbage game so I can play Player Unknown's Battlegrounds instead.Thanks for wasting my time.
,Recommended,438740,32277230,Posted: 8 June,all,JasonJi,"I wish there were more maps because ultimately, the same thing happens every game. Counselors try to esape via car, boat, or police and Jason tries to kill them."
76561198021550319,Recommended,438740,32358026,Posted: 11 June,all,QuiiZ,Really fun if you play it with a few friends. alot of russian though but that's whatever.I'd rate it 8/10
,Recommended,438740,32075165,Posted: 30 May,all,Houston,"If you enjoyed Dead by Daylight but hated all the bugs and unplayable lobbies, then this is highly recommended. If you like the Friday the 13th movies, or just horror in general, this game is DEFINITELY for you. It puts you as a camper or Jason, which both feel very unique and fun to play. The only cons I can think of is:1. People cry about the bugs too often. It just came out, bugs are expected2. Lots of times I find people that talk in the mic are either very young and cringy, or foreign and nobody understands themThat's it. It's a great game 10/10"
,Recommended,438740,31973512,Posted: 26 May,all,Twizted420,wish there was an AI momde for those of us with no frineds lol<least none that want this :(>
,Recommended,438740,32213483,Posted: 5 June,all,Kayo,*Police Called**Tommy Called**4 seater Car fixed**2 seater Car fixed**Boat has been fixed*Still died tho.10/10 For Vanessa's Tig Ol Booty
76561198068275444,Recommended,438740,31969546,Posted: 26 May,all,Mr. Jak,"I generally don't like to play online games. But this is different. you can work as a team and try to escap and survive or you can go it alone and try not to die.As Jason it's just you versus them and when you hunt them down and listen to them cry and the chatter. It's fun and exciting.This isn't the second coming of anything. It's certainly not perfect, but for the price, the perfect 80s slasher flick feel to it, it is perfect.I'd definitely recommend at least checking it out."
,Recommended,438740,32116449,Posted: 1 June,all,sbergum,"I can't remember ever having so much fun in a game. Gun has managed to capture the essence of 80's horror. The graphics are decent, gameplay is good, and thet music sets the atmosphere. The only con is yes the gameplay is repetitive but what game doesn't lose it's replay value? If you're still on the fence I highly suggest checking out a live streamer on this game. Either way it's hard to find this much fun for $40."
,Recommended,438740,32118762,Posted: 1 June,all,Daimyo Heligo,"I'm not one for the serious reviews, as you can quite clearly see in my previous ones. But anyway; I've been following the game for a while as a genuine fan of the series itself.I can't really bash the game in all entire sections as it definitely has the pros towards it as a game, but I still personally feel the game itself struggles because of how popular the series is and the want for a genuine Friday the 13th game. The bad NES one doesn't count. The game has a good idea but it's fairly flawed in the idea.Having spent about 75% of my time as a counselor I can definitely say that it's primarily luck based on whether or not you can escape, I've had cases where I've spawned in a cabin with the necessary tools to escape via car or boat in cabins relatively close, in other cases the opposite side of the map. While not necessarily a gripe it comes into place on one of my main issues with playing as a counselor; the idea that Jason can Morph almost instantly is incredibly harsh considering there's been cases I've spawned and within the space of half a minute I've been killed by Jason, as a result it gets quite boring watching an entire match where I couldn't participate due to the circumstances of the Morph system.Another issue in regards to being a counselor is the idea of the composure mechanic, in the menu it states composure influences how easy it is to escape from Jason's grip, but with how Jason's grip mechanics work you have roughly a two second window (without the use of a pocket knife) to escape from his grip before he can execute you, but I've only escaped from his grip about...three times without assistance due to Jason wanting a specific kill or their general incompetance. Even with a character who has high composure like Adam or A.J; I've never been able to escape aside from those three (at minimum) times which almost makes the idea of the primary selling point (to me at least) moot. While there are perks what can allow you to escape more quickly it's based on the RNG whether or not you get said perk and even then, it may only provide a miniscule benefit such as 2%.I've also had cases of major hitbox issues with Jason, there've been times I've hit Jason numerous times yet he's been unaffected despite playing as someone with relatively high strength (Adam in this case), I was completely dumbstruck at this as I was suffering from the cooldown where Jason was able to grab me and kill me, I could easily blame this on ping but both of our pings were relatively low. Another case of hitbox issues is when I was playing as Tommy Jarvis (my boy I might add) and shot Jason through a door he was breaking into with a wide enough hole to realistically stun him, yet there was no effect. Because of this I'd wasted my only means of defence and died as a result.Playing as Jason while fun, gets a bit boring if you're a Jason with restricted stats in terms of movement. Part 7 Jason suffers from this heavily due to his lack of ability to run and Shift which is a major mobility ability being restricted. While Morph is unaffected that's based heavily on the perception of the location and having a general idea of where the counselor is going. If you fail to utilise Morph to get a counselor and your Shift is regenerating you're going to suffer heavily especially if they're someone with high speed like Chad and unless you have throwing knives or they run out of stamina you're out of luck for that time which if the police are ready to allow you to escape really dampens the fun of it.While I could write about the Jason's I've unlocked (aside from the Savini skin which I wasn't really able to purchase due to curreny exchange rates and the BackerKit not having Paypal, but that's not really relevant) it's hard to talk about all of the Jason's without having really been able to play as him much. Part 2 definitely feels like one of the stronger Jason variations due to him having increased traps when spawning and having the ability to run with his Morph ability regenerating faster.I'll give credit to the developers for definitely making Jason FEEL like Jason, with the reprisal for the motion capture by none other than Kane Hodder with the executions being well performed and having a nice variety between them.Overall, while plagued with issues what I believe to be easily fixed the game's pretty functional, I definitely feel the game plays better with several friends than playing with random people while it can be fun with randoms as it adds to the tension but at the same time if there's ongoing hostility it takes the fun out. Proximity issues in regards to spawning in are somewhat forgivable but it's still quite irritating. Another aspect of proximity is the voice chat, without utilised external voice chats it gets really fun with immersion. I give the game a recommend if you're into F13 and want something fun for the friends.I recommend the game, but be prepared for issues in terms of balancing.EDIT: I've only just recently remembered. Melee is incredibly poor to work with as a counselor, because your swing is significantly slower than Jason's speed he can easily just walk away and grab then execute you, there's no fairness behind that and detracts from any resonable fighting chance a counselor has. Not only is it in poor taste it's absolutely pathetic in terms of trying to give a counselor some chance of fighting back when Jason just simply walks off then grabs you. It requires either a faster melee speed, or at least a better chance to escape from his grip (which I've mentioned above).Score; 7/10Pros;Good immersion with voice chat.Jason feels like JasonFun mechanicsThe idea of working together to survive or risk it out yourself and attempt to survive is definitely interesting and adds a layer of funThe ability to kill Jason through methods reminiscent of the movies.Cons;Poor hitbox detection.Jason's a little too powerful with his grab being insanely broken regardless of character composure and the lack of a cooldown before he can execute you.Certain Jason's are insanely underpowered in terms of Weakness and Strengths.Limited counselor variety.Melee is incredibly clunky as a counselor and for Jason by some extent.I get the counselors aren't meant to have much of a fight againt Jason but even in combat stance the dodge mechanic seems to have little effect at times.Edit: As of late, I've been plagued with issues on the game such as atrocious hitboxes, constant crashes and radio silence in regards to updates. Recently an update had been given to nerf one of the more popular perks for a counselor with no indication or information from the developers that it was going to be happening.Apparently the perk itself had an issue with it giving a double benefit to the damage resistance which made it more difficult for the counselor to be killed by conventional means of damage such as falling and even being hit by a car. It was also probably one of the few methods to fight back against Part 3 Jason and Savini Jason who have massive buffs to their weapon damage. Because of how fast Jason hits in comparison to a counselor even with Swift Attacker there is almost no chance of being able to fight back unless you have someone with you.Thick Skinned while in the common opinion, overpowered it still provided means to be able to fight back against a Jason who continously swung at you due to the stun locking effect.The way the developers are also prioritising banning players instead of fixing general issues such as Jason's grab range and game breaking bugs such as the car flipping in certain areas is cause for concern, while banning is completely justified in regards to people helping Jason and exploiting out of the map. I still feel that people insulting and in general using crude language isn't necessary to provide a ban, you can't censor the human language and trying to force it is completely asinine.(more to be added)"
,Recommended,438740,31992169,Posted: 27 May,all,Keiji162,good game but the issue im coming by is that i cant unlock achievements? when will this get fixed?
,Recommended,438740,32305243,Posted: 9 June,all,NightFurious,Great Game.Better Then DBD since theres more ways to escape.Community is lovelyBalanced
76561197992135934,Recommended,438740,32100509,Posted: 31 May,all,Rigatoni,Steep for a multiplayer only game and has some bugs but its a whole lot of fun.
,Recommended,438740,32110590,Posted: 1 June,all,Eibrand,fun
76561198050018430,Recommended,438740,32036935,Posted: 29 May,all,tacoliker!@,tis good but has a few issues.
76561198002723770,Recommended,438740,32076939,Posted: 30 May,all,AngusBurgers,"Game got off with a bumpy start. Content is kind of sparse at this stage. Bugs are present. But the core is there, and it's exactly what I was always looking for in a Slasher video game. Hope they keep adding to it and fixing it as they go."
,Recommended,438740,32102583,Posted: 1 June,all,Sythe,"I've been playing this game since yesterday, i already KNOW it is better than it's spin off Dead By Daylight, great as game guys!"
,Recommended,438740,32327904,Posted: 10 June,all,Josh,good game better than dbd
76561198086993233,Recommended,438740,32018539,Posted: 28 May,all,Angelique,"Worth every bit of it's Price, yeah there are some issue's but it's a new released game.Be Petient id play this game everyday it's that much fun.BIG GG GUYS LOVE YOUR GAME"
,Not Recommended,438740,32006276,Posted: 27 May,all,Justin Taylor,"First of all..Yes. I had a lot of fun during most of the time I played the game.And yes, it was some weeks ago when I played it the last time.Second...The game did not change at all. It was the decisions of the Developers that made me quit playing this game.Reasons:--> No patches (there was no patch since I played the game the last time).--> Unannounced perknerfs (you grind a long time for the Counselorperks and the Devs decide to stealthnerf everything).--> Members of the Community were banned and told openly in the Internet that they are pedophiles (the ♥♥♥♥?!),  because of some Kids that knows the Developers.--> The game is only playable in full private Lobbies. There are less people per day that play this game and the ones left are either not the ones you want to play with and the others play private Matches.--> (Not even talking about the ""content"" that is in the game right now, there are enough Reviews for it) <--Update:Better add a paid DLC for this♥♥♥♥♥♥already. Wow."
,Not Recommended,438740,32714918,Posted: 24 June,all,Special Agent Javier Peña,Needs more work and a lower price tag.
76561198187824463,Recommended,438740,32059628,Posted: 30 May,all,Emusk,"Really Addicting, Servers arent a issue anymore :D"
76561197967813876,Recommended,438740,31997973,Posted: 27 May,all,Electric Nipple Tassles,I have been waiting for a good Friday the 13TH game since the ♥♥♥♥ing 80's when it was on the NES!
,Recommended,438740,32115250,Posted: 1 June,all,Ms Law,"I've been waiting for this game for so long ! I've played a lot to DBD, excepting that kind of experience (and obviously I didn't have it). And youreallydidn't disappointed me.Good points:- The balance between the Counselors and Jason is done pretty well- There are so many ways to survive and so many ways to kill them all- After 30hours, I'm still shacking after some games. Because it was just so intense- You can actually play stealthy or aggressively. There is a counselor made for your gameplay' style- The devs are really invested and love their game. The first few bugs were fixed in only 3 days. You can trust them.- 40$ is not that expensive, its a multiplayer game, with a lot a contents in my opinion, you'll easily refund it with fun. It's a little studio who's paying servers, they need that money and they spend it well.Bad points:- Some people Alt+F4 when they see that they're not the killer. So we're like 5 players in the party... it's sad :(- There is still some little bugs. Like when you're stuck in a closet, or flying in the sky (it was fun at first)Some improvements I would personnaly like:- Change the animation of death in the water... that one is really messy xD- Maybe add hidden places in the bathroom (we could hide in the toilet, or hide behind the curtain of a shower)- And it would also be nice to encourage the killer to kill people with the animations. Some people just press their left click and it's boring :(But anyway, I love this game. Thank you for creating it. It's amazing. As a future game developer I hope I could do some games like yours in the future."
,Recommended,438740,31992364,Posted: 27 May,all,D640,it could use more content and some updates to settings but overall i like this game and enjoy playing it
,Not Recommended,438740,32910868,Posted: 27 June,all,Aw3s0m3 K1W1,Cant rebind controls.
,Not Recommended,438740,33721299,Posted: 22 July,all,Devotion,Broken servers. have only finished 1/5 games.
,Recommended,438740,32068305,Posted: 30 May,all,♥LionKing♥,"I don't know what to think about the game right now... i mean it's a lot of fun but sometimes when Jason is grabbing you from several Meters away... can be a pretty frustrating experience but im sure it has something to do with the Jasons latency wich is mostly bad because there are people from russia, asia, america playing on eu servers. But if you are looking for a game to play for a long time with your friends in a privat lobby or even online it's a must have for your libary!!!! :)"
76561198148753276,Recommended,438740,32095739,Posted: 31 May,all,Coconut Peeler,Coconut peeling simulator 2017 11/10(Chapter 9 Jason is best Jason)
,Not Recommended,438740,31988568,Posted: 26 May,all,FrozenKing,THis game is fun but the party system doesnt work dont buy until it's fixed
76561198087955519,Not Recommended,438740,31999695,Posted: 27 May,all,NoziucSnake,"Second day: I purchased the game (27 May, The second day of release) while my friend brought it the day that it got release  and I cant even play with them because, I cant invite an yone and IF i join their game I only get an Error. Is this worth the $40. En-O. I didn't even play the game and i want to refund however I will wait till the next patch and If that patch is fix the game I would not get a refund but if it continue I would loose my will to play the game and I will make a request of an immediate refund."
,Not Recommended,438740,32007196,Posted: 27 May,all,Fluffyburrito,"I cannot recommend the game at this time and, probably, the future.I don't care how big or small you are as a development studio; your game came out 30 hours ago and I can't play it.  I've been watching the people who actually can play the game (all big time streamers, of course) and there's still bugs that weren't fixed in the beta.The developers have already apologized by saying ""we're a small studio but we love games""; well I guess they don't love customers, because the majority of us can't play the game they made and they clearly don't want to hire more people on to fix the game's problems.  Based on this behavior I don't even trust that this attitude will change in the future."
,Not Recommended,438740,32022065,Posted: 28 May,all,RivaL,"Well let's see....I've seen some videos on yt and i kinda liked this game, so i bought it - played it for 30 minutes.And the game looks pretty fun to play, but for me it feels like it's unfinished,buggy and i don't like the ""movement"" of the survivors.I MUST SAY IT'SNOTWORTH 37€ - At this state a fair price would be 15€ (my opinion)So maybe after some time when it gets more updates i maybe rebuy it - but now refunding!"
,Recommended,438740,32049002,Posted: 29 May,all,Justin™,First off this game is not worth $39.99 in it's current stateThis game is a blast to play it's so much fun.  But there are only three maps at the time of this review.  If they were to add more content then yes it would be worth $39.99
76561198134297713,Not Recommended,438740,33551289,Posted: 14 July,all,The Rad Lad Battle Chad,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing broken. They dont bother to fix the bugs, they just decide to do new ♥♥♥♥ing maps and some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t DLC that no one wants."
,Not Recommended,438740,31971639,Posted: 26 May,all,X.horagema,"Okay, previously I reviewed this game, I was neutral about it, because it had some pros and cons.Right now this game is an one big CON. I mean it.Let's start with that that devs is completely foocked up the release of the game -- servers were down for a while, we had a lotta bugs, not everyone got their Savvini Jason, etc.I thought - maybe they did the game better, maybe I can play it. And what I got is unbelievable. Bugs are still here, facial animations is still funny as hell, and developers STARTED TO BAN PLAYERS JUST BECAUSE THEY WERE IN THE BAD MOOD.There should be ""Report"" button in Steam just to report games like that. I think we should have a possibility to refund this.And yeah, the game is still♥♥♥♥♥♥ Save your money.P.S. Fanboys, go puck yourself."
,Not Recommended,438740,34098190,Posted: 8 August,all,Monklee,get better devs lolololol0olololol
,Recommended,438740,31992909,Posted: 27 May,all,Quill,Best game
76561198123448752,Not Recommended,438740,35476088,Posted: 4 October,all,stopadvertisingCSGO.com,"I desperately want to recommend this game. I really do. But ever since that god damn spring break update, my game has crashed upon startup every time. A fatal internal error every time the game starts up, and the devs can't do anything about it, I just miss playing as Jason tbh.At least I got some good games anyways."
,Not Recommended,438740,35449189,Posted: 3 October,all,☠ the real russian hater. ™,"Totally not worth its price. No content, glitches and crashes all around.  Poor game."
76561198142088309,Not Recommended,438740,35253604,Posted: 27 September,all,Captain Howdy,"After playing the S*it out of this game upon release, I have slowed my game play down to almost NOTHING. The game it self is great, some bugs here and there. But the MAIN reason I quit playing is the TOXIC community! People rage quit for no reason. other than the fact that they didn't get to be jason. Or the fact that they got killed super early. It sucks! But it happends! But what really grinds my gears is when you get a couple of♥♥♥♥♥hats playing togeather and one of the Jabronis gets to be jason. Well that just means that the rest of the band of misfits gets to just Jerk around and do nothing, for the simple fact that jason is going to ignore them like most people ignore the CLAP."
,Not Recommended,438740,35121366,Posted: 21 September,all,MeowtinDew,"Broke weapon durability, Made stunning jason last like 3 seconds, a lot of fps issues."
76561198140148683,Not Recommended,438740,35189372,Posted: 24 September,all,Gekomoria,The reason why the game died so fast is not the team killing. It's because of the lack of content or rather the lack of maps.
76561198338778901,Not Recommended,438740,35336993,Posted: 30 September,all,FatGuysWeiner,"At first the thrill of this game is delicious. Then you find all the things that are wrong with it. Playing as Jason, which is supposed to be the funnest part of this game, is actually the most frustrating. Have you ever had a nightmare, where you're trying to run, and can't? That is pretty close to what it feels like to play as Jason. The counselors, after having played the game for awhile will have different tools, to thwart Jason's kills, even after you've spent an insanely frustrating amount of time getting your hands on them. When a counselor can run around a couch, indefinitely, without Jason being able to catch them... well... it just confirms how unbalanced the game design is.  Then, of course are the heinous glitches, but those are being worked out, slowly but surely. Playing the counselors, is actually very fun at first, but the lack of more maps to explore, and different items to utilize; it gets rather repetitive, pretty fast.I really wanted to love this game, and spent the ridiculous 39.99 to play it, even though it clearly needed to be at a lower price point, and available in ""Early access"" only. I didn't ask for a refund, and held the faith, only to have that faith♥♥♥♥♥♥on by a very unbalanced, repetitive, and over all frustrating gaming experience."
76561197960349193,Not Recommended,438740,35470221,Posted: 4 October,all,Neoxsat,its a good game but def not worth 40 bucks 30 tops if you love horror games
,Recommended,438740,33190345,Posted: 3 July,all,Gunder,Largely glitch free now and very fun. Recommended!
,Recommended,438740,32074189,Posted: 30 May,all,Bork Lazer,"The funniest game experience i've had in years...There's nothing like trying to co-ordinate with a group of other players when suddenly the VHS glitching hits and Jason joins in... Everybody screaming down headsets, laughing and running for their lives.Similar to Dead By Daylight in premise but more well-realised, balanced and polished. Graphics are very pretty with a cartoonish 80s vibe & the facial expressions are ridiculous... this game is hilarious! & the devs know it is. ""It's pronounced ki ki ki ma ma ma, not chi chi chi ha ha ha"".Be warned, Jason's kills are pretty f**cking brutal! Considering they are on innocent if not obnoxious dorky 80's teens, some might make even a seasoned gore gamer wince a bit.Developer has been working round the clock to fix the initial server problems due to the unforseen popularity at launch & game now runs smooth for me. Dev is very active on social media to resolve any issues.If Dev keeps adding to this game then it'll be drop-in fun for many months to come. It's silly, funny and well designed."
,Not Recommended,438740,33334443,Posted: 6 July,all,Paahtomaisteri,"i really really enjoy this game! its really fun and enjoyable and you can play it for hours and you won't get bored but the game has too little for the price of 36,99€ but for me i don't mind that since i enjoyed the game but the only reason i'm going to give it a thumbs down is because this one reason really pisses me off as i don't own a monitor and i play on a 35 inch TV on my PC and if you're going to tell me to get a monitor heres the thing i'm not buying a monitor just for one game i own a TV and my set is perfect and i like it! So the game doesn't support Fullscreen 1080p while playing on a TV on PC (not including consoles) still i enjoy the game and its hella fun but would be great if they did fix this problem i can play on fullscreen windowed mode on 1080p but its really terrible considering the mouse lag and input lag i get using fullscreen windowed."
,Not Recommended,438740,34030565,Posted: 4 August,all,eZ,Well it was fun while it lasted....Patch update: added some cool new things but there are still many bugs and some way to go before you can justify the price of the game.
,Not Recommended,438740,32435348,Posted: 15 June,all,SyncxizT,"It's a decent game, i've had many fun hours playing it, the main reason i hate it tho is that people keep alt + f4ing when you're about to kill them as jason, even your premades."
76561198037645285,Recommended,438740,32031431,Posted: 28 May,all,[MVP]StabbyBanana,"This game is awesome,its just absoulutly remarkable. the graphics are nice,the audio is perfect,the game has Jason setup as it should be. when i first saw the reveiws on this game i was a little worried that it wouldnt be what i wanted but its worth the 40$"
76561198049904353,Recommended,438740,32320885,Posted: 10 June,all,C I DE R,stunned jason twice with a pan without taking damage 10/10
76561198075958715,Recommended,438740,32024904,Posted: 28 May,all,kyle11113,its a fun game when it works and the developers are working really hard to get it working have patienceEdit : its so fun
76561198239917974,Not Recommended,438740,32136252,Posted: 2 June,all,Saintally,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t game that wont even get past the launcher without getting an error!
76561198056880162,Not Recommended,438740,33585073,Posted: 16 July,all,HipSter,"game where ping over 200 gives you advandage on other players, and its not sincronising players correctly."
,Recommended,438740,32055265,Posted: 29 May,all,Bampot,this game has got a lot of bad name for glitches but as off yesterday (when i got the game 0 i have not encountered any glitches so if the glitches were what were putting you off the game then  now you dont need to worry about the glitches as they are all patched 10/10
,Recommended,438740,32063556,Posted: 30 May,all,badjuju,"A lot of the criticism this game is receiving is warranted, however the game is just pure fun for me. Yes, there is only 3 maps, yes there is only one mode to play, and yes, the game has some bugs that need to be ironed out. Despite of all of that, this is one of the most fun multiplayer games I have ever played.The $40 asking price is steep, but well worth it. Games that offer this much sheer fun, shouldn't be passed up."
,Recommended,438740,32271993,Posted: 8 June,all,Lilium'✞,"People who complain about how OP Jason is....Hes ♥♥♥♥ing Jason Voorhes for gods sake..... and tbh i dont think its hard anyway i escaped more than i could even imagine, its not about how OP jason is, its about the players self. It IS really fun game to play alone or with friends,  and if you wanna have fun this is the right game, buy it immediately."
76561198142463200,Recommended,438740,32055404,Posted: 29 May,all,The iron hide,"this game is alot of fun. the mechanics aren't to buggy from my experience. the only issue i have with this game and a reccomondation i would give to new comers is, wait for it to go in sale. its an expensive game for not to much content. its a great game and i hope the developers can add more to it in the future."
76561198088493690,Not Recommended,438740,32580665,Posted: 19 June,all,This is for sale.,"Friday the 13th is a violent game of hide and seek with a twist, because if you're found, you die. This game is a fun game to play when you've got the right builds, but unfortunately those builds depend on lucky perk rolling. This game is also INSANELY buggy, with many crashes and glitches. This game SHOULD NOT have been released without proper testing and fixes.This game also relies on LUCK to be Jason. You can have Jason set to your  ""preference"" and play for 8 hours (for me I'm going on 9) and STILL not become him. Make a que system, where every round you play gets you points toward being Jason (except for the people who dont want to be him) that way EVERYONE can have a fair chance and we don't get the same person playing Jason 3 times in a row!This game also punishes you for trying to save your friends, basically if you team kill you lose 1,000 points. Often times, you'll have a shotgun and Jason will have just picked up one of your friends, or someone is behind jason with him chasing them or you, if you SHOOT jason and the shot will hit Jason AND potentially your teammates that you were trying to saveand all of a sudden EVERY SINGLE POINT THAT ROUND is lost because you tried to save someone jason was about to kill.Another issue is the price, any other game with this premice would be 20 dollars, even 15, but because this has a horror icon in it, they can bump the price up.Don't get me wrong, I enjoy this game, but I can NOT tell anyone to buy this game in good concious."
,Not Recommended,438740,31988604,Posted: 26 May,all,Zombie Elvis,It's 2017.  What game doesn't allow custom key bindings???  THIS ONE.
76561198112538911,Not Recommended,438740,31996332,Posted: 27 May,all,狗是好的,"Haven't been able to play due to Database login error. This is still effecting a tonne of people, yet there is zero communication from the devs. Console has been patched already, but those with this on PC are still waiting. This is totally unacceptable, and a disgusting show of no quality control once again from game develepers. Do not recommend this game at all."
76561198135968494,Not Recommended,438740,31998555,Posted: 27 May,all,Harsh45,"-Too much team killing.-Boring and slow gameplay,  Having to practically walk everywhere.-Terrible ping no matter how good of a connection you ""Think"" you have.-Not enough content to fill a nats♥♥♥♥♥-Laughable encounters with jason,  Jogging for 10min while he slowly creeps behind me.All in all just not that great.  For someone that can't remember the last F13 movie he's seen this just isn't that great at all.  I also don't think its worth anywhere near 40 dollars.  I think the team behind the game did a good job but it didnt work out as planned in the end.  5/10"
76561198002911957,Not Recommended,438740,32003146,Posted: 27 May,all,LORD OF THE HARVEST,"The game itself can be fun.Obvious issues being a lack of communication and people purposely screwing over everyone else is to be expected in a multiplayer game.Basics.Game is 1v7, where the 1 is overpowered. Yes, I said it. But, it isn't a bad thing. Jason is supposed to be. Why you may ask? If the counselors work together (fairly rare) it is very balanced. Sort of like...you know the horror movie itself where the people run around like chickens with their heads cut off or don't work as a team they end up getting killed.Multiple ways to escape and each mode isn't a win button for every counselor. We learned the boat didn't accomodate many people...that one car is for four and the other 2.Game has a perk system which you buy with points that give a random perk of varying potency. On their own they add a negligible boost at best but when you mix and match them you can craft concepts. For example, I use the jock with a combination of stuff so I can't stun Jason in no more than 2 hits as well as being more resistant to Jasons swings.Another character I have built around crouching everywhere to avoid detection.Cosmetics unlock through leveling.I haven't noticed many bugs. Got caught on some objects maybe 3 times in the 9-10 hours I've played.So why the thumbs down?Database. Login. Failure.Obviously new games have issues. To be expected, though it is something we shouldn't have to expect and the industry should know better, but the problem is one of consistency. I've been able to play the game off and on. Off being when I ran into this connection issue. I haven't even had it the worse, some people haven't been able to play the game at all since the game literally first came out (12:00 AM a day or two ago).This is a problem purely on their end of the spectrum and it is taking them time. Not also mentioning the issue backers have been having since launch (I wasn't one of them but I figure I would speak up about it) which includes issues with keys, specialty items and not being able to play.The game itself can be fun but the community has alrady begun to turn into the typical multiplayer space. Not a mark against the game nor the developers, just a word of warning to those out there.The game mode is obviously limited. It's essentially tag/scavenger hunt/hide and seek which isn't a bad thing but for people expecting something more than a single game mode and a small pool of maps you won't be happy.So honestly, not many actual problems right? This leads us to the price. A $20 game with these issues? No problem. A $40 game with these issues (constant login errors, lack of variety in maps/modes as well as other points above) then it becomes a problem.Much too steep. I don't regret it. I love Friday the 13th and $40 isn't near breaking my bank, but to be as objective as possible for what is here you might as well save for a sale. The devs have stated they are looking to add a single player component in the future but be advised we have no idea what that would be like (as the devs are fairly new to the development scene it seems).In shot, subjectively. I enjoy the game. Objectively? Not worth it at $40, wait for price drop.Had they a not thumb up or down system I would have picked that but due to the system we have I had to pick one."
,Not Recommended,438740,32000114,Posted: 27 May,all,nsf,"Got hooked onto this game because of brutal Jason kill animations. The problem with this game is that it's the only thing that is good in it. Everything else is very bad. It's not something you will play everyday, very painful and not entertaining at all. Just find a youtube video ('m sure somebody will make it) with all Jason kill animations, it's all there is to see. Don't waste your money."
,Not Recommended,438740,32018721,Posted: 28 May,all,BigDaddy,"It has not been called early access and the price charge is high. Yet this game has so little content with the promise of adding more... it couldn't be more of an early access title. Actually, I have several early access titles with more content and better mechanics than this game... I think for fans of this franchise, it might be fun, but there is no horror, no tension, no heartracing, just repetitive cutscenes and music, which already starts to be more annoying than a killer hunting you..."
,Recommended,438740,32110920,Posted: 1 June,all,DEBO.Єнкон,"Very Playable, Most negative reviews are performance related. I have seen 2 breaking bugs so far, but im very confident they will fix soon."
76561198063885576,Recommended,438740,32166230,Posted: 3 June,all,Slaughterhouse,Don't listen to all the negative reviews. This game is fun and ive hardly noticed any glitches or anything game breaking. most fun ive had with a online game in a long time. 8/10
76561198027085544,Recommended,438740,31990631,Posted: 27 May,all,Zumbah,Really fun game however i haven't got to play much due to the servers but it is still awesome
,Not Recommended,438740,32014524,Posted: 28 May,all,Cr0w,"$39.99 for a broken, repetitive game.My prediction is that the game will be dead in a few weeks.This should've been $20."
,Not Recommended,438740,32656853,Posted: 22 June,all,Gabriel Van Helsing,I bought this game 4 days ago and i still havent been able to make it into a single game without a crash. i havent even gotten to take my first steps in the game because it crashes as soon as the beginning cut scene ends. The screen goes black and then i get 2 error messages. I've run multiple tests and nothing is wrong. Ive tried to validate the steam files 15 times and it always says 1 file failed to validate and will be retrieved but it never is. i paid $40.00 for a game i cant even play.
,Not Recommended,438740,32032019,Posted: 28 May,all,K . U . R . T,"I've had so much fun in 35.2 hours, but in the state it is in, it is definitely not worth $40 USD. Half of the 35 hours I have played, I did not gain any experience for, while that is negligible for someone like me, to many, it is not.Also I was having fun as Part 2 Jason until I teleported and fell through the ♥♥♥♥ing map, thus ending the game. I wish I was streaming that so I could send that to the developers as video evidence that there's a bug with that.I recommend this to people who have a group of friends willing to blow $40 together to have a ton of fun, I do not recommend this game to people if they want stable non glitchy gameplay.I understand GunMedia is about a 10man indie development team, and they're working DAMN hard to get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together. Server nodes, bug fixes, fixing the DLC code not working, and various issues.But they shouldn't be releasing the game without saying it is EA (Early Access) because you're basically paying $40 to play a beta game."
76561198240074308,Not Recommended,438740,33652237,Posted: 19 July,all,amandaelizab3th,"A lot of promise, and I'll revisit it in a few months to see what has changed. Feels a bit like early access."
76561198010240131,Not Recommended,438740,31975786,Posted: 26 May,all,RATDIOS,Feels unfinished in nearly every way.
,Recommended,438740,32311403,Posted: 10 June,all,Fernan,"Alright - time for another review of mine. :j2: :j2: :j2: :j2: :j2: :j2: :j2:So, this is the typical ""horror-game"", what you see is basicly what you get. Friday the 13th!- 7 horny councelors are camping at different locations near Crystal Lake, making Jason MAD and wants to smash'em all.You get in a lobby with 7 other people - which means it's going to be a 1v7 match. One player gets Jason and 7 others get to be murdered. It's really ""rng"" but not really - once you get the hang of it, you can see in the lobby who's gonna be the next Jason. Let's say that guy nr.3 on the list - ""Chaddy"" was killer the first round.. then there's most likely 99% chance that nr.4 on the lobby list - ""Hubert"" - will be the next Jason. I can usually predict it anyway!You need to organize a lot with people if you wanna play ""serious"" and escape, you can be altruistic and help the others fighting off Jason, protecting them - or you can be a piece of ¤%#& and run them over with the car or take off in the boat all alone. I myself do both, depending on how the team is. BUT I usually play with 2+ friends, so we usually end up fixing the 4-seater and taking it for ourselves or sacrifice ourselves for the greater good of the team. Also the ingame voicechat can be fun (making a dramatic death, screaming when you see Jason etc) but it can also be quite annoying with people insulting you for killing them - but I guess that's just online gaming in a nutshell.ALSO you have 5... 5!!!! options of escaping!- Calling the cops, which makes the cops arrive after a 5min timer after calling them; find the fuse, install it in the fusebox and call'em.- Repair the 4-seater car (blue car); You need to install a battery, fill gas on it AND then you need car keys and drive out.- Repair the 2-seater car* (yellow/brown car); You need to install a battery, fill gas on it and car keys - then drive out.- Repair the 2-seater boat* (...boat...); Install propeller and fill it with gas, then start the motor and ... ""drive""? out.- Calling Tommy Jarvis and killing Jason; This.. is almost impossible with a fully random team, sadly. I myself have done it with 3 randoms and a friend! Look up guides on ""How to"" on either steam or youtube (or google).- ""Surviving"" for 20 minutes; You will not be rewarded for surviving for 20 minutes.*The 2-seater car and the 2-seater boat is a random spawn, there's only 2 vehicles on the map, where the 4-seater is a 100% spawn, so the 2-seaters boat/car is a 50/50% spawn.Controls; Bit clunky at the beginning, but once you get used to it, it's pretty basic.Sounds (Music & Sound effects); Sound effects are decent, some are however still delayed by 0.2-0.5 seconds, but I think they'll fix it within the next few updates! The music.... oh god, the music. It's the real horror in the beginning - but once you get to know the difference between the ambience music and the ""he's here - RUN!!""-music, then it becomes less scary.Graphics; Graphics are overall good, but you can tell it's indie developers with a lesser budget that's made the game.Balance; This is probably THE MOST discussed topic on the forums! Personally I do think that the shift+grab+instachoke is bit overpowered. I genuinly believe that Jason should have 0.5 seconds ""cooldown"" on his abilities and grab after he exits shift. (BTW Shift is his ""invisible fasttravel superspeed thingy""), but should still be able to HIT with his weapon. The game is also designed so that the survivors shouldn't escape, but in nearly all matches I've played AT LEAST 2 people have escaped. There's some balancing issues with Jasons traps at the moment (10th of June, 2017) where he can place 2+ traps on top of each other, so even if you disarm one trap, there will still be more traps under the disarmed trap.Bugs/Exploits; (10th of June, 2017) Sadly, there's a lot of people using exploits to hack others perks and CP (points you use to roll perks), but the developers are fixing it. I myself have lost my perks and CP 2 times already! Luckily I do not need to play with perks tho. People have been exploiting themself onto a rock, under a bridge etc. so that Jason couldn't get to them - wasting others time. Luckily the match-timer is 20 minutes and they do NOT get a reward for surviving by time! If you see those players ingame and you're a councelor - KILL them. Screw the -200xp points you get. They deserve to die. If you're Jason and see an exploiter, go to the nearest councelor and tell him to kill the guy exploiting - and you will spare them their life (you can do that or you can of course lie and kill them after that... but I wouldn't recommend that, since chances are they will not help another Jason with that in the future).Other; What I like the most about this game is the different ways that you can kill people as Jason! Each Jason has 3 different ""special grab-kills"" with their weapon, and additional.... 15? different grab-kills. You can only have 4 active grab-kills btw. In addition to this, you have at least 10+ ways of killing councelors with enviromental stuff, like drowning them in the lake or the toilet, burning them in the fireplace, throwing them out of a window etc. or you can just hit them with your weapon if you want a fast game! If you want to do enviromental kills then get a Jason with +grasp strenght so you can carry them to the enviromental-killinggrounds and sacrifice them to ""Mother""!- The beginner-Jason (Part 3) is good for that!Edit; June 10th, 2017; I think I forgot to adress an ingame voicechat issue that I have: it would be REALLY nice if you could turn the volume up/down on each players mic, as some people have a REALLY high mic and others are like a whisper in the wind.I will be updating this review once in a while and change it up.If you're looking for a survivalgame where you WANT to survive everytime, then this game might not be for you.. if you're looking for some quickplay, then this is not for you either - this game is slowpaced and if you want the +500 endgame XP, then you have to wait approx. 20 minutes from match start, till you get your points.If this game doesn't sound like it's for you, but you still want some survival-horror that will make you think ""oh ♥♥♥♥ oh ♥♥♥♥ he will get me any moment now.. faaaaaaaak"" - then I can recommend Dead by Daylight as it's in the same genre.PLEASE; Keep it civil and don't make insults to me on my review or my profile.If you have ANY questions regarding gameplay or ""how to play"", please write me a message either on my review or my profile and I will try responding in detail!"
76561198364899648,Not Recommended,438740,33871019,Posted: 28 July,all,Pastel_Anime,THIS SUCKS DONT PAY FOR IT IF YOU HAVE PC OR WINDOWS- i have windows 10 and you can not play what so ever i wasted 40$ for a damn game that doesnt even play. it joins me with nobdy im the only one in the group FIX THIS NOW I SWEAR ILL TELL EVERYONE NOT TO BUY THIS GAME ITS♥♥♥♥♥
76561198195600505,Recommended,438740,32052107,Posted: 29 May,all,redjr98,dont expect perfection fust yet from this game its still in devlopment that has bugs and glitches every where but it is sill fun and frightining to play it has potintal to be a great game it just needs time and support and feedback
76561198036181923,Recommended,438740,32042312,Posted: 29 May,all,Cherry,"I mean I like the game, reguardless of the issues."
,Recommended,438740,32052058,Posted: 29 May,all,Sean0402,Defiantly worth the price tag.May be some issues every now and then but the devs are extremely good at fixing them and very reliable!They listen to what the players want!!
76561198340745590,Not Recommended,438740,33734315,Posted: 22 July,all,Thousandgraph,This game sucks i bought it from a gift from my blind dad and it says that im missing a file. Then it says unistall it ive unisatlled it 20 times and it dosent work. ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,438740,33661530,Posted: 19 July,all,Death Mask,"Game So GOOD but more bug in game ,,, :X"
,Not Recommended,438740,31985443,Posted: 26 May,all,The Majestic Space Duck,"I waited for this one for quite a long time. So here's my initial 1,5 hour... Starting up the game my first course of action is always a trip to the options menu. Adjusting the volume, boosting graphics to the max, you know the drill. Then I wanted to change the key bindings, to have a voice chat on the same button I always use.You can't change the key bindings. Well that was bad. Really bad as most of the keys were standardised for your average PC... I don't like using standard controls in most games. People are creatures of habit, so I was talking to myself, thinking I'm using the voice chat for my first two games.Graphical glitches and missing prompts don't help much. As well as a bit wonky camera, bit too close to the character. But the game is fun, a bit repetitive, but a huge chunk is locked away with progression system, you know, unlocks, levels... so for now, there's real clone syndrome going on. One game we all looked the same. Most games at the start end with everyone dead, except one or two people who played longer, they know the maps, they know where things are and they're accustomed to the controls.The first Jason I've met wouldn't shut up. Broke the immersion in the first seconds of the game, so I let myself get killed. That is an issue, you might think it's not, but it is. Cooperation and communication is vital in this game, yetJason player is on the same channel as the rest of you. The first one I've met talked so much you couldn't hear others well. I was in a screaming contest with him to tell the others I had the car keys... Last game I played, a Jason and a random dude made a pact, car was fixed, three people inside and the driver takes everyone to Jason to get killed. Why? Because they can communicate on the voice chat, same one everyone else is supposed to use!With quick game you're being connected with random people from the internet. Makes sense, doesn't it? Well yes and no. The game feels like a P2P multiplayer, and it's probably what it is (EDIT: nope, the game has dedicated servers that must be set up in weird places, because getting a good, fast connection is near impossible for all players and with my internet speed, when even I have latency issues, the servers have to be way too far). Or I had theluckof being connected with people whose ping was in three digits, most of the time starting with a number 5. You can't have a good game with players lagging all over the place! At one point I grabbed a dude as Jason, killed him. But he survived that, because he escaped, at least on his screen he did. After smashing down the doors it takes them up to 2 seconds to let me go in, plenty of time to use the window... and so on. Latency is a big problem for a multiplayer only game.This is a good, fun game, it really is, but it still feels unfinished.Really fun, but not yet done. There appears to be a character customisation menu, but you need to unlock things I think, and with all the issues the game has, that's a slow and painful grind.TL;DRThe good:GraphicsAtmosphereGameplay loopJASON (theme)The bad:No rebindable controlsCamera issuesAnimation glitchesDisappearing key promptsLatency issuesUnlock systemVoice chat systemButton mashing and QTEEazyCheat (malware) cheat protection"
,Recommended,438740,32038738,Posted: 29 May,all,Darth Zed,"Game is honestly very fun. If you enjoyed Dead by Daylight but felt the killers were too easy to beat, Friday the 13th has the more horror movie vibe of if he finds you, you're probably dead.Jason can murder anyone by himself without needing to sacrifice to some spider god in DbD, using either his trusty weapon (Different to each version of Jason), grabbing and tearing them apart with his bare hands, or finding a convienient object in the area...a fireplace to roast them, a window to smash them through, hell even just crushing their head in a door.You also aren't helpless as a counselor! Grab any weapon shaped object you can, and give it your all in a good whallop to stun Jason senseless long enough to get away. And I mean get away, most of the time going for round 2 ends with being drowned in a toilet. Use that free time to frantically search every cabin in the camp for car or boat parts, a working phone for a police escort, or even the secret components to silence Jason for good!Each counselor has differeing stats and can be focused on hiding, fighting, repairing, or running, generally. Each Jason also comes with 4 unique grabs based on their unique weapon and unique 3 pros and cons each.Not to mention the voice chat between all players can add to the experience with a maniac Jason screaming or quitely taunting you the whole game.Now the bad...Animations can be a bit buggy, if you require perfect graphics, then you won't enjoy vibrating models on certain terrain, crazy hair physics, or a few badly shaped hitboxes on fences.Also you can't rebind anything...yeah it's cringey but at least the controls are simple...hopefully this will get fixed after the...server issues.As of 5/29 there's some database connectiong issues preventing a portion of people from playing, preventing gaining xp, and preventing getting new characters and abilities. However as I type this the servers will be going down to hopefully fix all that, so if that's the case ignore this paragraph.And as far as $40 goes, they will have a singleplayer mode coming in a few months as well as plans for new counselors and Jasons, none of which will cost anything extra. The maps are 3 to 4 times larger than a DbD map. It has an awesome license it uses in full. And even though each of the 6 killers are Jason, the different grabs and pros/cons have each Jason playing and feeing quite different.Oh and those who paid extra for the kickstarter to help the game get made faster get an exclusive Jason designed to be Jason after he climbs out of hell, yes he has his own pros and cons but not anything that doesn't appear among the others. Some people are angry they don't also get this Jason, but as it is a reward for backing I'm personally not bothered at all, and no I don't have it.All in all I love it so far, much more than it's current rival Dead by Daylight. It's more about the game without focusing on grinding or ranking up. After the devs, who are working day and night right now, get the bugs worked out and polish up some stuff it'll go down as one of my all time favorites."
,Not Recommended,438740,34125908,Posted: 9 August,all,CHAD KENSINGTON,░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░ ░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▓████████▓░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░ ░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▒█████████▓▒░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░ ░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▓██▓▓▓▓▓▓███░░░░░░░░░░░░░░ ░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▓██▓▓▓▓▓▓▓██▓░░░░░░░░░░░░░ ░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▓█▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓░░░░░░░░░░░░░ ░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▓█▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓▒░░░░░░░░░░░░ ░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▓██▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓░░░░░░░░░░░░ ░░░░░░░░░░░▒▓▓█████▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓██▓░░░░░░░░░░░ ░░░░░░░░░▓█████████▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓███▓▒░░░░░░░░░ ░░░░░░░░▓███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓████▓░░░░░░░░ ░░░░░░▒████▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓███▓░░░░░░░ ░░░░░░▓██▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓██▓░░░░░░ ░░░░░░▓██▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓██▓░░░░░░ ░░░░░░███▓▓▓█████▓▓▓▓▓▓▓█████▓▓▓██▓░░░░░░ ░░░░░░████▓█▓░░▒▓▓▓▓█▓██▓░░▒▓█▓███▓░░░░░░ ░░░░░▒█████▓░░░░▒▓█████▓░░░░▒▓█████▒░░░░░ ░░░░▓████▓▒░░▒█░░░▓███▒░░▒▓░░░▓█████▓░░░░ ░░▒▓███▓▓▓░░░██▒░░▒▓█▓░░░▓█▓░░░▓▓▓███▓▒░░ ░▓████▓▓▓▓▓░░░░░░░▓▓▓▓▒░░░░░░░▓▓▓▓▓████░░ ░███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▒░░░▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▒░░░▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓██▓░ ░███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓██▓░ ░███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓██▓░ ░███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓██▓░ ░███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓██▓░ ░█████▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓███▒░ ░▒█████▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓███▓█░░ ░░░▓████▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓████▒░░░ ░░░░▒▓█████████████████████████████▓▒░░░░ ░░░░░▒▓███████████████████████████▓░░░░░░this game
,Not Recommended,438740,32010962,Posted: 27 May,all,MarsShadow,"EDIT: This review will be updated if/when the game is patched into a better state.What a mess. I was so looking forward to playing this game but I cannot in good concious recommend it in the state that it's in, especially for $40. The game is less functional than some early access titles. I can not believe they released the game in such a pathetic state, which is all the more disappointing because the core of the game is very fun. Don't support the devs until they fix the mess they've dumped onto the steam store for people to buy."
76561198366103570,Not Recommended,438740,32009845,Posted: 27 May,all,Gtown526,"So the game is fun when you are able to play with friends, but right now it has issues and it is not worth the 40 dollars I spent. The servers are glitchy and it is hard to get a match with a friend.  Yesterday more issues came up and i was not able to send invites so I can play with a friend.  This is stuff I expect on early access games, but this isn't early access but it seems like one.The game play is fun and Jason is OP which he is supposed to be and as long as they keep it that way it will be a lot of fun.  You are able to work together with other players or you don't have to and can TRY to escape by yourself.  I don't recommand the game right now because, it has glitches with the servers, you can't send your friend invites and the price is too much at the moment.  If everything worked and the game didn't act like a early acces game i would have recommended it."
,Recommended,438740,32080050,Posted: 31 May,all,Christian Moms Against Anal,♥
76561198055367714,Recommended,438740,33149838,Posted: 2 July,all,Panzerfäust,I freaking love this game! This game is full of great players (prob the best player base I've found so far.) and a good way to meet more players. Add some more content and keep this game alive with support and this one is a real gem! <3 Jason!
76561198150660805,Recommended,438740,35362715,Posted: 30 September,all,Eyelessraven,"So, when I got this game I found a roleplay group. Harmless right? This is what happened.Day 1Plays Tiffany CoxCreates a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ motto for Tiffany Cox ""Do you know who I am?! I'm Tiffany Cox, emphasis on the Cox!""Friends points out ""You mean ike the cable company?""Is sad friend has ruined my cheesy mottoWasn't paying attention cause saddness and gets grabbed through a ♥♥♥♥ing wallDay 2Plays Tiffany with Chad as my boyfriendGets falcon punched in the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ by Chad (sound effect and all)Has Lachappa fight for my honor while I recover from broken ♥♥♥♥♥♥ syndromLachappa wins and gets the girlGirl gets ran over by an asian girl in glassesDay 3Kills Jenny Myers because no one likes Jenny ♥♥♥♥ing MyersMakes Eric shoot Jenny Myers for being Jenny ♥♥♥♥ing MyersLaughs in the face ofsome camp cult leader as I suicide pact with EricGets sung to in the after life.So, what we've learned today is. RP is great and so is this game. 10 outta 10 would get Jenny killed again."
76561198031401857,Not Recommended,438740,32799766,Posted: 25 June,all,Daddy's Girl,"Okay, I'm so done with these devs in this game, they have banned nearly everybody on this game, which means they have a low player base, also majority of people who have been banned, have not even been e-mailed the reason why, I had to e-mail them 2 times and yet I've no reply, so what is this♥♥♥♥♥♥ also banning people on a broken game? that is the biggest joke in 2017, and it's like 40 dollars, I paid £30. So now on my account, I have ""Vac"" even though I never cheated in the game, if I did something wrong, at least not make it a permenant ban, thank you. Oh also what triggers is that children can play this game, but I get banned. the kek is real. ALSO, if you're getting required evidence for banning people, where is our e-mail to tell us why we're banned? Your game, and your devs are broken, ♥♥♥♥ing fix it up, honey. Also I demand to be unbanned, thank you."
,Not Recommended,438740,34674251,Posted: 1 September,all,Howie D,"These devs are something else.There is so much to be said about this abomination of a game. It's fun as hell. Especially with friends. But that's about it to the good factor.This game has almost been abandoned by the dev team. Gun media is already planning a new game to release soon. Yes, we are getting a huge update in october, but october is another month from now. These devs have had ages to update this almost abandoned game. Yet we don't get anything from these devs. It just comes to show you how little Gun media cares for this game. This games was rushed out of early access even though there are still a ton of bugs, and adding small maps doesn't fix anything. This game is broken and feels rushed.Another thing that the devs broke were the severs. Every single time I play this game with my friends, or by myself. I end up getting Dc'd because of some ♥♥♥♥ing stupid message saying I could not connect to the host. This is absolutely outrageous and I'm almost mad at myself for spending more than $40 on a game like this.The devs had so much time to update this game and they failed because they didn't care about it. Long story short.When they fix the dc issues, bugs, add single player like they said they were going to, and much else, then I'll upvote this game."
76561197965157475,Recommended,438740,32099729,Posted: 31 May,all,noon3freak,This game is alot of fun. I am telling you.
,Recommended,438740,32113951,Posted: 1 June,all,Tvarina,I loved this game from the first second🖤
76561198280218745,Not Recommended,438740,32409228,Posted: 14 June,all,NooBBooster,"I really hate the fact that most of the game will be hidden behind a paywall. This game needs a lot of work for example: counselors can hide under the bridge at Higgins Heaven, roof glitch its impossible to get them when they´re on the roof, sometimes hiding under beds, closets etc. Jason cant kill them (the interraction icon doesn´t appear). And the fact that you had to donate 65 $ to get a free Story campaign and Savini Jason skin.I hope in the future the game will be better and recive free digital content."
,Not Recommended,438740,31979736,Posted: 26 May,all,110Al2,You can not select Jason. The game selects random from the lobby players. Also Killer is OP.What's point that you can not play whatever you want?
,Not Recommended,438740,31979747,Posted: 26 May,all,Syndrum,"Connecting Simulator 2017, GOTY"
76561198164832229,Not Recommended,438740,33330095,Posted: 6 July,all,Magnus,"the devs ♥♥♥♥ing banned me becuase of an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who was so onesided,so dont buy this game unless if you want to get banned by a panzi♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who takes everything way to serouisly"
,Not Recommended,438740,32021067,Posted: 28 May,all,Strange,"A good slasher flick is sure to have a lot of blood, plenty of violence, and a lot of laughably dumb moments. All of that is definitely found in Friday the 13th: The Game, a multiplayer horror game that has players trying to escape in one piece from Crystal Lake. The concept is a great one, which is why IllFonic’s latest game was able to nab the license to one of horror’s biggest franchises and have a very successful crowdfunding campaign. Now that it’s finally out, potential doesn’t mean much, as backers are now forced to look at the monster they helped fund into existence.While I had a few really fun matches in Friday the 13th, they were overshadowed by a lot of bad ones. The game is shockingly unpolished, as I regularly clipped through furniture in houses, and found button prompts to be unresponsiveGlitches were also a common occurrence.Friday the 13th: The Game shouldn’t have been released in the sad state it currently is in. From glitches that make players invincible to terrible matchmaking that had me waiting over 10 minutes to get into a room, it’s putting it nicely to call the end product a mess. It’s really heartbreaking to see since there are still positives that manage to shine through if one can look past the galling lack of polish. The core gameplay, when it works properly, can be fun when played with friends, and there are some refreshing ideas underneath the jank. Several months from now it may become the multiplayer hit it strives to be, but right now it’s an embarrassing release that can’t be recommended and if you want to get it, best to purchase during sales!"
,Recommended,438740,33431282,Posted: 10 July,all,♥Flower Ranger♥,"Of caurse I would recommend this game to anyone, Its a amazing game! I have spended alot off my joy in this game and I always will, This game has a absolutley amazing comunity, Its a comunity that loves to joke around and have fun, Thats what this game followed the best compaired to any other games I know, The comunity in this game rly knows to have fun and shows that truely! As the counselor is to place your tactics right and try to survive Where if you are Jason you wana kill the counselors before they get away! You can survive by either repairing the car, Repairing the boat or repairing the Phone box and call the police, Tho Jasons Throwing knifes and his Bear traps will make your life harder on that! And after all every coundelor has their own things to do! ( I will go deeper on this ina bit) Dispite all the Negative revieuws off people complairing about buggs the bugs this game has rly arn't that big of a isue and this game is kept EXTREAMLY good up to date so if you walk into a bugg you may find anoying just point it out and omstly there will be worked on! What is the best about this game like I mentiond is the comunity, Its the best I have ever seen, You just spawned in and Jason found you in less then 5 seconds, The Jason may be nice and let you go to make you survive a bit more, You playing as a character with horrible repair for example: Jenny Myers or Tiffany Cox Some Jasons may let you finish so you can at least get your xp and they may even let you go and have a head start! As long as you have a positive additude people mostly will return that to you! As I mentiond before every counselor has their own shining moments! Where Jenny Myers has the best composure in the game, She can break free from Jason extreamly fast and gets barly to never scared! And as where Chad Kensington has amazing luck Meaning thw windows maybe won't hurt him if he jumps threw them, his weapon will not break as fast and he has a big chance to spawn near a car battery, Gas can,Propellor or maybe even the Phone box fuze! Tho Chad has absolutley awfull repair, Where Deborah Kim and Eric ''J.R.'' LaChappa have godlike repair whats mostly imporrible for Jason to notice! Or Maybe Tiffany Cox with amazing Stealth meaning she can stay off Jasons radar for a rly long time! Where Vanessa Jones can run away from Jason for a long time due to her high Stamina and Speed! As Where Brandon ''Buggzy'' Wilson has amazing Strenght, Meaning he can easely knock Jason on the floor or maybe even knock his mask off  Giving everyone a guarent 50 xp! (What else that is good for I will go on ina bit) At times, Yes people tempt to help Jason but I don't Judge them, If they are helping Jason then the counselor who they are trying to expose to Jason must have done something, for example not behaving or just not playing nice and if they get killed they may hate you but hey you are just trying to enjoy the game the best you can, If some people who wern't nice get upset let them be! A thing you do kinda wana watch out for tho is trying to aim the Flaregun and expecially the shotgun (The only 2 shootable weapons in the game) As the Flaregun as a weird ark meaing you may miss what will still mark Jason on the map and give you 5 xp but it won't stun him what may be the dead off you if he's right infrond off you or the dead from another counselor he is grabbing! As far as the shotgun goes I rly want to explain this right cause I have seen so many betrails happen with this thing! (Betrails are when you kill a fellow counselor Whats the worst you can do in the game, Not only will it give you a man down it also will give you -1000 Xp meaning you mostly will end up with no xp in the end off the match!) You want to aim for Jasons legs if he gabbed a counselor, Cause the shotgun (Surprise surprise) can penetrate and kill the Counselor Jason is grabbing! However if he doesn't have a counselor grabbed then just shoot him anywhere on his body to stun him (No Headshot things don't work ever in this game.) But there are 2 diferand types off stuns in this game to get on Jason, You can make him fall on the floor, What is the stun that can be both good and bad, If Jason can mash E rly fast he will get up in litterly a second (Tho this is mostly importand for Melee weapons and not rly for the shotgun and the more Strenght a counselor has the longer Jason will be on the floor guarenteed) You can also stun Jason where he looks over his sholder what is a stun he can't mash away and also here depending on the strenght off the counelor depends the stun time for example Jenny Myers and Tiffany Cox won't stun Jason for long at all, Where Adam Palomino and Brandon ''Buggzy'' Wilson can stun him for a redicilous long time. There is a radio on the map that can be used to spawn a escaped or dead player in as Tommy Jarvis the Hero character off the game, Tommy's Job is to help the other counselors escape and acrificing as this guy is the best you can do, Tommy Jarvis has 10 off all stats meaning 10 composure, 10 Luck, 10 Repair, 10 Speed, 10 Stamina, 10 Stealth and 10 Strenght, As Tommy Jarvis you will always Guarenteedly spawn in with a shotgun aswell, Tho Tommy Jarvis can be used for something else rly importand what is the 5rth and most unlikly way off surviving the night aside from escaping by boat,Car,police or just by time and thats to kill Jason, For killing Jason you need 3 things, THis is where the knocking off mask comes tomimportand, You need to remove his mask, You need a Female character to go to Jasons shack and pick up his mothers sweater this can either be: Jenny Myers, Tiffany Cox, A.J. Mason, Deborah Kim or Vanessa Jones, If 1 off these Females has his Mother's sweater and Jasons Mask if removed and Tommy Jarvis is on the map Then you can take the task to put Jason down for once and forever! You can remove his mask if the Famle with the sweater and Tommy Jarvis are alrdy there aswell its just however the time strikes it! If Jasons mask is off the Female needs to press Q to Stun Jason (This stun can not be blocked in any way possible ever by Jason.) While Jason is stunned He needs to be knocked on his knees by a blunt Weapon (A baseball bat is prefert in this!) If Jason gets hit by the blunt weapon after the stun with the sweater he will fall on his knees, After that Jarvis has to press Q while holding a Hatchet or a Machette and he will for ever put down Jason! (Well.. In that match at least xD) Tho this is pretty rare to happen but its the hardest thing to do in the game! A thing to keep in note aswell is that Jason can hear the counselors if he is close to them aswell as that, Escaped or Dead counelors can not be heared by the counselors alive. There is only 1 thing I would never recomment anyone to do in this game and that is leaving while you are bineg killed. It rly has no use, You deny Jason the Xp for finally Catching you and on top of that you don't get any xp for the match you just played, meaning you miss out on the 500 xp you get for staying til the end of the match (This is litterly 50% of the Xp for get in a single match) You don't wana miss out on that now do you! As far as if you are Jason you do rly want to pick your targets, You want to kill a Deborah Kim faster then going after for example a Tiffany Cox cause Deborah Kim can repair silently and you don't want that to happen another example is you want to kill Adam Palomino fast then Jenny Myers Concidering Adam Pilomino can repair pretty well aswell as stun you for a pretty long time! The hardest thing to do as Jason is Watching the police so counselors don't escapr and expecially trying to catch a Car that got repaired or a boat that got repaired is extreamly hard due to how fast they are! As I said there can be some bugs but witch game doesn't have those and they are sominer it doesn't beat the amound of fun this game is giving you together with the truely amazing comunity! I would recommend this game to everyone who loves joy and fun~<3"
,Recommended,438740,33664685,Posted: 19 July,all,Edonarus,"This game is funny and scary at the same time. For those that are complaining about bugs, Get over it! You all love Skyrim which is the worlds most buged game ever. Cut some slack!Bargining as Jason and making people testing out their friendship amongst themselves is a evil, yet sweet thing~"
,Recommended,438740,32030469,Posted: 28 May,all,Help! I'm lost in life.,"TL/DR: Refund and bad review bandwagons are usually left by people who don't learn the game enough, or due to bugs that they are trying to fix. Great for the interaction with friends or new people, can be stale in a game where nobody talks. Up to you if you think its worth $40, for me it was.This game has it's issues in its current form, which admittedly some should have already been fixed, however alot of them are understandable.People complain about Jason being OP, or how he can instantly teleport to you and hit ya for free. The issue is, people hop into the game and don't learn. They end up refunding after getting whooped once because they run, make a boat load of noise, and don't realize how fear works. Most of them will also most likely end up with Vanessa since she is the default, and she has terrible stats other than her speed.  Nobody really gives this game a chance once they hop on the refund bandwagon or just write bad reviews, (which is totally understandable if you just CAN'T connect, I would be angry too.)They are trying to fix the servers right now and I believe they are saying even though your progress is not shown, they are still tracking it so you will still get your XP and CP.PROS:- Great interaction between people sometimes. When you get in a lobby where everyone or atleast 5-6 people have voice chat, it can be a blast. I have met some interesting people in my fair share of 17 hours in the game, some playing music as Jason, people genuinely working together, or people who scream at Jason when they die or are running away. (The best part when you are playing Jason)- Great use of music and sounds while playing. The music can be intense even while Jason isn't near you, keeping you on your toes while he maybe hunts down someone else, and suddenly you can hear their last dying scream as your music ramps up. Generally though, it gets much less scary when you learn the tracks that tell you to GTFO, or ones that are just there to keep the you on your toes.- Lots more to do that in other horror games of its type. In dead by daylight generally you are just going around for generators, or praying for that one lucky trap door to save your life. On the other hand, in F13 you have much more to do: Fix up one of (one or two) cars on the map, a two seater if jason is near the other, or you just wanna boogie ASAP, and the fourseater. Fix up a boat and try to snag a victory before Jason drowns you. Call the cops and pray that they spawn at the highway exit near you, and also calling Tommy Jarvis.- Variety in escape once Jason finds you. There are a good amount of weapons, some being much better than others that you can use to stop Jason and run, or barricade future escape spots in houses.CONS:- 3 Maps for $40 is quite steep, even if I enjoy them.- Only a few Jason parts are really viable if you are trying hard. (Specifically 3 and Sackhead, while 6 is probably the most balanced and fun to play/play against IMO.)- If nobody interacts very much with eachother, it can get stale.MIXED:- Some people experiencing connection issues, although I haven't other than saturday night while servers are expanded (FIXED)- Perk and leveling system currently broken, or very occasionally working. (FIXED)- Lots of occasional screwing people over if you find someone who is a bit rude, or you are in a tight spot. (Hey, maybe thats your thing, who knows.)- Some of the people you meet are damned awesome, or are people you would not really want to meet ever. For example, ive had lots of people sacrifice themselves for a couple people to drive away, or get away in general while at the same time ive got the N bomb dropped on me by some Japanese person (nothing wrong with that, just thats basically the only word he knew in English lol)"
,Recommended,438740,33007909,Posted: 29 June,all,dyingskeleton ☽,"Bugs - There are alot of bugs that need to be fixed. But overall they have been updating the game fixing alot of these bugs.Jason Voorhees- Jason is overpowered in certain situations. Jason can teleport and then immediatley grab there is no stun after he teleports, so he can easily kill you with that move. Jason also gets alot of useful powers very early I would hope they make the time for him to get his powers a little more so that you actually have a chance to go into a house without being seen within the first 2 minutes of the game. Once Jason finds you if youre not with another person you are basically screwed unless you have a pocket knife, if you don't there isn't enough time to struggle and Jason will quickly kill you.Counselors- There are plenty of characters to choose from so that isn't an issue. I just wish there was more customization for the characters. Depending on the character you choose you can be better at repairing things or staying quiet and much more. I think the characters are evened out because not everybody wants to play the smart nerdy girl or the typical dumb hot girl. Now Tommy is a character you call for and when somebody dies they are chosen to come back and become Tommy. Tommy is a really good character and is really fun to play.Teamwork- This game doesn't necessarily need teamwork because if you find all the parts you can just put them into the car or the boat and do everything yourself, but it's better to have people on your side to help you escape much faster. You can also use them as bait if you have to (joking, not really) But it's much easier to face Jason when in a group and it also keeps your fear down not alerting Jason. Some people are jerks and just kill you for the sole reason that they don't like you or that they are just annoying. But usually everyone wants to get out and will work as a team.Gameplay - The game is like a scavenge simulator at first but can be really fun once being chased by Jason or doing a task with other team mates. The gameplay is usually smooth except for the bugs that sometimes cause the game to crash or just make something weird happen.Audio - The music can be intense, and really scary sometimes. But is really nice most of the game. I really like the indie music of the indie Jason skin.Intro and Cutscene - PLEASE DEVS TURN THE INTRO MUSIC DOWN....When you first start the game you dont have the option to skip. The intro is very loud and so is the opening cutscene were Jason is seen killing the first character and all the others run off in different directions.Overall - There are alot of bugs still to be fixed, but it's what makes the game fun. Jason needs to be balanced out and the characters should have more to choose from when it comes to hair, and outfits. Overall it is a very fun game and I do recommend it...But for 40$ thats alot of money for a somewhat broken game...So I would wait for a major sale or look on a webstie...But if you have the money and you want some jumpscares and some fun to pass the time then I think you would want to purchase this game."
76561198054668351,Not Recommended,438740,32657996,Posted: 22 June,all,The Lords Knight,"I have alot of hours on this game and have played it tons of times, but this game crashes way to much. Most of the time the counselors call the police and the police actually arrive. I crash every single time. I dont recommend this game. It crashes so much, so buggy. And Jason is suppost to win (said by Devs themselves on a live stream). Takes forever to get the parts to get the car working, Take parts to get the phone working, the parts to the phone are across the map and if you do find them you get killed by Jason, This game is fun but its way to difficult to escape. Of course its your money and do what ever you want with it, Im just giving you a warning on why I hate this game. Have a nice day!"
,Recommended,438740,32054497,Posted: 29 May,all,Master Dizz,Decent
,Not Recommended,438740,33380377,Posted: 8 July,all,witchblade,buy it in a year when the price drops and there aren't as many bugsalso the game is ♥♥♥♥ing boring and no one should be subjected to this sort of mental torture
,Not Recommended,438740,32005001,Posted: 27 May,all,glitchdetector,"Database login failure the game.The game is really unpolished, all actions you perform snaps the character to a certain animation, and the overall gameplay is shallow and unbalanced."
,Not Recommended,438740,33782122,Posted: 25 July,all,awge,♥♥♥♥ this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game waste of my money
76561198347392284,Not Recommended,438740,32011437,Posted: 27 May,all,Akinola,No No No No JUST NO!!!!
,Recommended,438740,32939003,Posted: 28 June,all,IceCommander,"nice game, bisschen überteuert aber aus meiner sicht hat es sich gelohnt"
76561198049162473,Not Recommended,438740,32027271,Posted: 28 May,all,HALBERTY,"Edit- got all my stuff back so happy now lolSo iv played it a lot and found it fun, their are annoying glitches and bugs that i hope will be fixed, iv just quitted out the game to put my headset on to load back into the game to only find my counselor and jason characters have been locked, i was level 14 now back to level 1, think i will wait till they fix it, also i shut the door and jason glitches through and grabs me and kills me straight away, i hope these things get fixed as i can see this being a great game, but for now its hard to see this being good at the moment seeing as one major thing is that iv unlocked a lot of stuff only to be back to level 1, hope they fix this game soon."
,Recommended,438740,32034418,Posted: 28 May,all,Shia LaPuff,"Yes, there are some bugs and server issues at the moment, but overall this game is incredibly fun and makes making new friends easy."
76561198303912417,Not Recommended,438740,34528757,Posted: 27 August,all,Iwasraisedbyacupofcoffee,This is why you don't buy the pig while it's still in the bag.
,Recommended,438740,32054236,Posted: 29 May,all,GMassacre76,It's like in a horror movie- We need to split up- So even betterThe community is not very much but the spirit of the old horror film is present in the form of stupid allies10 checkered shirts in combination with light jeans of 10
,Not Recommended,438740,34684474,Posted: 2 September,all,StrangeBones,Overpriced for sure.Game quality is way too wild. One game its a high thrill escape and next game its a lengthy walk through the forest finding nothing.Most of the time the game devolves into a walking in the dark simulator.If it was $20 it would be a good pickup.For now dont bother.
76561198260868643,Recommended,438740,32327857,Posted: 10 June,all,~Mr. Waffle~,"The game it's very good.I love be Jason but it's a little bit difficult be chosen.I like the majority Parts of Jason, especialy the Jason Part VIII.The fact you can talk with the other players is very important and funny at the same time. Because you need to plan how escape from Jason, by boat, by car or calling the cops. And you can find very funny players to interact with them and make new friends.I love the easter eggs the developers put making winks to the Friday the 13 Movies.The Soundtrack in the game is so cool and making remember the FT13 Movies.I recomend a lot this game."
,Recommended,438740,33140250,Posted: 2 July,all,Chef,This game is super good but of course there's more issues than there should be for a official release of a game. This game isn't worth your 40€ for sure.
,Not Recommended,438740,34583074,Posted: 29 August,all,Atilla,"Dear god... What the hell is wrong with these developers?So first of all, I love the game, or at least I used to before the recent patch. You can see it clearly with how much time I spent on it.Anyway, the recent update is a complete mess, the game isn't fun anymore. I now have severe framerate drop, the gameplay feels clunky. Jason has been nerfed like crazy and can be destroyed by a group of counselors.They also changed few things like breaking windows with an actual animation, aka things no one asked for but Gun Media judged that they deserved changes for some reasons. I can't be refunded anymore because of how much I've played the game, but oh boy, do I regret it now.Don't buy it, it's a mess, Gun Media/Illfonic are simply very bad at programming.Also, 'wood'. Ding.Sin tally: Too many."
,Recommended,438740,32117088,Posted: 1 June,all,Dan Dan the Roofing Man,Fun game. Can stick n*iggers on trees.
76561197963293191,Not Recommended,438740,32524282,Posted: 17 June,all,Fryst,Fun game but not worth anywhere near 40 bucks in the state its in. buggy as all hell. Either you action button stops working as survivor or you wait 4 hours to play as jason just to have it freeze. Original and great idea. Awful execution.
76561198043993575,Recommended,438740,32100805,Posted: 31 May,all,Burb,"Credits song was ""He's Back (The Man Behind The Mask)""10/10"
,Not Recommended,438740,32607119,Posted: 20 June,all,NaleyGaming,"It's absolute bs. I get Jason is supposed to be overpowered, but you have very little time to escape a grasp. Including the stupid glitches in game."
,Not Recommended,438740,32634069,Posted: 21 June,all,IronBodySteelRod,Look it's been said a few thousand times already but people that paid in to have the Tom Savini Jason skin have a bit too much of an advantage and to lock it from all your loyal paying fans that support this game right now even in it's clunky broken phase is just not fair I'm sure you wanna show appreciation to your backers but aren't the ones suffering through this also entitled to the best skin in the game until this is changed or at the very least made available through dlc or the like then I'm not changing this review or recommending it to my followers on my gaming channel or friends because it's simply unwarranted unfair treatment and leaves the community that just discovered this game at a huge disadvantage and frankly leaves me disheartened and possibly wanting a refund.
,Recommended,438740,32058764,Posted: 30 May,all,Kate Marsh,I can assure you that I'm not addicted...
76561198083894217,Not Recommended,438740,33660648,Posted: 19 July,all,S.W.A.T.,"As much as I really want to recommend this game, I really do, but unfortunately I do not. This game really does have potential, but without the team killing and the betrayal trolls. There are too many people that team up with Jason and it doesn't make the game any fun at all. Jason doesn't team up with anybody in the movies, he slashes people up, so the whole teaming up with Jason ruins the illusion of how the game should actually be played. It ruins the atmosphere and it should be named ""Friday the 13th: This Time Jason Makes Friends"", you know, something spooky like that. True fans understand how the movies went and how the game should."
,Recommended,438740,32041599,Posted: 29 May,all,kayo,"Had a rocky release, but gameplay is solid!Really enjoy the game, I plan to kep playing for a while."
,Not Recommended,438740,31995932,Posted: 27 May,all,Hominghead,"What a disgusting disaster. Here's what you get for these shítty 40$/37€.- Dogshít FPS, hurr durr muh 30fps immersion hurr. Even with a solid mid/high-end machine you'll get abyssmal drops. Try aiming something like a Flare Gun with that.- Half the Settings not working properly. Mouse Smoothing yes/no doesn't do anything, mouse always smooth. For Mouse Sensitivity to apply you need to restart this failure of a game. So if you wanna properly configure that, make sure to have a friend you can test this shít in a private match with otherwise you have no chance.- Can't rebind Keyboard Keys (really? really.)Here's a company undertaking a triple A pricetag game with alot of marketing behind and not being able to deliver anything worthwhile. A solid ammount of bugs that were leftover from the last beta are still in the game and are still not fixed.Do not buy, burn it down. I wanted this to be good, instead it is utter dogshít."
76561198109328492,Not Recommended,438740,34892471,Posted: 11 September,all,voorcees,The Game Is Fun BUt Jason Instant Killing  Just Ruins It
76561198419487929,Not Recommended,438740,35252071,Posted: 27 September,all,wisechuckie,lagy want money bacck wont loud
,Recommended,438740,35265068,Posted: 28 September,all,Fan FRZ,they should release one hand mode when playing as tiffany
,Recommended,438740,32052846,Posted: 29 May,all,[SiN]Madninja4,">Be me>Best counselor ever (daddy got me the job, he owns the lake)>chilling with bros>whensuddenly.jpg>big hunk with axe chops down woody>everyone flips the ♥♥♥♥ out>runs in semi opposite directions>where am I da fuqk>start walking around houses>finds radio>asks if anyones there>10-year-old voice tells me ""DID U KNOW THAT YOU CAN KILL JASON THIS IS HO-"">Immediently regret decision>finds gas>found guys saying they got the propeller>get to boat>say ""That's a two seater, but I don't mind giv-"">interrupted by lead going through my head>dudes took my gas and drove off>YOU DIED>As I look beyond the grave I see OP Jason suddenly tip over their boat killing them instantly>Spawn as Tommy Jarvis rootin tootin Jason killer>Right next to boat>Drives off into sunset as teenagers get eviserated, aphixiated, and murdered10/10"
,Recommended,438740,32011850,Posted: 27 May,all,Captain Morgan Spiced Cunt,Joined a game and diedRespawned as Tommy Jarvis (the hero who is supposed to save everyone)Walked up to a car and got in it♥♥♥♥ed off and left everyone to die
,Recommended,438740,31966621,Posted: 25 May,all,c.hill,after playing for 30 minutes before host quit i was searching and running and hiding for my life butit is not as hardto hide as it has the tell tale sounds from the movies when he is close so you have ample time to hide it would be more scary with no warning but hey this game is great get a group of friends and let the fun begin the one thing i hated was not being able to find the power box for the phone line repair which is a pain but i have to say one thingBUY IT AND HAVE A LAUGH WITH FRIENDSi completely recommend this game
,Recommended,438740,32075728,Posted: 30 May,all,Thazair,">Be me.>Plays the game and enjoys it.>Finally gets to play Jason, haven't played him since beta.>Ohshit.avi>Go in-game.>Play as spear Jason.>Decide to go Throwing-Knife only.>See someone in a cabin.>Throw throwing knives at them until they are badly injured.>Take pitty, leave and look for another victim.>Find three survivors and ready a throwing knife.>Get shot while aiming it.>Get stuck in place. Cannot hit, move, or use any abilities. Only look around.>People begin using me as a pinata, then leave.>I begin singing loudly into the microphone.10/10 Would pay $40 to play a Singer-Only version of Rockband as Jason."
76561198258715452,Recommended,438740,32345506,Posted: 11 June,all,Mini A沬,"i love bear hug...so....so...much.oh my god,i don't know why,feel...so...good♥♥♥♥♥♥ i'm such a goose?!"
,Recommended,438740,33091603,Posted: 1 July,all,Assassin,Game is fun as long as you play with friends.
,Not Recommended,438740,31987122,Posted: 26 May,all,PortabelloMushroom,"It might be good with friends, but if you're playing alone, it makes a great window-smashing simulator.Theres little content to be found for $40."
,Not Recommended,438740,32391669,Posted: 13 June,all,KingOfStupidity,"If you search for bugs, non optimized game and tons of leavers cause they are not picked to be Jason then this is right game for you."
,Not Recommended,438740,32004724,Posted: 27 May,all,Ethan Bradberry,Simple review. $20 YES. $40 NO.Very much lacking in content. Devs stated more maps on Kickstarter but there is only 3. Dedicated servers were not dedicated enough. Party system didn't work for an hour and a half before I refunded. Didn't play with friends.
,Recommended,438740,31967814,Posted: 26 May,all,Menphues,"A game for Jason fans and new comers (Also Jason is supposed to be OP, that is the point so stop complaining)Graphics: The graphics are not amazing but they are also not bad! They offer some nice visual effects with an overal good 80s semi feel to the game!One part that is appealing.. The more your character is scared, the more the graphics drain and become darker! This adds to a brilliant tone of the game! - Running on epic with between 45 and 70 FPS but still solid smooth!Audio: The 80s music, the backdrop, the sound effects, the screams, the voices are all spot on but the only issue with the sound is the characters repeating the same thing, over and over and over again! This becomes annoying!Example, open a draw and listen, open another draw and listen, it is the same noises and it never changes and often becomes tiring! Otherwise the sound aspect is all feeling like an original Jason movie in a game!Controls: The controls where a problem for me! It does not allow me at all to change them... They are basic WASD too which I do not use and being forced to play with them and not allowing to change is not a good Dev move!Gameplay and everything else: So first off, lots of people would compare this to Dead by Daylight, which is fine because both are survival horrors, but that is where it ends!Here is why... DbD (Dead by Daylight) offers multiple characters and monsters to run from, but you can only.. Run, blind with a flashlight, trap from the barricade things, use generators to open a door or hatch and away, on a small map. THAT IS IT! Nothing more, generators and gone!You can only be killed by the spikes (Where you can spam a key to kill your keyboard and it never works for anyone) or the killer smacking and leaving...Friday the 13th has multiple characters and multiple Jasons, the map is bigger than DbD, there are more ways to escape (Car, police hide etc) and there is also enviromental death, so he has tons of ways to kill you and some are insanely brutal.  You can hide in and under things, more than a wardrobe in DbD.... Jason can Teleport around making the game scarier and for a move approach... There is also a more indepth feature built in with fear, the more your character see's a dead body, the more scared you get and the more Jason can smell and sense your fear making him able to find you easier and more your graphics darken in fear!You can never kill Jason, bare that in mind.  You can only slow him down or stop for a few moments to make a planned escape.The game is all about team work.  One person is almost impossible to escape alone and you must literally hide if you are the last alive!The way the company has been dealing with preorders, DLC, content is a little off putting and giving the impression that there will be a fair bit of DLC coming and that is not a pay to win, because this game is not pay to win, but still....There are other mechanics at play that make the game feel and act better than most! You can barricade doors to slow Jason down (too which he can ghost inside if he gets the right angle) and open windows for a planned escape, find items to fix a car to escape, fix a telephone box to call the police and escape, flare to slow him down, hide under a bed or other places for safety.. Work as a team... The best feature too which I enjoy is Jason can hear ALL the games mics, so when he is close, he can hear you talking which brings the game more indepth and for him to plan and plot!Friday offers a lot more of content and things to do than DbD in many ways so overal, there is no point in comparing the games.. I tried DbD for less than an hour and I struggled.  The game is utter crap in my opinion!Little story: Intense part for me was, I was slowly jogging to a lodge to find supplies (You can burn your sprint out and it takes a long time to recharge, so be cautious) and the music started so I knew Jason was super close and I seen him, so as I darted, I started to climb in through a window and he got closer and closer, and damn.. I've never been so intense and hold my keyboard so tight screaming ""GET THE ♥♥♥♥ INSIDEEEE, MOVEEEE"" before he took a swing at me and missed.  Heart was racing, but thankfully the game does that too you with the way it is designed! - I had him chasing me a few times and my heart was racing trying to escape!The price of Friday I feel is a little bit expensive for how much you are actually given, compared to other survival horrors I feel and understand, but then this is Jason and a popular horror movie genre in a game, so maybe that is why the price is higher than a £19 too which I feel it is worth..Would I recommend this game? Yes, absolutely but maybe wait for a sale or a cheaper price because £29.99 for me is a little expensive for what is given right now on release!"
76561198311419164,Not Recommended,438740,33496299,Posted: 12 July,all,luke466,stupid b6665 problem
,Not Recommended,438740,32035417,Posted: 28 May,all,goka9696,"Is this game a good concept?YesIs this game fun when it works?Incredibly soHow often does the game actually work?Rarely. Server issues galore, some people haven't been able to play since release, others experience problems like levels being temporarily reset or being unable to change loadouts.Wait at least for a week after this review is published (29.05.2017), and if the server problem persists, get something else.I will update this review in the near future."
,Recommended,438740,34565194,Posted: 28 August,all,Paula,"I've had a lot of fun with this game so far, I'd actually reccomend it despite the flaws. Can't wait for more updates.Pros:- It's a good video game based off of a movie, despite other things- The combat system is alright- The character customization is good for what it is- Jason is enjoyable and easy to learn- The counselors have a wide variety of things they can do to stop the hunking demi-god Jason is- The community is okay when it can be- The amount of Jason's you can play as is great (My favorite's part 6)- The new small maps are well made and allow for better less hide and seek gameplay- The community is ♥♥♥♥in' weird.Cons:- Can't remap controls- The combat system is good sure but 80% of the time Jason will most likely grab you and kill you in an unescapable animation- There's only clothes customization and a few extra skins for Jason- Jason is a hunking demi-god (I mean he's supposed to be, right?) but his abilities are overpowered.- Quick time events for grabs (You'll still probably die regardless unless you are a MASTER of smashing E)- The community is ♥♥♥♥in' weird."
76561198398369961,Not Recommended,438740,35240604,Posted: 27 September,all,Mr.Doga,Exploits exploits everywhere -_-
76561198066779307,Recommended,438740,32274530,Posted: 8 June,all,Gurglesnurt The Mole,this game is amazing with friends
,Not Recommended,438740,31985495,Posted: 26 May,all,cjneff,"Database login failure.Check internet connection.The game should be playable upon release. I've tried multiple times in the past 2 hours to play the game, and I've had no luck getting past the connection screen.Edit: According to the devs, upon release 75% of their playerbase is unable to get past the connection screen. Server issues is not an excuse for having an unplayable game that is $40 on release. It's not even an early access title."
,Not Recommended,438740,32037597,Posted: 29 May,all,dTox,"Pros-- Atmospheric environments that pay homage to the classic franchise- The music is stunning and helps to build atmosphere from the get-go- The games mechanics offer various ways of both killing & escaping offering a unique playthrough every time.Cons-- Server lag is rampant & unplayable experiences are frequent- Developers have neglected basic functionality such as UI navigation and it is marred by simple bugs both ingame & UI based.- The graphics are not on par with other games at the price tag of £30, this price enters into the realm of the big boys. Unfortunately it ends up looking like a spotty teenager.- The actual price tag of £30 is high for a game of this caliber in the first placeOverall I would not suggest you purchase this in its current format. Wait until a sale, OR until the devs come together and begin to fix issues that seriously impact the overall experience."
76561198085992687,Not Recommended,438740,32388893,Posted: 13 June,all,B-17 Flying Dutchman,"This should be dropped down to like 15$ or 18$, not 40$. First five game ended with the killer disconnecting twice, everyone but me and Jason leaving (killed me almost instantly), and two betrayal kills from my ""team"" for simple choosing the Jack-of-all-trades character. One of the biggest♥♥♥♥♥♥♥moments is when you go up against the mega-perk people, those who've fully decked themselves in ultra rare perks and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on you if your Jason, and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on your more if your a survivor. I would like to see: (1) This game dropped down to it real price of around 15$-20$, (2) American servers so i can get someone who'll speak English (3) fix Jason's grab length (4) do something better with the customizing of your survivor other than waiting 96 levels just to change shoe colors (perhaps remove the level requirement for customizing all together, as all it does is waste time just for personal looks) (5) make it a bit harder for survivors to gang bang Jason from all sides (i was stunned for about 6 hole minutes as seven of them circle jerked me while the other one found the sweeter and killed me). The game WAS fun to play, for the first several hours, it's even enjoyable with friends, but on your own you might as well just not."
,Recommended,438740,31987085,Posted: 26 May,all,Sean,"Dedently fun, but the price point is high at 40. I would reccomend the game at a lower price point though. I reccomned the content of the game, but not the current pricepoint."
76561197973786415,Not Recommended,438740,31986115,Posted: 26 May,all,Deadcell,Database login failure.
,Recommended,438740,32075530,Posted: 30 May,all,SalTheMan,Fun
76561198086272022,Not Recommended,438740,31981828,Posted: 26 May,all,Bob,"Too much $$$ for too little gameplay diversity.Mechanics are boring. Chases are boring. If you get cought and if you dont have a pocket knfie or someone near you to hit Jason, you are dead. No way youre getting out of his grasp. His blink-grab-insta kill mechanic is stupid.And the best part is, when you die you have to watch the game in spectator mode for 10-15 minutes so you can acutally get your XP to level up in the game and make progress.The only fun part of the game was the voice chat with chill people and Jason's killing animations. Um..yeah.Peace."
76561198063322427,Not Recommended,438740,31989304,Posted: 26 May,all,Fastback,"The game is fun. Don't get me wrong. But not $40.00 fun. More like $30.00 fun. I enjoy the game because I'm a Friday the 13th fan, but I play maybe one match a day, and that's good enough for me. It feels like there's some major content missing in this game or it's only partially completed. Lets hope the devs add more to it."
76561198050686272,Recommended,438740,32054718,Posted: 29 May,all,Smulls,Buggy as all hell. But loads of fun still.
,Not Recommended,438740,31988683,Posted: 26 May,all,Adam-Matic Gaming,"Honestly, I can understand having issues connecting to games, but I can't even start the game. I payed 40 dollars, that's near AAA price, I expect the game to function. While I can understand server issues at the launch of any online game, this is simply unacceptable. Out of all of my time playing the game, NONE of it has been spent past the title screen.And I tried restarting my computer/router. I tried re-installing my game. I tried restarting steam. I tried turning off my firewall. Nothing works. It's not on my end, it's your garbage servers. And I get you couldn't anticipate the absolute tidal wave of people that were going to flood in, but you obviously undershot the mark by a hell of a lot to make things this bad.Currently can't recommend, seeing as how I basically blew 44 dollars on a title screen and a subpar options menu."
,Not Recommended,438740,32018299,Posted: 28 May,all,Jessikupo,"1) Doesn't work,2) is unfinished,3) is full of bugs4) it's a digital copy of a kickstarter game & costs $55aud?! People have to pay that much for a game they paid to make in the first place?Wouldn't recommend. Not worth the money at all."
,Recommended,438740,32016894,Posted: 28 May,all,Lexington Steele,"The game is great, while you play the time passes really quick. When you are alone running from Jason the game gets intense and scary. The experience depends on with who you will get into a game because yesterday I got into a lobby with guys that made me laugh so hard that the game wasn't even scary, but even then I really enjoyed it.Yes the game has some glitches but it's out for only few days so I think everything will get fixed soon."
,Recommended,438740,31986674,Posted: 26 May,all,Darkenx,"Hands down the most fun multiplayer this year for me. It may not be for everyone but if you love co-op, horror, calamity and pvp combined together mixed with some 80's nostaligia and some hilarity this is where its at. A lot of love went into this game. The animations, graphics, music and the atmosphere it great. Don't be put off playing this. You can make your own mind up if its worth it or not."
,Recommended,438740,31998655,Posted: 27 May,all,Tigo,"it´s okay, alot of crahses and bugs but otherwise it´s really fun! :)in my opinion tho jason i a bit too overpowered so if they just nerf him a little bit it would be appreciated!"
76561198046957645,Recommended,438740,31980729,Posted: 26 May,all,Araffs,when i first started playing had no problem but after trying to long in for another session servers were down please fix otherwise the game is great and will play alot.
,Recommended,438740,31980800,Posted: 26 May,all,👑 Realiti 👑,DATABASE LOGIN FAILURE HELP ME
76561197962896664,Not Recommended,438740,31966327,Posted: 25 May,all,R3dKetchup,"The game is good on the overall and have a lot of potential but on is actual version I can't recommand it.  Here is the good points then I'll finish with the bad points.GOOD:1- Characters are easy to use, survivors and killer2- With a medium computer setting you can run the game without any problem3- Fast joining lobby4- Ambiance is good, music and decor5- Game mechanics are simple6- Choice of characters, survivors and killer (when you unlock then with lvls)BAD:1- Playing with a friend is near impossible because the party system is not working so far2- The game forgot the perks you seleted3- Your lvls can be lost for no reason4- Your CP can be lost for no reason5- Impossible to customise keyboard and mouse6- The game do not register if YES or NO you want to rotate your mini map7- Multiple connection problems8- Glitchs, Jason can hit you trough walls, especialy spear Jason, characters got stuck in objects or decor like rocks or fances9- Dedicated server do not works with regions like North America/ EU / Asia, so you can get in a game with players that can't speak the same language then you and also have a realy high ping10- Only 3 maps (devs said there will be more later)11- The game sometime do not register when the last survivor die or escape so you got stuck waiting for the timer to end and this can be realy long when there is 8 min or more to wait12- Characters looks more like plastic dolls then real person exept for Jason13- Weapons are in general useless to defend your self EXEPT flare gun. shot gun, knife and blackcats14- In game voice chat problem with push to talk that can still on voice activation even if its off15- Chance to play Jason are very small vs survivors16- The game got problem to keep the clothing you choosed as well as perks for survivors17- The game will see internet connection problem here and there even if there is none18- For is actual state, the game price is realy expensive compared to other games that are far more achieved or even still on early access with less bugs and/or performance19- No in game options to report bugs/cheaters/racism/slandering like F8 or after match option20- Only 1 language available, English, no other options like french, spanish, german etc.21- Doors mechanics need to be review, you can be inside a building closing the door and your survivor will close it to also get outside in front of the killer22- Impossible to move when aiming with a gunLike I said, Friday the 13th got a lot of potential but there is nothing realy new in there.  For the priceand all the problems I've mentionned I can't recommend this came for the moment.  Devs will need ot work hard to solve problems like joining with party, connection problem etc asap.  For a lot of players, the impossibility to customise keyboard/mouse/joypad can be realy irritating.  I hardly suggest to keep tracking the game and update to see what the devs will fixe before buying it.  On my side I'll ask for a refund and I'll probably get it later if the problem got fixed."
76561198163234247,Recommended,438740,32009339,Posted: 27 May,all,TheShadowedOne,Wow im really enjoying this game. i reccomend if your a huge slasher or Dead by Daylight fan. 40 dollars is alot but i still find the content in the game to be extremely fun.
76561198156228819,Recommended,438740,32003544,Posted: 27 May,all,BoltTheHero,"Great game, its orginal, its getting a lot of salt for some reason.Play it."
76561198152791614,Recommended,438740,31979323,Posted: 26 May,all,69ersareboss,Great game but buggy as of 5/26
76561198032452537,Recommended,438740,32004621,Posted: 27 May,all,Valerius,"just read  several of the negative reviews to see whats up with people, most complain about the price but its really not that much anyway  so the Price is fine  for a new release it had a bumpy start is the only thing i noticed but with any game, launch day can be rough. this game is very entertaining if your jason the way people  get scared when you show up or they talk to  jason either  in a taunting way  or in a way to be spared is funny,  So for the entertainment to money  value is  priced right the game functions are easy and if you don't understand them at first they are easy to learn like the same key that has  2 different functions if you can read then there shouldn't be a issue, so if your a fan of this type of game you shouldn't have a problem with it, if your sorta  inbetween being a fan you might find this enjoyable, however if you also have freinds with the game also  then your guarenteed to have a blast with the game, final thoughts the game  is good, i recommend it, it had a rocky launch and the price being what it is  has made people give the negative reviews  so don't let the negative reviews that complain about  the cost or something dumb like the  key fuctions Decide for you,  if your able to read  you will know how the keys work. the Game is very entertaining, Nothing but a good time."
,Recommended,438740,32008046,Posted: 27 May,all,Maxagaze,"Each gameplay is a small horror story. A bunch of idiotic counsilors try to escape the area, while a pcycho killer with magical capabilities is trying to stop them. He is Jason Voorhees, he is OP, and you won't escape easily.From my point of view, the game is balanced (which means that Jason is OP as was intended)The game follows the story as much as it can, the maps are big enough, the items change position in each and every game (so you won't have favourite spots), and i couldn't call the game scary. Its more like atmospheric. Yes, it has some bugs, but the developers are trying their best.Yes the game is pricy but have a kick out of it. It is fun to play as a counsilor and try to escape the area though various ways (call the police, fix a car, escape with boat), and if you are clever enough you can even kill Jason. Jason is fun too, as you lurk inside the camp hunting and killing counsilors in a spectacular fashion.You can unlock abilities for the counsilors, fatalities for Jason, and even choose your favourite Jason to play with (with his own abilities)Game however still have bugs. If you are ok with it, and you are into it, go ahead and pick it up. If you get annoyed easily, want till most of the bugs will be fixed.In general, its like playing into a Friday the 13th movie. I never had so much fun dying, or watch others trying to escape.Fun fact. The mocap for Jason was recorded by Kane Hodder. So the Jason that hunts you IS Jason Voorhees."
76561197981545296,Recommended,438740,32008791,Posted: 27 May,all,Annah,"This is one of those games that you wished had a rating system rather than a thumbs up or down.To jump right into it:1. Is the game worth 40 dollars? No. You get three maps, about 7 or so counselors, 6 different Jasons. Is this game worth 29.99? Yeah. But not 40.2. Is the game fun? Yes. It's some of the best fun I've had in a very long time. It's not the BEST game i've played in a long time, but it is definetely the most fun. This probably has to do a lot with me being an avid fan of the Friday the 13th franchise. Ever since I was a little girl, I loved this IP. If I never seen any of the movies, I would probably not have liked it as much.3. Is Jason OP? Sure he is. But he is suppose to be. In the movies, the guy doesn't die. A shotgun blast in the movies will only stun him. The guy is utterly immortal..even when you blow him into meat chunks. In the movies, no matter how fast you run, he always catches up. They incorporated this into the game pretty well with a VHS ""tear.""4. Graphics. Def above average and pretty damn good for an Indie developer. The shadowing is on point and the atmosphere is pretty good.5. Music. They nailed it. They incorporated the original musical score into the movie (including the ki ki ki, ma, ma, ma..Kill, kill kill, mom, mom, mom)6. Customizations: the clothing customizations are not that great. Just the same clothes but different colors. But the true customizations come with the perks you can earn and randomly roll to get. The perks for counselors is better survivability perks and for Jason, it's different movie classic murders he performs.Bugs and glitches:I won't lie, there are a lot. The most predominate ones are plaguing the PS4 and Xbox 1 players where a great deal cannot even log in. Remember the fiasco with Diablo 3? Yup, it's here as of the date of this writing. PC players don't have much of an issue but there is a bug plaguing all:Cannot incorporate those perks you get. You just sit there while it tries to update your perks in the game and it doesn't happen.  The worse out of all of this is the DEVS are utterly silent about this and refuses to even acknowledge them. They will respond to positive praises on Twitter but will often ignore the bug issues. They should learn the lesson of No Man's Sky developer team and be more vocal about these things.Honestly, since there are more positives than negatives right now I am giving it a thumbs up for now. However, if you don't have a lot of money at the moment, this isn't a game for you. It's just too expensive for the issues it has.How to make it worth 40 dollars?1. Add more maps. Three maps just seems like an insult. Yeah, the maps are limited to the movies but you can get creative.2. Patch the bugs. For 40 bucks a game and thousands have purchased this game already this is not an excuse.3. Add more skins for Jason. They are missing a few from the movies.4. Add the ability to change key bindings.5. Add the ability to activate mic via chatting and not having to press t"
,Not Recommended,438740,31989904,Posted: 26 May,all,Hans,Not worth 40 bucks and has ♥♥♥♥♥♥ servers
,Recommended,438740,31976795,Posted: 26 May,all,Seduced by Daemonette,Finaly my mom is proud of me .
76561198018910266,Recommended,438740,31975634,Posted: 26 May,all,Spirit of Madness,"The game is awesome, its interesting to play as victims and its awesome to play as any Jason variant. Also it has some minor bugs, hopefully they will be fixed. Its a pity you have very little luck to become Jason, everything is random. 3/10 matches I was Jason."
76561197988230032,Recommended,438740,31993787,Posted: 27 May,all,DaBeastXD,The game is really fun when there is lots of people with mics. Being the killer is also fun. The only bad thing is its pretty repetitive and i don't know about the longevity of this game. They also need to add more maps!
76561198086507191,Recommended,438740,32014929,Posted: 28 May,all,Charger of Flares,"I like this game, but if you're not a fan of the Friday the 13th movies you most likely won't like this."
,Recommended,438740,31987403,Posted: 26 May,all,ClassicRampage,"[Launch Review - 5/26]I'm writing this review with currently 4.6 hours into the game, still getting used to the mechanics but I have an overall idea of the game and how it works.---I'm surprised at all of the negative reviews that Friday the 13th: The Game is getting, but they justified in some cases.While $40 is quite the price tag, with the future content they hope to be adding could make the game fit the price better. What's confirmed is a single player mode releasing this summer. I hope the developers continue to work on this game and not leave it to rot like many other indie games have been met with that fate.GAMEPLAY:Playing as both a survivor and Jason is pretty fun. As a survivor you go around looting houses and setting traps to stop Jason. There are multiple ways to ""beat"" the game/round like calling the police, repairing the car, or killing Jason. As Jason, you have to kill everyone for you to win. You have a set of abilities with cooldowns to help you in doing so.CUSTOMIZATION:There are a variety of different Jasons you can unlock that do different things.There are also different counselors to unlock.CONTENT:So far, there is only one game mode. It's the Jason vs Counselors match, and while it's not bad, I do wish there was more. The opening/ending cutscene can get repetitive extremely fast, and I wish more variety would be added. Right now there is only three maps. I haven't gotten tired of the gameplay yet, which is a good thing. It's fun running around the map and trying to escape from Jason. The animations in this game are pretty bad, but I was able to get used to them.For a licensed indie game, I think the developers did a nice job. I'm anticipating content updates soon.I'd rate it 7.5/10. Not incredible, not bad. If you have friends, play it with them."
76561197984116734,Recommended,438740,32013885,Posted: 28 May,all,Joe1013,♥♥♥♥ing fun.  Jason ♥♥♥♥s♥♥♥♥♥♥up.  lol.
76561198004845949,Recommended,438740,32004213,Posted: 27 May,all,[=T=] Rauz,"I LOVE this game, but I'm getting increasingly tired of the negative reviews. Its fun to play with friends as well as with strangers (unlike Dead By Daylight where the community feels like a bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ so only option imo there is playing with friends).The game works and the game is balanced, my first match I won and Jason NEVER FOUND ME, never saw me, never hit me, never chased me, and I saw him a few occassions but kept my noise down and my fear down. Third match I got killed cause I was unlucky enough to accidentally run into Jason, then got revived as Tommy Jarvis, and again, won and Jason never found me. The game is not unbalanced, people are treating this like Dead By Daylight and its mechanics are drastically different.Its not a ""outrun the killer then teabag them on the other side of a chest high obstacle"", its a survival stealth game, and each counselor has its own playstyle due to stat differences. Just read the tutorial, read what your councelor stats are (and Jason stats! It helps to know what strengths to play to for each Jason), and maybe watch some lets plays, seriously don't go complaining about balance until after you learn how the game works. I recommend CharminEXSoft Gaming videos. He does lets plays as well as tutorials and general info for the game if you want something more detailed than the basic tutorial.As for the bugs folks are complaining about? I'm not seeing the issues, I can still play in private matches with friends, I can make parties with friends for quickplay and they can join on me in quickplay matches as well as an invite friends option once you're in a quickplay match lobby. Connectivity hasnt really been an issue for me either, although anyone else having connectivity issues are probably running into the stress limits of their servers, which they are working on updating to deal with larger numbers of players already.Only real bugs I have personally encountered are minor animation and graphical glitches. Boo hoo? Its what day 2? They'll fix them as they find them and I'm gonna say it again, theyre minor bugs.Any serious issues are being addressed by the devs (such as the backer dlc not displaying in game yet, which I had purchased), they've responded to issues fairly quickly and are already working on fixing them (Again 2nd day of release!), which is more than I can say for a LOT of other game titles on here."
,Recommended,438740,32003640,Posted: 27 May,all,Pain Enforcer ™,not worth 40 bucks but its really fun wait for sale
76561198035567713,Recommended,438740,32006725,Posted: 27 May,all,Dead Riser,"This is by far one of the funnest games I've played in a long time. Working together with other counselors is so hard and so rewarding if you get to escape.Yes, there are some bugs. Every game starts with bugs, even AAA titles. I see a bunch of people complaining about the price tag. They stated the game would start with three maps, yet people still bought it and complained about the price for it. This isn't a game based on quantity, it's based on quality and this game has a lot going for it. There may only be 3 maps, but it's not the maps that make the gameplay fun the way it does. It's about working together with everyone else, the randomness of the spawns for escaping and where you are located, and the fact that Jason is OP. You never know if you will die, escape, or survive the entire 20 minutes.I can assume the people complaining either don't have a job, don't like to spend money, or suck at surviving."
,Recommended,438740,32006429,Posted: 27 May,all,Kias,"Really enjoying it so far. Best recommendation I can make is to keep track of people who are fun to play with since it makes all the difference in the world with this game. The communication and potential for role play and comedy is one of the game's greatest features.For example, I play with my wife and we were both being chased by a killer who had taken on the persona of a murderous Hodor. All our pleas and bargaining as we ran for our lives were met with a solemn, occassionally confused, ""HODOR!""Some people are talking about Jason being overpowered, but I think that is early day salt more than actual reality. Once you know the mechanics, Jason is pretty easy to avoid as you can negate his sense ability completely with high enough composure. I have seen some melee oriented players do well at stunning him reliably as well when working with a group. More than likely, as perks begin to roll out, Jason will need a bit of buffing, but right now the balance feels pretty good.Games can drag a bit if you die early and someone is trying to be sneaky, but this goes back to that orginal point. Having good company to chat and cheer with makes spectating fun or at least helps pass the time. I respect why some people don't like that 20 minute turn timer, but anything else feels like it would make the problem worse as people would be more likely to try to run out the clock than hit objectives.Oh, and the price is an obvious point of contention. I won't lie, it almost kept me away, but despite what looks like a small amount of content on paper, I don't feel like it is going to stale out on me any time soon.HODOR!"
76561197982100584,Recommended,438740,32006499,Posted: 27 May,all,孫悟空 NUMBA 1,"I find this game very fun and realistic with some mechanics but atm im just hating that i can't equip new kill emotes for jason that i bought and i hate all these Chinese,Russians Etc people team killing me with car's and shotguns but it's pretty funny i love the ragdoll dead bodies.Well this game has so much pontential , and i truly dislike it was 40$ with such little content and so many bug's but people wanted this game to release this game fast as possible while it wasn't ready so it kinda our faults and breaking the server's for a while cause this game was so hyped i hope the future this game will be worth more than it is just give the dev's time.And i also find it amazing such a small team created a game with such little time welp i just want to equip the new emotes."
76561198046029658,Recommended,438740,31998438,Posted: 27 May,all,KahnDracul,Great game alot of fun a few bugs but i expected that
76561198018184957,Recommended,438740,32014242,Posted: 28 May,all,Ben Affleck,Lots of fun playing as Jason or Counslors.  There are some bugs but they arnt that much of an issue and are being fixed quickly. Highly suggest this to everyone
,Recommended,438740,32024263,Posted: 28 May,all,"Mike ""Spider"" Han",This game is amazing little problems getting into the servers for now but well worth dealing with have had so much fun in private mayches and even quickplay with minumum problems
76561198005806820,Not Recommended,438740,32026665,Posted: 28 May,all,Darkfire,"Price to entertainment ratio is VERY low in this game.  It has limited maps, controls that don't work 100% of the time, and I can't save my Jason profile.  for what I paid, I really expected a better product.  Steer clear of this title, Friday the 13th: The Game, until it is on sale for 50% or lower.  It has potential, but just goes to show, some developers don't actually care about the product they put out, as long as the name can sell of few copies."
,Recommended,438740,32047920,Posted: 29 May,all,OkDude,"Bought it today , got to play a few rounds , loved it:) they fixed the servers so ive been enjoying myself.Hmm is it worth the buy?  i would highly recommend it if your into this type of genre. also it may seem limited but we all know as the game developes so does the new maps characters perks etc."
76561198009554232,Recommended,438740,32056970,Posted: 29 May,all,Cosmic,"Due to a rocky start with servers, i imagien there is some negative feedback, but despite typical server performance for most games on launch. this is the 1 V all game that feels competitive, rather then one side being way over powered."
,Recommended,438740,32056922,Posted: 29 May,all,DigiZomb,"Awesome game. I've had a blast dropping in random games with strangers and using voice chat to communicate and help escape the killer together as a team. I've had even more fun in a group with friends. I love this style of game play. Its casual enoguh for anyone to pick up and play yet has enough depth and mechanics for people to become truly skilled at it. Creepy, adrenaline pumping 80's horror flick action. Love it.CONS: $40 for a game with 3 maps. (Content is lacking for the price, however the gameplay is worth it in my opinion. Any game that I have put over 20 hours in during the inital launch week is worth that amount of money)"
76561198185146109,Recommended,438740,31973431,Posted: 26 May,all,TheLegend27,Hello so i cant really start my game and i dont know why it says its a system error and i would really like some help with this because i've really looked up to playting this game and any help will be apriciated
76561198299660021,Recommended,438740,33011480,Posted: 29 June,all,Meaty Gaming (Youtube),This game is amazing the over powerness of jason makes this game really challenging and fun i was waiting for this game for a long time.
76561198064773930,Recommended,438740,32960779,Posted: 28 June,all,Fragarach,"This is a fun and very social game. I watched a youtube video of someone playing and bought the game the next day. It offers gameplay that changes round to round, mostly due to the players themselves either being team oriented, selfish, rude, fun, roleplayers, etc. You get a variety and honestly as long as the Jason is a good sport and so are the counselors it is always a good round.I would recommend this game and I generally am not a big multiplayer gamer. I prefer stories but the gameplay and experiences are worth the wait for a singleplayer."
,Recommended,438740,32976808,Posted: 29 June,all,Framescout,Four words: Unreal Engine. Jason Voorhees.
,Recommended,438740,32670480,Posted: 23 June,all,Dax1337 •._.••,"9/10- Means Bad+Means Good+Awesome gameplay, +runs on potato pc or laptops, -some bugs, +awesome guys, and more"
76561198068627716,Not Recommended,438740,32008863,Posted: 27 May,all,Dave the legend continues,Would love to tell you how the game is but day 3 and I have yet to still play because of issues on there end. Such a let down.
,Recommended,438740,33108302,Posted: 1 July,all,FirmerMoonZ,This game is the best I have played this year so far.
76561198374446978,Recommended,438740,33079623,Posted: 1 July,all,☝OnlyHvH☝,game is good
,Recommended,438740,33045904,Posted: 30 June,all,Moveya,"U know , hunting down as Jason in Friday 13th remind`s me a film that give me good reval of map`s and conseluors , that is comming as playable caracters. As Jason (as i said )  you need to kill all conseluors to get moma`s grade (SPOILERS: 1 girl that escaped in first movie killed her becouse jason`s moma  murdered everyone and that girl choped her head from her body and ofc in 2 fim she dies( if u want to know her name or more information watch films :D)) ANYWAY , you know what a had life of conseluor is ? In that case , you`ll play conseluor ! Grab in houses , finding stuff to stop Jason(a bit) and for escape such : poket knife , firecrakers ,wearpons  and in closed you can find free spray for 100% chance :D ,in another case you can find it on casket when you appear as Tommy Jarvis .So and now about escaping . For escape u need : gas , battery, propeler to get out from here in easy way , you can get phonefuse that is close to phonebox and repair it to call police , or you can wait till time of match is ends :D So , back to deffending yourself . If you play as ""girl"" conselour you can crouch to Jason`s house and steal his moma`s sweater to get more chances to escape ( give you more stealth and you can use it to stop him a bit by his moma`s voice) and have 1 more - for steal it , jason can hear u when his moma is screamins , so for my opinion , u need for first  get trap with u (or shootgun or firegun(it gives u more chanses to stun him when he is comming to house and u could run from him ) , poket knife (if he grabs u (if u miss shoot of range attacks or got melee wearpon and couldn`t get escape roof) , firecracers ( emm... if u dont have pocketnice or range wearpon u can use it as ""second wearpon"" to drop it and get out from his house with new sweater) , healing spay (as i said in some houses u have 100% chance to get it )( if Jason dont want to kill you in easy ways and perform his skills) and always rememmber , 100% of this review it`s a BIG spoiler of game and 1-2 parts of his movies(a bit) xD , AND 1 more thing that i dont said in every matach u need microphone becouse that game give`s you more experience from playing with it then u play without it  . 1 You can play as a team with others , 2 You can grou up in  repair something , 3 You can parcelling your other teammates to seach 1 house for them in that case you can seach 7 houses in 1 shoot ( more chanses to get phonefuse or another things)Really fun and addicting, my complaint would be the glitches, but it seems to be improving and I hope it continues to receive support and updates. That`s why i should recommend this game for this full experience and movie things too :D ( please fix glich for not giving 13k cp)"
,Recommended,438740,32232461,Posted: 6 June,all,Paradox,"The game is pretty good, but there are some downsides!BEFORE YOU BUY:Prepare to get your pants scared off and to have some really funny moments begging for your life. The game is really fun and every match is different. That being said the game does have a lot of bugs! They're not game breaking bugs they're more visual, sometimes people will hover and stuff. The controls can't be changed and are at time clunky but the game makes up for it with the gameplay. Overall the game is just like the movies, fun but not perfect. I hope this game stays alive and gets many updates to come. I really enjoy learning about the lore through the game."
76561198210052684,Recommended,438740,32990322,Posted: 29 June,all,ßΣ∩ DövΣΓ,It's a great and fun game but I don't think it's a 40 dollar game
76561198050249056,Recommended,438740,32956251,Posted: 28 June,all,PsychoSpider,"COUNSELOR CLASH----------------------For those who want some variety and maximum enjoyment of the game (or already starting to get tired of quick play), here's a little game mode some friends and I kinda made up.Step 1) Start a private match, make it a full one.Step 2) Have a designated Jason, this person will essentially be the coach. It is reccommended you pick part 2 Jason so you can have use of a ton of traps (will be explained later)step 3) Choose a counselor for everyone to play as (different perks are fine)step 4) Once you've all spawned in, start grabbing weapons and med spray.step 5) Pick an area that has some space (example: if in Pakanack, pick the lodge) and drop your wepons and med spray in that area.step 6) Once enough weapons and sprays are put in pile, have Jason lay traps all around it, radomly is encouraged. This is so the battleground is covered in land mines.step 7) Pick a medium distance away to have counselors line up, and have Jason count down 3,2,1, GO, counselors will race to weapons.step 8) COUNSELORS FIGHT EACH OTHER TO THE DEATH!(I understand  A TON of xp will be lost, but then whoever wins will REALLY want to win)step 9) last person standing is the winner, and gets to choose how Jason will kill them...toilet, fireplace, tree stump, whatever they want.step 10) repeat, choose different counselor, and switch the role of Jason to someone else.I had a blast playing this, I hope others can too. Enjoy."
,Recommended,438740,32037919,Posted: 29 May,all,Alcatéia,"UPDATE: The devs fixed server technical issues, making the game a lot more playable (hooray!).I'm gonna give a rundown regarding the game's current status:The good:-Despite all the technical issues, this is a well-made game for a indie company, it's fun to play with friends, and although I'm not a fan of the movie franchise, the movie atmosphere is quite present, the feeling of paranoia of being hunted down by a killing machine is well illustrated.This is a game that was meant to be played with a microphone, it demands teamwork to survive and escape the carnage and that is a pretty interesting gameplay element.The bad:-By the time I'm writing this updated review I've spent 30 hours in this game and I've found inumerous game-breaking glitches throughout my playthrough. There was this one time where I was about the call cops and Jason broke the fuse box as soon as I picked up the telephone, I glitched and got stuck on the phone, and Jason had noticed that so he left me glitched on the phone there and went to hunt the other counselors. There were also inumerous times that I've seen players getting stuck on windows and myself while escaping from Jason, and the glitch list goes on. This is understandable for a game that was released by a indie company recently, but it should be a matter that must be fixed as soon as possible for the sake of the integrity of the game.Final Verdict:This is a great game, it's flawed but still fun, promising and playable. The devs promised to add Single Player mode on Summer and that is exciting news because this game looks quire promising by its current state. If you want to get the game without having to worry about glitches or any technical issues then I suggest you to wait for updates, but if you are a hardcore fan of the movie franchise, then it's totally worth grabbing a copy of this game right now."
,Recommended,438740,33043212,Posted: 30 June,all,iMekkiki,Good Game But I'm level 19 But I never play as Jason TT
76561198005025311,Not Recommended,438740,33036406,Posted: 30 June,all,i_wet_the_bedlam,whenever i try to play it it says some XDQ19dll or something is missing from your computer then i try to click the x then it shows a different code thing and i reinstalled it 4 times.
,Recommended,438740,33034717,Posted: 30 June,all,Chickengut,A great game! if only i had some friends to play with. :(
76561198258760263,Recommended,438740,33031245,Posted: 30 June,all,Roberto,"A bit overpriced, a bit glitchy but pretty entertaining.I recommend waiting for a sale though before grabbing hands on this game."
,Recommended,438740,33044243,Posted: 30 June,all,Videohead,"Wonky and Clunky...but a lot of fun! IT runs between PUBG and Dead by Daylight. Simpler than the former, and more varied than the later. Players Rely on communication, team work to achieve several co-op objectives while being hunted by a single player with drastic advantages. The fan service is great -- multiple representations of Jason, characters based off the archetypes of the genre, and fairly faithfully recreations of the sets of the first 3 F13 films.If you like PUBG and f13...buy it now! If you're just curious, grab it on a sale. Give it an hour to get over the semi-intentional wonk, and make sure to have a mic handy!"
76561198268899752,Recommended,438740,33010766,Posted: 29 June,all,ceiphas,"If you ever wanted to be a counselor in one of the old movies, then this is your chance.  Having only played a few dozen times, I have yet to be the undead killing machine Jason.  But, watching myself get killed by him every few minutes is entertaining.  Overall it is a decent game with a few bugs to clean up, and hopefully a single player mode coming soon.  As a fan of the movies it is a must have."
76561197999411922,Recommended,438740,32700436,Posted: 23 June,all,Amenic,"Needs some more work and fine touches but overall surprisingly fun to play at times but frustrating at others.Pros- Graphics are pretty nice, runs well (cutscenes don't scale to 2k/4k very well though, clearly designed for 1080p)- Great atmosphere and humor - captures the 80s slasher horror element very nice- Jason.. looks... awesome.  Music is on point when he coming too but could use some change up- Perks and outfits add nice variation (when they work - currently broken or aren't completely negated by Jason)- There's some fun transitions to be had with the car and battling for it with a group.   However, the boat is lackluster.  If Jason catches you in the boat - you're done.Cons- not much feedback from the UI (you dont know weapon stats, status/durability, equipped perks or how they affect you)- no single player / skirmish / offline mode (but singler player is coming)- no way to set custom controller / keybinds- No audible noise for the boat when its starting so it's hard to watch for Jason or other counselors (the car makes noise when being started)- no mechanic in place to stop / punish people for leaving matches- completing objectives awards very, very low XP and it's only a one time reward for some odd reason (one time per match - ie:  you get a whopping +5 points for boarding up a door lol).- buggy, lots of little issues but some of them are funny and don't ruin the game.  Others are annoying as all get out.- The game is VERY random sometimes you'll find stuff right away and have a good chance to get away, ohter times its just hopeless.  The game doesn't offer any perks or abilities to help locating any parts.   Doesn't even tell you were couselors died so you can check their corpses (which despawn) - IMO you should be able to mark the map or have it auto map once parts are discovered.  This would also stop Jason from camping 1-2 key areas all the time.- Jason's grab is a little too effective in both range and how quickly he can turn into a kill without having to do any mini game etc.   Negates composure and perks.    If he grabs you want wants to insta kill you with the quickest animation -- sorry it's GG.- Tommy Javis isn't very effective as the ""savior"" he's just another counseler with better stats.  Still gets insta murdered with a single grab just like everyone else.    He would at least cover ground quicker to help and start with an inventory full of items to help support (first aid, firecrackers and a pocket knife for example).  Even better if he was a counseler you could dress/ perk out and choose a load out for....- Not a lot of map variation and if you spawn near the car and fuse you are immediate Jason bait and will likely be dead immediately."
76561198046525302,Recommended,438740,32447719,Posted: 15 June,all,❅LilSnow❅,Fun Game if you find a group who will work together to escape.
,Recommended,438740,32563922,Posted: 19 June,all,Freeman1255,"To put it blunty, camp counselors aren't the only victims here, but on the other hand, Pamela isn't the only one laughing from enjoymentThis game is a mixed bag in every way shape or form and undoubtedly is a good game, however, being a good game does not mean it's flawless, it also doesn't mean it's free from being overwhyped or a tad too much moneyLets get to the pros, neutral aspects and cons of the gamePros:For a licensed game, (and an unexpected one at that) this is a GREAT use of the Friday the 13th license and it really puts Jason and Camp Crystal Lake back into relevance and ""back on the map"" if you will, and just goes to show you in the right hands, a horror film focused game can be made well in the right handsControls are fluid and function very well aside from a gripe about not being able to find out about them due to no tutorial (for example, until recently, I never knew u could jog with X)Environments, characters, and the atmosphere are both immersive and very accurate to the movies, when you are a counselor, you really feel alone and nervous as ♥♥♥♥ while you try to scavenge resources while trying to find others and surviveAs Jason, you feel vicious, ready to overcome and outwit the other players, using your wits, strength and strategy to slaughter any incompetent counselors that feebly try to get away. Gameplay on either side is fun and it's own ball game with fun mechanics and immersive gameplayThere are tons of customization and plenty of replay value with a growing community and plenty of challenges, Jasons, counselors, clothes, and perks to unlock to fully customize your Friday the 13th experienceSingle-player campaigns and content is planned, release dates or details have yet to be announced howeverNeutralAs with any online game or game with online capability (especially games like this which are purely multi-player focused, at least in its current state)  there are plenty of friends you can find, but on the other hand, you can find people who are egotistical and pompus and think they will carry your team througout the whole game, or people who get massive boners from playing as Jason and being arrogant, but these kind of issues are expected with online gamesConsBugs can be annoying and unfair and while they are being patched, some of them can cause technicalities that can make a ""team"" (8 vs 1) get an unfair advantage or disadvantage, such as counselors teleporitng out of Jasons hand or Jason phasing through doorways (without rage active mind you) achievements are also a bit buggy and some of them won't unlock for some usersPrecisely with this game, if people have mics, but don;t talk, you can be confused and be lost or not understand what to do, and with a game like this communication and teamwork is KEYWhile the 3 (or 4 if I remember correctly) maps are nice, more maps focused around some of the other films (maybe a new york mall for JTM or a location from Jason X) would be nice and add more varietyPing and connections are getting better, but could still noentheless bet better and use improvementThe biggest problem however, is that while the game is a good game and a MASTERPIECE compared to the LJN NES title (NES Jason would be a nice bonus/easter egg just as a funny unlockable) with the state the game is in, I feel as though 30 dollars would be a more apporpriate price, so either get the game while its on sale or when its price goes down, but especially don't purchase it until more contnet is added (my assumption is more content will be comming in the next few months)Overall this is a good game and a wet dream (to put it humorously) for anyone who either is a fan of the films or maybe wants to just try a fun game (this will also get u curious about the franchise) but its far too undernourished to be worth 40$ and does the franchise justice, but its asking for too much for too little (again in  the games current state)"
76561198036248583,Recommended,438740,32011838,Posted: 27 May,all,Twan Dollaz,"This game's awesome, yes it's a bit rough around the edges but it's also not a triple A game. Playing as jason is fun as hell, and the counselors are fun too. I quite prefer this to Dead by Daylight since it's not as cheap, and will continue to support the game as new content releases."
,Recommended,438740,32354571,Posted: 11 June,all,KoKoBoP,"This game is so much fun. I've played over 60 hrs of the game and have fun in almost every match. There are still some bugs still in the game but most of them have been patched.Some downsides are that people often leave games if they aren't Jason making your counselor team smaller, obnoxious people who are just hard to work with, and playing with people from other countries that don't speak english so it's hard to communicate. For the most part, everyone seems to want to work together to survive. I, myself, don't like playing Jason and choose to play counselor since I think it's more fun and challenging.Try it and if you don't like it just refund it but I must say it's an addicting game."
76561198037966837,Recommended,438740,31977030,Posted: 26 May,all,ToastyPug...,very fun
,Recommended,438740,32597160,Posted: 20 June,all,[RDN] MrVipro,- Start game as a counselor.- Find everyone else.- Get the fuse and call the cops.- Hold out in a house until they arrive.- Make a single file line with everyone and run to the cops.- Have Jason join in our line.- Escapes- Sees Jason getting shot by the cops11/10
76561198142705134,Recommended,438740,31985868,Posted: 26 May,all,Sykotik,"I just need to start off by saying I have been waiting for what seems like forever to finally get to play this game. I am a major Friday the 13th fan (you should see my memorabilia collection) so this game has had my attention since it was first announced.Now to the game: The game does have a lot of promise if the devs stick with it and build on what they have. The graphics, when noit glitching, look very good and feel very realistic. Jason is overpowered, but if you ever watched any of the movies then you would realize why that is.Unfortunately there is still a long way to go for this game. Some issues should have been dealt with long before its release. Some glitches shouldn't exist but yet they do. There's a major issue with counselor on counselor killing and then there's the kids that think it's fun to have their bussy be Jason while they point ut where everyone else is on the map to that buddy. Big oversight. I've been launched across the map too many times to count while polaying Jason after getting hit by a counselor. Both Jason's and the counselor's hit boxes are way off, attacks that should hit don't and those that shouldn't do.I'm still playing and loving the game but would love to see those problems go away. Here's to looking forward to many more years of this game and seeing to what great places it goes."
,Recommended,438740,32464441,Posted: 15 June,all,Cybernetic Commander,"Don't get me wrong I love this game, but it's full of glitches and Jason's combat system was designed poorly. Most people only use the ""Shift, Grab, Choke"" combo on everyone. 3 Small maps arn't realy cutting it, they get way too reptative and not  enough ""random spawns"" for objectives.Pros:Lots of great kill movesA lot of enviroment killsA good objective systemCounslers for every playstyleCons:Glitch spotsBugsPoor Jason combatNo region based matchmakingThis is a fun game to play but needs a lot of work.Edit:Glitch spots have been removed and alot of the bugs have fixed. Matchmaking also finds lower ping games now."
,Recommended,438740,32602994,Posted: 20 June,all,Danial Sanger,I can't say much..It's just..I'm addicted with Friday The 13th man..I didnt play much horror games after Resident Evil 7..but this game makes me stick ma butt and keep playing to levle up and try new cloth and awesome perks~! it's fun~! especially when all players work together to kill Jason~!
,Recommended,438740,31977440,Posted: 26 May,all,FR Gamer,Very fun game. Worth every dollar.
76561197995566766,Recommended,438740,32601448,Posted: 20 June,all,yo son,the game is sorta broke--its a fun game but glitches--i got stuck on a rock askin for someone to kill me and they coudint--you should play the game if you have a mic--
,Recommended,438740,32617331,Posted: 21 June,all,BösesSpeedy🌹🌹🌹,What a game guys!.I totally enjoy playing this survival game.I highly recommend it to play it with friends or alone.One of the best survival games of all time and the price I think is good for what the game offers.The gameplay is really smooth and cool.The game all the jasons from each movie which is really cool but I would like to have more maps :).To sum up I think the game is one of the best horror survival games of all time
76561198304815503,Recommended,438740,32590843,Posted: 20 June,all,SinerGx,"o jogo e muito bom so que e impossivel jogar, com o ping la emcima media de 200 a 300 de ping, seria bom um servidor na america do Sul, ajudaria muito o jogo"
,Recommended,438740,33109475,Posted: 1 July,all,Darkasi,"Friday the 13th: The Game is a fun but flawed experience. When it is on, it feels great. The feeling of hunting down that last survivor or dodging Jason and escaping at the final moment is tough to beat. However, the technical glitches and lack of launch content drag it down. If you're willing to overlook them, then you'll find an enjoyable experience that should improve down the line."
76561197987983897,Recommended,438740,33208732,Posted: 3 July,all,Kotu,"The game itself, in it's current state, is very barebones. There are few maps to play on and each match is a lot of the same; however, even twenty hours into the game, I can see myself playing this for dozens of more hours. If you are involved in each match and enjoy talking, this game is extremely fun. The community of this game is absolutely hilarious. With that, there is some inconsistency with how fun each match is. When counselors are not coordinated and everyone doesn’t have a microphone, then the matches can be very lackluster, but you get games where there are 5+ people talking and memeing which makes the game an absolute blast to play. The game will get more content (hopefully) and the game itself will be fantastic in the future, but the community alone make this game worth it.I will admit that the $40 price tag is a lot for what it is right now, so it might not be worth it to some. If you are intrested in the game, I would still recommend it at the $40 price tag."
76561198053706354,Recommended,438740,31982439,Posted: 26 May,all,Snow,"The game is fun, aside from a few glitches and servers being down.The only problem I have is with people who just camp somewhere at the edge of the map, which causes you to have to wait at least 10 minutes before the match is over.Also, why not having the map at the beginning of the game like in beta? Even if you have the map you still cannot see the location of the phone. So having a map does not really at much.And slasher Jasons are really REALLY op.BUT BUT BUT, I have a lot of fun playing it :)"
76561198024342475,Recommended,438740,32284064,Posted: 8 June,all,bopaloopy,"I had read and watched a lot about this game before playing it, and I have to say that is is even more fun than I could have imagined. The gameplay is basically a slightly upgraded version of another amazing game Dead by Daylight (DBD). Like in that game, as a counselor you must try and to escape the killer by means of fixing certain things. You have a lot more options that in DBD, you can fix phone to call police, fix a car, or fix a boat. The car and the boat take different items you must find in on the map anf the phone takes one item. So as a counselor you will be searching a lot of drawers and buildings. But the game does not drag as every moment Jason gets closer. If you walk to fast or run he will sense you. If you make a load mistake he will sense you. You must play it safe and only take risks when you must. It may not sound like it, but it is a ton of fun with the thrill of being found or chased being thrown in. Unlike in DBD you can defend yourself by picking up weapons, that if used right, can stun Jason.As Jason you must hunt down the counselers and kill them by using many different means. You can hit them a few times with your weapon, or grab them and kill them with picked kill moves that you can unlock or contextual eviromental kills. Throughout the match you slowly unlock different powers to use and they will be your most useful tools. Jason can sometimes be a bit overpowered if someone extra good is playing but if you play it smart you can still make it out of a bad way. Playing as Jason is completly random so you will not be playing Jason every few matches. I have gone ten matches or more with out playing as him. But when you do get picked as him you will have so much fun and it is worth the wait.The game is a ton of fun to play and the only gripes I have is that you don't get to play as Jason enough (but the way the system works is the only way for it to be fair), there are a couple of small bugs left (but almost all are fixed and none are game breaking that I have encounted), and Jason can seem overpowered at times (but this is easily overcome by playing smart and being safe). The only other thing I would say is that the game needs more than one mode even though the mode is fantastic. There is a single player coming so that will fully justify the $40 price tag, but it still is worth it if you love these type of games and love multiplayer games. I give it a 7/10, with future updates like free DLC and a single player mode the game can get up to a 8 or 9 out of 10."
76561198337750336,Recommended,438740,33161587,Posted: 2 July,all,BarryCopa,A Pretty Good game that u can play when u Have No FrIENDS o NL I NE
,Recommended,438740,32093847,Posted: 31 May,all,Twitch.tv/Opille_,"Its great game to play with friends, Amazing Game Play"
,Recommended,438740,32167416,Posted: 3 June,all,Alexander Gaming,Best Horror Survival Game I Have seen in my life.Playing the game and watching your friends arms getting chopped off is so chilling.
76561198072803494,Recommended,438740,32231584,Posted: 6 June,all,xPooky,"The game its just awesome would love to have more customisation tho like hair clothes just to be a little bit more different only changing the colour of clothes is not enough, but the rest is perfect something its still missing in the game but thats a personal feeling maybe more maps(?)."
,Recommended,438740,32352232,Posted: 11 June,all,I'M SEXTY,"A great game! If you like being chased by 7 year olds as Jason while singing children songs in their beautiful squeky voices who chases you for 15 minutes acting scary eventhough you're running at him with no fear with a baseball bat and 2 pocket knifes, trying to grab you with his almighty stick arms but fails and just screams in your ears causing them to bleed. So i would give this game a 10 out of 1% of 1000 for pulling girls that don't know how to speak the language with the other boy players screaming every time a female voice is present then realising it's just another 7 year old kid wanting to be Jason to sing some pleasuring riddles.-Cohan"
76561198062436336,Recommended,438740,32105660,Posted: 1 June,all,Funrarder_Gaming,i love this gameonly things i dont like allot is- no setting for friendlyfire- Mute is not working all the time- Jason is a little to op some timesBut i dont regret buying it cuz i have so much fun with my brothers and friends while playing it
76561198194341303,Recommended,438740,32105956,Posted: 1 June,all,𝒦𝒰𝑅𝒪𝑅𝒪 ▂,this game is crack when i escapded or got anything good all time but when i lose or get a badtime why not crack? wtf is this game. please fix this it's really really bad ♥♥♥♥er. i love this game but it crack when i got a good thing.
76561198177788899,Recommended,438740,32287310,Posted: 9 June,all,TZ Lightning,"I do recommend this game, but don't get me wrong. Let's be honest, you're reading reviews because you want to get the game, and the only two things holding you back are if it is awesome, and/or what are the issues. (Note the date of this review, as games do get patched, in theory.)Good game, and especially fun if you are about that proximity voice chat. I do recommend it, but not if you are on a budget.So here's why not:I know this is hard for a smaller company, but here's the obvious one for popular budget kick starter type games. As each day goes by, there are more and more hacks and hackers. This can range from perfect grabs, unlimited item use, and auto-aim. There's also glitches too exploit, not really hacking, but if you know how to do them, you can force at the very least a standstill. Great method for getting XP, but some people prefer the gameplay and mechanics. Expect to experience this 1/20 games, increasing. 5% of games, that's why this is not viable enough for a ""not recommend"" in my opinion.The second one is a given for this game and really can't be fixed. If and when two or more friends play together (and they are a high level), they are most likely to grind some experience whilst playing. So expect to have more of a 8v2 or 5v5 match, as your supposed teammates will no doubt be helping Jason to come kill you. This, again, is probably are as common as hackers. Their loyal friendship will come in the form of same team betrayal to you. I don't warrant this as enough for a not recommend in my opinion, since you may do this yourself, unless you are actual real friends, in that case real friends kill each other first in game.Thirdly, I would have to say content vs price. I'm sure you've read the other reviews. This game is over-priced no doubt, but the only ones who complain probably are strapped on cash. I'm pretty sure it's clear across the board with that one, even if not everyone says it. I wouldn't say it's outrageous. It's just a bit steep. I take that back, if you don't like unlocking outfits, then yes, this game will have gotten you.All in all, I have high tolerance for hackers, friends who team up to kill everyone else, and I'm financially comfortable. So... yea, I recommend. If you have any deep issues with any of that, don't."
76561198086356773,Recommended,438740,32069796,Posted: 30 May,all,CoolDude,"this whole game is amazing and im seeing people say how jason is ""OP"". honostly he isent as long as people work together to kill him or escape. i mean maybe make some counselers that are already equipped with a map or walkie talkie and the only way to get him is by a challenge in the single player (once its added), so it can be a little even at most."
,Recommended,438740,32283604,Posted: 8 June,all,Oli🅱,"At first, I thought it wouldn't be as fun as Dead by Daylight ""although I hate people comparing the two games"", however gameplay and social interactions have proven the opposite of that. I was terrified when I first got the game (and still am for different reasons), the ambient sounds and atmosphere make this game feel like a genuine horror movie. Although I haven't played as much as I'd love to, I've played since launch. This game is the most fun you'll have in any Asym Horror game.  There are many factors to this, personally I enjoy the challenge of playing Counselor against the super OP Jason (which the Devs stated was intended). If that's not your cup of tea, you can enjoy brutally murdering camp teenagers with various weapons and the environment. The social interactions are even better, you'll get Jasons screaming at you as they chase you down, counselors who scream at Jason to save you (or run away and leave you as bait for their own good). You get Counselors who manage to never leave until the rest are gone (and usually die trying that), and that is personally fun to me.If you enjoyed Dead by Daylight's ""72Hrs/360 Juke"", you'll enjoy it even more in this game. You 360 like in DbD, but you smack Jason after he misses an attack on you, allowing you and friends to run for a few more seconds and (hopefully) survive until you find more windows to carelessly hop through, which is the most hilarious animation in this game.The community is great, and Chad's inhuman beauty is even better. All the counselors fit everyone's unique playstyles, Adam or Bugzy are altruistic fighters, Vanessa is the bait player who can't fight, LaChappa is the nerdy kid who makes roleplayers like JFJ fun, AJ is the stealthy chick, Tiffany the chick for all you horny guys who think with your lower head, Chad's luck lets you jump from high windows or constantly block Jason's attacks, and Jenny will stop you from screaming at every dead body and getting terrifed, like bloody Chad does. Also Adam is hot ;]The only bad parts I see in this game are team-killing griefers, who purposely queue to do that when their friend is or isn't Jason, breaking the point of the game, and Shift+Grabbing. Although Jason is supposed to be OP, there is too much control in that instant-kill maneuver for it to be fair.If you can put up with those two, this game will be a hilariously fun time for anybody. Horror fans, and scared players."
76561198077177249,Recommended,438740,32117800,Posted: 1 June,all,BananaBiscuit,"I bought this game after i watched some streamers playing it, i was like meh, ill refund it in the worst case, if i dont like it or find it boring. Oh boy i was wrong. At first it was kinda strange, but once you get used to the controls its go from wtf im doing to, i still dont know what im doing for certain, but i enjoy it. The VoIP gives so much flavor to the game, it makes it fun. I never expected to laugh so hard and enjoy myself while running from a killer. Especially when the killer is roleplaying, it can get really hilarious. I do recommend this game, due its too much fun, especially with some friends, but its totally fine with strangers aswell. There are some bugs and strange things in it still, but will be fixed soon, since the devs really pushing the patches to get rid of the bad parts. I may update my review later after some updates."
,Recommended,438740,32143127,Posted: 2 June,all,Noteable,"Noice.First of all the reveiws saying this game is bad are completely justifyable.The reason people dont like this game is for one it fits a certian playstyle that you have to enjoy to enjoy this game.And number two there are a few bugs but most of them dont even effect gameplay,Now to get in on the good stuff. It is realy fun game and heres why. It has a good XP system that rewards you with new ways to not only customize your Counselers but to customize Jason Himself!Also it really does a good job with having people on their toes but at the same keeping hte person playing asJason entertained aswell.I dont recomend going and buying the game without knowing if you like it.I would test out the game to see if the playstyle is okay with me and that i like it.But if you dont have the resources for that watch some gameplay videos and see if you think it would appeal to you.And you can always get a refund.Overall i would definitly reccoment this game.Also if you need someone to play with message me :)"
76561198083583378,Recommended,438740,32072294,Posted: 30 May,all,MOTARD - CSGOBIG.COM,Dope As ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,438740,32074971,Posted: 30 May,all,✪ DUKA,Great game if your looking for a game to play with friends.  Its basically a better and cooler version of Dead by Daylight
76561198092156608,Recommended,438740,32118407,Posted: 1 June,all,GOD,"Pretty cool game, keeps things intense."
76561198079337784,Recommended,438740,32118422,Posted: 1 June,all,Kerslake,Im in love with is game yes jason is op but you still have a good chance to surviveits kinda like dead by daylight on a♥♥♥♥♥♥tonne of steroids love this game so much i actualy hope/cant wait for any dlc10/10
,Recommended,438740,32119129,Posted: 1 June,all,SylphFox,"Game had a pretty terrible launch, servers were so screwy that a rather large number of players couldn't play, those that could play were greeted with game breaking bugs.Servers finally fixed and people can play now, but there were still pretty awful bugs to deal with, that a lot of people exploited...However, slowly but surely, those bugs are being patched out, the infinite stamina bug being chopped up and left in the middle of the street made me happy, oh so happy. Hiding is viable now that the inhale when holding breath doesn't play, but letting go is still very scary to have happen. Driving in reverse is no longer the beat all end all, as Jason can stop it from behind with proper use of his abilities.Counselor gameplay can get a bit boring sometimes, and you will feel that hopelessness at the start, going through houses to look for your objectves and/or items to help you stay alive. They are far from completely hopeless with a good team though, a sloppy team will get wiped out farely fast especially if the Jason knows his craft.Playing Jason is the big highlight in the game, you feel empowered, people run at the sight of you... but being against a team of clever counselors can give you a run for your money.Jason is OP, he is meant to be, else he wouldn't be Jason... Nowhere near unbeatable either.Be warned that currently you cannot rebind your keys, hopefully that will come soon, as that is a big turn off for a lot of people.Pick up the game and give it a shot yourself! There's still a number of bugs to iron out, but they are slowly getting murdered, just need to be patient. Just be glad you weren't around for launch day! haha"
,Recommended,438740,32119233,Posted: 1 June,all,IronxImpact,"Seriously the only complaint i have is that i dont have more people to play with, jumping in with randoms isn't terrible but it would def be more fun with my friends but they're cheap ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who wont pay $40 for a game that they hear is still pretty buggy... which it is... but not enough to take the fun away."
76561198024413907,Recommended,438740,32122747,Posted: 1 June,all,NotoriousNemo,"The game is good 8/10Is is worth $40 at the moment? no but if u have extra cash get it, to me its worth more like $30 lets be honest.This game is alot more fun with friends when you create a party and join a lobby together.I play mostly solo, and its fun to play as a counselor, never run but jog.Ive almost killed a jason in a random party with teamwork, but he telported away at the last second which was kinda bs.Playing as jason is fun but he is EXTREMELY OP, i use the jason that cant run and find that is more even.It also sucks that jason is so OP, that you have to give it 80% and give the counselors a chance or playing as jason gets stale. Some jasons end the game in 5 minutes by just slashing and its lame.My biggest CON, is all maps feel the same, and where is the singleplayer?"
,Recommended,438740,32123332,Posted: 2 June,all,Panda,"Disclaimer: I only have 6 hours in-gameBugsI've heard a lot of people say that this game is filled with awful glitches that just ruin your experience, but personally, I haven't seen any huge bugs that really stand out. Of course, sometimes you get stuck somewhere or some lag comes in but other than that I really can't say that bugs and glitches are a really big flaw at least for me.Games finishIn my opinion, the game is somewhere in the middle of being a finished product. There are still bugs and ping issues. A lot of mechanics should be improved to make the game a bit more reliant.Adding bindable keys would be great as well as at the moment as far as I am aware there is no way to change your controls.PingServers are pretty weird. For everyone who lives in Europe its fine, mostly having more than 100ms, but others I've seen having +400msFunThe fun factor in this game is huge. I don't remember laughing so hard in a game. Jason chasing you with GTA San Andreas Big Smokes sound board screaming ""CJ"" all the time just made my day. Also if you have a friend to play with this game is so much more fun.ConclusionI recommend this game to people who have 40$ dollars to spend as it is a bit too much at the moment for a game like this. If you like Horror then you might find playing as Jason more fun than the counsellor, as counsellors get to just search for items every game which gets a bit repetitive, but it is still fun.Also if you have a friend then this game gets 10 times more fun, as you get to do objectives together, and when Jason finds you, you both have to escape together, which I found very thrilling.This is my opinion on the game and I hope you liked it."
76561198044559950,Recommended,438740,32143027,Posted: 2 June,all,STR4NGEBREW,Love it!
76561198025876521,Recommended,438740,32143724,Posted: 2 June,all,Sega Genesis,One of the most terrifying and satisfying experiences ever. Be Jason and kill them all with lots of different kills or be a counselor and try to survive (which is a real achievement).Game has its problems like glitches and rusty animations but nothing detracts from the fun factor which is the reason you buy a game and play it for a long time.I recommend this game to any true fan of the F13th franchise that likes a challenge. Don't expect fairness from Jason and you will have a blast.Buy and prepare to be immersed.
76561198016640424,Recommended,438740,32143997,Posted: 2 June,all,crazygoaliesteve,"Ok, so on launch when i first bought it, it was broken. Now, as of 6/2, it is great.  It is fun, difficult, and different every game. As jason, you can mess with your victims and it is fun. as a counsler, you can get armed with weapons to stun jason enough to get away.  i think the game is fair and balanced for the most part.  for me, this is the game i have been waiting for since the NES game.  I was born in 83 and loved jason as my first movie killer. this game is the only one that allows me to be him and in a fun way.  only one suggestion, make an offline bot game to play when cant play online.  It would be easy, make the counslers gather supplies accross a map (if you are jason) and your role is to kill them. food for thought, because i would play all day if there was a BOT version!!!! Devs, you have done a great job, but make it single player as well"
,Recommended,438740,32123532,Posted: 2 June,all,ksubi.,"This game is great! A lot of people compare it to DBD, but it's a whole other game in perspective.The community is great as well."
76561198096542827,Recommended,438740,32123183,Posted: 2 June,all,Diamond_Digger04,"This game does a great job with balancing the killer to the survivors, because unlike Dead by Daylight, Jason won't be stuck running in circles to catch 1 person for the entire match."
76561198129181556,Recommended,438740,32143233,Posted: 2 June,all,Bootdrinker,"Loving this game so far. I emerged from the day one glitches and connectivity issues to find a game that is quite enjoyable. It connects to me and my love for horror. For anyone who enjoys cooperative multiplayer with an 80's horror twist, you will also like this game. Would die again 8/10."
76561198040520734,Recommended,438740,32143442,Posted: 2 June,all,OJ Dank Juice,I have a lot of fun when I am Jason but I don't like playing as counselors. I wouldn't mind waiting in a queue to play as Jason. Even with my spawn preference as Jason I have to wait multiple matches before I actually get picked.Update: My positive thoughts and will to play this game are deteriorating. I just do not see it fun in being chased by a Jason for 15 minutes.
,Recommended,438740,32096974,Posted: 31 May,all,Niroski,"Firday 13th:Positives:This game is now my main game for now. It is just so fun playing with your friends as Jason. It is also fun playing on your own because you always meet new people to play with in the future. The community is not very toxic so everyone is nice. I have made a lot of friends playing this game which is a positive because then you have more friends to play with. It is also very fun playing as a survivor because you have little tasks to complete and the chance of being killed by Jason.Negatives:I would not recommend this game for £30/$40. The amount of content so far doesn't match with the price. Considering you play over and over again with 3 maps isn't enough. Ive played for about 3 days now and Im slowly getting bored at level 20. It could be because I have played it for hours everyday.My Overall Opinion:Yet again, I do not recommend this game as of RIGHT NOW (June 2017) as more content needs to come out first. It is not worth the money but It is very fun. I would say if you are a ""Hardcore Jason Fan"" I would buy it if not then wait for it to be less money!"
,Recommended,438740,32163797,Posted: 3 June,all,BeastBoyKingKong,"An amazing 7vs1 horror/survival game!Having the Jason theme adds to the atmosphere, making you enjoy it more, and be more scared.GAME SUMMARY-You either play as counselors or Jason Vorhees.-There are many counselors, each having different statistics (stealth, stamina, strength, composure, etc.). You can also buy perks (extra boosts/abilities) with in-game points, which you earn through playing; you actually get a lot (NO SPENDING MONEY).- Counselor objectives are to escape (through boat, car, or police rescue through gathering items and fixing them), or survive the whole 20 minutes (which is hard to accomplish).-There are also many different types of Jasons, each having different abilities and weaknesses.- Jason's objective is to kill as many counselors as he can (there is no losing playing Jason).-There are only three maps so far, but within each game the houses/cars/boat/etc. are randomized, making the gameplay different each time.-IT IS FUN PLAYING BOTH JASON AND COUNSELORS!OVERALL RATING: 3.5/5- This is a super fun game! Interactive, cooperative, and even uncooperative! You will be scared running away from Jason, hiding from Jason behind bushes, trees, doors, under beds, and inside closets. You will enjoy playing as Jason killing others in creative ways, and even feel frustrated when they fight back.- YOU NEED A MIC! Having a mic will add to the fun, and also make the game easier in your favor by being able to communicate with others (i.e. seeing if others have certain parts for cars). I believe any mic will work. I use a cheap $6 earbud with a mic, and it works fine. You can find out by going to settings on Steam and checking voice settings.FLAWS- $40 is quite pricey for the game due to the little content is has as of right now (although developers are working on more content). If you feel like you can live without this game, then you can wait for a sale (which will be forever). If you have the urge to play this game, then get it. You won't have any regrets because the gameplay will keep you engaged.- It has some annoying gameplay flaws. These flaws consist of: closing the door while trying to stay in the house but you actually walk outside the house while closing, and getting stuck in rocks and bushes while trying to run away or chase.*** Although there are flaws, I would highly suggest the game. It is still super fun."
76561198133111769,Recommended,438740,32297579,Posted: 9 June,all,REO,"If you are a fan of the Friday the 13th movies or Jason Voorhees, this is a must get. It's an incredibly fun game if you are with the right team mates or pals. Playing as Jason is also a thrill and he has many kill moves similar to the movies. The atmosphere and music is well done as well.Cons:- Bit pricey for the content currently available- Occasional bugs and exploits that need to be patched out- No single player modePros:- Fun experience that changes game from game depending on the players or character you're with- Playing as Jason actually feels like you're playing as a powerful supernatural serial killer most of the time- Multiplayer survival horror game with up to 7 other players (8 in total)- Perk system adds a lot of depth and customization to your counselors and strategiesOverall, I've been playing this game a lot the past few weeks since release and have over 100 hours poured into the game. As a Jason Voorhees fan, I truly do love the game and find it enjoyable to play on both sides during the correct conditions. As a warning, the skill gap in this game is quite large. Meaning that if you are paired with counselors that do not know what they are doing or have little experience, it will be VERY difficult to survive against even an average Joe using Jason. HOWEVER, at higher levels once you play against a team of counselor's that know what they're doing, it can be very challenging and difficult to kill each and every one of them. Some of them will escape and it is inevitable."
76561198126881519,Recommended,438740,32245415,Posted: 7 June,all,SirJimz,In my opinon i think its a great game beside the bugs 8/10NERFING JASON WILL RUIN THE GAME DONT DO IT
76561198271966080,Recommended,438740,32347710,Posted: 11 June,all,Walton Daniel,If you want fun you can play this game!
,Recommended,438740,31968927,Posted: 26 May,all,Sir Darius Allen,"MAAAAAAAN this game feels just like the movies. It's a bit difficult at first but once you get the hang of it, the game is good. I recommend playing with friends but just in case you don't have any, the pubs make for an enjoyable experience... *cough* sometimes.P.S... Jason's mom is bae ;-3"
,Recommended,438740,32318684,Posted: 10 June,all,BrightShadow,Very nice game !!! My problem is that the achievments can not be unlocked !!!
76561198224543108,Not Recommended,438740,32028082,Posted: 28 May,all,FlareKids Gaming Paintball PRO,This is god gmae but when you play like 1 game and you look youre lever TX you are level 13 but when youre loking after 1 games that signs you are lever 0 and have no cp
76561198118178328,Recommended,438740,32200961,Posted: 5 June,all,picadoagaming1,"Overall the game is fun. The gameplay is very solid as well. The one thing I can say there is such a high amount of intense in this game when you are the counselors you have to look for parts to fix the car, boat, or call the cops. The main thing is ti survive and avoid jason. Playing as Jason is very neat as well. You can't die from what I know of but you can be stun but killing a counselors  is so rewarding. The game is very fun and for the price you are paying for this game. You can't go wrong with it."
,Recommended,438740,32117290,Posted: 1 June,all,piixelsaurus,"This game is amazing.I love Dead By Daylight (the game most often compared to this one), but this game differs in a ton of ways.  Overall, I believe it is a much better game.  I still love DBD, and will probably play it some, but this game is 100% worth the price (which I initially balked at), and I think I will get enjoyment out of it longer term.Best things I love:Each character has different stats that really allow people with different playstyles to enjoy it. You can play a character with high stealth if you like to stay in the shadows and hopefully sneakily escape.  You can play a super fast character who just jukes all day, or a brute who can knock out and stun jason easily.  You can play a middle of the road char who is good at most things, or any real combo inbetween.There are perks (similar to the DBD bloodmap/perks) that can counter balance some of the weaknesses of chars, or just give bonuses like starting with a map or item.Jason is super fun to play.  He definitely feels kind of overpowered right now, but so did the killer in DBD when it first released...people are still figuring out best practices to win as a counselor.  He doesn't feel super clunky and you get a bunch of Jasons to choose from who also have different stats (like counselor).  I prefer a Jason who can jog.  Others rather one who can break down doors easier, or one who can swim fast, etc.Overall, I would 100% recommend this game to any of my friends.  The online is great; the private matches with friends are great; and the voice integration is well done and not obnoxious.  Try it out.  It's worth it."
,Recommended,438740,32213293,Posted: 5 June,all,XpertThief,Great game I'm waiting for single player though
,Recommended,438740,32260019,Posted: 7 June,all,Tyler1,very fun you should for sure buy this game
76561198163166467,Recommended,438740,32260064,Posted: 7 June,all,Long Alan Iced T,Best multiplayer game I ever played.
,Recommended,438740,32260401,Posted: 7 June,all,MrBigVince.Tv,"Great game, nice community lots of fun. Would recommend to everyone who loved Dead by daylight and that love friday the 13th series."
,Recommended,438740,32158658,Posted: 3 June,all,Ghost Coffee,I don't understand why there are so many bad reviews of this game... it never crashes for me nor do I ever see any bugs (except for someone being in the ground for like 1 second once grabbed). The game is really fun and the communtiy is great... despite it being a gory killing game. However I do think it is a little overpriced and I also think you should be able to change the controls. Other than that its a pretty fun game!8/10
76561198140859870,Recommended,438740,32230526,Posted: 6 June,all,Danny Zand,"Very good game,but sometimes its hard to survive.If you like survival and hardcore games...this is for you!!!"
,Recommended,438740,32049343,Posted: 29 May,all,Wizard Cat,"This game is absolutely amazing. Everything is handcrafted to be a 1:1 with the franchise. People often state in these reviews that Jason is overpowered and stuff like that and the only issue I have had was his teleport grab. If there were to be a cooldown implemented, nothing would be ""gamebreaking"".Overall, awesome game with a really nice community and I highly recommend it!"
76561198188785565,Recommended,438740,32085809,Posted: 31 May,all,SwiF,"It's a really fun game to play with a bunch of friends, bunches of laughs shared over this game."
,Recommended,438740,32008578,Posted: 27 May,all,SkullWalker,"This game really scratches my Friday the 13th itch.  I'm a HUGE fan of the series, and there are so many little things that really ring true to the series: the way Jason sits up after being 'downed', the soaring music as Jason approaches, the cool creative kills (not just the ones that you skill-up with, but the environmental ones).  It's even fun to spectate after your are killed -- it's like watching a scene from the movie.I've had a few laugh out loud moments -- and a few crazy OMG moments in the games so far.  So far, I'm really enjoying the game and plan to play much more of it.Yes -- I know that there are bugs, but the developer is responding as quickly as they can.  So, if you are bug-aversed, then wait a bit before giving the game a try.  And yes, there are only three maps for now -- but the maps are huge and several elements of the game is randomized each time -- so it's a fresh experience each time.  May not be for everyone, but if you are a F13th Fan -- this is a must buy."
76561198284264534,Recommended,438740,32008636,Posted: 27 May,all,HaniCookie,"I am unsure who I should find to seek help. I am sure this is a great game (I've watched many gameplays in youtube ) but the thing is that I am unable to start my game because it keeps saying that ""MSVCP140.dll is missing from your computer "". I've tried reinstalling but the problem persists. Please help me? Please and thank you."
76561198078148794,Recommended,438740,32100314,Posted: 31 May,all,calciferhowl1992.tv,"Love this game!~Pros~-Perk system-Community-Different kill animations-Different ways to survive-$40 bucks-Devs are supportive-Fun gameplay in almost every game-Playing as Jason!~Cons~-Glitchers-3 maps, but I am sure more will be added-Counselors who want to kill you for goods-Jason leaving-Pings/latency-Slow reacting/double reacting to dead bodiesThat's about it. It is a great game, I do recommend it as it is some of the hilarious moments I have had so far in a game.$40 dollars is not too much for this game. It may need a bit more polishing, but it definitely serves it purpose! It entertains! I have no run into any bumps with the servers not letting me login since they have fixed that. Great team, very suppportive, and just a kick♥♥♥♥♥game so far! =DNow go murder some counselors!"
76561198076590358,Recommended,438740,32100369,Posted: 31 May,all,moltrow,"the server issues got pretty much fixed, the game itself is a lot of fun despite some bugs or things that should be nerfed."
76561198010548535,Recommended,438740,32099081,Posted: 31 May,all,FrozenWalker,This game is great. Its fun to play the game and find yourself running for your life or hunting down the counselors. Read the tutorials or you'll likely end up confused on what to do when you initially start.There were some bugs with the levels not progressing properly and my medic perk dissapearing but they appear to be fixed atleast for me. Its great to see the devs trying to address the issues asap.
76561198126371632,Recommended,438740,32072916,Posted: 30 May,all,Strider,"What are my thoughts? Untimely death await all who dare to download and play this gameStill interested? Good that means you have some thick skin, because this game will need it.I have a lot of fun in this game whether I am Jason or the camp counselors and I think it's a great addition to the genre of asymmetrical survival horror.Currently I have about 12+ hours in and no I HAVE NOT PLAYED SINCE THE BETA. This game caught my attention as a rival of another game I played 300+ hours called Dead by daylight.When playing this game I will warn you, there is integrated voice. This is a good thing for coordinating with friends and decent teammates because there is no need for discord or teamspeak BUT. You will encounter jerks, racists, and tons of salty griefers and ragers. But then again that is just what the gaming community has come down to in most games.Community issues aside the game is still in rough stages, it doesn't have the most super polished textures or offer a ton of game modes but nonetheless I can see myself putting a solid 500+ hours into this before I start to get bored. If you are a horror fan, consider it a must play (it is FREAKING JASON after all).If you ARE NOT a horror game/ movie fan. Try watching a couple of ppl stream it first before buying. See if it fits you. There's a very niche audience of ppl who like and are good at these games."
,Not Recommended,438740,32043209,Posted: 29 May,all,Arktis,Can't even play the game. keep getting database error when trying to start if not fixed within a week i will request refund. I don't recomend this game untill they fix all the problems the game is plagued with.
,Recommended,438740,32065259,Posted: 30 May,all,Foxiest Grandpa in the West.,"TLDR: What you see is what you get. A Horror fan's day pass at an amusement park.I am a HUGE fan of the Friday the 13th movies, with that said,  the game is a dream come true for a fan but unless you OOZE blood from your hockey mask like me, its going to be a hard sell at that $40 price tag.3 maps, all with the same escape options6 different Jasons with varied skills, strengths, and weaknesses11 Counselers each with unique statsand more bugs than I can count... lots of bugs.Thats it. Thats all you get.HOWEVER.The gameplay is fun, exciting, and stressful in all the right ways. It can be an exillerating power trip to play as Jason and murder your fellow players, while you aslo feel like an elusive fox when you manage to escape the terrifying grip of Jason's jaws. Its a perfect representation of an 80s slasher in the form of a game, with music ques, gory satisfying deaths, and tension above all else.If you are a fan of the movies, or a fan of horror in general, and have some money, buy it. I'd recomend waiting either for more content or a cheaper price tag for everyone else.In conclusion, its still an extremely fun experience, but what you see is what you get."
,Recommended,438740,32072966,Posted: 30 May,all,WhaleHawk™,"At first, I thought this game wouldn't have a chance and that all my investment in this game went to waste. Then I was able to be patient for the Devs to fix the major issues.Now I can play all night!I mean, who doesn't want to literally jump out of a window, off the 2nd floor, landing at Jason's feet and then saying ""I did it for dramatic effect, go ahead and do your thing. ""I love it! especially if you get a group of your friends, or just one. Give the devs a chance. They  are a small group, working countless of hours to make sure everything runs smoothly. PLUS, WE GET SINGLE PLAYER!!!"
,Recommended,438740,32009600,Posted: 27 May,all,Lightning McMeme,Game just came out. Little problems that can be fixed. Worth the money. Jason scares me.
76561198382654485,Recommended,438740,32124959,Posted: 2 June,all,gk1105,"help, I cant seem to play this game because of this global shader issue saying something about ""COOKED"" content. Overall i know this is a great game and i desperately want to play it, please help. ps im on windows 7"
76561198110259317,Recommended,438740,31980676,Posted: 26 May,all,Moupra,servers are working the fixed it
76561198121492473,Recommended,438740,32046817,Posted: 29 May,all,KEPPA,"I hope all the female characters will become SFM models..if you know what i mean ;)Oh, the review....right.....10/10!"
76561197985292518,Recommended,438740,32210276,Posted: 5 June,all,Tune,I have a feeling this game is going to start taking over my life (in a good way).  Looking forward to what new content the developers come up with next.
,Recommended,438740,32352418,Posted: 11 June,all,L E G E N D S,"When I had first heard about this game, I was intrigued mainly because I did enjoy the cheesy slasher films during the 80's and 90's. Pre-loaded the game and was unable to play it for the first three days while the developers fixed server-related issues which prevented my connection. Poor planning on their part ruined the launch of this game. However, since they've fixed that issue, I've had a ton of fun with this game. The game has some issues, just like any piece of software does (sorry folks, bug-free software simply does not exist).Pro's- Definitely captures that Friday The 13th atmosphere with the spot on music and game design.- Playing as a counselor is where the fun is at.- Jason's kills look pretty gruesome- Strategy and teamwork are the keys to surviving.Con's- Playing as Jason can be...boring.- Near impossible to hide from Jason- Car-driving mechanics need some fine-tuning- Some exploits still exist which prevent you as Jason from locating counselors.Overall, the game is a blast and I'd definitely recommend it to anyone. That being said, you really should gather a group of friends and play together as that's where the fun really is at. Don't get me wrong, I love to solo it up as well but, communication is totally the key here for surviving Jason. You need to work together, gather items and outwork Jason. Playing as the counselor is more entertaining for me as there's more strategy involved in order to win.Don't hesitate, spend the 40.00. Enjoy!"
,Recommended,438740,32390419,Posted: 13 June,all,BlackFish_,"It's a real fun game when you find a nice group to play with !The only downside is that it lacks a bit of content for its price right now.I'd still recommend buying it, every match is different. Have had a lot of fun so far !!!"
76561198295251704,Recommended,438740,31985618,Posted: 26 May,all,buttahflyfly,"If you are looking for something like dead by daylight, this game isn't it. However, I'm sure it wasn't made to be something similar. With that being said, this game is still alot of fun. There are some issues right now, that every new game has. I've crashed a few times, glitched out, can't use the invite to party feature due to some issues with it but overall I'm not dissapointed that I bought the game. Give it some time, and the kinks will be worked out.Would I recommend this game? Absolutely!"
76561198034079737,Recommended,438740,32078166,Posted: 30 May,all,tenten but in bootyshorts,"I guess there were some server issues on release with this game, but I haven't had any since I got it. It could do with a little more polishing and balancing but as it stands it's still a lot of fun. It's best when the other players in the game embrace it as an experience instead of a competition, since there's still certain exploits people can use to make things easier than they probably should be, but if everyone buys in (surprisingly, this happens a lot) it's a lot of fun."
,Recommended,438740,32078197,Posted: 30 May,all,FlippinRad,"It's buggy and missing something that I still can't put my finger on, but it is really fun! Playing and thinking everything is going well, only to have Jason come out of nowhere, truly is exciting! You have to think and act quickly, talk to your teamates and have a Plan B-C!If you cannot outsmart Jason, prepare for a glorious, beautiful death. Accept it and thank him for such an honor.I cannot wait for future updates, this game will only get better!8/10, so far."
76561198076329177,Recommended,438740,32829618,Posted: 26 June,all,The Spookist YoutuberVincentVibe,Fun!
76561198007361174,Not Recommended,438740,31968601,Posted: 26 May,all,Rainchild33082,Sad to say this has a ton of potential but not at this current time. It needs a ton of work in order to get going. I'd wait for a few more patches to flesh out the issues. They have a great base to work with. Its a ton of fun when it works. Sadly thats just not often enough to justify $30
,Recommended,438740,32886332,Posted: 27 June,all,Grand Father XXL,Nice game +1
76561198053514362,Recommended,438740,32013400,Posted: 27 May,all,bigscaryalien,"Fun game, the price is a bit to high though for the content available atm.Launch was pretty messy wasn't able to play for 3 days straight."
,Recommended,438740,32919462,Posted: 28 June,all,thesaucemaster,"My experience so far:Pros-Fun lobbies with many unique players that want to mess around in a entertaining wayPeople who cooperate and help you escape (most of the time)A spooky challenging game for people who like horrorA game where you can meet new peopleThe ability to customize your own character/Jason and add your own kills/perksThe suspense and jumpy feeling you get when Jason is right behind youCons-Many bugs that prevent you from playingUnfair Jasons that kill you before you can even do anything (grabs you while you attempt to hit him, or kills you instantly in the first 30 seconds of the game)Performance issues that lower the games overall framesMany servers that include people from the Middle East, which makes the game laggy for you (they don't speak your language either)People who have microphones but decide not to use them and go on their kind of adventurePlayers that decide to be the hero and try to do everythingPlayers that work with JasonPlayers that use exploits or cheap ways to win (player once used a car to block stairs into a one door cabin, and ran the time out in there)Same use of the same 3 mapsPatches that make the game worsePeople who betray others for the fun of itCrashes (although, they don't appear that often for me)In conclusion, the game seemed fine at first, but as I put more hours into it I saw more glitches and parts of the game that weren't right. Right now, the game looks like it would be worth $20-$30 instead of $40. In some ways its ok, and thats whats motivating me to keep playing. I'm still recommending the game, though, because there is still more to come out in the future, and I also enjoy some aspects of the game."
,Recommended,438740,32902237,Posted: 27 June,all,Rekt4k,Nice horror game but the server still at canada and we are Asian player must have 200++ ping
76561198035968076,Recommended,438740,32617309,Posted: 21 June,all,Purple ShyGuy,"Obviously it's still early in it's life, and while not quite early access you might get that vibe from it. Still, for $40 I've now gotten over 40 hours of gameplay at the time of writing this, so I obviously have gotten my moneys worth. I've payed $60 for single player games that last 12 solid hours and been happy, this game has provided me with a lot of entertainment and I can say I'll spend at least another 40 hours with friends in game.Now, for the game itself, it's a ton of fun with friends. All my friends bought it so I consistantly have 8 player private matches, but I still have fun playing with random people online. I would not recommend this game to someone who doesn't at least have 1 regular friend to play with, 3-4 is recommended, and 8 is ideal.As of now there are only 3 maps, and while they are similar they never feel like the exact same map, and I'm sure lots more are on the way. Classic Camp Crystal Lake is the best of the bunch. Almost all the counselor are fun and different enough for various play styles, and the EXP and perk system keeps things interesting, however most of the counselors all have the same voice (all males sound the same, females have a little but more variety). The Jasons are all varied, but whichever you pick, you're still Jason.The server issues and game bugs are hard to ignore, but nothing encountered so far has made me regret my purchase or made the game outright unfun. The only thing that can make the game unfun are the random players who troll by betraying or geting themselves killed and losing you points, but most of the comunity so far has been pretty good.If you're on the fence I say if you have a regular group of friends, its' easily worth the $40, if not, grab it when it's on sale for around $20. If you have never seen the movies, watch a few before you buy, you'll be glad you did, and look up the band ""The Jasons"" and show them some support!"
76561198053085511,Recommended,438740,32699698,Posted: 23 June,all,inkedbettiepdx,"Does this game have flaws, sure there's been a lot of disconnects, glitches, lost XP & CP. There's some people that cheat, not hacking that I've wtinessed but used exploits and there's folks that work with the killer. .That being said; This game is a ton of fun and will be even better as things are fixed and worked through. I also look forward to new maps and more options down the road. I would recommend this game to anyone that likes 80s horror films, survival type games and just having a laugh with friends. In fact the more friends you have with the game the funner it is, you can do private atches then and not deal with the weirdos that take away the fum from some matches."
,Recommended,438740,32915169,Posted: 27 June,all,Dwighty Boi,"Although I play on♥♥♥♥♥♥graphics on my♥♥♥♥♥♥laptop, this game is amazing and gives a much better scare than Dead by Daylight. The game is fun both with or without friends, and although it is a bit pricey, I believe it's worth the cost! It's a fresh concept that gives a lot of objectives, which allows the game to stay new, and not get ""boring"" after playing for long periods of time. However, like any game in its early stages, it has numerous amounts of glitches and bug, but they aren't game breaking. I really wish to see the introductions of more maps, counselors, and Jason's into this game. If you like horror games, playing with friends, and just something ""relaxing"" to play... This is tottally a game worth purchasing!Personal Review: 9/10"
,Not Recommended,438740,32043080,Posted: 29 May,all,LautrecTW(storya206),Can't even play onlinetrash servercan't log in until few days laterlately the game crash frequently
76561198119646057,Recommended,438740,32686284,Posted: 23 June,all,Prince of Denmark,"For those who are complaining about this feeling like an ""early access"" game...have you ever played an early access game? This doesn't feel like EA, it's definitely a completed game. Yes, it has some bugs, but the game is far from unplayable. I paid the $40 like everyone else but I've certainly got my money's wortth.TL:DR it's a fun game, just relax and stop whining."
76561198164675985,Recommended,438740,32690331,Posted: 23 June,all,"Patrick ""WetRat"" Star",super fun
76561197995819664,Not Recommended,438740,32646812,Posted: 22 June,all,hotpoker,Game does not launch.  Save your money
,Recommended,438740,32751815,Posted: 24 June,all,pig,"Despite the bugs and glitches, this game provides an extremely fun experience, especially with a group of friends.If you are a fan of the Friday the 13th film series, and enjoy video games in general, this should be a must buy.Some things that genuinely shocked me about this game:- A great ""Perks"" system that is RPG-esque in it's implementation.  You acquire experience from playing games and spend them on randomly rolled ""Perks"" that can improve your Counselors over time and also allow customization of each character.- Many different character types to play on both sides of the fence.  The game lets you select from over a half dozen counselors as you level up, each with different strengths and weaknesses.  Likewise, you earn several different ""Jason"" versions from various films that each have their own pros and cons.- Randomly generated properties of the maps allow for a different experience each time.Overall, I recommend.  A very fun game with friends that has both put me on edge from scares and also had me in tears laughing."
76561198131551731,Recommended,438740,32739260,Posted: 24 June,all,SaucyPBJ,"I would recommend this game. There are a lot of things not workings properly and a ton of bugs and glitches at the moment. The game however is quite fun, and even though it has it's bugs at the moment, the devs are working on fixing it. Rome wasn't built in a day and all that. The game itself, the people playing it and even some of the glitches are all hilarious."
76561198396960020,Recommended,438740,32922470,Posted: 28 June,all,KillMyNinja,fun game to play
76561198145052032,Recommended,438740,32973802,Posted: 28 June,all,twitch.tv/majorscorekaj_,a good game compared to his from movies from long time ago I have watched all the movies and I like the game also so full stop for that I will give it 10/10 because is the closed beta and it still be building own and I like the features about the game then I also think is a good system when you are going to get picked by Jason sorry ask Jason so keep what you doing--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------hope you guys give me right. they still some box but they are fixing it. so don't get mad when there is some people there is teaming up with Jason it is all for you can do that but they are going to fix it do I hope like I have tried the voice a team mate that was killing us he sounded like a 9 old Euro kit the 4th the game for his money mommy's money so yeah   sorry if you don't understand me I got dyslexic
76561198055112674,Recommended,438740,32007394,Posted: 27 May,all,TRAVDISCORD,This game is a lot of fun. And to those that think it is Dead by Daylight it really isn't. There is room for both of these games in your Library. I think any fan of the Franchise has to buy this. It is a different multiplayer experience that really work. All in all addictive game play that makes you want to go back to Crystal Lake.
76561198354779906,Not Recommended,438740,32277777,Posted: 8 June,all,Kaz,can i please get a refund :(
76561198091059807,Not Recommended,438740,31980662,Posted: 26 May,all,ᄿimage-,"Do yourself a favor and not buy this game. You'll save $40. I'd rather use that $40 to start a nice, toasty little 10 second fire then pay for this game."
,Recommended,438740,31979161,Posted: 26 May,all,DEO.YT,this GAME ALWAYS ERROR !!
,Recommended,438740,32407441,Posted: 14 June,all,Pl!zga,only good if you play chad
,Recommended,438740,32147658,Posted: 3 June,all,static,"I like this game so much its fun, exciting, thrilling and fun with friends.But this game dose not feel done at all there are alot of small bugs an glitches but still fun, and the biggest problem is the price its $40 week of release and in my opinion it should be no more than $20, so if you are going to get this game i would wait for it to go on sale"
76561198078390352,Recommended,438740,32546629,Posted: 18 June,all,xXold_schoolXx,"this game is amazing and extremly fun to play im obssesed with it it just feels great if your feeling angery and or anisocial and you wanna take out your anger on the scum of the earth like annoying gammer kids or those♥♥♥♥♥♥hole 14 year olds who think there cool cause they steal thier moms ciggerets or some douchy trolls the possibiltys are endless with sadisfying  murders of annoying♥♥♥♥♥people.. but wait are you feeling lonly or simply wanna work on a team with others and laugh like them dudes who have youtube channels for gamming and all have way too much fun but its not exadurated and real well be a counsoler its fun to encounter other people and make friends trying to kill jason or excape before jasons ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥can blinkid like to throw some ideas out there for future updates like numer one should be fixing common launch bugs and probably adding a feature of being able to pick up bodies and placing them stretegicly around the map to raise fear where its neededi also remember on the movies the cops tried killing jason and coming onto camp crystal lake itselfwhat if there was dlc where two cops can arive on the scene just stumbling in if cops arnt called and theres one person left the cops will spawn into the map together with walky talkys and possibly a tazer for each one of them that work exactly like poket knives but the stunning looks diffrent like instead of yanking a knife from his neck he gets shocked in the neck and jerks his body around from shock and drops the officer and in order for the cops and final counsler to excape they have to run back to the squad car they spawned into the map driving in and left at one of the camp entrences and call for back up after seeing jason,the final counslor or a dead body then once they discover a corpse and action key will pop up in the squad car that will allow you to call for back up witch will take as long as calling tommy and possibly needs garding from the other officer while doing so being only two cops and a teenager versus jason for 5 extra minutes no matter the time if the match is about to end possibly it would make sense to make it longer considering two cops with new capiablitys like my idea of the glock i imagne ony one cop will have it and exactly 15 rounds and each shot slowing jasons speed greatly but thats all i could see it being useful when having to squeze past jason where he could possibly grab you using the glock to shoot him resident evil style because the ability to move with it drawn but probably make the officer slightly slower than usual and shoot him about four times and when jason is getting shot he is slown down but there will be small half second animations of him trying to walk while taking bullets in his boddy and flinching with every landed shot and make  it out of the cabin without being grabbed and the other officer will be equipt with a simple shotgun but with a black cop pump action shotgun make over skin then once those wepons are gone they would have to pick up other things like counslers then once back up arrives they have to make it off campus like a regular cop calland saving the last counslor or them exaping with you could also be a like hero xp bonus also it would be pretty fun to watch a cop with the glock get cornerd while jason walks up to him and the cop unloading until hes outta ammo and jason grabs em by the troat like a secene outta one of the movies its just like that when hes shot with handgun in the movies itd just be cool to see in game too just some ideas keep up the bug fixing your making a beautiful game"
76561198087206360,Recommended,438740,32211645,Posted: 5 June,all,BigMoneySalvia,"Delicious game, main entree is especially scrumptious."
,Not Recommended,438740,31980425,Posted: 26 May,all,Bayj0nes,"Worst devs ever, my friends got banned for saying ""poop"" dont waste your money on this trash♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ing worthless piece of garbage until all of the developers kill themselves with nooses and machineguns"
,Recommended,438740,32761908,Posted: 25 June,all,lawandorder82,"i love this game .Huge friday the 13th fan ,if you love the movies get this game .I have it for xbox also ."
76561197993528159,Recommended,438740,32145425,Posted: 2 June,all,Ranmaz,"I'm in 32 hours on this game, and I just wanted to give my input on the game, to help anyone out there in trying to decide to buy this game or not.I've been watching other streamers play this game, and just watching the gameplay, I was itching to buy and play this game.I asked myself if the 43 Canadian dollars was worth it.I could have easily picked up ""The Forest"" and ""Deceit"", two other games that were on my wishlist that I really wanted for that amount of cash.I fell into temptation and decided to give the 43 dollars.And having played the game for 32 hours, I'll have to say it's worth it I believe.After playing F13th, I found that I don't have the urge to go back to play DBD.  This game pretty much gives me that thrill and experience that I need from a survivor vs killer game.I'll have to say it's nice to feel powerful as Jason, and it feels great playing a counselor.I'll have to compare to DBD, because right now DBD is the only game that is similar and giving F13, it's run for the money.In DBD it gets really boring doing generators.  Playing as a killer, I felt underpowered, and felt easily harassed by the survivors.But I'll have to say that Friday the 13th removes those two major drawbacks from DBD.Multiple objectives, and Jason feels powerful when playing him.If you still can't decide after reading this review.  I would suggest watching others on twitch streaming the game.  If you felt the same way as me, watching other streamers play, and felt that the gameplay looks super fun, then give your money, and give it a go.  I don't think you'll be disappointed."
76561198086943728,Recommended,438740,31976844,Posted: 26 May,all,BossF1ght,"I feel like its an incomplete game, but it has alot of potential.  I would still recommend if you enjoy horror games."
76561198010991430,Not Recommended,438740,32262339,Posted: 7 June,all,Dingodile178,"If you're a fan of the Friday the 13th series, killing those annoying character from slasher films, or evading a powerful madman, this game is for you. $40 is a bit high for multiplayer only. Wait for single player, which comes out in the summer. Lots of fun though. 7/10.Dedicated servers should be region locked. Kills both the emersion, and the ""spirit of the game,"" as well as the counselors when they can't communicate with each other due to language barriers.Love the product, but, frankly, I'm very disappointed in some of the actions taken by the developers. Developers should fix the exploits and glitches in their game instead ofpunishing players by perma-banning them without warning, which is draconian to say the least (it didn't happen to me, but it did to someone I know). I don't see why a three strike rule (three warnings then perma-ban) can't be implimented. At the very least, present evidence to the player of the offense and allow them the opportunity to repeal the ban. The whole process needs to be transparent. It's one thing if they pirated the game, but it's another to do it to someone who paid money for the product. If they are going to perma-ban people based on their behavior (can team killers be banned? They are really the ones ""killing the spirit of the game"") then they shouldn't take their money, and give them a refund for their now defunct game as it would seem disingenuous to happily take someone's money, but prohibit them from partaking in their purchase that the provider has... well...provided. It's like a baker who bakes the apple pie, the customer pays for the whole apple pie, then the baker takes the apple pie away just as the customer took a bite, because the baker dislikes apple pie. Continuing to do so is a sure way to self-destruct a video games community."
,Recommended,438740,32838479,Posted: 26 June,all,feelsnice,this game is ♥♥♥♥ing lit i got shot by my own team mate boi
,Not Recommended,438740,32030028,Posted: 28 May,all,DFCHarem,Can't even play the game half the time due to the servers being broken. When playing the game it is somewhat fun at first until you realize how poorly balanced the game is and the plethora of bugs.
,Recommended,438740,32916399,Posted: 27 June,all,SEGA SATURN,Shrek frkn OP dnt nerf
76561198314013116,Recommended,438740,32230214,Posted: 6 June,all,iamthechaoticchaos,The best game i played in ages
76561198080280367,Recommended,438740,32060286,Posted: 30 May,all,Patz,This game is a lot of fun! Highly recommended for the fans of the franchise
,Not Recommended,438740,33683359,Posted: 20 July,all,Cloudx,"BLUF:I would like to be able to recommend this game for entertainment value, but I I cannot at this time. I would highly recommend an INTERNAL ORGANIZATIONAL ASSESSEMENT by the development/publishing company (Gun Media)  if their goal is to achieve ongoing success.I have played this game for many hours and have found it to be very entertaining and enjoyable with friends. When it was first released, it was very buggy. I initially thought it was an early access game, but that appears to be the norm these days.What I HAVE NOT been impressed with is the LACK OF PROFESSIONALISM demonstrated by the game developers.They have spoken directly to their customers in public forums. They have used questionable judgement at best in areas of prioritizing fixes to their product, communication with the public, roller coaster rules/laws implementations and poor decision making in banning their customers who paid for their product.I would recommend GUN MEDIA perform an internal assessment and make organizational changes as needed. Now that they have made their money off of the game, they can afford to structure their company to better interface with their customer base as well as manage their development department. They need to bring in outside hires to structure the company and bring leadership and management experience in these areas.An outside hire with little to no technical experience, but a proven track history of leadership and management skills to manage the development team/department would facilitate productivity and prevent further public relation debacles. It would be beneficial to hire a PR person to interface with the public and funnel all communications through this person. Your customers fund your company. Do not bite the hand that feeds you.You cannot deny the talent and work ethic that the developers put into this game. It is very impressive. Developers are creative and genuises in their field, but you DO NOT want these type of people making company decisions.I am really pulling for this company and would love to see it succeed. Do not fail due to poor internal decisions and when you are creating a quality product. You control your own destiny. Do not let pride, ego and personal relationships cloud your judgement when making business decisions."
,Recommended,438740,32011817,Posted: 27 May,all,._=Bagel=_.,"This game is fun, you can be 9 jasons and its Spooky and Fun.If u have any problems with lag it might be the ping or its Fullscreen Window, you can change it to Fullscreen or Window.Its a fun Survival Horror Game!And srry if my grammar sucks"
76561197995197735,Recommended,438740,32202884,Posted: 5 June,all,Bi0LizArd,"Great game, I highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys the ""assymetrical multiplayer"" genre and doesn't mind a difficult learning curve. The music is awesome, game looks nice, and the gameplay is exciting! I admit, it is still glitchy at times but oh well, usually most games are nowadays upon release. If it makes you feel better, the glitches are sometimes hilarious so it's not all bad. Teamwork is a MUST so I would NOT buy this game unless you have a mic. It's still fun but its easily 200% more fun when you talk. Now I'd like to dedicate the rest of my review to answering a few of the common things I see people saying are unfair/OP in the game because there is a LOT going on mechanic-wise that is not so obvious at times. The overall complaint/source of bad reviews for this game is that Jason is too OP. Here are the reasons I see people listing off most:1) ""Stamina runs out to quickly!""TL;DR answer:Stand absolutely still to regain your stamina. The only real time stamina is necessary is to re-distance yourself after Jason's SHIFT ability and to avoid being grabbed by same SHIFT ability, which closes distances faster than you can run. His MORPH(teleport) is not nearly so dangerous, as he will most likely not be able to teleport directly on top of you as he can with a SHIFT. Also, Jason's SHIFT is really only useful outdoors. Houses are your best friend for stamina recovery AKA standing still.How to GIT GUD:best way to help yourself recover stamina is:1- always have a house to escape to. The only way Jason can enter a house is to break down the door. This time allows you to chill out and recover stamina2- hang around a teammate! take turns distracting Jason so that your other mates can stand still and recover their staminas too. Using your mic is a hilarious way to get Jason off your friends so they can stay alive, be creative! Taunt his♥♥♥♥♥ Insult his mummy >:'D3- use your stun weapons wisely. along with having group members to help you hit Jason with melee weapons, there are many weapons that are 1-time use that stun Jason well enough that you can afford to stand around and recover your stamina4- don't waste it in the first place! So many people are running full speed when they could be briskly jogging(press X to toggle from walk to jog). Save your stamina for those SHIFT uses because that's the only real time Jason has to close in extreme distances and grab you. Also, don't run around in the open so much. Use your stamina mainly for darting from house to house.2) ""Jason's grab is inescapable! Even with a 10/10 composure character!""TL;DR answer:low fear and strength is what actually makes escaping a grab possible, not high composure. Composure is just a skill that allows you to recover from fear easier but composure will NEVER be able to decrease your fear fast enough if Jason is pursuing you for long periods of time. A lot of high composure characters have low strength so they simply cannot be relied on to break grabs.How to GIT GUD:if you are not playing Tommy, Jenny or Adam, or don't have a pocket knife on you, always assume you will NEVER escape a grab. And even if you ARE playing Tommy, Jenny or Adam, assume that you are ONLY SAFE from the FIRST GRAB! Jason persuing you increases fear too much, you cannot possibly escape 2 grabs in a row, just not how the game works. Every other counselor has too awful of a composure+strength combination to escape reliably. Try to think of it from a Jason perspective, too. Why would he grab anyone if it took more than 2 tries? He may as well swing his weapon at you instead as the weapon damage makes counselors slower and it only takes 3 melee hits to kill most of them. Grab is a fun mechanic, please don't hate it ):3) ""Shift grab is OP""TL;DR answer:the balancing factor in the SHIFT move for Jason is it's cooldown rate and the fact that the game provides a spooky sound hint + static effect that alerts you as to when these super dangerous abilities are back into play so you can plan to avoid them successfully.How to GIT GUD:ANYTIME you see static on the screen, take 3 seconds to run around irradically to avoid a potential grab until you can spot where Jason appears. USE YOUR MINI MAP! Jason lights up as a red icon with arrows indicating where he is facing. It is difficult for Jason to turn and maneuver around in the SHIFT mode because of how god-awful fast he travels, so use that to your advantage! See where he is facing and determine the best way to avoid where he might be going.4) ""Jason always traps the objectives! I can't call the phone or repair the car because theres always traps there""TL;DR answer:When you see the spot is trapped, don't bother dealing with it immediately. Drop your objective items near the spot and go find a weapon and friends to bring with you when you attempt to repair it. Friends can help stun Jason and he will most likely attack whoever is caught in the trap because they're easy pickins and that's your chance to save them AND stun him. You don't really have to actually repair anything, you can disable the trap, all spread out and run away, then come back later. If he has new traps up(some Jasons have more than others), just rinse and repeat till all his traps have been used up. Easy! It takes a while, sure, but as a counselor you are in no rush! As a matter of fact, you're pretty much rewarded for dicking around and eating up time so why not?How to GIT GUD:Either ignore that thing altogether or be strategic on how you take it out. If it's a car that's being protected, is there another one? Usually the four seater is trapped so sometimes people make it their strategy to avoid that car period. For the phone it's a bit more annoying.. Someone has to REPAIR it and then someone has to be inside to call the cops. I'd suggest having 3 people in your party for this one, one to be the BAIT(aka trigger the trap), one to fight off Jason and get that stun hit in there so BAIT can escape (one of these two people can choose to repair the phone while the other holds Jason off) and finally one more additional person who is ideally already inside the house to get on the phone instantly so Jason doesn't have time to re-disable the box again.I know this was kind of long and boring to read but with more knowledge to your disposal, you quickly realize that this game is not so imbalanced as it appears. I agree it's nerve-wrecking to join into your first match and have zero idea how anything works but, unfortunately, there is no AI feature in this game so you will simply have to play a few rounds in order to get used to it. Also, the community is so awesome for the most part. Yea yea, theres always going to be annoying kids playing games online, mute em. But you have no idea how much the microphone can be used to your advantage! Sometimes, as a counselor, I even tell the Jason I have no idea what I am doing and am very scared and they laugh and take it a bit easier on me. Sorry for such a long rant but I am so pumped for this game and am sad to see all these reviews that didn't give the game enough of a chance D:"
,Recommended,438740,32003692,Posted: 27 May,all,"carpet ""the thicc"" man","This game is awesome! Don't listen to the whiny negative comments. They're all butthurt dead by daylight players. Jason had to be OP! It's based on the movies, and only 1 or 2 people have to survive, just like in the slashers. This is coming from a counselor-only player:"
,Not Recommended,438740,32008884,Posted: 27 May,all,ᔕᕼᖇᑌᗰ,"Don't get me wrong, the game is not bad.Just the price for this game is just too high. If the price was lowered, this game would be well worth the money."
,Recommended,438740,31977395,Posted: 26 May,all,Jackson Grayman,"My open review is going to be open and unbiased based on my experiences through the game itself.The Price:Of course the price itself for what you get currenty outweighs what is considered worth it in my case, hopefully soon there will be bigger updates (which are free) that provide us with a bigger world to survive in with many more ways of outsmarting (Or Killing) in the game.The Gameplay:It feels stiff and repetative at first but overall this game is suppose to be had with friends for fun, Dead by Daylight players may feel the same thing, giving better opporunities to survive and outsmart the killer in terms of them having the same justified positive outcome. There are three ways to escape which give dynamic ways to survive to off set the ""Over powered"" killer in this case, which I believe could be changed slightly but its overall complimenting itself as you all need to work together to escape.The Controls:I did find some controls confusing as tapping the button would do one thing and tap, holding it would have another function. I had many times I closed a door or a window in front of me instead of going through it to escape death, instead locking myself outside behind the killer.The Quality:The quality of the game overall seems very nice besides the slightly jarring fact some things may seem ""reused"" in terms to minor details of the game world.Final Thoughts:The game itself is fun with friends as a cat and mouse game, The price could be reworked but the future will hold what they have in store for us if they indeed release big, free updates for those (And I hope not tons of Paid DLC). There is plenty to play with currently right now in the world (Three Maps) but as a release for a game I did expect more but I will still recommend it."
,Recommended,438740,32826150,Posted: 26 June,all,HashtagScrubPC,"This ame, dispite all the flak it gets is relly enjoyable. The big misunderstanding that people have with this game is the it is made by a huge team, this is infact false the team is onle around 12-16 people. This game for that size of a studio is outstanding. It might be buggy and glitchy but personally i hardly run into these. I see the odd animation bug, or cliping error but other than that its near perfect. If you can get passed all the bugs it is increadibly fun especially with friends. If you have no friends, this game isnt for you"
,Recommended,438740,32826586,Posted: 26 June,all,NardDog,"Great game, tons of fun. It is a lot better if you have a mic but it is still fun if you don't. There are some glitches here and there but other than that, this game is amazing."
,Not Recommended,438740,31972454,Posted: 26 May,all,Sgt Elliot,"Don't get me wrong. The game is good, a lot of bugs and glitches have been fixed since the game came out but the game is really just lacking in content. This game at the moment at least in my opinion is a bit overpriced. $40 is just too much."
76561198014276544,Not Recommended,438740,32012419,Posted: 27 May,all,Telik,"This review makes me sad. I really wanted to like this game but there are many glaring flaws as to why this game is not worth 40$.1) Jason is to strong.. I know that might sound as if it's more of a complaint but he really is. I get Jason is ment to feel strong, however, once Jason finds you he will never lose track of you. This makes the game feel like you are just wasting your time. You can not out run (for long), you can not hide from him (fear will allow him to see you anywhere on the map), even if you stun him by hitting him or blinding him with the flair gun he can easily find you and kill you making it impossible to get away.2) Only 3 maps.. Items do spawn in differenct location as does the phone, however, for 40$ 3 maps is not enough IMO.3) Many, Many bugs.. One bug I am experiencing is my account shows as 0 exp and I cannot equip any perks/upgrades4) The game feels very very empty.. as in once you play one round you know how the rest of your gaming time will go... You will sneak around until your fear builds up (happens on its own, you don't even have to see Jason) then Jason can see you on the map no matter where you are and you ARE going to die, there is no getting away.Again I get he is supose to be strong but there is a point where you have to give the counselors a chance. It makes the game not fun and very repetative because as a counsolor you can't win without RNG being on your side.Get Dead by Daylight instead, it half the price and a far more balenced game."
76561198000394413,Not Recommended,438740,32012813,Posted: 27 May,all,#Liebe zu Dritt#,"So yeah,I would like to write a complete review of the game but that is not possible.So I had 5 games thus far and I am on lvl 5. Well for now most people get a database login failure, had that too but that was fixed ( some people still have that [not even mentioning people who backed that game with 300US$ more or less]) so while my login error is fixed, my profile is set back to 0. I cant save anything ( kill moves, perks for counselours) so there is no point in actually playing, because you will have a♥♥♥♥♥♥time to actually finish off counselors.Devs say we are working on it, appearantly the whole thing is due to the fact that too many people want to play the game, so they tried to get more servers which resulted in a cluster ♥♥♥♥ for almost everyone.I am very well aware that I didn't play 2hrs yet, that is because I honestly think of refunding the game. I don't want to not be able to refund because I crossed the 2hr mark.As of now, I can not recommend the game to anyone. Stay away from it.So yeah tried the fixes, even downloaded another 1.6GB Patch.I am done with the game, requesting refund now."
,Not Recommended,438740,32013186,Posted: 27 May,all,Xvoltz,"This game is somewhere between ""The Elder Scrolls Online"" and ""No Man's Sky"" by that, I mean. It's decently fun... A bit too hyped and WAY too expensive. I had to decide whether getting destroyed as a counsler was worth enough to eventually play Jason. Decided it wasn't (although Jason was cool to play)Too little contentJason a bit opOverpricedIf this game was 20$ I would call ""Worth"" however not 40"
76561198039738544,Recommended,438740,32133257,Posted: 2 June,all,Goldfish,"Jogging with Jason, and you get to wear really short pants."
76561198007906697,Not Recommended,438740,31988447,Posted: 26 May,all,Salvation Galliaron Silverstar,Currently there are Some bugs and server issues also Jason is alittle OP but will update as patch'es come out
76561198136581388,Not Recommended,438740,33122812,Posted: 2 July,all,Zapajo,WAIT TO BUY UNTIL CRITICAL BUGS ARE FIXED!!!!!! I keep getting no CP points after the game. Waste of my time and money.
,Recommended,438740,31987702,Posted: 26 May,all,Sheepy Pajamas,"To start off with the bare bones of it: I would reccommend Friday the 13th The Game to practically anyone who is willing to invest and learn a bit about the movies, games like Dead by Daylight, and don't mind a bit of grind, or likewise, samey gameplay.Pros:-  There are multiple ways for councelors to actually escape each map, each one posing a different set of problems with each one.  The car has to drive on pretty narrow roads to get out of the map, cops only come in one direction, and the boat can be easily capsized by fast thinking Jason's. This means that each way has a risk and a reward, with the car, fitting the most people, requiring the most components, but the boat only needs 2, but only fits 2, and the cops are easy to camp.  This is a good change from Dead by Daylight that I heavily enjoyed on the survivor side.-  Jason can be played in a multitude of different ways, such as Part 7 Jason being all about morphing infront of several areas and strategically planting traps to prevent escape.  Part 2 Jason is all about running and gunning as fast as possible around the map with little actual forethought or knowledge of where people are and what they are doing.  The best part is that all the Jason's work mechanically the same, with all of them having the same 4 abilities, but with a different reliance on each ability.  Part 7 for instance is very good at scanning and morphing into areas where Councelors are and attacking at the right moment, but moves waaaaay to slow to properly kill them, especially since Shift has a very long cooldown you'll often run around with Morph than with the more fun, and effective, shift.-  Councelors have base stats that are directly told to the player and have very unique traits through those that give them a better or worse gameplay experience.  For instance: The Preppy Councelor is extremely fast, extremely lucky, but can not run nearly as far as others, as often, and get's spooked crazy fast with no way to fight against Jason.  However, the Black Jock can beat Jason up like crazy, can keep his run up for a long time and run pretty dang fast, but lacks any technical skill and is not lucky at all.  All these little stat changes really change how you approach each encounter in each map and can really change how that character is played in your head.-  Tons of unlockables that are pretty dang cool and incentive a ton of playtime.  Some of them are simple things like minor stat boosts or alterations to your starting character, while others are grapple kills for Jason.-  A common complaint has come down to ""Grind"" and while there isn't 10 maps and 45 different types of everything, you can rest a bit easy knowing that you can change up your playstyle rather quickly.  At the end of each map you can buy grapple kills for Jason, or gamble on a different, random boost.  In some cases this boost is extremely minor, like you make no sound in the water, and in others you can barricade faster, run faster, start with a flare gun, and more.  This cuts out a lot of the early game's weakness which is being underprepared and killed quickly in a bad spawn.-  The graphics options, audio options, and gameplay options covered all the basics while also providing things that I would want from a modern day game.-  Load times are low, size is low, and FPS is stable for the most part.-  It fixes issues with Dead By Daylight such as camping by adding multiple objectives, you can actually attack Jason which can be extremely beneficial in a pinch, running, sprinting, jogging and walking are all a crucial part of the game with Stealth being similar in that regard.-  Personal thing but I really do enjoy how accurate it feels to the movies and to the genre.  The gore is gruesome and high quality, with every little move done feeling special.  Likewise you can do multiple, special enviromental kills.-  Personal thing, the fact that there is Proximity Voice is amazing, likewise I do love the fact that Radio's and MIc's are basically crucial to a successful win, while also being wholely ridiculous if done right.  I never thought I'd love to see Jason come in while going ""OOOOOH YEEEEEEAAAAAAHHH!"" until this game.Negatives:-  Unbindable controls, however they are not obnoxously placed for the most part.-  The lack of maps and gameplay variety can be a huge issue starting out, especially when everyone has only like 4 characters and most people will gravitate towards 2 of them.  The 3 maps, while detailed and having some RNG elements, can feel a bit samey after a while, but a few notable areas and scenaries make sure you remember that your on Crystal Lake and not another place entirely.-  Latency is hell on Launch, which is unsurprising.-  The game seems to pair somewhat poorly with EU and US, putting some of us over the sea to play with the other folk, which can directly hamper the gameplay experience, especially when you die even though you know you shouldn't have.-  You do not gain credits until the end of a match, but the end of a match can easily take 20 minutes if you died right out the starting gate.  It is also annoying since some people will stall heavily and camp for long periods of time, making the game rather boring, especially if your Jason isn't especially good, or just lagging.-  Some of the animations are worse than others, and noticeable.-  Certain interactables are not interactable for both Jason and Councelors, such as Councelors being able to jump out of Window A but Jason holding Councelor A can not throw him out Window A.  This can lead to several frustrating failures to kill a Councelor that isn't going to make it anyways.Final Thoughts:FF13 the Game is actually really, really fun, but the 40$ tag should not be viewed as a ""End all be all"" of the game as there are still some features coming later, so buying in now or later won't really make a huge difference.  Personally, I enjoyed the game every time I played it and found very little in terms of issues that were so blatant that the game deserves a negative review.  Yes, there are some things that need to be added or fixed, but remember that Dead by Daylight and Overwatch both came out in as bare bones packages and both have become rather successful, fun games.Stupid Suggestion:-  Make a jumpsuit skin for Part 3 Jason based off the NES Jason.  That'd be just silly fun and I'd buy it in a heart beat."
,Not Recommended,438740,32042663,Posted: 29 May,all,KingCrimson,"UPDATE 2:Changing my recommendation to negative until the devs pull their heads out their asses. Permabanning someone for calling a 12 year old a f aggot and 2 other people w hores for teaming with Jason??? Do you want a safe space to go along with that too? Maybe a temp ban would be suitable, but permabanning someone for something that isn't even explicitly said to be a breach of TOS (because they game never makes you agree to one) is ♥♥♥♥ing ridiculous. Best part was the people who were helping Jason (which is also a breach of TOS) NEVER GOT BANNED. Not a temp ban, probably not even a warning. They get off scot-free because they know the devs (which they have confirmed!). To add salt to the wound, the dev, ThePraetorian, is a mod on the subreddit for the game. He has power to lock threads, and is doing so to suppress the backlash. He's simply locking every negative thread that he has responded too, leaving no room for any other response. It's ♥♥♥♥ing ridiculous and downright shameful the way the devs are treating this game. While the game is still fun to play, out of good conscience I can't recommend that anyone waste $40 on this game, because they might get permabanned for calling someone a f aggot.UPDATE 1:Since I've gotten more experience, I feel I should write an update on how it'll be to play with more experienced players. First thing I want to address is how buggy the game is. They fixed most of the exploits, but a lot of bugs are still in the game, as well as wonky hitboxes. As a counselor, if you have even just another experienced counselor with you and you both have weapons, you can kite Jason almost indefinitely until he gives up or you run out of weapons. As Jason, this can be incredibly frustrating sometimes. However, the majority of the time in quick play this will not happen due to lag or simply not having enough coordination. Another aspect of play as and against Jason I should mention is the grab range. While it doesn't have much range on the side, it is incredibly long when extended forward. This means he could grab you 5 meters away, or he could miss you while you're right next to him. Rolling perks is slightly frustrating as well due to the glacial CP gain, and the odds of rolling a good perk. Another major problem with the game at the moment is the lack of English speaking players that largely populate the Australian servers. This might not be true for the American servers, but it is very prevalent in the AU servers. However, despite the frustrating buggy mechanics and lack of English speaking players, if you find a good group to play this game with it's still a lot of fun.ORIGINAL REVIEW:Despite being plagued by server issues during the launch period, it seems that the devs have finally fixed those issues. Finally, the core game can shine through without being brought down by those server issues. Playing as a counselor or Jason is lots of fun, just so long as you're playing with other somewhat competent counselors. People say that Jason is OP, which to some degree is correct, but he's meant to be an unstoppable killer. Additionally, juking IS possible, so if you're skilled enough you can juke around Jason and jump into a nearby house to regain your stamina and go for round 2 to buy your teammates more time. There are numerous ways to escape, and teamwork is needed, so a mic is strongly recommended.  Playing as Jason is just brilliant. Nothing can quite match the thrill of putting beartraps around a house and hearing the terrified person inside screaming through the voice chat. Now that the server issues have been fixed, I would recommend this game."
76561198254497664,Not Recommended,438740,32610544,Posted: 20 June,all,Merlinskeeper,Muting the other people doesnt work controller barely works
76561197972406557,Recommended,438740,32076798,Posted: 30 May,all,SpaceMonkey907,"I'm a huge horror movie and Friday the 13th fan. I had my reservations but this game is fantastic and they nailed it making this game. It's got a few Kinks to work out, it just came out and I'm sure it's just going to get better and better. This game is tons of fun and thrills and hilarity. A headset with mic is a must and almost crucial. I'm happy with the $40 I spent on it. Best way to describe it if you take out all the blood and guts is the ultimate game of hide-and-seek tag."
76561197961018862,Recommended,438740,32107179,Posted: 1 June,all,Sayduh,"This game is great for having fun with friends or playing by yourself. You can try hard and have fun. But honestly the most fun in this game is just goofing off and role playing in voice coms. It is much more rewarding that way in my opinion. At $40 it needs more content for where it is now. But it is worth it, i'm sure its coming."
76561197977673003,Recommended,438740,32108091,Posted: 1 June,all,Fartdoctor,Its just like watching a slasher flick but you're in it. A patch fixed the servers and the game runs great so its really fun and♥♥♥♥♥puckering. Playing as Jason is amazing. Dude is stone cold and weird AF.  It's a legit horror movie with an actual person hunting you. Perks and leveling. I'm lovin it.
76561198002641824,Recommended,438740,32075891,Posted: 30 May,all,Play Pretend,"Wonderful game, its fun to play as both Jason and the counselors. Highly recommend this game for anyone wanting to play an tense action packed horror game."
76561198343452082,Recommended,438740,32075910,Posted: 30 May,all,DeadlyKitten,very fun
76561198322338590,Recommended,438740,32108056,Posted: 1 June,all,meglet15,"One of the best games I've played in a while, accurate to the movies, and just an all round enjoyable expirience. Definetly worth the money!"
,Recommended,438740,32144994,Posted: 2 June,all,Venombrew,"Love it, suspenseful, fun, and extremely enjoyable."
76561198292215603,Recommended,438740,32154967,Posted: 3 June,all,NotTheRealDeadpool,much fun. very boss. such kill
76561198100161390,Recommended,438740,32090290,Posted: 31 May,all,IsaiahStud,Friday the 13th is a great game! Can't wait for DLC
76561198046854726,Recommended,438740,32155411,Posted: 3 June,all,MaddZax,"I was pleasantly surprised as to how fun this game is.  I was a bit worried when it kept getting pushed back, but ulitmately, it looks like it was worth it.  Like with any new game at launch, it had its server issues, but after about a week now (it was probably sooner, I just got back on) everything seems flushed out and good to go.  I've made new Steam friends with this game, and purely enjoy it for being a game, and not some competetive/frustrating experience.  It is similar in the aspect of DBD, but with more teamwork and a better approach (at least I think), to cooperation.Join me and lets take a swing at Jason!"
76561198116537196,Recommended,438740,32108513,Posted: 1 June,all,[GWA] MX_THOR_69,Love the game but I am haviong troubles since the latest update. I first updated the game I played it then shut off my computer then turned it on later and it wants to re download the update. This has happened another time and is getting very frusterating.
76561198236692392,Recommended,438740,32226712,Posted: 6 June,all,EZ PZ,"So when i first saw this game i did not know if i wanted to buy it or not. But i eventually bought it... and i must say this game is really good !.Pros:Nice variety of playable characters including JasonsAwesome and sometimes creepy or disturbing enviromentsFew but well made mapsVery fun to play with friends but is still very enjoyable when you play alone online.i could go on for days...Cons:Being Jason or a survivor is no choice it is completly random. you can change your preference to either a survivor or as Jason.Sometimes players decide to kill eachother (it is rare but ive seen it once) just worth mentioning that sometimes people are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s but so is every online game.Sometimes playing as Jason is awful due to people gathering up and stunning you over and over again.. yes you can actually do that. not a major issue but it makes Jason a bit helpless. Just a quick note that i hope dev look into. but all in all a good balance between surviors and Jason himself.Overall i think this game is the experience i would expect from a Friday the 13th game. devs seems to be very passionate and are working hard to fix whatever people complain about or things they see themselves. Right now the few maps may seem underwelming for some but keep in mind, dev work as hard as they can to deliver more content. Hopefully this game is gonna continue to grow and hopefully there will be much more to do. A minor thing that i hope for is more skins for Jason and the survivors, but nothing i expect them to rush out.Give this game a try if you love games where you must fight and stick together to survive or if you just love to wield a nice weapon and make people suffer while you can hear them scream over voice chat.I know this review was very messy :b but i hope it helped some of the confusing players on the right track !"
76561198044258207,Recommended,438740,32102055,Posted: 1 June,all,Joe Postman,It's  fun.
,Recommended,438740,31982854,Posted: 26 May,all,lettie ✿,Love it.
,Recommended,438740,32075612,Posted: 30 May,all,Feanominal,"Amazing GAME! Just a basic hide and seek taken to another level. Want to see someone get pulled out of a tent in a sleeping bag, and slammed to death against a tree? This is your game for sure."
76561198056707776,Recommended,438740,32531203,Posted: 18 June,all,YaruSaru,There's not much content yet and bugs can be annoying but it's some of the most fun I've had with multiplayer in a long time and can be a great game if you play with the right people. The lobby really makes or breaks the game but all games of this genre have that issue.
76561198093138418,Recommended,438740,32596914,Posted: 20 June,all,KoldKone,"After getting a decent amount of hours I can say this, It is a hell of a time (as in good). With friends it's 4x better and getting chased by Jason you can't match the feeling (or can you?) I love dbd and ft13 both very much, Nd if you were making decisions on gameplay and price I have a list of the negatives and positives.Dead by daylight- annoying and tedious to be the murderer- can't fight the murderer- only 2 ways to escape- an instant kill dlc character?(Huge negative)- takes me up to 15mins to get wueued in a game with a friend what???+ Very cheap, hell of a deal for time being invested.+ A huge variation of killers+The music cues and atmosphosere/maps are ♥♥♥♥ing amazing+ Special gear and very good reward system.+ Smaller and larger maps making the experience much differentFriday the 13th- doesn't feel polished- frustrating when teammates don't work together- without friends loses immersion- god awful bugs+Being able to fight back+ The people you meet ingame+ 4 ways to win.+ Distinct character advantages+ Breaking Jason's anklesYes this game is fun, 40.dollars worth fun? Well depends, how many friends are willing to play and how much you love this genre and the rush from getting chased. PS, playing Jason is b a d a s s."
76561198349503929,Recommended,438740,33027462,Posted: 30 June,all,~ ONI ~,"Really enjoy this game from the moment i  purchased it. I thought it was going to be like dead by daylight, however its way more fun and way more addictive. I defenitely recommend this game to everybody."
,Not Recommended,438740,32011270,Posted: 27 May,all,Traelar,"fun for maybe a round or 2 even with a game full of friends, after that dropped off and sucked♥♥♥♥♥♥ 0/10 refunded that♥♥♥♥♥♥would maybe of kept it if it cost more like 10 bucks, 40 bucks way to much for this trash game"
76561198208592269,Recommended,438740,32131256,Posted: 2 June,all,LoremasterGinger,fun
76561198246967310,Recommended,438740,32134543,Posted: 2 June,all,ABOOD GAMERS,I RECOMMAEND THIS GAMEI LOVE IT SO MUCH. KEEP IT UP
76561198059888083,Recommended,438740,32110762,Posted: 1 June,all,shortstuff518,"Watch some youtube Videos, and if it looks fun to you, it will be, if not, pass for now."
,Recommended,438740,32134720,Posted: 2 June,all,Zeroxmercy,Would 100% recommend this game to others :D
,Recommended,438740,32878214,Posted: 27 June,all,DemonKilla408,Such a great game and very fun to play wit your friends :) I really have a great time playing this game and yeah there are a few bugs but they are easy to look pass because it is such a great game
76561198047162546,Not Recommended,438740,33618439,Posted: 17 July,all,alllurrtttt,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing glitchy.
,Recommended,438740,32073067,Posted: 30 May,all,MonkeyFace,"This is one of those games that is far better than the sum of its parts.  One could write an entire review of what is wrong with this game, from commands that don't register at the worst possible times, clunky combat, few maps, etc., but that review would miss the forest for the trees.Simply put, Friday the 13th is one of the most engaging games I've ever had the pleasure of playing. The emotional impact of this game cannot be overstated, and while there are games that evoke awe and joy, and even a select few that manage to evoke sadness, this game evokes all the emotions that a great horror movie does.  There is the anxiousness as you scramble from cabin to cabin searching for that one item that may let you live.  The feeling of hope as you open yet another drawer, praying that you'll find the keys to the car, the disappointment as you turn up empty once again, but the elation once you finally lay your hands on that one item you need to make your escape.  The creeping dread as you stumble through the woods wondering if Jason is going to show up behind you, and if he does, if you'll have enough stamina to make it to a cabin.  And the terror of a jump-scare when you realize that, yep, Jason has found you.This game is an amazing emotional rollercoaster if you're willing to overlook some of its rough edges and are open to the experience.  If you simply must win to have fun, or need a game with a fast pace, probably best to look elsewhere.  If you've always wanted to take control of a horror movie, and feel the fear of being stalked, or the elation of surviving the onslaught of a demonic killer, Friday the 13th is worth your time."
,Recommended,438740,32018252,Posted: 28 May,all,Veledrome,"This game is absolutely amazing. The graphics, the gameplay and the content and all the things you can do, they are all just awesome. Even tho there were issues and errors upon release, it is worth buying. Even big companies like Ubisoft and EA have issues so I don't see any problem with this one having too. People need to be patient."
76561198020316445,Recommended,438740,32043267,Posted: 29 May,all,Obeed,"Great game, if your a fan of the movies and a gamer this is a must buy. Lot of people complaining about crap, had a rough launch and the servers got overloaded by the swathes of people logging on for the first time but the crew have been working night and day with results coming through with prompt updates via social media. This is one hell of a game and if you dont buy cuz of a whinging impatient 10 year old then your really going to miss out on a good one here."
76561198067655982,Recommended,438740,31966829,Posted: 25 May,all,kellyanne,"Really enjoying this game! Once you play about three games, you start to understand what is going on and get the hang of it. So far everyone I've met is incredibly nice and helpful. Also, it's not THAT scary (I can't watch ANY horror movies), so I'm happy to report even the wussiest of wusses can play it!"
,Recommended,438740,32066248,Posted: 30 May,all,BlaineTrainnn,The game is fun af
,Recommended,438740,32115496,Posted: 1 June,all,the dezert rat,the game is getting better by the day but please do something about the facial animations there a little to lifelike ;)
,Recommended,438740,32131323,Posted: 2 June,all,Sgt. Sorry for what,Very entertaining game to play with your friends. It is some bugs but not anything that will ruin your overall game experience. undeserved hate!
76561198065560688,Recommended,438740,32110106,Posted: 1 June,all,A Man who Land a wild,Be a human decoy to keep your friend alive...This game turn me into a superhero.
,Recommended,438740,31990551,Posted: 27 May,all,++NovaTerra,This game is fun.
76561198186907631,Not Recommended,438740,32015064,Posted: 28 May,all,Dwights creepy Uncle,bugged as hell
76561197980887646,Recommended,438740,32142212,Posted: 2 June,all,(PG)Tompig-Titus,"Gory, tense and rough around the edges... just like the movies."
76561198149988082,Recommended,438740,32987519,Posted: 29 June,all,Tombomb2016,"Fun but lack of content, wait for sale"
,Recommended,438740,31998223,Posted: 27 May,all,fl1ck,gg
76561198112978448,Not Recommended,438740,33192635,Posted: 3 July,all,MIDU,"Not worth $40, but definitely not a bad game. Best played with friends. Can get annoying to play with randoms, especially people who blast music over their mics or flip♥♥♥♥♥♥over the dumbest things. I would definitely buy it on sale!"
76561198386691391,Recommended,438740,32619720,Posted: 21 June,all,GG,fix the LAG
,Recommended,438740,32229640,Posted: 6 June,all,AgentAlucard,This game is similar in style to Dead but Daylight but executes it differently. It's new (at this time) and there are some things to iron over by the dev but it's a fun experience. For a 40.00 release it's a good amount of fun. If thats too much cost of entry I'd recommend picking this up on a sale.Only complaint is that after death you have to stay in limbo for the remainder of the match to get XP. This should be only optional for level up + XP as only one person can come back as Jarvis. If this is fixed I'd give this an even stronger recommendation. Having to sit in limbo for 20 minutes at a time if the Jason is inexperienced or dealing with a glitching counselor is very grating at the moment. a method to penalize team killing counselors may also be something to put in. perhaps similar to games where you can vote to forgive honest mistake kills or punish people that purposefully team kill. Combine that with the 20 minute matches and it can be a bit turn off to get team killed 2 minutes in by another counselor.
76561198241636694,Recommended,438740,32751059,Posted: 24 June,all,Guinho05,best game!!! very bugs but is not bad
,Recommended,438740,32131929,Posted: 2 June,all,Shazbot,10/10 would get killed again!
76561198093384850,Recommended,438740,32015723,Posted: 28 May,all,lonewolf,"pretty fun game, espcially playing as jason, mic is pretty much needed, cant wait to see how to develop the game."
76561198011703795,Recommended,438740,32090580,Posted: 31 May,all,eddiefocus,"Full disclosure, ... yes it is very buggy right now.That being said.  I still love this game. Despite it's flaws it is everything in a Friday the 13th game I could want.  Except of course for the part 4 jason which is my second favorite movie ... hint hint.I've read a lot of people complain that Jason is too OP but that is what I'm loving about it. It's a real challenging game that gives you multiple ways of winning to compensate for the really powerful Jason. I hope things get worked out and more exciting content gets released!!!"
76561198019443298,Recommended,438740,32131545,Posted: 2 June,all,Ko'aer Stormpaw,"I can see a lot of the points people are making.Only 3 maps, simple pallet swap cosmetics, really what 4 realistic escape types. a bit much for a 40 dollar game.. HoweverIn the end it's fun, really fun. I look for a $.50 per hour of gameplay price point and this will EASILY make it. The level up system is neat, but I'm a sucker for watching my level increase, unlocking new stuff and so on. It really adds a lot of drive to play. Getting a really good roll on a perk you buy feels GOOD. Hitting a cap to unlock a new Character feels good.Ya sometimes I have frustrating games... However it's spectate isn't bad and is often interesting to watch, even if I'm doing something else on the side (And hoping to spawn back as Tommy)End of the day, if you have 1-2 friends who also have the game, get it, play it with them you won't regret it. Heck just having people watch you play locally and trading off is really fun.Hope this helps."
76561198138651738,Recommended,438740,32030273,Posted: 28 May,all,Braz3n,"Really fun game to play.... when you can play. Verify internet connection, the not being able to change/add perks on Jason, not being able to roll perks for the kids are incredibly annoying to deal with bug wise. My advise is wait till they work the bugs out before buying, buy once the bugs are worked out I recommend this game 10/10"
76561198077457291,Recommended,438740,32134469,Posted: 2 June,all,Connert500,Way too addicting but that's good thing games hella fun and unique gameplay HIGHLY RECOMMEND
76561198310925606,Recommended,438740,32066274,Posted: 30 May,all,camdragonslayer,best game ive played in years maybe a little buggy with starting cut-scene (please support it for hp laptops!!!!) but still a good game!!! definately worth the buy
76561198254151234,Recommended,438740,32267723,Posted: 8 June,all,Stteb[NOR],I LOve this game <3 <3 < 3
76561198088807522,Not Recommended,438740,32696351,Posted: 23 June,all,Heresy!,"Great game except for, All the crashes, bugs, exploits that can be made, private only gives achievements, unbalanced,♥♥♥♥♥♥jasons no one is good they all have big weaknesses and most are just players with a sense hack making them able to spot you always, anti cheat doesn't work, No way to report ingame, all the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that are rude and harrasing and just plain there to troll and annoy, no awesome skins except for one wich is unobtainable now, lame clothes you have 1 pair on each counselor and can only change the color of it... by leveling up first ofcourse because why shall we give you fun without you having to spend hours to be able to do something nice, jason is OP, Counselors are OP when in groups basicly a group of 2 means you can never kill them since they hit you before you kill one. ALSO HERE IS A FUN ♥♥♥♥ING FACT COUNSELORS ALWAYS USE WINDOWS THE ENTIRE TIME AND COUCHES SO YOU CAN'T KILL THEM WANT TO BE JASON TOUGH ♥♥♥♥ING LUCK YOU'LL NEVER KILL THOSE ANNOYING♥♥♥♥♥♥♥AND THIS GAME IS JUST PURE♥♥♥♥♥♥ IDEA IS GOOD BUT THE GAMEPLAY IS JUST SHIIIIIIIIIIT"
,Recommended,438740,32970607,Posted: 28 June,all,[RS]Atin,So the game is fun.Thats about all I can really say for a short and sweat answer but if you want a long big answer with pros and cons here it is.Pros:-Extemerly fun with or without friends.-The randoms in the game are mostly friendly.-Jason is extremely fun.Cons:-Jason is overpowered AF.(Like the movies)-If counselors stick together like well a bundle of sticks they are basically untouchable if they know what they are doing.-If someone doesnt get Jason the might leave which can make it a 4-5 v 1 and completely ruins the match for everyone.Well since im not going to go over every con and pro I would just like to say besides the issues at launch and some bugs and glitches here and there I would like to say that I completely recommend the game for fans of DBD(Dead by daylight) and other games of that type.So all and all its a solid game atm a little pricy but it was worth it to be-able to just go on a killing spree and taunt Jason/the counselors.
,Recommended,438740,31999576,Posted: 27 May,all,NotMeta,"Really buggy at first, they could not fix servers and some people were unable to get into the game which sucks but now its fine perfect and running smoothly and i do reccomend this game as a buy really fun and enjoyable to play with friends."
,Recommended,438740,32004641,Posted: 27 May,all,OBEY,"Love the game a lot. Lots a mixed reviews just because of servers and♥♥♥♥♥♥ but personally I love it. I do feel that $40 is a little much but honestly its fine for me. Highly recommend it, the longevity may not be there right now but give it some time and it'll show. :D"
,Recommended,438740,32288837,Posted: 9 June,all,Pertanius,"WTF A game that simulates Jason and the counselors he kills. Sweet, a good horror game. Anyways, I don't give a flying ♥♥♥♥ about glitches. This game is amazing. I was going to back it on Backerkit but ♥♥♥♥ed up the order. People should buy this game if they are big fans of the Friday the 13th Franchise. WISH I GOT SAVINI...And my only recommendation to this game is ADD PART 4 JASON PLZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ THANK YOU ILLFONIC AND GUN MEDIA FOR THIS GAME YOU GUYS ARE BETTER THAN GABEN!"
,Recommended,438740,32560228,Posted: 19 June,all,Scrumptical,"Finally, a multiplayer horror game done right. Fun as hell and especially if you have friends playing!"
,Recommended,438740,32560117,Posted: 19 June,all,Zolrac,Nice face animation skrubz
,Recommended,438740,32281526,Posted: 8 June,all,XxCroissantLoverxX,"Though the price tag of $40 usd. may seem a bit steep (which is for most people) there is so much fun to be had in this game; whether a crazy russian is saying ""♥♥♥♥ you Jason"" as you are ripping his leg from it's socket, or teaming up with Jason to hunt those gamer girls, you will be enterianed, but . . . if you are not a hardcore fan of the series or did not back this game on kickstarter I would wait for a price drop or for better omptimization. Other than that this game is an amazing survival horror packed with many reffrences to the series."
,Recommended,438740,32281301,Posted: 8 June,all,GermStew,♥♥♥♥ yes!
,Recommended,438740,32281377,Posted: 8 June,all,PissAndMiss,"I have had a lot of fun on this game, but it is not perfect. There's still a lot of glitches and a few ""balancing issues"" (lets be real, Jason should be OP). With the current state of the game (content+tech issues) I would say the $40 price tag is a bit much, however once the glitches get fixed and they reveal how they plan on doing additions to the game, I would 100% recommend this game to everyone"
76561197988778613,Recommended,438740,32281411,Posted: 8 June,all,IceN,"HAD A GOOD TIME WITH THE GAME FOR A FEW ROUNDS, GOT VERY OLD VERY QUICK THOUGH. GRAPHICS ARE AMAZING, GAMEPLAY IS NICE, BUT JUST NOT WORTH $40 UNTIL THEY ADD MORE TO THE GAME AND FIX THE BUGS"
76561197998030690,Recommended,438740,32223937,Posted: 6 June,all,Darkprince048,Lots of fun
,Recommended,438740,32224982,Posted: 6 June,all,dexters,"The game it self is pretty fun, I would recommend it only played for 2 hours and I must say it is pretty fun. I would suggest you wait till the price goes lower because $40 for such a game that has bugs and is still work to be done."
,Recommended,438740,32223957,Posted: 6 June,all,Yangzhoui,Fun game. If you like the genre then you probobaly like this game as well. The face expressions are horible but aside from then the game works just fine and can be quite challenging while playing as counselor. Jason is OP and you just have to live with it cause thats how this game is suppose to be. As Json i have not have any trouble killing most if not all of the survivers.Eitherway i really like the game. Compared to DbD this game offers some more options to escape and a ruthless killer which even as a good survivor you wil always have to pay full attantion in order to have a chance of survival. Altho the feel of thirll is a bit less in this game for me.
76561198150405557,Recommended,438740,33238011,Posted: 4 July,all,kenzkaymac,"It's a really good game with a few bugs and glitches, but they can fix they in future updates, and they are adding a singleplayer campaign! So buy the game it's good!"
76561198066158303,Recommended,438740,32331500,Posted: 10 June,all,JammyJam,"I don't really understand why not a lot of people like this game. This game is a lot of fun, yea sure theres a few bugs and glitches people have been exploiting but besides that its a lot of fun. Jason isn't super op like people think, yea if you are by yourself then you are highly prone to dying to Jason then you would be by being together with someone in game. In many of my games, I have died first, or I escaped first. This game is luck more then anything, no matter how good you are if Jason finds you by yourself, the chances of survival are low unless you juke the crap out of him.I would say one thing though, I believe you should get this game only if a friend you know can play with you. Otherwise solo playing can get very boring especially when no one speaks in game chat. Which reminds me only get this game if you have a headset or a mic otherwise you won't enjoy the completeness of this game because there is no in game chat."
,Recommended,438740,32191086,Posted: 4 June,all,PathOfDeception,"Great game, making review to counter the negative reviews as most are from people with low hour count and little knowledge to the game's development."
,Recommended,438740,32335584,Posted: 10 June,all,ImPuddlez,"This game is amazingly fun to play with friends and to play with random people. The only thing I don't like is the shift + grab/melee mechanic for Jason, it makes being chased less fun really. He's already over-powered (like he should be) but like having this is kinda ridic. Asides that I enjoy this game. Hope to see this game grow more! :3"
,Recommended,438740,32331982,Posted: 10 June,all,CommieWaffle,"As one of the only non-toxic games on Steam, I can assure you that this game will give quite a few spooks, scares, and screams. I recommend this because it's gory like it should be, but it also got the 80's vibe completely right. If you think I'm wrong then just watch the credits."
,Recommended,438740,32006180,Posted: 27 May,all,Dan K. Memes,"The game had a rocky start, but it's incredibly fun. People argue that it's not worth $40, but the content stretches farther than you would think. Overall, a great game.EDIT: Now that the server issues are sorted out for the most part, I can 100% recommend this game."
,Recommended,438740,32283495,Posted: 8 June,all,Luffy,This is such a fun game it may be buggy but It's a lot of fun!!! But the lving up sytem kinda broken xd lv 101 the max lvl. But overall glad this game got made and you should buy it!
,Recommended,438740,31991541,Posted: 27 May,all,♛MisterSuit♚,I love this gameAll the people you knowBeing pissy and whining about the game already are idiotsYou can't be pissy with a game that just came outIf you just give the game time to improve you'll seeIts like every other gameOn launch and a days afterIts ♥♥♥♥♥♥but after some timeit turns into a great game and this game has great dev's so I am sure that they'll fix it soon enough and also about the gamemodeYes theres only onePlease stfu all you hatersItJustLAUNCHEDGive it time before you start hating you idiotsI'm sure the dev's will come up with some amazing stuff
,Recommended,438740,31969358,Posted: 26 May,all,Scumdog,"Despite needing some polish, this game is a ton of fun as a huge fan of the Friday the 13th series. Admittedly, I think 40 bucks is a bit steep (30 would be a more suiting price), but I wanted it bad enough to shell out the cash."
,Recommended,438740,31975430,Posted: 26 May,all,ItsLeAshton,"Friday the 13th: The Game is in all seriousness a great game, but unfortunately, it still has a lot of flaws, and they still have a lot to fix.I wrote them a checklist of what to fix:-Rename Brandon 'Buggzy' Wilson to Brandon 'Teamkiller' Wilson.-Fix broken perks.-Add more maps. (They're working on this)-Make a Part 4 Skin available for Part 3 Jason.-Fix Part 7 Jason so he isn't utterly useless anymore.-Add at least one more Jason. (They're working on this)-Release Singleplayer ASAP (This is their biggest focus atm)-Don't wait so dang long to release the anti-team killing update. I don't know why you have to schedule every single update you release.Besides all these flaws, the game is amazing. Keep up the great work, GunMedia!"
,Recommended,438740,32212494,Posted: 5 June,all,Hehe XD,i have alot of fun playing this game i have recomended it to all of my friends
76561197997972373,Recommended,438740,32031648,Posted: 28 May,all,Elnene_tv,"i love this game so much but you guys gotta fix database login failure. it says that eveytime i wanna play the game . please.,"
,Recommended,438740,32058899,Posted: 30 May,all,Qacona,A different experience to Dead by Daylight but equally compelling.I also think if we'd have fewer people saying Jason is over powered if they didn't keep sprinting everywhere in the dark without lights on.
,Recommended,438740,32073621,Posted: 30 May,all,RAIZO,"As I’m sure many of you know quite well by now, there were initially (and to some extent) still are issues relating to broken achievements, game crashes and database login errors for some gamers. Despite these problems, which are currently being worked on, this game is immensely enjoyable and easily the most fun I’ve personally ever had while playing an asymmetrical horror game. Matchmaking works quite well and is generally fast. The graphics and sound design are quite nice, with the music being the copyrighted sound from the beloved movie series. The few maps/areas surrounding Crystal Lake are large and well detailed. Now for the good stuff - the counselors and Jason:Counselors: There are a number of different counselors to play as, each with their own unique set of stats, such as greater stamina and speed offset by a higher rate of fear or slower repair speed, or more stamina and less speed offset by making less sound as you run, etc. You can also acquire new articles of clothing for them and perks that can either increase their base stats or even allow you to start with a map or first aid spray among other things. Counselors can survive by means of escaping in a 2 or 4 seater car (both require a battery, gas and keys to start), a boat (needs gas and a prop), by calling the cops (you need a fuse to use the phone, then you wait 5 min. or less depending on a particular perk you can acquire which lessens the time a little), by holding out for the full 20 min. duration of the match and they can even kill Jason but that’s generally much easier said than done. You can also call in Tommy Jarvis for support, which is nice as one of the dead players still in the match gets to become him and his stats are maxed or nearly so. Counselors can set bear traps for Jason, lock doors, jump through windows to quickly escape him (even if those windows aren’t already open), they can dodge and block and use different weapons against him and items that will stun him. They can also hide in various locations and even swim.Jason: there are a number of Jason variations, looking just as good as they did in the movies. Like with the counselors, the Jason variations have differing base stats, like the amount of fear they generate, the ability to run or move faster in water, or a lessened ability to break down doors as quickly as usual but offset by an increased ability in a different stat. There are different kills to unlock, many of which are absolutely brutal, and there are even a large number of environmental kills to perform. You can set bear traps for counselors and break windows which will inflict damage any time they climb/jump through them. You also have the ability to tip the boat and stop the car when in motion, you can use throwing spikes (more Kunai-like) to injure counselors and you can even use special abilities when active that allow you to track, stalk or morph right to their location as they flee. As a match progresses you can even eventually become enraged which will allow you to simply walk right through locked doors and certain walls – totally epic!!$40 may seem like a lot but there’s a lot of game here and it’s only going to get better with time. If you’re crunched for cash then get a job so you can get the game – you won’t regret it (the game of course, as for liking said job…that may be a regret after the fact)."
76561198063733380,Recommended,438740,32086996,Posted: 31 May,all,Bub,♥♥♥♥♥s fun yo
76561198025466150,Recommended,438740,32053080,Posted: 29 May,all,TheDoctor,"Give it a chance. I know there's a lot of complaints right now, but when it works, it's great"
76561198349344194,Recommended,438740,32101591,Posted: 31 May,all,Shane54,"First, I will address the elephant in the room; the database login errors, XP and level not upgrading etc. Like many of you I also found this frustrating but hung in there knowing that it would be rectified - and it has!Forward past that and you have a really good multiplayer experience. No two games are the same with items randomly spawning in different areas and people using different tactics and strategies. Graphics are quite good, not spectacular but the soundtrack and special effects really set the tense atmosphere.I definitely think this is worth the money and it has potential to expand into single player, added maps, characters etc. Lovers of the franchise will be very impressed with this. My recommendation is to definitely give this a go, I have found it great fun! Great job from a small developer."
,Recommended,438740,32107424,Posted: 1 June,all,Jenial,"Fun and solid assymetrical game. Has this similiar feel to Dead By Daylight, but more focused on teamwork. Had some pretty bad launch issues the first couple of days though."
76561198219222627,Recommended,438740,32107861,Posted: 1 June,all,XxSpaghettiNo0dlexX,"Great (unfinished) game, not really worth the 40 dollars, but would do it again in a heatbeat."
,Recommended,438740,32119697,Posted: 1 June,all,colour,"The game had a rocky start but after that its very fun to play and i would definintely recommend it, even for $40 the only reason why its that much is because Friday the 13th is a franchise and needs a license or something to be able to use jason in their game etc."
76561198047583884,Recommended,438740,31997027,Posted: 27 May,all,AznAdam,"I think most of the people that leave bad reviews aren't used to playing cat and mouse games. The game, so far, has had a little rocky start, but I dont know any game that hasnt anymore. I like the game, it takes a few games to get used to, its not for those who easily give up. It's a good game if you like a challenge. I dont think jason is over powered, sure hes strong but ive seen plenty of people escape, and as time goes on counselors will get better and so will jason players. Some people just love to complain, which is fine, but before you complain educate your self a little and see if the developers are responding to bugs (which they are fairly expediantly). Please use logic when leaving bad reviews, dont just rely on your opinion, which may mean nothing if you know nothing... on that note the price is sort of high, no doubt there. Over all i would give it a 8/10 and im sure it'll reach 9 or higher over time when problems get fixed and the game becomes smoother."
76561198152358323,Recommended,438740,32019191,Posted: 28 May,all,Piotrax,Kinda Shows its Buggs but otherwise it's pretty good :>
,Recommended,438740,32019232,Posted: 28 May,all,MrDemnoc,"Tried the game, the game is fun but you ened to like horror gamesa or like some of my friends like friday the 13th. I will nto deny the fact there are some flaws but it is an indie game. For more information view:https://youtu.be/Zm1PNgxenRU"
76561198031948287,Recommended,438740,32019395,Posted: 28 May,all,Dadpool,"This game is just fun to play. If you have a group of friends to play with it is even better.Yes Jason is OP, but he is Jason. This game offers a real challenge that makes it truly rewarding when you do survive. Out of 10 hours of playing the game I have escaped five times. If Jason locks on to you, then you should try to waist his time as much as possible because you will not escape him if you are alone. Your best bet is for him to realize you are a waist of time so he will go after someone else.  If nothing else you will allow others to escape because you will buy them time. From what I'v noticed, I get just as much XP from putting up a good fight/chase with Jason as I do if I would have escaped. Plus its fun and challenging.The game does have some issues but they have been small problems that the developers should be able to fix in due time.If you love the Friday the 13th movies you will love this game. If not and you are not truly sold on the idea then I would say wait to the price comes down on it. From what Iv noticed that is what most people are upset about. But I love this game so much I purchased it from my brother and my daughter and we are all having a blast."
76561198087867356,Recommended,438740,32019151,Posted: 28 May,all,Mattricole,"If you can actually play the game, it's really friggin good. Thankfully I'm one of the very lucky few who has had very few issues, I've only been kicked from a game once or twice in all the time I've played it."
76561198008214637,Not Recommended,438740,31977337,Posted: 26 May,all,Alt-Centrist Thinker,"Quick review:Friday the 13th: The Game is a tough one. There are some genuine good things in this game. Unfortunately F13 is very unbalanced for now, which is the reason why I wouldn't recommend this game.+ Atmosphere+ Very good music+ Playing as Jason is fun+ Decent graphics+ Many counselors and Jasons to choose from.+ There's actually a purple Jason in this game, which I find hilarious.- Horrible player community: Some players leave if they weren't chosen as Jason, some players don't talk to you at all nor are cooperative I encountered one counselor who tried to kill everyone with car. Killed me and after that I was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥the rest of evening.- Bugs, bugs, bugs......: Some players apperently use some exploits to avoid Jason, so he cannot kill them. Not sure if most of them are fixed, but beware when you start to play this game. There also are some minor things, which also hurt the experience.- Very unbalanced: Jason can grab you instantly after teleporting (morph), so most of the time you are dead after he grabs you (better have those pocket knives). Can also somehow see you through his vision, even though you haven't made any noise.- A bit unstable: While game works well most of the time, it seems to crash sometimes for unknown reasons.All of these can bring the worst of you if you had a bad (unfair) experience. I've started do some of things players did before me, so devs should patch this game quickly and then everyone wouldn't get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥when losing."
76561198010714551,Recommended,438740,32789157,Posted: 25 June,all,The Chanchinator 3000,"amazing game, could use a bit of cleaning up to become one of the classics but still a fantastic game to play with a couple of friends or even by yourself if youre feeling a bit psycho"
76561198061542867,Not Recommended,438740,32019604,Posted: 28 May,all,Jake Paul Official Fan Page,"It's definatley not a good game with the little amount of polisihing in the animation and balancing department.  But has alot of potential.    At the moment Dead by Daylight which was suppoused to just be a tempoary version with this game turns out to have alot more balancing and intense moments where it's more noticeable if you made a mistake.  I really wanted to like this game but i refunded it since it is not worth the £30 ($40).   With alot of patches and added FREE content this game will get attention back to me.   It is not a finished game and should be listed as a early acess and not a finished game since the amount of bugs and balancing issues still around every corner.  I will give this game a 4/10 for now but it has the potential to get at least a 8.5/10 if that, more.   I will be keeping my eyes on this game but if the game is abandoned or paid content DLC comes into play i will give it an entire miss.  For now get Dead By Daylight and then get this after more content and patches have been added as it is currently not worth your money."
76561198067797787,Not Recommended,438740,32008800,Posted: 27 May,all,Getslayer (Friendly),"Game is pretty damn fun but I can't recommend in it's current state for the full price.... LOTS of collisions bugs, animations are way too stiff and there's definitely not enough content (1 game mode and 3 maps only).... I'm sure they will release more content and patch things up but it should definitely be released as an early acces as it is.... It's NOT a finished product by any means and I'm not paying for early access so I got a refund in the meantime (will keep an eye on it cause like I said I like the game it's pretty fun and tense and I'm a huge Friday the 13th fan)"
76561197993811238,Recommended,438740,32004584,Posted: 27 May,all,Rocinante,"The development team for this game is wonderful. They not only stay in communication on several platforms (Steam, Reddit, other forums) but they also follow up with actions. After several long nights leading up to the launch, the developers and their support staff ended up going at it again until Saturday at 3:50 PM for some solid post launch fixes. Roughly 40 hours after release, they identified and fixed several bugs. That's incredible. I hope some of the individuals who marked this game as ""not recommended"" change that around.As far as gameplay, there's some issues. Jason seems incredibly powerful. There are some bugs. But for 40 dollars, the game is cheap enough AND fun."
76561198058690117,Recommended,438740,32004487,Posted: 27 May,all,Courage,"Great game, fun to play with others. I know the game hasn't be released very long at the time I am writing this, but there are many bugs currently, so if you can get around that and give the game some time to improve I'm sure you'll love it."
76561197972492038,Recommended,438740,32001840,Posted: 27 May,all,Jane Goodall,"Unlike Dead by Daylight, the killer's actually powerful. One of the camp counselors can't 1v1 him, which is good.Teamwork and communication are really important.Best game in the genre by far."
,Recommended,438740,32213008,Posted: 5 June,all,Paleknight,"I would recommend this much better than Dead by Daylight, but could use some more maps and content. 7 out of 10. To also add another thing Jason needs a cooldown on a grapple for atleast 3 or 4 seconds his executions are alittle too fast on counselors."
,Recommended,438740,32069524,Posted: 30 May,all,Baked Koala,11/10 would drive the car all the way to Jason's shack just to♥♥♥♥♥on his mom's sweatshirt again.
76561197981712447,Recommended,438740,31970853,Posted: 26 May,all,M@LL0WPUFF,"great game, great atmosphere, can't wait to play jason. i haven't purchased a game over $40 for a long time until now and i think this is worth it.Sept 2017 - i played this game for a month but then the community went downhill and the game wasn't fun anymore and everytime i think of coming back, i'll read the posts and decide not to which is quite sad because when it's played correctly, this is a great game."
,Recommended,438740,32645190,Posted: 22 June,all,Danny,Best game I've ever played.
,Recommended,438740,32070050,Posted: 30 May,all,koefoed,Oooh JasonTell me what you're chasin'Because the night will never give you what you wantOooh JasonAnd if you can't escape itI hope you find whatever you've been looking for(Music)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IlLbj7zMxvs#t=30.700491
76561198002733141,Not Recommended,438740,32131557,Posted: 2 June,all,IDENWIHAM,"Previously I left a good review because I assumed that the developers were goin to update the release for the months that the game was sold at a full 40$ price tag. And although we had time to gauge whether or not to buy it at beta we were still under the assumption that we'd get a fully finished and polished project.At the game's current state I don't think it warrants the price and the buyer should definitely be aware of the following.>The last known update was around June 28th and it was a hotfix that didn't hammer out all of the massive bugs and exploits in the game.>The game has been out for a few months and in that time the development team has already implemented a permanent ban system and for an only multiplayer game that means one wrong step and you can be screwed out of 40$.>The last DLC was a free ""vintage"" style jason that is essentially a purple vinyl skined monstrosity with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ 8bit music. This was supposed to be an apology for the slow launch.>The developing team has already started to work on another title giving the impression that they are abandoning this title all in all.There are a multitude of exploits that both the survivors and jason can use and the game is buggy as all hell.At the current time I'm making this review on July 30th and will be tweaking the review with information based on what I see in the updates as well as the overall health of the game."
76561198291461980,Recommended,438740,32494543,Posted: 16 June,all,Vellichor,Very fun! Even played 14 hours straight
,Recommended,438740,31968995,Posted: 26 May,all,PrincessCarwash洗車姫,"*_* Gory and fun *_* It's so cool being able to explore the F13 camps :D The attention to detail is incredible, Gun Media are obviously big fans of the series and they did such a great job bringing us an F13 game worth playing! *_*"
,Not Recommended,438740,32757050,Posted: 24 June,all,Clorox-,"Good concept, terrible execution."
76561198148023817,Not Recommended,438740,32723947,Posted: 24 June,all,Cuck Master 007,i sorry to say this but the game should be 30 dollars for what you get and the game needs to make the grave less un fair because it's to easy for jason to win that way
,Recommended,438740,32232946,Posted: 6 June,all,Siminz,gave me the spooks
76561198018005456,Recommended,438740,32219464,Posted: 6 June,all,xDarkReaperx,"Even though, there isn`t a lot of content in the game yet and it has quite sometechnical problems, it`s still pretty fun and addictive!Playing as councellor is fun, especially with friends, but playing Jason is such a blast!This is definately the best Friday the 13th game experience we have so far.This game has a great foundation and lots of potential.It`s up to the devs, to keep improving this game in the future by adding more content!"
,Recommended,438740,32109066,Posted: 1 June,all,Tyemis,This game is so much fun to play. And it gets even better if you like to kill some people without getting punishment. I think this game is must have to play!
,Not Recommended,438740,34734142,Posted: 4 September,all,MightyBeard,"I liked this game, a lot, but with the recent and few updates that spanned over the last few months, it seems that they've made the game worse. Way buggier, less exciting, also after the last update I crash every time I start the game with a message that reads: ""Error 0x00** Unreal 3D HUNG"" and the game has worked fine before. So no, as it's current state I cannot recommend this game. It feels like it's plummeting and the devs seem to not know what the hell they're doing, so I'll try again around halloween. If it isn't fixed by then, I'll have no hope for this game.."
,Recommended,438740,33775009,Posted: 24 July,all,こんにちはパパ,Met my best friend in this game because I love playing games `12/10 would let my kids play
,Recommended,438740,32912450,Posted: 27 June,all,Gensys (6.9),Great game worth spending money and is very addictive
,Not Recommended,438740,33639116,Posted: 18 July,all,Xectic [SE],Mic doesn't work.
76561198166145637,Recommended,438740,32499807,Posted: 17 June,all,sharkzoomer,Got gangbanged by a group of italians for speaking french. We were all counselors.
76561197991746919,Not Recommended,438740,32029794,Posted: 28 May,all,Wesugi,"it's just awful, repetitive and boring after an hour."
,Not Recommended,438740,32030895,Posted: 28 May,all,Lily Cat,"This game is very very buggy. With game breaking critical bugs. First there is the server connection issue, it takes about 15 to 20 minutes to connect to the server. The second major critical issue is that it is common for people to crash on the loading screen with a D2D unreal engine error. The third major critical issue is that it is common for people to freeze on the countdown screen that appears after starting the match.The game is not in a stat that is playable for a lot of people. I suggest staying away from this game and waiting until more time has been put into making a quality game.  There are other issues, but these are the most serious issues and I highly suggest anyone looking to buy this to hold onto their money and wait."
76561198160096214,Not Recommended,438740,32030997,Posted: 28 May,all,HighProphet129,Bought Game release day yet to play it a single time because of servers probly best to wait people
,Not Recommended,438740,32035702,Posted: 28 May,all,WE WERE ON A BREAK,"Huge fan of Dead By Daylight, very excited to try this out. When I did the matches were very buggy and had huge problems from launch. As of the first few weeks after it came out I dont believe this game to be worth 40$....hopefully they can fix the issues and make this game run smoothly and fix issues a bit more quickly."
76561198013475550,Not Recommended,438740,32030796,Posted: 28 May,all,funkindrum,"Game is riddled with bugs, no single player, terrible menuing system and just isn't that fun. How can you delay this massively and still not get it together? I believe it will get better.. but, come on - this is still at beta level.I'll check back in 6 months.. maybe the devs will get their crap together by then. I was so excited for this game."
,Recommended,438740,32044103,Posted: 29 May,all,sabo main,"Overpriced and a lil buggy. Can become an open/close car door simulator. You will probably never escape, ever. But on the bright side if you love killing people with an iconic horror movie villian then you will love it.Either way, I will recommend Friday the 13th becuase it's ♥♥♥♥ing funny, and sometimes scary, I guess, sometimes"
,Recommended,438740,32091906,Posted: 31 May,all,Gamzky,Very fun game to play with friends
,Recommended,438740,32312707,Posted: 10 June,all,!>Webber<!,The best horror game made ever
76561198036858707,Recommended,438740,32790849,Posted: 25 June,all,gartthemage,This game might be a little buggy but it is one of my new favourite games
76561198077442097,Recommended,438740,32835091,Posted: 26 June,all,xxxCHINCHILLALORD420xxx,Great game. Loads of fun and just a few minor bugs love it
76561198143490058,Recommended,438740,32746864,Posted: 24 June,all,Hippie,I love this game. glitchy as hell at times though. We super slugged jason out of the map accidentally twice LMAO. Great fun though!!
76561198396621964,Recommended,438740,32748308,Posted: 24 June,all,daveaphoto,"This Game is fun I enjoy killing people as Jason it is a very hard but at the same time fun game.Even though there are some annoying glitches I still like the game.I think is a little to much money to pay, but 10 dollars less.You should buy this game it is a fun game that I have played for hours.Trust me you are going to have lots of fun with this amazing game.Other than those two problems,I have no problems with these game.I recommend this game. :D"
,Recommended,438740,33052764,Posted: 30 June,all,vegar the vile,"This game is so much fun.  I am really enjoying it.  It kind of reminds me of the Resident Evil Outbreak games for the PS2.  It is buggy and glitchy, but as time goes on it will improve.  $40 is a fair price for it.  It is way better and more balanced than Dead By Daylight because the survivors are more empowered to survive the killer."
,Recommended,438740,32603444,Posted: 20 June,all,Dubb,"The good: Game is super fun, and the mechanics are very smooth. I've met a lot of really cool people on this game. For a $30 game you do get a really good expierence if you are a survival horror game fan.The bad: game does lack in game modes, and some of the content can getis rather lackluster in higher levels. I know they plan on adding new content, but the base game once you hit level 31 and have everything unlocked you kind of get a lack of wanting to progess to higher levels. The clothing that can be unlocked is pretty meh.Overall: I recommend this game. For the price you will get 50+ hours of enjoyment."
,Recommended,438740,32746571,Posted: 24 June,all,Luke,"Would recommend. It is way more fun to play with friends but playing solo is also fun. Most bugs are not gamebreaking that I have experienced, and just add to the experience and make you laugh.My only complaint is that for the content right now, it is not worth $40. I would say when they add singleplayer it would be worth it."
76561198293656708,Recommended,438740,32795028,Posted: 25 June,all,Bryce Crispy,Fun game
76561198259742158,Recommended,438740,32748314,Posted: 24 June,all,Sandman,"This game is really nice, if you are a fan of that machete-wielding slasher Jason Voorhees, then you will love this game. This game has every detail correct. It may have a few glitches, but they are always fixed within a few days. Every Jason is so detailed, they have every mark and scratch to everything. They have the spine popping out of Part 7's back, they have the tool belt and the yellow gloves for Part 6, and the game makes sure everything is detailed and perfect. If you have problems with it you can usually post something on the forums and someone will assist you. I give this game 5 stars, since I have always loved the franchise, and my heart almost popped out of my chest when I heard about the release."
,Recommended,438740,32789582,Posted: 25 June,all,Saleel Al Sawarim,better dead by daylight
76561197972437581,Not Recommended,438740,32009307,Posted: 27 May,all,luckyman,worst game EVER. its like a horror SIMS expansion.. its really like SIMS....Only fun is if your jason... also jason is way to powerful in the game and really to fast.. thank god im getting my $$ back..
76561198231850516,Not Recommended,438740,32009268,Posted: 27 May,all,Deathstroke33,"I was extremely hyped for this game, but after playing for a bit im fairly dissapointed. Playing as a survivor gets quite boring real fast, as i find the balancing to be very unfair, i mean jason has unlimited stamina, x ray vision, invisibilty, and teleportation. The survivors are very underpowered by having pathetic stamina, making♥♥♥♥♥♥tons of noise so that it makes it extremely hard to hide from jason, as well as having no map at the beginning of the match. The game is only really fun playing as jason, and even when you get the chance too its so pathetically easy that it takes the joy out of it. I never thought i would say this, but i actually enjoy dead by daylight more than this. This game should be in early access with a 15 to 20 dollar pricetag, as it is by no means worth 40 dollars."
,Recommended,438740,31979102,Posted: 26 May,all,Jern,"This game was a lot better than I expected it to be. I thought it would just be another Dead by Daylight game but the maps are great, the ways to escape are the same but everything is random so finding items to escape may direct you to another escape path. This game is the most fun with friends in a private match, or online if everyone has a microphone. I RECOMMEND USING A MIC TO PLAY THIS GAME. PLEASE USE ONE. It makes the game extremely boring if you are the only one who talks in the lobby. Plus, role playing in the game is hilarious."
76561198020735707,Recommended,438740,32032597,Posted: 28 May,all,The Counterfeit Cunt (From CT),"Seeing the mixed level of reviews, I feel it's necessary to stand up for this game and say that it's not the best game in the world, but I don't think it deserves a thumbs down.Although most people probably prefer playing as Jason, I've noticed that the game does a pretty good job with creating a feeling of suspense when playing as the counselors. I appreciate the fact that the counselors have multiple options to choose from when it comes to escaping. I also love how the devs found a way to bring Tommy Jarvis back ever since his final appearence in Part 6.From a gaming perspective, I guess the most simple description for this game would be ""Dead by Daylight, Chapter 2"", but from a more serious perspective, I would have to say that this game is great for any Friday the 13th fan who has been dying to experience a night in Crystal Lake.There's no doubt that the game couold use some work in certain areas, but I don't think I've ever played a multiplayer game that is 100% perfect. When it comes to negatives, the most annoying thing about this game would be the people who join a game and instantly disconnect as soon as they realize they are not Jason.Many people have been complaining about the fact that Jason is ""overpowered"". In response to that statement, the only thing I can ever say is, ""have you seen the movies"", of course the developers had to make Jason Overpowered (it's kind of his thing).Unfortunately, the game is only multiplayer and like any multiplayer game, you have to deal with annoying communities, potential connection issues and limited replayability. But aside from all that Bull**** Friday the 13th: The Game is an enjoyable multiplayer for any TRUE fan of Friday the 13th. I can't gaurentee that you will love (or even like) this game, but you should have fun reliving Jason's glory days at Crystal Lake (even if it's just for a couple of hours)P.S: This game is better than Dead by Daylight in an innumerable amount of ways (just my opinion)"
,Recommended,438740,33102971,Posted: 1 July,all,gLukos,"Apparently it's ""Ki Ki Ki, Ma Ma Ma"". Who knew?"
76561198157499672,Recommended,438740,32857022,Posted: 27 June,all,xoxo_lilyfae_xoxo,really fun
76561198170451485,Recommended,438740,32168267,Posted: 3 June,all,guanjyn,Fun as hell.
,Recommended,438740,31966220,Posted: 25 May,all,Gothicer,"This game is legitimately terrifying and I love it. Playing a survivor is hard (at least it is for me), but it's supposed to be that way. There are so many opportunities for teamwork and ridiculous stories of (near)escapes. Also, this is the only game where I actually enjoy playing the killer. That's saying a lot from me.Rest in peace DBD."
76561198035665266,Recommended,438740,32026049,Posted: 28 May,all,JudgmentDay,You can talk♥♥♥♥♥♥to Jason as he chases you around a tree.
,Recommended,438740,32064114,Posted: 30 May,all,CovertCupcake,"While the game may be a little pricy at $40 dollars, it is an absolute blast to play and is absolutely worth it. I will say this, however. If you get salty about losing and want to win every single round you play, this game is not for you. But if you can put your enjoyment in front of your want to win, you'll love every second of this game."
,Recommended,438740,32145799,Posted: 2 June,all,nahtE乡,SERVERS ARE TOO LAG BUT THE GAME IS GOOD!
,Recommended,438740,31992151,Posted: 27 May,all,Lg | Legion,13th/10 would outplay another OP jason again
,Not Recommended,438740,31974325,Posted: 26 May,all,dokkey,"No Australian Servers, unable to find a game under 250ping... Refunded."
,Recommended,438740,32522431,Posted: 17 June,all,Zatchel,"After playing a few hours I think I can now give my honest opinion on this game up until now.Its a real fun experience, but you have to like certain kind of games to enjoy it, the game is inherently cooperative, the game is balanced in favor of Jason (just like in a  horror film). For you to enjoy this game you would have to be quite addicted to horror survival games and dont mind too much when you do get killed.Its really exciting trying to survive each round, making your way out, coordinating with survivors to fix certain things, hide, run and even risk attacking Jason (which is, in general, a bad idea specially alone).The game has bugs, glitches, some people exploiting certain things (mic spam, glitch spots, trolling people) but in general its really really damn funny, even if you find those kinds of people. Bugs are getting patched as they are reported, so I expect the game to very quite polished soon. Currently there is only 3 maps but I hope to see a couple more in the future.Being Jason is also a blast, saying one-liners while you kill the survivors and mock them is very fun. In general I would recommend getting it, specially if you want to connect with a few friends to play."
76561198256730254,Recommended,438740,32895231,Posted: 27 June,all,Random,game is so dope
76561197976733573,Not Recommended,438740,32042721,Posted: 29 May,all,Billy Zane,"This game is a blast with friends or communicating game lobbies. Unfortunately, its kind of a buggy mess right now. Im having $40 worth of fun with my friends but I fear it will get old quick with the amount of game content.  Their pricing model is a little on the high side for what they are delivering.Id wait for a more robust product."
76561197989850043,Recommended,438740,32547600,Posted: 18 June,all,Tonkatsu,"This is hand down one of the best multiplayer experiences I have ever had.  If you are looking for insta-action insta-respawn, this is not your game.  But if you like being rewarded for being smart and working as a team with communication (counselors), or getting great at map and objective awareness and defense (Jason), then you will love this game.  Too many people are complaining about how Jason is overpowered, but it just takes a little bit of coordination and luck and you can easily escape and/or take him out.  People fail to realize this is an objective game and not a killing game.  Once you start playing towards the objectives the game becomes a lot of fun. Would pay $40 again 10/10 and look forward to the new maps and Jasons that will be coming out."
,Recommended,438740,32025743,Posted: 28 May,all,kaanbOi,"I've been waiting for the game for SO LONG. It finally arrived.I mean the ambience is seriosly good which makes the gameplay fun, I know there are many bugs in the game right now, and I believe they will be fixed soon, so it's not a good time to complain about the bugs on the first day of release.I personally like the game a lot as I love the movie franchise, and the gameplay was so much fun apart from those bugs. They can be gamebreaking, but as I said we gotta give it some time.Playing as Jason is ACTUALLY REALLY FUN which I didn't expect, because I never liked seeking which felt boring and like everyone else is teaming and you are there alone, by yourself. Jason has many different killing animations which makes the game unique and even more fun. I really like being Jason. Also Pamela Voorhees' dead body which comes from Part II is a really good place to start a match :DOverall, I seriously like the game, the single player mode will come in a short time and it makes me so happy. After some time, the game will be playable, without gamebreaking bugs. You should just have fun with what you have right now."
,Recommended,438740,31968636,Posted: 26 May,all,e6r6i6c,"(Update after almost 20hours playtime)Still enjoying the game, it got even more fun when I found out how the fear mechanic works, and I have escaped a lot of times now. I hope the defs don't listen to all the jason nerf threads because it should be difficult to escape him. Still a big thumbs up from me.(Original review)If you like horror movies, if you like asymmetrical games, then you will love this game. For fans of the Friday the 13th movies, this is a must buy. But be warned, you will die very often, cause Jason is a killing machine.#Graphics are great, nothing special, but the atmosphere of the game is excelent. And the level design is awesome, you really feel like you are in one of the movies. The motion capure looks great, but the character animations are a bit of.#The sounds and music are also very good, the tunes ripped straight out of the movies really keep you on the edge of your seat,  while scaning your surroundings looking for Jason.# Controlls. I have only played with mouse and keyboard, and there is no way to change them, the default settings work just fine, I had no reason to change any of the keybindings, but they should add the option to change keybindings.# Gameplay, As jason kill everyone, as a counceler try to escape, you have multiple ways to escape, fix a car or a boat, call the cops, or even kill Jason. The overall gameplay is pretty straight forward, but it works, and it's more fun then repeating the same objectives everytime (looking at you DBD)# Matchmaking, is working fine for me at the moment, I can find games fast, and I had no disconnects at my end.# Replayability. Endless if you like the theme, if you have some friends to play this game you can have a hell of a good time, there are plenty of unlocks, different versions of Jason, and different counselers and costumes.I Give it a thumbs up :D"
,Recommended,438740,31970137,Posted: 26 May,all,Moxxilicious,"This isn't a review as much as it is just my own opinion.This game is amazingly well done, easily rivaling the likes of Dead By Daylight (Another favourite of mine) it's good to see the horror genre done so much justice even in this day and age, well done devs."
,Not Recommended,438740,31977148,Posted: 26 May,all,Mr.RoBoT,"There is no actual tutorial or no solo mode to learn it by yourself. Instead, I have to join multiplayer mode and getting killed by people who had earlier experience on the beta in 1 mintue without getting to chance to learn anything, which is frustrating."
,Recommended,438740,31977567,Posted: 26 May,all,Vikenzo,noice
76561198079314787,Recommended,438740,31992873,Posted: 27 May,all,Mr.Banana Grabber,"Even though this store page may not say so this game is in very very early stages. With that being said this game is very good aswell it is very fun, Gun games plan to make DLC and a single player mode all reviews from llauch are a bit meh as this game was not made to have as many people who bought the game so servers were down.Get this game now for fun.Get it later for more content.If you like the movie then own this game already."
76561198058773212,Recommended,438740,32007682,Posted: 27 May,all,Doctor Bad Dragon,"For years Ive wanted a great Friday the 13th and after playing for a few hours I can say that this is it!(Be aware I will compare this to Dead by Daylight since it shares a lot of simularities)Cons:-$40 is a bit much for this game considering DbD is $20, and they both are multiplayer only-It can be really repetitive since there are currently only 3 or so maps-The face models on the survivors look.. very cartoony which is kinda off putting (though ♥♥♥♥ing hilarious)Pros:-The fact you can play as various Jasons makes the inner Friday the 13th nerd in me cry (ditto with Tom Savini's involvement)-The Maps and Jason look absolutely beautiful, it looks straight out of the movies-Matchmaking doesnt take nearly as long as DbD, and it actually had a party system at launch-Knocking Jason flat on his♥♥♥♥♥with a pipe wrench is also really funny and being able to fight back makes it enjoyable to be a survivorOverall this game is absolutely amazing for fans of the films, but unfortunatly the price tag is a bit much for people who just want a multiplayer horror game and even still its alot more fun than Dead by Daylight."
76561197998778232,Recommended,438740,32889232,Posted: 27 June,all,Jewben,You kill innocent teenagers
,Recommended,438740,32115636,Posted: 1 June,all,Dank Hill,One of the best games of it's genre I've ever played would stab again I tell you what  11/10
,Recommended,438740,32119281,Posted: 1 June,all,poptart,me and jason got some beef
76561198353173395,Recommended,438740,32331481,Posted: 10 June,all,CannibalisticInfant,"Everything about the game is great... except the fact of how the achievements don't work for me. This is the first game I've ever had this problem with, would love this fixed."
,Not Recommended,438740,31984109,Posted: 26 May,all,KreatorB,"SO I purchase the game I have been waiting for years now and only to find out I can not play it as it says server login failed and I should check internet connectivity... Strange as I just finished downloading and installing it. What makes it worse is I can not even play in offline mode as all the options are greyed out! So what can I say other then WAIT! See if the game devs get it all sorted out. Hopefully I will then be able to share a more positive review of the so called killer GAME!So one day later and the Devs delivered, the game is now working! I am still torn and going to give a thumbs down only cause we are limited to options. So let me say this, the game one liners from the movies are awesome, the graphics are great with the exceptions of some of the character expressions. And the music is well done. But the Game cost 40$ and only give you 3 map options and nothing more. At the moment single player is not part of it and in due time may be. Personally the game will be very repetative, but this is not a bad thing. So watch some video gameplay before throwing money at this one. Either way, HAPPY Hunting!Since my last update, I posted that all worked. But it seems that after another game update the database is down again. I have since asked for a refund as the headaches are not worth the trouble with this GAME, My RECOMMENDATION IS FULLY, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!"
76561198166209420,Recommended,438740,32021602,Posted: 28 May,all,Mr.Drakanator(Ekardo),This game is certainly not perfect. Right now it has a somewhat lack of content for 40 bucks. However this game is simply one not for everyone. You have to like the slower pace of it and the more patience required in order to enjoy it. I would say you have the slightest skepticism of this game then wait until it has more content until you buy it. For me even in its current state I highly reccomend it.
,Recommended,438740,31984587,Posted: 26 May,all,3mpty,servers are not good in this game but really good experience so far but i am really sad on how their launch started DAMN CONSOLES
,Recommended,438740,32433812,Posted: 15 June,all,Apex Lycan,A really fun game if you're a fan of the film franchise as well as asymmetrical multiplayer games.
,Not Recommended,438740,32826145,Posted: 26 June,all,eeer e,It's basically everyone takes their turn winning
,Recommended,438740,32570451,Posted: 19 June,all,Chelbee ☆ﾐ,Super fun to play with friends!
76561197972437350,Recommended,438740,32010527,Posted: 27 May,all,Big Bad Booty Daddy,"This game is so fun, that's really all I can say. Jason is OP for sure, but it's meant to be that way, and it's definitely not impossible to survive. You have to play Counselors to their strengths and be very strategic in everything you do. Teamwork is also essential, as is having a mic. I've already had a number of good laughs in this game, one round I was getting chased by Jason when I see my teammates driving down the road in a 4 seater car. They blew right past me, and I hear one of them go ""....so, we going to have sex after this?"" and two seconds later I got axed down and laughed my♥♥♥♥♥off at how ridiculous the situation was.Some bugs and what not need to be worked out, but all in all the game is working very well for me."
,Recommended,438740,32317431,Posted: 10 June,all,Wilno,This is the best survival and horror game. all movies awensome and the game is awensome to. I love it
,Recommended,438740,32230645,Posted: 6 June,all,~Kisa~,Fun game once I got it fixed
,Recommended,438740,33214240,Posted: 3 July,all,FunkyTheDingo,Worked with other counselors to fix the carFound the keysStarted the car3 counselors piled inStarted driving towards the exitStatic appeared and Squeeker Jason teleported onto the road laughingDrove off the road to dodge JasonSqueeker Jason started screaming very loudlyDrove to the exitLeft Squeeker Jason10/10 would juke Squeeker Jason again
,Recommended,438740,32398668,Posted: 13 June,all,Mayro,Teamwork makes the dream work.
76561198160396786,Recommended,438740,32522231,Posted: 17 June,all,Legoloss,♥♥♥♥♥tones of fun
,Recommended,438740,32039056,Posted: 29 May,all,Guppie > Lime,"fun game, especially if you play with friends"
,Recommended,438740,32359793,Posted: 12 June,all,72 sucks,double wowza!
,Recommended,438740,32113666,Posted: 1 June,all,Stickells54,"The game works fine now. Has a few bugs here and there. These people complaining should try having fun instead of trying to grind out all the XP and unlocks. It's $40 but if the price really upsets you that bad, maybe you should be working more hours instead of playing video games. $40 isn't a lot of money and people are so upset at mainly the cost of the game. Overall it's pretty fun and I definitely got my 40$ out of it just a few hours into it."
,Recommended,438740,31967223,Posted: 26 May,all,Luka Ray,This game so fun to play and it gives the feeling like you're in a Friday The 13th movie ! The graphics and gameplay are very good. It's a fun horror game if you're a fan of Jason Voorhees ! The only negative about this game is that you can't change key bindings. But I think it will be implemented soon ! I think that it's worth a buy !
,Recommended,438740,32113159,Posted: 1 June,all,Daenerys Targaryen,Nice game but the repeating download of the 1.9 GB is infuriating.All in all 10/10 must buy.
,Recommended,438740,32073943,Posted: 30 May,all,ShannonMangleAmpora,"It's a great and fun way to mess around with friends and make new ones, although it can be intense sometimes, Overall it's extremely, awesomely great! I give it a thumbs up for a game that's worth playing."
76561198207778837,Recommended,438740,32423249,Posted: 14 June,all,Rodisical skinhub.com,So this game is absolutely awesome it has feature from the movie and even a new jason. It even has a virtual cabin (which s only available if you did something in backerkit) and has a easter egg in it so look out cause jason is gonna kill you!
,Recommended,438740,32074710,Posted: 30 May,all,Nikki_Putin,"It appeases to both long time fans of the franchise, as well as those who favor the fun cooperative surival gamesThere are still some issues present, and I'm not referring to performance issues, because in PC gaming, they're way too frequent.Though I don't have any on my current rigi5-7600k @3.80GTX10508 RAMAll playing at stable 70 on high at 1920x1080Though when getting into deep vegetation areas, it tends to drop down to 55 at lowestThese issues are just minor disbalances, but they're not game breakingThere are also some well known by now exploit bugs, which I hope will be fixed rather soon.It's fun, it appeals with nostalgia, and particulary in Russia, it's at amazing price of $10Oh it is also the best in terms of performance game I ever played on UE4"
,Recommended,438740,32074386,Posted: 30 May,all,Pussy Magnet,"It a really good game. For example there are a lot of stuff that you can do to escape, you could even kill Jason. Not like in dead by daylight. If you want more from dead by dead by daylight , i would recommend buying the game."
76561198259069255,Recommended,438740,32329332,Posted: 10 June,all,Gman3004,"great game but ive gottin a few achievements thats i didnt get because i did them already like i didnt get... ""Friday driver, Doomed you're all doomed!, first blood, & its friday the 13th"" but not to be rude but fix the achievements so that i can earn them & play nicely -Thanks!"
,Recommended,438740,33122953,Posted: 2 July,all,Horizon_Creepy,very gud
,Recommended,438740,32355902,Posted: 11 June,all,TurboSoggy,this game is worth the 40.00 for the people you match up with alone.
,Not Recommended,438740,32032257,Posted: 28 May,all,james.franco,"Pros belowIt's the 80'sGood soundsGood graphicsGameplay fun on both sidesNice♥♥♥♥♥Jason Voorhees doesn't have to force his victims onto hooks and he's hard to take downCons belowThey remove teamkilling cause snowflakes cried when they got shot for being a disease (after saying it's a part of the game)They ban people for stuff other than cheatingUh, no nudityhttp://steamcommunity.com/id/yourwaifuisshitdesu/recommended/438740?tscn=1502415161proof of nazi devs"
,Not Recommended,438740,31983557,Posted: 26 May,all,Jakey,"Wow, the Devs have pretty much abandoned this game. Ive heard there working on this H1Z1 clone right now. The game right now is burning to the ground and players are leaving but the developers are to ignorant to see that. Its sad to see such a good idea be wasted on amatuer developers that just abandon the game. Friday the the 13th feels like some shotty cash grab considering that its 40$.Now people really don't care about it now but hopefully soon the developers stop swimming in there preorder and early purchase money and see how jacked up the game is and start listening to the playerbase.They even started Perma-banning people for insulting little troll-kids and anyone in general. The devs have blocked anyone off of the steam discussion page that doesn't have the game. Anyone who messes with their friends gets a nice fat perma-ban too.The content of this game is really bare-bones. Not a lot to do except run around and die or maybe escape. I think there is 3 maps (IDK if they added more) and a few characters/Jasons.Just don't buy this game, you will more then likely be very dissapointed and you will be giving 40 more dollars to fill up the devs money pool. Go buy Dead by daylight, they listen to the community and have a nice collection of maps along with some survivors and cosmetics and killers. They even added back storys to all the survivors and killers. Overall Dead by daylight is way better than this terrible cash grab. 40$ down the drain...."
,Recommended,438740,32314491,Posted: 10 June,all,Nano #TeamStar #TeamJerma,"Very obviously needs some polish, but bugs aside the game is really really fun! The discussion board might mislead poeple to think the game is full of very mean individuals, but from what I've played people are funny, kind, and willing to work with you. I wouldn't expect this every game, but the griefing and whatnot isn't nearly as common as some might lead you to believe.You'll die a lot, but those moments when you win make you feel like you're on top of the world."
76561198193672175,Recommended,438740,32030391,Posted: 28 May,all,Crazy4madness,I strongly recomend this game due to the fact that the community is really nice and friendly not like other comunities (lol). This game is fun to play with friends and making friends on this game is really easy. However I do advise you to have a mic to really enjoy the game and to speak English as the main language. the game had some bugs but i trust that the developers are working on fixing the issues.
76561198058500407,Recommended,438740,32160528,Posted: 3 June,all,Powerjake,"It's a very fun game to play with people that speak your language, people with mics, people who are your friends, and stuff like that.  (all these russians and chinese people are starting to get on my nerves)The game had a horrible ♥♥♥♥ing release, and my two best friends couldn't even play the game with me for a full day because of the database login faliure ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Other then that, I have been playing non stop and I already think it's better then DBD."
,Not Recommended,438740,32625776,Posted: 21 June,all,Biggest Boy Hellcase.com,"This game was fun at first but then as you play then it gets boring, the glitches and bugs are bad. You get stuck and the hit boxes are screwed up get your♥♥♥♥♥♥fixed Illfonic (even though you supposedly had a update to get ""rid"" of the bugs), and is a huge waste of 40$ that i can't get back because of steams ♥♥♥♥♥♥ 2 hour play time policy. DO NOT BUY. My money could have been much better spent. Great job IllFonic. It has been noted to not buy another game from you."
,Recommended,438740,31988056,Posted: 26 May,all,Goolz,Amazing game if you're interested in the genre.Remember that campaign is going to be added for free soon + it's an amazing and well done game.Well worth it.
,Recommended,438740,32056847,Posted: 29 May,all,VIIIAxel,"(First Impressions Review - Going to revise/rewrite as I get more experience with the game)Friday the 13th: The Game has been one of the most anticipated horror games in years, and it's easy to see why. Being based off of an iconic film franchise, the game had high expectations from many gamers and horror fans alike. With the initial server meltdown now solved, I can say that it certainly lives up to the hopes of fans while also creating a fresh take on a genre that's been seeing a renaissance after a period of being fairly stale. The game is a carefully-crafted love letter to both Friday the 13th and the slasher genre as a whole, and while I personally don't have much experience with the film franchise the game is based off of, I can see how much work was put into making it the most authentic interactive slasher experience yet.The premise of the game is fairly simple: seven counselors all have to team up or work on their own to escape one of three maps. The main aspect that makes the game so interesting is the fact that an eighth player takes control of the iconic Jason Voorhees and tries to kill all of the other players before they can escape. Asymmetrical multiplayer is certainly nothing new (Evolve and Dead by Daylight both being prominent examples), but Friday the 13th finds a near-perfect balance between the two teams. While Jason is incredibly powerful, an organized team or even one skilled player can still overcome the odds and escape his grasp. While Jason has many different ways to slaughter the competition, the counselors also have multiple ways of escaping, which helps to keep each round feel unique and fun. In addition, while the three maps have constant layouts, the placement of important objects are randomized each game. It's important for this type of game to not get stale from similar matches, and Friday the 13th does an excellent job of keeping players on their toes.Another incredibly important aspect of an online game is the community, and so far, it's a very pleasant group. While there are a few people who try to cause trouble for other players, most players are friendly and eager to help the other campers, with many helping to distract Jason so the others can escape. This is the type of game where you're likely to make a few friends just through playing public matches given how much you'll be cooperating and how great the community is. Of course, you can also do private matches with friends or form a party to go into public servers with players on your friend list, but playing public games is exciting and absolutely worth trying.It should be noted that the game does have a bit of a learning curve, but that it doesn't take long to figure out how to survive games as the counselors. There are a couple of in-game tutorials to help teach some mechanics (I played the beta last December so I didn't watch these and can't say much about them), but it's also easy to learn through playing the game and talking with other players. As powerful as Jason is, I've managed to escape in many of my games as a counselor. Jason's easy to play as given his power, but a skilled player who uses both his/her chosen counselor's abilities and perks along with cooperation can still win many games. The progression system feels a little slow (And mostly unlocks just costumes past level 31), but unlocking new characters and costumes is still exciting. In addition, perks and kill animations can both be bought with CP, or customization points: perks are rolled at random, making it fun to see what abilities you can gain while also keeping the game from being focused on a few particularly helpful perks.In addition to the many gameplay mechanics mentioned above, many other aspects of the game also show the hard work and dedication of the small development team. The maps are recreations of locations from the first few films in the franchise with additional creative liberties taken, but many of the notable and iconic locations are all present. The character designs feel like they're straight out of one of the original movies as well, and while some animations are a little stiff, the characters are still a fun and colorful bunch. The music is carefully crafted and feels like it was taken straight out of one of the movies as well, with tense chase music and some rock tunes complimenting the mood and general tone of the game. It's very clear that Illfonic and Gun wanted to make this the best product they possibly could, and they've proven that it's been worth the wait for this game. While Dead by Daylight paved the way for asymmetrical slasher games, Friday the 13th has advanced the genre and I'm excited to see the future for both this game and the genre as a whole!Pros:+Fun asymmetrical multiplayer that's well balanced for the most part+Both sides are fun to play+Multiple objectives and randomized elements keep each round interesting+Plenty of customization options for both teams+Each character feels unique and viable for different situations+Incredible detail in regards to connections to the original films+Great environments and music+A great community that's a joy to play withCons:-Level progression is mostly cosmetic-focused past level 31, diminishing the excitement of leveling up-Most costumes are just color/pattern swaps of the default clothes-While the maps are large and have random elements, there are only three in total-The game still has a number of bugs to work out, though most don't negatively impact the player-Animations are a little stiffTentative score: 8/10"
,Recommended,438740,32031086,Posted: 28 May,all,Supplenipples McGee,"Is this game buggy and glitchy?  Sure.  Is it the insanely fun survival horror co-op asymmetrical game we thought it was going to be?  HELL YES.  I would say it is even more fun than my expectations.  So please FFS give them a little time to get this right.  Show me ONE asymmetrical game that didn't start out this way.  ONE.  Stop being such crybabies people, AT LEAST they are keeping us in the loop with what is going on AND working around the clock to fix it."
,Recommended,438740,32520879,Posted: 17 June,all,macwest316,Takes me back to the original movies. Well worth the money. I have enjoyed this game very much!
76561198000979236,Recommended,438740,32094427,Posted: 31 May,all,Pat,Tons of fun
,Not Recommended,438740,32385663,Posted: 13 June,all,Minicliff13,"Fun if you can actually get into a game, but that's incredibly hard if not impossible to do."
76561198067219045,Recommended,438740,33267713,Posted: 5 July,all,HalfPint,F-ullN-oose
,Recommended,438740,33271016,Posted: 5 July,all,Killshot,Really fun and addicting game where you can force people to sing dance and bark like a dog to live 10/10 would jason again
76561198071676952,Recommended,438740,32281059,Posted: 8 June,all,SkyKelley,Fun game. A bit buggy but I'm confident they can be worked out. If it ever goes on sale dont even hesitate. If you've seen the movies you will really appreciate the map design.
,Recommended,438740,32655457,Posted: 22 June,all,Twitch.tv/lolobranco,"Bug bug bug bug bug bug bug bug... bug interaction, bug cenario, bug all the time, bug a lot. But I love this game."
,Recommended,438740,32069074,Posted: 30 May,all,TheSpasianKid,"Literally this game is so so so fun!!!!!! Although there are complaints of the game crashing, ITS NOT THE DEVS FAULT YOUR COMPUTER IS♥♥♥♥♥ I have a GTX 1070 I7 6700 and it ran flawlessly since it came out! The game does get boring but the people never do. Hopefully there will be a ton of DLC. I GIVE IT A 10/10!"
,Recommended,438740,32479672,Posted: 16 June,all,Stinkbug,Buy it when it's 50% off.
76561198351861526,Recommended,438740,32838673,Posted: 26 June,all,Castiel,"Very Amazing, very easy to get addicted. 10/10 would suggest"
,Recommended,438740,32109281,Posted: 1 June,all,danhawthorne,"Most of the negative reviews are due to messy servers at launch, however they have since been updated thanks to the hard work of the developers.Pros:+ Very fun to play+ Good community of gamers, some people are so funny on mic+ Challenging enough to make it hard to survive but not so hard that you die every game+ Graphics are really good, nice sense of realism+ Plenty of tools at your disposal, I like that you can actually defend yourself in this game compared to Dead By Daylight where you're almost completely helplessCons:- Gameplay is sometimes a bit repetitive, I often spawn close to Jason at the start of the match which means I die first- To get your XP points you have to wait till the end of the match which can take as long as 20 minutes, however it can be fun to watch other people survive so it's not a huge drawback- Unless it's been fixed since I last played it, achievements don't work properly, but I'm sure this will be fixed soon so I'm not too bothered at the moment- Only 3 levels and they're all the sameOn the whole, very good game, could maybe be a tad cheaper for lack of content but it's still very much worth a go if you're into this type of game."
,Recommended,438740,32188449,Posted: 4 June,all,Drew,"Ignore all the haters, it is a solid game if your into this kind of stuff but yes there are few things that need to be fixed that can easily be fixed in a patch and they have already fixed a lot of the stuff anyway so thumbs up!"
,Recommended,438740,32187962,Posted: 4 June,all,Lizzard,"Fun game, give it a try!"
76561198306628649,Not Recommended,438740,31993290,Posted: 27 May,all,Ash 'BOOMSTICK' Williams,"Do not buy until they resolve the server issues. You will be spending $40 USD to not be able to play the game. The 2 hours I've played it were fun, but I think Jason may have killed the dev's."
,Recommended,438740,32649331,Posted: 22 June,all,jaKKerin0W ',INSANE GAME
76561198019094058,Recommended,438740,32311611,Posted: 10 June,all,Spoderman,"Alright, Game had a good portion of the major fixes.  I have to say this game is very challenging as well as insanely addicting.  This game is not built around everyone escaping the match, that all depends on how the person controlling Jason plays and how the councelors work together.  You will need a mic in order to have good team communication it is the back bone to survival.  You will not be Jason every round unless you host private matches and have everyone set their preference to councelor.  Game has a high learning curve for survival as well.  The forums are exploding with people who refuse to learn and adapt and demand nerfs of Jason.  Like darksouls... You Will Die.  But do everything in your power to fight till your last breath.  Great game to play with friends and you can join quick match lobbies with up to 9 people.  actually pretty decent community, a few trolls/exploiters/team killers from time to time but overall I have no regrets for paying 40$ for this game, hell... I have played for over 100 hours.  Honestly worth investing your time into, I hope this helps people that are on the fence."
,Recommended,438740,32101271,Posted: 31 May,all,nazgull2k1,"This is MILES better than DbD bug fest of window exploiting♥♥♥♥♥♥Seriously.  A little spit and polish and this will be a staple amongst gamers.The REALLY sad part is, a massive amount of the negative reviews are people crying about the price tag.  Nothing bad about the game.. just ""oh the price is too high!""Its called the Steam Refund, or, even better, dont buy it and wait for a sale you whiny bunch of ungrateful Trumptards.Take a chance, buy it.. play it for a bit, refund it if you dont like it and move on.  That simple.Bunch of crybaby snowflakes I swear to gawd."
76561198091302142,Recommended,438740,32148763,Posted: 3 June,all,Hugh Jackman,"This is a good game, but because it is a new game. So there are many vulnerabilities. The server is also unstable, but this is a good game. With subsequent optimization, the game should be a classic game, so it's worth buying"
,Recommended,438740,32144022,Posted: 2 June,all,Hillo,Great Game.My Only Problem is... MAKE IT SO AUSSIES PLAY ON AUSSIE SERVERS PLEASE.
,Recommended,438740,32059645,Posted: 30 May,all,Sharp,"Bought this game 14 hours ago, haven't stopped playing it since. Enough said?Seriously though, this game is fantastic for the following reasons:- Solo queueing in quickplay is a pleasent experience, mainly due to the fact that the community is here to have fun.(Sure you will still get the bad eggs every now and then, but the good eggs make up for it 100x over)- Quick and easy fun, load it up and hop into a game and instantly you're having fun. What more could you ask for?- Jason is an amazing experience, playing as him is wonderfully satisfying.- Survivors are incredibly challenging but rewarding to play, you eventually get good at juking Jason and stunning him and it makes the game much easier.- Perks add great depth to the game, I can't wait for them to add even more perks then there already is to make certain builds more viable.- Every match is different, it really is a refreshed thrilling experience each time.- Like I said earlier, if your friends don't own the game yet then solo queueing is incredibly fun still.- I'm probably forgetting some stuff, as i've been up for over 14 hours playing this game.- Very easy to make new friends in this game. Experience a fun round with a certain lobby? Add em up!Cons:- First and foremost, the PRICE! $40 is very steep for a game like this, if they dropped it to $30 it would seem more reasonable. That being said, I am very glad I decided to take a gamble with this purchase because it has provided me with some amazing fun. $40 is steep for being an indie game.- Maps/Killers, this is a little knitpicky. As this is an indie game afterall and I feel this generation of gamers is simply spoiled by the amount of content AAA titles provide us these days, but there's a lack of maps/killers for the price tag. This is something that can change with future updates/dlc.- The severe rarity of being a killer, you will find yourself suffering from killer withdrawals in between killer procs, I wish there was a way to be killer more often but there simply isn't. It seems that's just how it is, because I can't think of a way they could improve this as everyone would want to queue as killer and survivor roles would be increasingly difficult to fill."
76561198325835588,Recommended,438740,32119799,Posted: 1 June,all,Axiom,I have had more laughs and more memorable game matches with this game than with others. Coming from a F13 die hard fan I highly recommend this game to anybody who is having doubts. See you out on the lake!
76561198169464051,Recommended,438740,32150712,Posted: 3 June,all,♆ Fiona/Sweetincu ♆,I was waiting for it so long and it's great! I love it and I'm curious how it process! 🥝
,Recommended,438740,31977380,Posted: 26 May,all,Knightygon,the game we've all been waiting for. nuff said.
,Recommended,438740,32631027,Posted: 21 June,all,RyanTheDarkOne,Best game ever.
,Recommended,438740,32980195,Posted: 29 June,all,Koba,Gud stuff mang
,Recommended,438740,32922430,Posted: 28 June,all,✯Krabs,Very Good game but sometimes it crashes between a game but afterall a fun game to play.
76561198089788463,Recommended,438740,32002091,Posted: 27 May,all,Kaeby,"People need to realize this game is brand new there are maximum 30 people working on it, Gun Media is not a big company whatsoever.I've been reading up on a lot of social media things about the game and frankly a lot of you are immature about this whole thing, as soon as they post something I see people saying ""♥♥♥♥ YOU GUN MEDIA EAT♥♥♥♥♥♥AND ♥♥♥♥ING DIE!"" like holy♥♥♥♥♥♥grow the ♥♥♥♥ up go back to your moms basement and play with your ♥♥♥♥ing puddy till the patches come."
,Recommended,438740,32081066,Posted: 31 May,all,SnarlyTrain,"I thought it was cool, there are a lot of stuff i love about the game, and stuff i don't.My rating: 7/10I hope they add some more stuff and fix some bugs."
76561198046888038,Recommended,438740,32911329,Posted: 27 June,all,Dr.Plague,This game is like anal. It's messy and a bit of a weird adventure. Yet once you've done it with friends you can't get enough
76561198021807883,Recommended,438740,31997944,Posted: 27 May,all,Rapid Railgun,"This game taught me I'm better at killing than surviving.I find this game really addicting and tense whether you're playing Jason or the counselors. One game I had was nothing but strategy and mind games.I was Jason and found a group of counselors holed up in a cabin. I immediately destroyed the windows. I then heard someone yell in their mic ""he's trapping us in. Get ready!""I then broke the door down, stepped on a bear trap, and got pounded with bats. However, these were not the jock characters (meaning they were tickling♥♥♥♥♥♥rather than harming), so I broke out of the trap, grabbed the closest most unlucky fellow, and introduced his back to a sharp coat hanger.This is an example of a lot of moments you'll have in this game. People complain that Jason is OP, but he is supposed to be. When you survive you really feel like you've beaten the odds and it's amazing. Counselors really have to rely on teamwork and communication.There are bugs though. At times controlling the counselors can be bulky and difficult. Closing a door with you on the safe side is the first thing that pops into my mind. Next, I've seen Tommy spawns not work. The model would be standing in the map then vanish. And animations can be janky at times. Steam achievements don't unlock (They're now starting to but not fully). And players can leave the game, ruining a perfect victory chance for Jason ex: 7/7 players. One leaves so then if Jason wins it'll be 6/7 killed. This even happens if the player who left was killed, which happens a lot cause once you're dead you either spectate or cross your fingers and hope you spawn as Tommy. You also do not get rewarded until the game ends. So if you die early you're stuck watching other players play. I personally didn't​ mind it but it's worth noting.This game could use more modes as well. I want a slow paced mode where Jason can take his time and stalk the players. What about some sort of timed match where players must survive for say 20 minutes until the police arrive? Or maybe a mode where the intro cutscene doesn't show Jason killing a counselor and it just starts as a normal night. Players who are counselors get XP boosts for doing things the characters in the movies did ex: Party, drink, etc. and the Jason player shows up and attacks of his own volition. Just random examples.I also think it would be cool if for some cabins Jason could go underneath them and stab into the floors like he did in the 2009 remake.Customization is great. You can get new kill moves for Jason and perks  that have strengths and weaknesses. With Jason you purchase kill moves and each Jason comes with his own strengths and weaknesses. These Jasons are from multiple movies. My favorite being Part 6. Counselors get random dice rolls for perks and you can edit their clothing. Each counselor comes with stats as well that affect their stealth, strength, etc.There are also some really cool easter eggs and actions you can perform in the map as well. For example if you happen to stumble upon Jason's shack you can wear his mothers sweater and talk him down. (I played as a female counselor. I doubt this works with male ones). ♥♥♥♥♥♥like that is awesome.I love this game. But it has problems. I do not think it's worth $40. More like $20. But some Single Player content is supposed to drop soon. This includes offline bots and story missions. Hopefully those allow you to level up and customize as well."
,Recommended,438740,31998017,Posted: 27 May,all,Frothy Gouch,You got to have a bick♥♥♥♥♥♥to play this game.
76561198085939539,Recommended,438740,32039480,Posted: 29 May,all,MacKenus,"Despite the very rocky launch, the annoying glitches, and only 3 maps to play on. I never had so much fun playing a PvP game. I find myself not able to stop playing.The developing team seems to be working as hard as they can to get things in worker order. I really hope they do. This game has a lot of potential IMO.I recommend this game to all. If you are a Friday the 13th buff like myself. I highly recommend you play it.Last but not least. Just be patient and your fingers crossed for all the fixes."
,Recommended,438740,32161846,Posted: 3 June,all,AWildGengar,"Granted, I'll start off with YES. This game isn't as ""polished"" as people may prefer. But taking into consideration where this game actually comes from and how quickly the developers have been responding to the issues being voiced and seen it is WELL WORTH IT.If you are a Friday The 13th fan, enjoy multiplayer, working with strangers and or friends, this game is for you. I bought this game 2-3 days after release and have not experienced any issues that would deem this unplayable or unenjoyable. I've survived matches and have been killed. Personally, I don't quite understand the crying about Jason being ""OP"". He does have a sort of teleportation pro, but in all honesty I've gone entire matches without it happening to me even once. Out of 10 matches I've died directly because of that, 2/10 times maybe.You can kill Jason, and you can fight him off or stun him. Machete does wonders, I've escaped this way quite a few times. So Jason is definitley NOT sooooo OP that it's pointless to play. At least in my gameplay, flares and defense items aren't impossible to come by. You definitley have a fighting chance. It's a bit of a challenge at first, but it's easy to get the hang of it and it's alot of fun! Highly reccomend, plus $40 for multiplayer and a coming single player? When will you find that for $40? So get it now if you're interested. This game is only going to get better from here."
,Recommended,438740,32162879,Posted: 3 June,all,nBear,"Jason is supposed to be OP, very fun, good community, especially fun to play w/friends"
,Recommended,438740,31970460,Posted: 26 May,all,Mikey4025,"The game is great fun, well designed and worth the price.  This game was a long time in the making for any true horror fan!"
,Recommended,438740,32223275,Posted: 6 June,all,✪ T.,"Definately not worth 40€Yeah, it's good game, but you pay 40€ for one game mode, few Jasons, few Counselors, three maps and a looot of bugs, i mean, a lot of bugs. Devs should fix this game ASAP, or it dies very fast.I enjoyed playing this game, but bugs are annoying AF."
76561197965685846,Not Recommended,438740,32011475,Posted: 27 May,all,Draggo,"Untill they fix this game, I cannot explain how frustraiting it is to buy a game for $40 and not even be able to play custom games with friends!DATABASE LOGIN FAILURE...THE GAME!!!"
,Recommended,438740,32246496,Posted: 7 June,all,Tea,"My only complaints are consistently high ping and no region server browser.Yes, the bugs and the broken shift-grab and the ridiculous grab range are annoying, but at the moment, it's a really fun and tense game, even if you already know what to do. Maybe in 50 hours I'll get number to the tension, but probably not."
,Recommended,438740,32515754,Posted: 17 June,all,Tronic,"Amazing game, keeps you on your toes especially in runs and continuous window jumping from house to house. Met many awesome people whilst playing this game. However the game still has bugs which are easily described as annoying and funny, they do not fault the game in one bit. The game is progressing throughout each update and eventually will be stable for full enjoyment of all. In my opinion the game is already addicting, and most certainly entertaining. That being said, I'd say the game is worth full price, not to mention when singleplayer mode is released also with most likely much more to offer. Couple of days ago I was killing people with an axe, then I got myself stuck playing F13 for roughly 10 hours. Might just get as many hours as my gmod did, ermm.."
76561198119827963,Recommended,438740,32077208,Posted: 30 May,all,dalekmaster123,Fun and enjoyable has its flaws but over all you can see the time and effort spent in this game
,Not Recommended,438740,32019207,Posted: 28 May,all,Fresh_Apple,"As the game is right now i can't suggest you to buy it. It has major gliches, like progress restarts ( All of my progress was gone after i restarted the game). And achievement gliches, im the kind of guy that likes to collect them, but its not possible at the moment since u do the required thing like (play one match as the counselor in multiplayer match). Also the gameplay is dull after a while it just gets boring just becouse there is not much to do. Also major server issues and what not. Until these things are fixed the game can't be sold for 40 $."
,Not Recommended,438740,32580815,Posted: 19 June,all,GAHDOOSH,"So much potential but the jason teleport is not only unbalanced but when i can see a killer just spawn in front of me suddenly it breaks immersion | looks awful | isn't fun.The game runs very well, looks good, and the music is great! Combat could use work.Edit: removed my opinion on pricing and labeling to let devs concentrate on my actual frustrations which were the teleporting killer and combat fluidity."
,Recommended,438740,32712653,Posted: 23 June,all,OmegaΩ,Baseball pros Vs. Vacuum cleaners: The game
76561198019131479,Recommended,438740,32280494,Posted: 8 June,all,Groullock,The game has a few stuttering issues other then that its amazing.
76561198097191311,Recommended,438740,32333514,Posted: 10 June,all,Oscar François de Jarjayes,"I really like this game! Very fun when your are playing as Jason are counselors and just in general a fun game. A Bit Buggy, but over time it will be fixed. And the game will be even more awesome!"
76561198059769176,Not Recommended,438740,31978697,Posted: 26 May,all,Drake,"Though the idea of the game is nice to begin with, it is so full of bugs, that it is virtually unplayable to me. Most annoying is that the upgrades to level the characters only work 1 out of 10 times - error screen - this is topped with a lot of screen-freezes where only a restart will get you out of. A lot of times it also just does not ""connect"" so one is stuck at the starting screen with a ""Login failed due to database"". This product is clearly hastened and unfinished, i recommend looking elsewhere, coming back at a later stage or when it's at a discount. Right now the 40 Euros are purely wasted.Update: Now they seem to have fixed the servers so one can play! Sadly it's still very bugged on all other aspects:- random disconnects or ""screen-freezes""- XP Rewards and progression only is counted on a case by case basis. After playing several matches I were rewarded with about 2000 xp, when switching to the upgrade screen it only has transferred 220 xp ? On next match all rewards were not registered...- Spending xp for upgrades is absolutely buggy. Most of the time it doesn't work and the whole computer is locked --> manual restart rquired.Summary: Though the game is now at last playble it is still too bugged for a Release. The game itself is really good, however I recommend to wait until the bugs are cleared or it's at a discount - in the current state it's not worth 40 EUR.Update II: Nun sind noch einige Patches ins Land gegangen und das Spiel funktioniert immer noch nicht. man bleibt zwar nicht mehr im Startbild hängen aber alle anderen Probleme bestehen immer noch. Nun kann ich auch keine Perks mehr wählen, ohne dass sich das ganze Game aufhängt. Bringt alles nix... Rückerstattung beantragt, da das Game einfach nicht spielbar ist. Fazit: Gute Idee, leider das falsche Team zur Umsetzung :( Indie hin und her, wenn das Produkt nicht stimmt ist der Rest auch wurscht. Dann doch lieber ein ""Profiprodukt"". Der Indi-Bonus ist bei mir nach dem Release dann auch irgendwann  mal aufgebraucht..."
76561198055962659,Not Recommended,438740,31988024,Posted: 26 May,all,Tom Cruise Ascended,Database Login Error. Wow I can't believe I got to spend a whole hour and a half playing the game even though I dedicated 5+ hours to it. Don't worry though the streamers get to play. It's a lot of fun watching but never playing. Wait for the devs to fix their♥♥♥♥♥♥before spending $40 on this
76561197972555541,Not Recommended,438740,31995832,Posted: 27 May,all,Cactus Brawler,"Not worth the current asking price of £30, I'd recommend getting it in a future sale.Lacking basic options such as rebinding control, or the ability to play as Jason only (random chance each game that you get to be the killer), Only three maps with reused assets.Not worth the pretty darn close to a triple A title price point they decided on.Maybe get it at £10?Or perhaps not at all, given that it has a character with strong perks and laughable weaknesses as a Pay to Win perk for people who backed the game."
76561198032623031,Not Recommended,438740,32000585,Posted: 27 May,all,Rocket Man,"£30 - Rip off price.Buggy Mess - One game and dozens of glitches, Early Access games have better quality than this...DATABASE ERROR - Can't connect after 24 hours, what a joke. Only managed 2 games!Pathetic!"
,Not Recommended,438740,32004326,Posted: 27 May,all,Cynosure,"Its been over 24 hours and lots of trouble shooting and i still cant play the game. Because there Data base error/ Check connectivity. I have reinstalled, verified files, turned off fire wall, i cant find the anti cheat files to remove and i think that is my problem. But its still increasing frustating. all my friends can play in Florida but me in California cant even get on. I was able to play for 2 games went to work and now have not been able to get back on. If the issue is not fixed i will not pay for another Dead by daylight waiting months for fixes. Game should be much cheaper if these are the issues we run into.It all works now and im happy with the game. I was tilted i am sorry."
,Not Recommended,438740,32008632,Posted: 27 May,all,Fiskyh,"Jason is far too strong. Getting away from him is near impossible, and if you don't have a pocket knife you're dead if he grabs you.Playing a counselor simply isn't fun. Running around trying to find objects in houses doesn't make for good gameplay.The fact that your team mates can kill you is absolutely ridiculous, the griefing potential is through the roof.Having to wait until the match is over, even if you died 5 minutes in, is horrendeus game design.It's 40$ which is absolutely ridiculous.I'm refunding the game because of this. It isn't a finished product, and certainly not worth 40$."
,Recommended,438740,31979783,Posted: 26 May,all,Schlafmütze,"Thank god, it's friday. Will chill out with some of my old friends.Or kill them but this are just details ...F13 the game is one of my highest anticipated games this year and it's like I've wished it. It is similar to DbD, but has some major differences. And it's great.Here are a few main pros, most times compared with DbD:+ As a counselor more challenging (could also be a negative point, depends on own opinion of challenge)+ More ways to escape as a survivor (more options)+ Executions, often look very sadistic and awesome :D+ Graphic does not look that good, but compared to the soundtracks it creates a great atmosphere+ Much love for details: Original voice actors of the movies, OSTs of the movies, references to the movies ...The only problem is that currently there are major server issues, but the developer are on the way to fix them and I hardly had some of these issues.And if youre not familiar with asymetric multiplayer games or if youre not a fanatic of the movie franchise you should wait for a sale.Ki Ki Ki Ma Ma Ma ..."
,Recommended,438740,32268356,Posted: 8 June,all,twitch.tv/im_mit0 [live],Sooo...Where do  Start?Pros:Its and online gameYou can play with your friendsNo hackers (so far)Its addictingIt gives (me) spine chillsCons:+/- 40€Some Servers Suck (3x S rule)I rage aaaaalotNoob players the most of the time
,Recommended,438740,32007248,Posted: 27 May,all,Claudette'sAStupidN,Bugs and glitches aside this is a really fun and enjoyable game. Personally wouldn't pay full price but nevertheless still worth the buy. I think that if you're a fan of dead by daylight you should most definately give friday the 13th a chance.
,Not Recommended,438740,32159296,Posted: 3 June,all,. .,"It is a fun game but bit on the expensive side. They will have to add new stuff to this game in order for this game to last longer. For my personal opinion this game will burn out most people (including me) because leveling only gives you so much. I am very much on the fence about recommending this game but for now, I would have to say no."
,Recommended,438740,32657772,Posted: 22 June,all,Toxic,"This game is a masterpiece. I personally have never watched any of the Friday the 13th movies except for part of the first one so I can't appreciate this game as much as any horror movie fanatic, but what I can say is that this game is amazing, the kills are beautifully done, and the gameplay is just great. I have around 40 hours within 2 weeks and don't plan on quitting anytime soon. I don't think I will ever get bored of this game. The price might be hard to get around for most people, but if it looks good to you, I guarantee you will have fun with it. Don't worry about the price and go for it. Definitely buy this game."
,Recommended,438740,32731018,Posted: 24 June,all,Swix,Best survival/horror game i've ever played. It's fun to play with friends or to kill your friends!I recommend this game for everyone!10/10
76561198058092312,Not Recommended,438740,33838868,Posted: 27 July,all,Yake,"I can't even launch the game for some reason, when I buy something I expect it to work... Good thing I can call for a refund!"
76561198353745887,Not Recommended,438740,33640145,Posted: 18 July,all,Gmoney0317,Great game but i havnt played in over a month because of how♥♥♥♥♥♥the servers are
76561198051500348,Not Recommended,438740,33784693,Posted: 25 July,all,⚔Gared⚔,"This has to be the hardest game ever, there's no point trying to fight, Jason can just grab you with ease and you can't fight back before he kills you instantly with his god powers. He can teleport literary and you can see it which makes this even more bs, it's so unrealistic. You can't hit Jason when he's perfoming kills on your mates so thats also bs, this game needs soooooooooo much updates to be fun to play. Don't get me wrong it's scarey and tense but just makes Jason soo OP."
76561197990094403,Recommended,438740,32193543,Posted: 5 June,all,ZackScott,Better than i thought and have great potential !
,Not Recommended,438740,31986892,Posted: 26 May,all,Davil,"Tried it, managed to get into one match and it's rather boring. I decided to go and look for Jason and even though the game says you can fight him, he's apparently a ghost because the bat I had just kept going right through him. Aside from that, this game installs separate anti-cheat software which seems really unneccessary for something like this. And like I said, I got into one game in the several hours that I had this. Apparently the servers that host the games have been down so can't even play it. Returned for a refund."
76561197960353829,Recommended,438740,32238247,Posted: 7 June,all,SmithyD,"Summary: 8/10This game is a must buy for groups of friends or even someone on their own willing to work with other people. It's first few days had server issues but it's solid now and massively enjoyable. Once they've added some kind of matchmaking system in the future and punish people for leaving games, trolling games, etc. or give the ability to vote kick the game will get even better. Haven't had this much fun in years.The future is very bright for this game.PROS:<> Genuine fun with friends - laugh out loud moments and ""oh sh!!"" ones too. Not had a game grip me like this in years.<> Great gameplay overall - the objectives are obtainable, yet can be a struggle to achieve. I don't think this style of game has been made before and it's brilliant.<> Amazing Jason kill animations - if they keep adding more it'll only help.<>Terrifying at times - the music is absolutely brilliant.<> Servers seem absolutely rock solid now and finding a match on quick play is seriously fast. You can keep playing over and over no waiting around.CONS:<> Price is steep for the content currently in the game.<> Game can be annoying with random people who don't help out - you're pretty much destined to lose. It's a 7 v 1 game and the chances of escaping with only yourself doing the work is slim.<> The hitbox on Jason and the Councilors isn't the greatest, along with the swining animation on weapons sometimes going the complete wrong way. This can lead to game breaking issues (i.e. Jason can't hit/grab or Councilor can't knock Jason down)<> As Councilors gain perks Jason only gains different kills - I fear that by the time everyone is around level 30-50 the Councilors as a group working together will simple be too strong for Jason."
,Recommended,438740,32703297,Posted: 23 June,all,Brook,I dont know what to say... its just great.
,Recommended,438740,32067930,Posted: 30 May,all,NikotinAlex,"best game so far, i notice that they are stil working on it. But its very fun to play anyway."
76561198063354285,Not Recommended,438740,32026736,Posted: 28 May,all,[RiM]nutritional,"Its not the game, the game is great, the game is fun, but right now I'm gainging zero xp over 5 games. None left early.I can't talk to party memebers in the lobby, everyone sounds like a robot, and I can't buy perks, I can gain CP but when I try to buy a perk a loop of crap happens and I have to ALT+4 and re log."
,Recommended,438740,32049218,Posted: 29 May,all,MѦŊ☬ (THe $ex MachYnE),no entiendo por hay negativos el juego recien salio repito los servers fueron areglados al igual que el bugg del lvl 0 A mi me parece un muy buen juego para divertirse un rato y al igual asustarse
,Recommended,438740,32049177,Posted: 29 May,all,takeNNN,very good game
,Not Recommended,438740,32029632,Posted: 28 May,all,feli17,"Yeah, the game is funny, but with my most recent bug i get angry with it. Jason was following a guy and 2 guys and me were in the car going to the exit. At that point was going perfect, the other guy give us enough time to get in front of the exit without any problem. But my friend crashes the car, ok, no problem, he goes back a little bit, but then the car get stucked with a tiny rock and Jason killed all because that."
76561198241077078,Not Recommended,438740,32030246,Posted: 28 May,all,Chance the Rapper,"This game is worth the $40. Every game has their pros and cons. Don't forget this is a starting game so don't get a bad impression at first if its not what you expected. Some pros for the game are that it is fun and rewarding regardless whether you win or lose. I unlocked about 2 or 3 characters both as the counselors and Jason within the 1st hour that I played the game. Another pro is that this game makes you utilize teamwork the most. Communication is key. A mic is extremely helpful because you must communicate with the other players and make a plan to escape the camp. If you experience the game for yourself, you can see if you like it. Now on to the cons. I shouldn't complain about the connection because it is a brand new game that was anticipated by many gamers for a very long time. You should expect some bad connection games every now and then. Some issues in game are that Jason kills you very quickly. In the case that he grabs your character, you will have a matter of a second or two to break free from his grip. Your best bet of escaping him would be having a pocket knife. I leave the game almost every single time Jason gets me because you are going to die regardless if you escape him due to his sense ability. Stamina is also another issue. Once your stamina bar is out and Jason see you, its over. He runs or walks faster than the counselor when they are out of stamina. A third con would be that the Shift ability is overpowered and must be fixed. I was walking around when I saw Jason execute someone from the corner of my screen so I decided to run back to the nearest cabin. Afterwards I decided to check the area where he was. As I walked there he teleported multiple times in a matter of 3-5 seconds, sliced me twice, and killed me. This all of this gives Jason a big unfair advantage but it doesn't stop there. Once you die, you have a chance of not being chosen to be Tommy Jarvis. The game gives people who already escaped a chance to be him. I find this to be a bit unfair because think about the person who died right at the start of the game. The player who escaped had fun repairing the boat or car and driving off while the person who didn't walk into a single cabin gets killed in a matter of 45 seconds. There are too many cons to explain so Im gonna end it here. Even though there are many cons, don't forget the way that you play the game matters as well too. If you are playing as the loudest character in the game Jason will know where you are the entire game so while Jason is overpowered in some aspects, you must make the most of what you have. Honestly, if I had to rate if I would recommend it, the answer would be 45/55. 45 being reccomend and 55 not reccomended. Once the cons are fixed I would be happy to change that fraction to 55/45. Oh and just a heads up, I recently bought a microphone and talking with the other players matters a lot and even though you might die early, talking with the other players makes the game more enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,438740,32032940,Posted: 28 May,all,blackdood,"After 48 hours of literally not being able to play a single minute of the game I've spent $40 on, I'm going to request a refund. I understand that launch day can be hard, and laggy but nothing but a loading screen for 2 days for $40 isn't cutting it."
,Not Recommended,438740,32032955,Posted: 28 May,all,Fin,"I love this game! IT IS REALLY GOOD! To make this review as short as possible, let me say this:The game is overpriced. That's it, that's the only reason this game gets a negative review. It's overall a very fun game, ignoring all the glitches, bugs, and other crap at launch.The max I would pay for this game is $25 dollars. If it's supposed to be an indie game, make it have an indie game price. Add more maps with other ways to escape and it would be worth $40 in my opinion."
,Not Recommended,438740,32034366,Posted: 28 May,all,Louper,"I may only have 30 minutes play time in this game - but trust me when I say that my review has reasoning.I LOVE Friday the 13th. When I was a kid I would watch these movies with my dad all the time. When I heard there was a game coming out from an indie developer - I was so excited. I've spent the last year tracking this game's developement. Hell, up until I bought it today I would watch tons of people like Cryaotic stream it - and now that I've had my chance to play personally, I'm left feeling empty.Don't get me wrong - the attention to detail is amazing. I feel like I'm watching a Friday the 13th Movie. But that's the issue - I'm only watching it. I may be in control of the character - but the game has so little in it I felt the only interesting thing to do was to wait to see how Jason would kill me. I had zero enthusiam to actually try to accomplish escaping: and here's why.Escaping may be fun and difficult - but you have about 4 ways to do it. Call the police and wait five minutes, fix a car, fix a boat, or wait 20 minutes for the timer to run out. Now, I understand that it being the late 70's in a secluded camp, it would be difficult to escape or call for help. BUT, when you make a very small amount of options on how to take on a situation - the game begins to feel empty. I only played one match - and I realised that every match afterwards will consist of me trying to turn on a car while a guy playing Jason who can teleport will try to kill me. That's not fun to me, maybe to you, but not to me. I never got a chance to play Jason, maybe he's actually fun to play. But, hoping you're lucky enough to be chosen as Jason to finally have a 20 minute match of fun, isn't a good time.The match I played was a public lobby. Apparently playing a private match with just your friends can be a whole lot more fun. The only issue is finding 10 friends who can afford to buy this 40$ game and also have computers capable of running it.The game just feels empty as of right now. It's an amazing digital take on Friday the 13th, but it's more like an artshow/kill cam than it is a challenging game - and that is why I'm refunding it.I say, save your money for a rainy day when this game is on sale - by then a lot of bugs will have been worked out and there'll be more content in the game.Thank you."
76561198209589819,Not Recommended,438740,32035576,Posted: 28 May,all,FURS,I can't even start playing because when i start a match i get a black screen and the mini-map ... This looks like  a early acces game than a complete game ... ( got my money back could not fix that stupid bug )Buy it only if u are rdy to face up a lot of bugs even until starting to play .
,Not Recommended,438740,32029134,Posted: 28 May,all,INGOBERNABLE,"Illfonic, developers of such gems known as Nexuiz and Sonic Boom: Rise of Lyric have shown completely how inept and helpless they are in the modern video game development scene.  They're unable to communicate with their customers about how noone on their team knows how to develop databases nor even use simple AWS cloud support to help them expand during a launch weekend.Thank goodness I bought this on Steam and I got a full refund after a long weekend of being unable to log-in due to Database Errors.  They honestly went and protected the streamers first and had little care for the rest of the customer base.Don't even get me started on Gun Media. People, do your research on both of these companies and realize they're a joke in a consumer driven market."
,Not Recommended,438740,32030635,Posted: 28 May,all,The Butthole Bandit,"This game is good if it worked at all. I never write reviews but this game is an exception. The fact that they made a game that was so broken available for the public (with no early access tag btw) is a disgrace to all other game companies. Other games at least made a playable, completed game to be evaluated upon. Not only is this game completely trash, they managed to sell it for 40$. 40 ♥♥♥♥ing bucks, are you ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ me?! ""We'll have single player later and more maps""♥♥♥♥ that, you released a low content, unfuctional, unplayable game and you'd probably sell the single player with extra maps as DLC. You can say that I'm going over board with the bashing but those are only people who believe that they will get a complete game soon. Release games complete, not partially playable pieces of trash. I wouldn't make a comment if it wasn't for the fact that 40 dollars was wasted on this.TL;DR: This game is trash and is also 40 dollars down the drain. Don't waste your time/money on it"
76561198062807284,Not Recommended,438740,32030910,Posted: 28 May,all,j.,"As the current state of this game, I do not recommend this game at it's current price tag. I am quite dissapointed with the launch of this game. Listen, I understand that coding games is difficult, hell I know zero about coding or even how to go about it. But when you get the money this studio got from backers, had a CLOSED beta for months, and have a franchise as popular as Friday the 13th, you should expect a large sum of players day one.The game when it actually is working is actually quite enjoyable, I mean there are a fair number of bugs within the gameplay but none of them are really gamebreaking in terms of making it unplayable.The price tag however I feel is too high for the current state of the game. I cannot even enter the main menu due to the ""Database Login Failure!"" bug plauging thousands across the playerbase.FINAL THOUGHTS:I would easily change my review for this game when the bugs are addressed, more content is gradually added in, and I personally feel that the players who have dealt with this horrid launch should be compensated for this terrible, terrible launch. Wether it's a double EXP weekend, or something else, I feel it is only fair."
,Not Recommended,438740,32031109,Posted: 28 May,all,Na_Is_Best,worst♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game ever cant even♥♥♥♥♥♥♥login dont buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game
76561198393965641,Recommended,438740,33082718,Posted: 1 July,all,Enchantingplayz,This game is soo nice. Here are reasons why I love it1. The kills are BRUTAL.2. It's fun and intense.3. You can abandon your friends.4. Collect supplies to defeat Jason.etc.
,Recommended,438740,32319190,Posted: 10 June,all,Edward360,THIS IS THE BEST HORROR SURVIVAL MULTIPLAYER GAME THE MONEY YOU PAY IS A LOT BUT ITS WORTH IT!!!
,Recommended,438740,32044260,Posted: 29 May,all,Dewgy,"I realise some people have different opinions,but this game is a perfect mix of survival and horror the aspects of the game mix well. Some people think jason is ""OP"" but if you are in a game with people that know what they are doing and you work together to survive it is the perfect mix. Yes, I know the game has some bugs right now,but I'm 100% sure the devs are fixing it right now. The only thing i don't like about the game right now is of course the bugs and the amount of content for the price,but im sure there will be more content to come.If you don't feel like waiting for a game to get improved then just wait and save your money and see how it turns out.If your the type of person who doesn't mind waiting for a game to improve while you play it then this game is for you. In all honesty the game makes up for all of that because of its community they are kind and nice people who like to do team work to get out of the situations in the game. For instance you could be getting chased by ""jason"" and a teammate would try to help you get out of that situation OR even sacrfice themselves for YOU. if i had to rate the game at this moment i would say 8/10 would play again."
,Recommended,438740,32153206,Posted: 3 June,all,MacDoodle,"I haven't had this enjoyable of an online experience in years, and the game is so so fun. Buy it today if you're hesitating."
76561198135898759,Recommended,438740,32051748,Posted: 29 May,all,Angry Hippo,"This is pretty good game. Its enjoyable and your constantly on edge because you know that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ jason is somewhere out there. The graphics are good, but the only things i have a problem with is the mechanics are a bit clunky like when trying to open a window or lock a door when your franticly running. Plus the price tag is a bit much for what it has within the game only three maps and not very much customization but the game its self is fun by yourself or with friends. All in all its a fun game that looks to have a good amount of potential in the future im rooting for this game to succeed because I am a huge fan of the friday the 13 franchise. Thanks for reading i love you all."
76561198118941421,Recommended,438740,32044366,Posted: 29 May,all,connera03,This is great. It's a shame for the database/server issues but they're a small team.Minus the issues (which are being dealt with right now) and when new content comes out this summer this gets a 10/10
,Not Recommended,438740,32032224,Posted: 28 May,all,Seizure Salad,Unplayable at it's current state.
,Recommended,438740,32035093,Posted: 28 May,all,Dutchoper72,"-Be me-Sitting in lobby which is full-People yelling at each other saying they want to be Jason-One person starts spamming racism-That one guy sounds foreign..maybe russian-We start loading into Packanack-Watch chad lose his♥♥♥♥♥♥for the 80th time-Everyone screaming for Jason-I get Jason-I place bear trap at my cabin-Then spawn at Death lodge (Main lodge)-Phone box is there too-Kill power and place trap at phonebox-2 people scream-Not a single person locked a door-Guy taunts me while standing behind the door as I stand infront-He says my mom is a ♥♥♥♥♥-I open the door and he starts screaming-I grab him-He struggles but i get him to the toilet-Guy still insults my mom-I say 'Cool your jets hotshot'-I kill him by drowning him in the toilet-I teleport away as I sense someone at the boat as they don't know how to repair-I get their and grab an AJ (sad inside)-Person is telling me to let him go-I said this wasn't the movie frozen-I throw my axe and AJ catches it with her face-Bear trap the boat cause I roll like that-I start to walk away-Notice the fat guy hiding behind a bush with no leafs-casually stalk away-Pop in front of him as he thought I ported away-It was the racist guy-He starts crying in russian like a baby-I toy with him by giving chase and making pig noises-He runs out of stamina (of course)-He says he wants to sell out his teammates if I let him live-I say sure-Tells me one is at the main lodge-He starts singing in russian-I grab him-He ♥♥♥♥♥ his pants-I chop him up 5 times with basic kill-He yells at me in russian-I port to main-Still no doors are locked-I walk into the house as someone enters by window-I watch them as the guy screams-We stare at each other-I grab him and throw him out the window saying 'He was blocking the view'-I hear the car-realized I forgot about car-I get there in time as they are starting the car-I pull out the driver asking for his ID-He stabs me with ♥♥♥♥♥knife-Stunned infront of driver door-Everyone is screaming again-My ears bleed-Place trap at door and chase them around-Person steps on Bear trap-I grab them and chop off their legs-Taunting them with 'You thought you could get a leg up on the situation, huh?'-Other person ran into house close by car-As i chop down door he throws ♥♥♥♥♥crackers-He misses of course-I speed to backdoor-I break window-I go to backdoor-#notlockedagain-open door-person looks at me and goes out window anyway-I walk out and hit him with my axe-he starts crying on how life isn't fair-I chase him to the front and grab him-Move him over to birdbath-Death by birdbath-Try to think of something witty, but nothing comes to mind-#firstworldproblems-Tommy and one other guy left-I hear someone hit the trap at phonebox-Port in and its last true survivor-Tommy is their too-Its russian guy-He tells me i like to ♥♥♥♥ pigs and hang around with blackguys-He shoots me in the face-Last survivor is blackguy and russian guy-I get up as russian guy runs away-Blackguy is still trying to get the box up-I hit him once and tell him not to get the phonebox up-I chase after tommy as he isn't trying to save others-#failtommy-Tommy is hiding in a cabin with powerbox-I hit power box and russian guy yells suka, blyad!-Classic russian-I open door AGAIN as not a single door was locked-#Everyonelivesinabarn-Tommy goes fast out window-Walk out and get tommy-Grab tommy and tell him 'He shouldn't get so far ahead of the situation'-Chop off tommys head-Me and blackguy left-I go back to box-Not complete and blackguy is still standing there doing nothing-I ask whats wrong-Says I was too good and just wants to die-I tell him how wonderful life can be-Ended conversation with 'At least you didn't die first like in all other horror films-Blackguy agrees-Asks him if he wants to live-Says yes-I say ok and tell him to follow-We stroll through the camp talking about life-We walk all the way to the car-He grabs the keys off of dead person-I ask if he packed his lunch for his trip-He says yes-He starts to drive off-I teleport to main intersection on main road-He gets their slowly-Sees me and thinks I will kill him-I walk up to his door and he doesn't drive away-I tell him 'I can't wait to see you next year, and wish him luck'-He drives away and escapes10/10 would 'pretend' to be a psychopath again"
76561198075504761,Not Recommended,438740,32035112,Posted: 28 May,all,Evancarr,Refunded the game. Waited around 72 hours for it to get past the login screen. Continually failed. Will probably check back in two-three months down the line to see if the game has fixed any issues. Most of the issues from the beta have persisted into the full release. Combined with the failed launch it doesn't give me much confidence.Jason is nice though. That's something.. I guess.
76561197972637605,Recommended,438740,32044254,Posted: 29 May,all,Sleep0,"Game has been dam fun so far, only played for a couple of days but have had so many entertaining momentslove the atmosphere"
76561198077343590,Recommended,438740,35194185,Posted: 24 September,all,VenialFollower6,It is a great game it may not be as good right now but it will get better!
76561198286702132,Not Recommended,438740,34786710,Posted: 6 September,all,heart11112,I don't recommend getting this until most of the glitches are fixedi'm sorry this game is lovely and i like it but to many glitches and for that reason I HATE IT i was jason i was knocking down a door then i get stuck in a cutscene and boom i'm stuck cant do a thing OH and another time i killed someone on a tree and my arm was stuck doing the cutscene i couldnt do a thing but you can simply fix that glitch by going in the water but it doesnt mean its ok for that glitch to be there i'v seen to many glitches! BTW when u get some glitches fixed i might change my mind but until you get the glitches fixed
76561197962414985,Not Recommended,438740,35277372,Posted: 28 September,all,PHX-Sisko,"I bought this on day one because the dev said they pushed back the release day to include the campaign. To my shock, no campaign, bugs everywhere. Total mess! Months later, no campaign, less bugs, not much more content and now paid DLC for an incomplete game. Tons of better games on Steam by more reputable developers - I cannot recommend this greedy cash grab on the F13th license until they actually add what they initially promised."
76561198082413136,Recommended,438740,32826782,Posted: 26 June,all,PiNkyCoRN,"I really love the feature Ingame voice chat, you do meet alot of crazy and fun people while playing this game. There are some things that needs some work though, like bugs, crashes and minor things. But hey it is really new and developed by a small group."
,Recommended,438740,32146603,Posted: 3 June,all,IsaidNOTnowMUM,"Amazing game. Deserves more credit. I'm guessing the majority of bad reviews are from people who don't use mic's, communication in this game makes it so much more fun!!"
76561198062495220,Recommended,438740,31966184,Posted: 25 May,all,Dankest Kush,omfg first of all i love this game dont get me wrong i have been playing it for about 30 min and then after the match its says loading... and then i was like ok then waited 5 more minutes to load nothing happens so i click task manger and close out the application and ever since then everytime i click on the game it ♥♥♥♥ing crashes it wont load one bit??
76561198397252030,Not Recommended,438740,32620821,Posted: 21 June,all,Cap'n Cawk,"Pros : Lots of Fun(especially with friends).Cons : Filled with more bugs than I can count. My game crashes every 30- 1 hour. Auto kickes you into a new lobby after a few games of playing with the same people. Matches you constantly with players from all over the world, 200-400 ping becomes standard. Not to mention the difficulty in communication.I would love to recommend this game, but this game is too much of a headache to play with all the glitchy animations and constant crashes- I would wait until they fix it before buying, unless its on a steam sale."
,Recommended,438740,32509248,Posted: 17 June,all,LOLME,"This game is a pure masterpiece! I really love Friday the 13th movie franchise,and it's really nice to bring back to people the memories from all Friday the 13th Series! This game is about being a Counselor or Jason,Counselors must avoid being caught by Jason and get killed by him! However Counselors can counter Jason with using alot of weapons.But not all the weapons take as much strenght to stun Jason.Strength is displayed on each Counselor's log! However Counselors can call Tommy Jarvis to revive Escaped or Dead players to Tommy Jarvis! Jason's mission is to take care of all the Counselors so none of them escapes.He has a variety choice of kills either with his grabs,or by his weapon.I'd like to mention that developers added Jasons from each part of all F13 Series! Including Tom Savini's Hell Jason or just 'Savini Jason'. Sadly this Jason is available if you pre-order the game!"
76561198081450261,Not Recommended,438740,33376174,Posted: 8 July,all,Mr_Profit,The most buggy game of all time.
,Not Recommended,438740,32493466,Posted: 16 June,all,spkellydev,"I really like the game when I'm able to play it. Unforunately matches just crash all the time. Not worth the price of admission. It's kind of a let down, I was really looking forward to playing this."
76561198101443219,Recommended,438740,33082219,Posted: 1 July,all,[PHX] EaglecZ,"Best game this year. Community is nice, sometimes some bugs but its nice game. I recommend this game ;)"
76561198035808566,Recommended,438740,31984065,Posted: 26 May,all,Gweaze,"Best game ive played this year.People complain about it being too hard but the difficulty is just right, Its like alien isolation meets DbD."
,Not Recommended,438740,32400468,Posted: 13 June,all,Griffypoo,"I shotgunned someone in the back to add some unpredictable horror to this bland game and they thanked me by yelling that I was mentally handicapped in the lobby over and over, even though I explained my motives clearly.Takes about 15-20 minutes for Jason to get close enough to be threatening, at which point 7 of the 8 players have escaped, then you get to play slow, boring tag with the last person for the last 30 minutes because Jason can't lift his leg enough to climb through an open window."
,Recommended,438740,32358753,Posted: 11 June,all,V1P3R,It's a nice asymmetrical multiplayer horror game . The fact that Jason is so OP makes this game way much better than DBD . Awsm and brutal finishing executions that's what Jason Voorhees is known for.. Loving it  <3
76561198128435680,Not Recommended,438740,32396890,Posted: 13 June,all,TheLastLegend,My review is a bit biased but I didn't like the game that much because I had no friends to play with.  I swear to God above you will be shot by other counselors once a session. Nobody knows how to shoot Jason without shooting you!
,Recommended,438740,32173349,Posted: 4 June,all,Kizza,"Yeah, its pretty good"
76561198040405243,Not Recommended,438740,31996437,Posted: 27 May,all,:>416<: Kakashi,"Servers down at launch, what did i pay $40 bucks for.  Unfinished product, should not have released the game in this state, but the streamers can still play smh.  2/10"
,Not Recommended,438740,32605692,Posted: 20 June,all,LiamUK,This game jumps from giving me some of the best gaming matches I've ever had to the very worst.Can't recommend it right now - if the devs can fix this game up I'll come back and change this review.
,Recommended,438740,32522240,Posted: 17 June,all,Vsauce Micheal,So much fun! Its worth the money!
,Recommended,438740,32116626,Posted: 1 June,all,WWW.KROUND.RO | GO.KROUND.RO,⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀Dead by daylight just with more op killers.
,Recommended,438740,32280421,Posted: 8 June,all,jimbo619y2j,"A lot of people crap on this game for being buggy, or being only fun to play as Jason, but I only find the first part to be true. Sure it might be more enjoyable to take on the role of your favorite lake-side serial killer growing up and methodically hunt down unsuspecting defenseless teenagers one by one, just like in your favorite Friday the 13th horror thrillers, but I found this game made being in the shoes of those seemingly defenseless teenagers actually quite an enjoyable experience. They aren't as defenseless as in the movies, you get perks, you get character points (CP for short) as you level up to spend on new perks, and there's several ways to escape, evade Jason, and even a way to kill Jason that's lore-friendly! This is definitely a must-buy for fans of the series, and for those who want to play a horror-multiplayer with friends. Although there are some glitches I do experience regularly, like being caught in the jumping animation for a short period of time, and getting caught in windows, it doesn't take too much away from the experience. This game was given a 64/100, which I think was way too harsh. I would give it a solid 81/100. Very fun, very thrilling, and  the atmosphere and lore is on point! Just a few bugs and glitches that need to be worked out. And maybe a way to filter out trolls from multiplayer? Purposeful friendly-fire and has been an issue..."
,Recommended,438740,33158880,Posted: 2 July,all,TicklishPickleWiggle,Bought the game played first round with friends had soo much fun (and some laughs ;P)I rate this game 8/10 <3
,Recommended,438740,32028256,Posted: 28 May,all,Hypnotized,I've really enjoyed all the time I have spent playing this game thus far. There have been bugs/server issues etc but the majority of these reviews are just vomit crybabies judging a game with 2 hours of playtime get a grip. I guarantee these are the people that play with no VOIP and simply expect to 1v1 Jason this isn't the game for you princess.
,Recommended,438740,32334745,Posted: 10 June,all,Frosty,"Killing young adults has never been so fun. While this game is not what I call the smoothest as far as bugs and glitches, it's certainly a fun game with the detail to gore and executions Jason can administer. There are some balancing issues I can go into, but I won't due to the rather rabid fan base of this game. Still with the faults it has, I'd say it's a fun game to get, especially with friends.The game sets you up with a lobby of people, where one will randomly be picked as Jason Vorhees. The others play the campers trying to escape. Escaping consists of either fixing up a boat, car, telephone box to call the police, waiting out the timer, or more difficult killing Jason by getting the Tommy Jarvis character (a weird T-1000 looking white dude with no eyebrows) to kill him. Surviving as a camper is difficult, mostly due to how easily Jason can pick up visual queues of their locations if they're running or performing tasks. Not to mention he is capable of teleporting towards you.Working as a team as the campers is essential unless you're hoping to pull a Burke from Aliens and try to hide in a room someplace. Most often than not though you just end up choked out like David Carredine at a belt shop.Now the inevitable comparison to dead by day light. For those who own DBD, they know that as far as objectives go, it's a fairly simple fix the generator or be the last alive and use the escape hatch. One thing that makes me enjoy Friday the 13th more is the variety of ways you can win, even if it's just a few more options. I like it because it creates tension among survivors and moments of greed or heroism as well. Moments like fixing up the two seater car only with Jason chasing you, with not enough room for everyone. Someone trying to come in and stun Jason just for a moment to let everyone escape, except it simply ends up with their head crushed as the passengers of the car watch from the rear view mirror."
76561197998007321,Recommended,438740,32159563,Posted: 3 June,all,Ben,"At first I was sceptical of spending 40 bucks on it. People said it wasn't worth it, repetative, boring,Well its extremely clear these people... aren't fans nor can appreciate this game for what it is.I tried a match an councillor first. After seeing gameplay vids I had an idea of how it worked. And I died, helping my teamates repair the car, sneaking away, securing parts and it felt scary, paranoia packed and so cool being able to see Jason whilst hiding behind stuff knowing he can't see me. The stealth mechanic works really well.2nd match I tried I died doing the same but my teammates actually managed to kill jason and it was epic as ♥♥♥♥ to behold. Good teamwork and unlike gamer websites argue... its not that convoluted at all. Get the sweater, get a machete, stun him, hit him from behind boom done. Sure easier said than done. for SURE. But... still doable :) And extremely fun when it works.3rd match I played as Jason and it was the most fun I've ever had. Impossible not to laugh at your victims as you chase them, continuously talking to them via mic. "" Im gonna get ya!!!!!!! Run!!! Run for your life!!!"" Its just amazing fun.This game is nevertheless something that should be enjoyed in relatively short bursts. Say. 1-2 hour gameplay sessions. Its not that the game is repetative as such. What hurts it the most is when your team doesn't play well and your effort feel for naught. That makes the repetative sensation magnify greatly.Play with friends, communicate, and your gameplay session will be awesome. With Jason you can just chill and kill whoever. Its a nice break from Councillor gameplay when you're chosen.Overall. The price tag is really not a problem to me. A heard a guy talking about it, saying the game gets criticism as if it was a tripple A game when in truth its kickstarted and the dev team is small. Something that highlights that that kind of criticism is unfair. That being said, I can understand people wanting a functional game.However. The game is not at all as buggy as some reviews argue. The devs are working on it and considering their size and abilities, I'm giving them patience because the core concept here is outstandingly good.I'd really love to see a singleplayer campaign here and more skins appear. Customization at the moment is good and fun. Being able to control Jasons special kills via perks is great. Choose the ones you like.Lastly the game has amazing atmosphere. Its dark, feels like the movies. Familiar music plays and you will never stop feeling on edge playing.The graphics are to my liking. Jason looks fantastic and the councillors do as well including the surroundings. I'm impressed personally considering this was a kickstarter game.The facial animations are still a bit wonky but honestly, its fine to me. The devs even made an in-game joke about it through an achievement.Reach 100 fear and still make it through the night. Achievement is called the "" Chad Face"" and we've all seen it :)Its a fun game. Teamwork reliant to huge extent. Still a bit buggy and in some ways mechanically Jason as well as the councillors can act somewhat broken. Via dodging, moving at the right time to avoid being hit and more. can feel quite cheap at times but it'll probably get fixed later on since the devs seem passionate about this.Fun in relatively short bursts, best with good teammates, and thank god we can mute the players that hate this and whine about it but play anyway. Met a few of those. Dont worry. You can mute them and if they really annoy you in game, you can teamkill them as well. Unsure if there is a pentalty for that but its not recommended doing so because you wanna win and need people to do that :)So yes. Try it yourselves. Got 2 hours to refund it. Matches last in between 10-20 minutes. Depending on you either escape, jason kills you or the timer just runs out. And honestly. 20 minutes is enough. Once you're in it... time moves really slowly because you never relax for a single second :)The game has 1 issue with quitters that aren't Jason or those that quit after dying that could potentially be chosen as Tommy jarvis resulting in the Tommy character just being playerless and not able to help people.We need a ban mechanic for the quitters because winning against a good jason with less with 4-5 is really hard. Sometimes your matches drop to 5 from 7 councillors from the start. It makes things a lot harder. Really sabotages the team.But yes. Try it yourselves. I had great fun being a fan of the franchise. ♥♥♥♥ing love to see Kane Hodder here as well. Its an extremely scary game when you're really trying to survive or get chased in the car or boat. Heart racing really. Fantastically scary :)The good outweigh the few minus' it has by far.UPDATE TO REVIEW:If you see people camping under the bridge, go to the opposite site and toss knives at them. do NOT toss knives from the side. It doesn't work. Invisible wall. But if you go down from the opposite side, you can knife toss the exploiting ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. Cheating ♥♥♥♥s.Hopefully it will get fixed soon but there is a way to beat the cheaters."
,Recommended,438740,32070500,Posted: 30 May,all,Bambi,:))))
76561198160338021,Recommended,438740,32102617,Posted: 1 June,all,F A D E,Enjoying this a lot so far! It all depends on team work and strategy. Although the game still has some missing functions and features the devs will always get it done at the end :)
,Recommended,438740,32081075,Posted: 31 May,all,Rezic,Good game.
76561198370206363,Not Recommended,438740,32382043,Posted: 12 June,all,Evil Waffle,Fantastic game that has a lot of great gameplay even with the glitches it is extremely fun with some of the most adrenaline pumping moments ive ever had in a game like this...BUT there is a problem with jasons grab being able to reach farther than his actual arm. Jason can teleport next to you and immediatly grab you and execute you immediatly making the game sometimes impossible to play because a lot of players exploit this problem. There needs to be a short 2 or 1.5 second cooldown on the grab after the shift move so jason doesnt just come in and kill you instantly without you being able to do anything or even see him ruining the aspect of fear and just oh there he is i guess.Is the game very buggy? Yes BUT it is mostly animations. There is also a strange hit box on jason when using melee weapons and you clearly hit him but it wont register the hit. But the biggest part of that is that jason has a reach (the arm reach is farther than the animation/About 2.5 times the length of his actual arm) much farther than the range of a machete or bat (longest weapons) making him impossible to hit.Final Verdict: Great game but some of the minor mechanics that people exploit can ruin the game and the price is a bit ridiculous for 1 mode and 3 maps. 8/10
76561198041148826,Recommended,438740,31966041,Posted: 25 May,all,HUEHUE,COOL
,Recommended,438740,32055248,Posted: 29 May,all,Bob Ro$$,"This game was a bit shakey for the first couple of days, but it is working much better now.  There are still some bugs to iron out, but it is a lot of fun.  Suggested for those who are fans of horror and the movies."
,Recommended,438740,33063672,Posted: 30 June,all,Jiu-Ji†suG☣D,buy it ..its F13th nuff said.
,Not Recommended,438740,32308920,Posted: 9 June,all,Metaphorical Fedora,Buyer beware. Your yet to be determined hardware may trigger a known crash on Unreal Engine 4. The bug has not yet been fixed in the engine. Completely unplayable if it happens to you.
76561198216169609,Recommended,438740,32376339,Posted: 12 June,all,FIDGET BOI,I have 30+ hours in this game and I can tell you it is very fun. Specially with friends. Despite the bugs and glitches I find it awesome. You can play as Jason which most people say he is the most fun to use but I actually differ I like more playing as a counsleor and trolling Jason.I give this 8/10
76561198053857395,Recommended,438740,32023575,Posted: 28 May,all,The Onemanski,This game is fantastic!
76561198001197154,Not Recommended,438740,33330381,Posted: 6 July,all,Drew,This game is not worth $40. Lots of fun with friends only. 1 in 10 public games i met actual human beings.One thing is certain I will not buy another game from illfonic or Gun.
,Recommended,438740,33158730,Posted: 2 July,all,ChickenHeart,"Painstakingly-recreates those tense moments from the film in the form of a 1vs8 survival horror experience. Remember that time in Part 6 when Jason chased Tommy Jarvis around a couch for two minutes straight? Who can forget that pivotal moment when the fat guy hit Jason so hard he clipped through the terrain and out of the skybox in Part 8?The effort put into capturing Kane Hodder's movements really pay off as well. The Terminator-like walk, the methodical interaction animations, and it's good to see Jason's powers of levitation from the young-adult novels have carried over into the game's canon.I give this game 8 bouncing havoc ragdolls out of 10.(seriously this game is a ton of fun despite having more bugs than a roach motel)"
,Not Recommended,438740,32556872,Posted: 18 June,all,Wakka,"The game is fun for a couple of matches but then you realise just how one sided the game is.It has tons of cool weapons that are all useless because Jason can't die, and more often than not, swinging a melee weapon at him ""literally"" does nothing at all because Jason has invincibility frames on basically everything he does, he insta kills everyone that he grabs, teleports around the map and then grabs you, wallhacks you and then grabs you. grab grab grab grab grab grab grab.I genuinely do question why they even added weapons into the game for the counselors.This game is just hide and seek, it offers nothing revolutionary or even interesting at all.Definitely not worth the price tag."
76561198029675033,Not Recommended,438740,32563852,Posted: 19 June,all,Existence is pain,"IGNORING THE BELOW: As of 7/7/2017, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.Developers have been accused of many questionable actions and have been swinging the ban hammer left and right. Playing this game can result in you getting banned by underage players who will accuse you of random **** and proceed to get you banned.Not really worth $40 price tag.Prepare for downvotes galore.The game sequence gets repetitive and progression is more or less non-existent past level 31.(customisation options unlocks only from then on)Pros-One of the few online multiplayer survival horror games in the market currently, the other being Dead By daylight.-Large Map-Many Characters with actual differences in stats to warrant picking them.-Play as many differing jasons from the different movies and execute cinematic kills on the (somewhat hapless) counselors-More then one way to escape instead of just 2 in it's other competitor game.Cons-American only dedicated servers. EDIT: asia suffers a lot from losing connection to servers. Asia is a no go for now. my friends are having similar issues.-There isn't really much content in the game as it is, and there is little differentiation between Jasons save for cooldown differences.-This equates to having one killer and his real customisation being his weapon kill cinematics against counsellors (all non weapon kills are the same) and his cooldown times between 4 skills that are shared among Jason.-You cannot pick to be Jason, only indicate preference. So who's Jason (even someone who doesn't want to be) is RNG.-Jason will consistently execute you in the most original manner ever in 0.5s of a grab:Choking-Fanbase is extremely defensive over this game (backers included). Go forums and check.-Due to somewhat.. questionable decision making, fanbase is currently split between have and have-nots with regard to a specific Jason. (note that while it is called a skin, the differing stats on that Jason means that it has a non-aesthetic impact on gameplay.)-You're going to end up playing only a few characters because most of their stats are pretty worthless-Jason's hitbox is wonky, and he is invincible during any animation that does not allow him to move freely. (not really a con, but something you should know)-Due to the strange hitboxes, projectiles can also bounce off recently broken down doors too, so you can't stun Jason either.-There is in game voice chat, which means that you more or less need a mic. And even this is just to extend the novelty of the game long enough to possibly make it worth the price tag.-Glitch Galore.-Exp penalty if you don't spend time watching other people play the rest of the game out (counter-intuitive to fun?)also noteworthy this exp ~500 for staying till the end. There are games where you won't even breach 300.(of course the fanbase retorts with git gud.)-From above point: hence you should bring a book or watch a stream. or you might die in real life too.-Single player isn't out yet.-DEVS or MODS are deleting threads which show bugs/exploits/problems with the game. No reason, no warning.-Number of players appears to be dropping (about this: you can still find games though thanks to lack of region lock. But still a worrying trend. Also, it's competitor has always had a consistently higher playerbase (although at this time of writing competitor has the equivalent of double exp event. But even before that...)TLDR:High price (apparently 40 bucks is cheap to so many people in their forums)Overly defensive fan base.Waiting for next game simulator if you die too early as counselorTrolls and glitch abusers galore.Limited actual choice in character selectionYet, still a somewhat balanced game. (somewhat unlike DBD where it's clown fiesta)Probably don't buy this game. It isn't really worth 40 bucks. You're better off grabbing a bunch of cheaper games.Until single player comes out. (which will make or break this)"
76561198196991034,Not Recommended,438740,32629366,Posted: 21 June,all,Nobitae,"Ok now after 100 hours,still haven't got anything more to make me like it.First off,this game clearly un-finish,why ? would you pay ♥♥♥♥ing 40$ for a game that 1 game mode and 3 maps only and haven't got anything new for it (but but but what about Jason part 3 skin and free cp ?) The new skin just the same skin with♥♥♥♥♥♥color and different music when showing up with bugs,lot of it.Second the dev is lazy (my own opinion) the game have a bit rough launch but after that they got 10k players bought their game with believe that they will try their best to improve the game with the money they have from us *almost 2 months later* oh free re skin ? anything else ? no ? nothing ? how ?....Third the game slowly dying like Battleborn,from 9k players daily to 1.5k players daily.So you think im just talk♥♥♥♥♥♥to the game to make it gone ? no,im telling you how i think about the game to make sure you don't make the same mistake as me for taking a 40$ and regret about it after 10 hours"
,Not Recommended,438740,32028115,Posted: 28 May,all,SwoodMadden,"Oh boy I had really big hopes for this game.Don't buy this for any price, until they releace a major update. Jason is incredibly OP, he can just appear in front of you and bam, you dead and you can't do anything about it. He can just destroy doors with 1 hit and he always sees you. Dbd did it million times better, playing against Jason has no sense. Super unfair.Maps are all the same, houses are exactly the same, you can't see difference.The biggest problem for me - if you died - you'll have to wait for the end of the match, or you'll not gain the xp. And matches are about 20 minutes long. This is REALLY stupid.The voice acting and facial animations are beyond ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Look's like we'll never have a good slasher/horror game."
,Recommended,438740,32373034,Posted: 12 June,all,69hrs | FeelsGrottoMan,I love this game but too many bugs. 5/10
,Recommended,438740,32681732,Posted: 23 June,all,Thumper,"Honestly you've probably heard this a lot from a lot of these reviews, whether they're bad or good, the game is definitely quite glitchy. But that's NOT a reason to dislike the game or to avoid it. I have had so much fun on this game due to the people on here and the game itself. Because of the glitches I do not feel that this game should be taken seriously or competetively as it will only anger people.I have met such great people on this game and had so much fun. It doesn't even matter to me if I die or not because of how funny most of these players are! Great player base and a great game.This game right now is £29.99At the time I thought that was quite expensive.However if you have that money you should definitely go ahead and buy this game.Hope to see you on there :)"
76561198086882386,Not Recommended,438740,32382688,Posted: 13 June,all,Satans Cahones,"Awful. Can't play because of Summercamp.exe bug. Tried support for this game and all i got was an automated email unhelpfully claiming they are dealing with bugs, glitches and newpatches and hope you enjoy your game....with zero details on my specific poblem and I am not the only one.Buyer beware this developers support is non existant."
76561198043892079,Recommended,438740,32797834,Posted: 25 June,all,American Oxygen,"Without a doubt, the most fun I have had with a multiplayer experience in several years.This game pits seven counselors ripped straight from the 80's against a well known face in the slasher film world, Jason Vorhees in three maps based off the long running film franshise. Your goal as the counsolers is to complete varios objects such as restoring power to use radios to call for help, replacing fuses to call authorities, or reparing various vehicles for escape. As Jason, your job is to hunt them down and make sure you do right by Mother Vorhees and assure no one escapes.Friday the 13th: The Game is a multiplayer game (single player to come) focused heavily on teamwork and percise execution. There are ample ways for both counselors and Jason to defend themselves. The developers here have created something really unique and continue to support and further the project. There are some problems with it in terms of performance such as hard crashes and the usual people that you meet online that find glitch spots or invincibilty spots, but the developers are quick to fix it you just have to give them time.I don't really write reviews because I don't feel like it's going to sway any opinions, but I HIGHLY recommend this game, even if it has some problems. It's incredibly fun to play with your friends (or against as Jason) and attempt to escape. I believe this is one of the most original and exciting multiplayer experiences to come out in recent years. I hope they continue to support and expand upon what they've given us because I'm more than satisfied with a fourty dollar price tag."
76561198353016449,Recommended,438740,32362459,Posted: 12 June,all,One Man Army,This game is good!
,Not Recommended,438740,32019761,Posted: 28 May,all,DessDessert,"It has a lot of bugs and the gameplay can be uninteresting without a group due to the very slow gameplay.Before I could even launch the game I encountered an error called ""msvcp140.dll is missing"" which I fixed by re-downloading visual studio.The second error after I had managed to launch the game was the awful server bugs. I couldn't get into a game yesterday and had to give up unless I wanted to play against myself.The third error being I could only find foreign games which isn't a bad thing but made teamwork and communication hard along with the connection.Finally the game is unreliable, unbalanced, and frankly, unfinished. It really lacks content and stability, making the price tag too much."
,Recommended,438740,31966907,Posted: 25 May,all,The Bad Guy #FreeGrimace,insanely fun. certain gameplay mechanics need to be fixed but beside that this game is great.
76561198114958331,Recommended,438740,31966935,Posted: 25 May,all,Mr. Dr. Professor Hamburgler,"This game is pretty ♥♥♥♥ing amazing, it butt ♥♥♥♥s Dead By Daylight to the ground in every single catergory, matchmaking is fast and simple, private match is fantastic, game looks amazing, physics are great, the best kills (and there are like 1,000+ ways you can kill someone) and terrifying score, very scary enviorment, everything in this great in just about flawless except the fact that you can't join an online game with a party, it may be a bug or glitch or i may be stupid but that is the only flaw in this game. This game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome"
,Recommended,438740,32048158,Posted: 29 May,all,livin' legend,Kh Kh Kh Cha Cha Cha...
,Recommended,438740,32042225,Posted: 29 May,all,Los Pollos Hermanos,"Game is fun and appart from login bugs, and occasional gameplay bug, is well done!Need to overlook the disaster of launch, seeing through that, its a pretty acceptable game, and gameplay remains entertaining, through multiple maps/obj per map!"
76561198080339662,Recommended,438740,32042491,Posted: 29 May,all,Yuki537,"yea the game has its clunky mechanic issues and they are working hard on the servers, but either way once all that is fixed this game is going to be even better, i would recommend even with issues that are still there, i have tons of fun every match. people expect perfection now when a game is released, they need to just get over themselves. this game is fun give it a try :)"
,Not Recommended,438740,32033078,Posted: 28 May,all,皮在癢,"Truly can't recommend. Not trying to add an original review or anything. Plain and simple. Way overpriced, buggy, terrible server lag, clunky controls, and some balance tweeks possibly needed. I HATED it at first, played for a while. Lots of way to cheese your game. I ended up having some fun. if you like f13 you'll probably like it at least somewhat, but I just can't recomment until MUCH cheaper, probably around $20, and problems fixed. I might revisit it then."
76561198012236398,Not Recommended,438740,32029479,Posted: 28 May,all,hello,"I can't spend any of the igname currency cause i'm at level 0 even after 10+ hoursthis game, in its current form is not ready for release."
,Recommended,438740,32047089,Posted: 29 May,all,pumacatrun2,"Just tried it out and being Aussie was a pro rather than a con for once in gaming - I was getting 50-70 ping while everyone else was getting 100-400 because playing during the AMs you get matched with people outside of Australia. Found hardly any real bugs, and you unlock things with progression which keeps it vaguely interesting longterm.Only the voice chat was buggy for me but thats because I was switching between playing on controller and pressing T to push to talk, which the game doesn't like when you're running (please add a controller push to talk button!)But it's not worth the full $40, would be better as a $20 game and so many more people would buy it then too. It definitely could have benefitted from early access instead of a pretty mediocre release, but there's enough right now that my first impressions aren't as scrutinous as some of the other reviews that put me off playing until now, though I know they've been hotfixing it a lot since release."
,Recommended,438740,32047284,Posted: 29 May,all,carlo ⌁ EsportMatches.com,Only problem is actually getting into the game (servers are pretty bad to get into) once you get in the game is great and lots of fun.
,Recommended,438740,31990126,Posted: 27 May,all,ThatDuck,"Very awesome game! Super fun, been waiting for this game for months and its finally out. The only problem is server issues but thats expected on the first few days of release. They are fixing it as I write this review."
76561198208686883,Not Recommended,438740,34099314,Posted: 8 August,all,H0Rizon,Very bad game..I played it and i had lag and lag... SRS? With i7 4790 and gt 740 plus 12gbram...
,Not Recommended,438740,31991384,Posted: 27 May,all,The Big Show,"There's no option to lobby up as Jason like in Dead by Daylight, you have to randomly get selected as Jason.If you die early as a counselor you have to wait around for 15 minutes watching other people play a video game while you sit there bored.Push to talk doesn't work with a gamepad so it ends up being a ""TURN UR MIC OFF BRO"" simulator"
76561198282717188,Not Recommended,438740,35132945,Posted: 22 September,all,Xclusive,This game is not worth $39.90. It's the same play over and over again. Kinda lacking in content.
,Not Recommended,438740,35212926,Posted: 25 September,all,respawn22,"Has a possibility to stop working randomly. I can no longer play this, that's why I gave it a thumbs-down. Overall, when I could actually play it, it was good and enjoyable."
76561198027013262,Recommended,438740,35202567,Posted: 25 September,all,Jerky XP,Nothing beats having voice chat in a game that's multiplayer.  Lots of laughs.  Totally worth the money.
,Recommended,438740,35372233,Posted: 1 October,all,Stephen Paddock,"This game is really awesome. There were a couple of bugs in the beginning and they are starting to fix them all it takes a while for then to do it because they have to update 3 platforms (pc, ps4, and xbox). They game isnt worth 40 dollars though. Overall I would recommend this game to people who want to have a fun game expericene with not the most cancerous community (even with the team killed which cant happen anymore)"
,Not Recommended,438740,35049202,Posted: 18 September,all,DoC,"Boooring.... im sorry, but his game was absolutely hyped and that it brings fun for 2 days..."
,Recommended,438740,35144392,Posted: 22 September,all,anees_annu,Its my first online game and first game in steam...I liked it...difficulties in finding a server...that maybe due to my location...anyway I am enjoying it...
76561198143364078,Not Recommended,438740,35280147,Posted: 28 September,all,IIQII,I would love to play this game without having to be worried about getting banned for no reason oh well guess it'll just sit in my library. It was fun while it lasted.
76561198389221808,Recommended,438740,35346124,Posted: 30 September,all,Pionack,"fun, reminds me of L4D"
,Recommended,438740,35264915,Posted: 28 September,all,CSOFFER.ME Poottery,"Game is good, but the price is to high. Plz if you reduce the price, give the players who already own the game some extra stuff in the game."
76561198353374190,Recommended,438740,35145631,Posted: 22 September,all,DarkNexus,Amazing game for any Friday the 13th fan or horror fan. Just watching Jason chase you is fun and it gets even better playing as Jason Voorhees. everyone should buy it and play it I bet you will have a lot of fun
,Recommended,438740,35316517,Posted: 29 September,all,Red the Umbreon,"I enjoy this game, it gives a great feeling Like when I watched all the movies so long ago. I will admit It is a very ""I need a Friend to play with"" to have the MOST fun but on your own when you can get people who will work together and try thier hardest to win which is a blast. I have however got many the team killing survivors or a survivor that sells another out. And of course you have those going around to make the trolling videos but what game dosent have those, all together its a very fun game it just needs more ways to stop the massive amount of trolls and jerks who plauge it. I trust the devs who have shown there passion I will wait for more optimised builds and such before I jump back into it. But if you got a friend who has it already go forth and have a blast with this good game."
76561198406883900,Recommended,438740,35362345,Posted: 30 September,all,bendergodd82,i like this game alot but we do need team kills back and if a person kills another so what its a game of survival and do expect to die if you dont then this game is not for you .. for others get your popcorn ready and lets have a blast
,Not Recommended,438740,35382954,Posted: 1 October,all,Dream ✹,"Didn't like the experience overall, 200ms+ ping always. Exploits everywhere. Couldn't play the first week I got the game because ""server migration issues"" while everyone else including streamers were playing it. Got the beta back in december last year and thought this was going to be a different thing"
,Not Recommended,438740,34886993,Posted: 11 September,all,Rowdy Ryan,"Probably could of been a great game. It was lots of fun on release when I could actually connect to the server, several days later... 1 killer with slightly different ability cooldowns, counselors jog like they're 350 lbs and trip every 3 seconds once he finds you so it's basically impossible to escape solo beggining of game. If you manage to find a full group with voice and can all group quick you can just troll Jason all game basically, but that's unlikely due to the huge drop in players."
,Not Recommended,438740,32490705,Posted: 16 June,all,Cracker_jack,"Have tried for two weeks straight uninstalling, re-installing, and attempting to run this game. Each and every time it has said it has the same error. When attempting to contact the developers, I received no response. When I checked with EasyAntiCheat in case that was the problem, there was absolutely no customer service. I want either the game I paid for fixed, or my money back. This is absurd. I hope the creators see this and can fix."
,Not Recommended,438740,34886092,Posted: 11 September,all,Bear-Zerker,"As a first impression:So far, I regret buying this.  The devs blatantly delete constructive feedback if it's not something they are interested in, and they want to force you to use a mic, no matter what your stance is on mics.  I think they are immersion breaking.You have a small team of very immature developers who chooses to focus on petty things, and make the game worse rather than better.  To boot, they've already started on another game, when this one is riddled with bugs and missing features.Stay away!"
76561198060834558,Not Recommended,438740,34884131,Posted: 11 September,all,Volts Pots,"Overpriced and overhyped cash-grab.Now I have mixed feelings regarding this one, as I really had fun playing it for two nights. Unfortunately, that's where it all ends. I would recommend this game, if its price was around 15 bucks max, but since it's almost 40 bucks, you'd expect a top-tier game.After playing F13th, I purchased ""Dead by Dawn"", which is by far a superior game, both content and quality wise. And cheaper! And you can play as Michael Myers and Laurie Strode!What's wrong with ""Friday""?- Glitches and bugs. The game feels completely unfinished. As a matter of fact, it feels so buggy, I got the impression (I'd like to believe, that it's wrong, though) like the development budget was split in 4, with 3/4 ending in fundraisers' pockets while 1/4 went to some Indian or Ukrainian freelancers, who barely started to learn Unreal Engine. Graphics look dated, even for an online game, gameplay annoys you with loads of bugs and the amount of texture glitches is unforgivable;- Game process is samey, repetitive and replay value is close to zero. There is not much you can do in this game, really. There are three camp maps, which are basically the same night time camps with different cabin layout. That does not matter, since actions, that you can perform inside cabins are ridiculously limited. Unlocking new Jasons and counselors does not help either, as they hardly vary. ""Fatalities"" are neither creative (even context ones) nor glitch-free most of the times. Counselors do not have any special abilities or personality traits. Jock, nerd or goth girl - it hardly matters as only random irrelevant stats vary. No wonder, online multiplay has a lot of trolls, as gamers quickly get bored doing same things over and over again.- Biggest issue - if you do not have many gamer friends (who have also purchased this game) with whom you can arrange a private session, you hardly get to play as Jason. Yes, you heard it right. In a game about serial killer, you hardly get to play as one. Out of 50 matches I played, the randomizer only gave me control of the masked killer twice. It is really random and not obvious to the player, when he gets to play as Jason. Developers could have introduced a queue algorithm or a visible randomizer (e.g. match drawing or rock-paper-scissors). Don't think, that offline bots will help much as their AI will most likely be glitchy and stupid as hell.- Another one for me (not everyone gets it) - push to talk does not work in this game. It really ruins any fun, that I could possibly get long-term from this game.In short, I feel like I'd been ripped off. I realize, that you also pay for a movie license, when you purchase this game, but this feels like a total cash-grab.If I were a kickstarter backer, I would definitely ask for a financial report of the funds raised and rather raise a question, where did 600 000 bucks intended for development actually go."
,Recommended,438740,31990138,Posted: 27 May,all,KodyackGaming,"it's good, it's fun, nearly if not all of the negative reviews are salty about things that a small dev team did an amazing job of working around or working with, considering their limited manpower.and the bugs and issues? Yes they exist, but they aren't that prominent or gamebreaking. less than most current triple A games, it's very well made. That's all."
76561198271746036,Recommended,438740,32461291,Posted: 15 June,all,BillvsHunter,yeah great game just 40.00 dollors is just a little much
,Recommended,438740,32029420,Posted: 28 May,all,Kit Darkness,"DBD player, at first I'd think F13 would be similar to dbd and turned out its totally 2 different game.DBD :Fast pace, 4v1, lots of different type of killers and play style, different maps and layoutF13 :Slower pace, 8v1, features lots of Jason's classic moves (like in the movie), survivors can fight back or even kill the killer, various objectivesUnfortunately F13 suffer day 1 release server problem due to high traffic volume even though the price is a bit higher, it may be justified if they will release free content in the future for the price tag. (possibly copy right fee for using F13 contents).Conclusion : it's super fun (though there's bugs and server problems) and I enjoy it. Looking forward for more future update for both dbd and F13."
,Not Recommended,438740,32131806,Posted: 2 June,all,Dangerous_Dan,"its okay, I mean why release a game in its apparent full and polished state when its clearly like an early release. there is so many glitches. i see past them because i love this franchise but still. come on guys. release some fricking updates. and get rid of those rubbish cut scene before every match!!!!played for too long to give it a chancve and now cant get a refund!! hoping devs pull their finger out and get this game good!!!!"
,Recommended,438740,32052572,Posted: 29 May,all,Cheese,Most of these reviews are either butthurt dbd fans or people that cant get inBut with that in mind if you plan on getting this game you have to know that jason is supposed to be overpowered and that we are supposed to get killed 9/10 times you must work together to escape this makes the game way more enjoyable and if you dont have a mic you are just ruining the fun for yourself and others
,Not Recommended,438740,32144738,Posted: 2 June,all,The Black Mongoose,"So before I get into the meat of it, I think Friday the 13th is a 4.5 out of 10 game. ""But Mongoose, why? It's SO GOOD."" Friday the 13th could've been ""so good"", but it falls flat for me due to game breaking bugs, balance issues, and generally lackluster gameplay. I've been looking forward to this game for almost a year now, and to see how it is, coming out unfinished, I'm disappointed. In 3/5 of your games, you will have the car flip over while you're trying to escape, you'll be caught in a visual glitch and unable to move, you'll just have a really bad time for most of the games you get in. Jason can glitch through the map, and end up dying, and completely ruin the experience! When playing the counselor, you can get 1-shot by Jason if he grabs you, unless you're one of the lucky few who can instantly get 3 pocket knives, and know where they are regardless of if you spawn near them or not. And playing Jason, people can just loop through houses with windows that can't be broken, and they just keep running around, as if they have infinite stamina. That brings up another point, stamina. I get that people who play the slow Jasons praise this feature, I'm I'm one of them, but most people don't play the slow Jasons, they play the jogger Jasons, and catch up to you in a flash. Unless you find a house with an unbreakable window, you'll run out, he'll get you, and you'll die, and no one will help you because most of the time, no one will understand you! A lot of games I get in have these Japanese, Russian, Korean, foreign dudes that don't speak a lick of English! And part of this game requires good communication! I get that as an indie developer, you can't get servers put in seperate countries, but you could've done something, anything, if you'd have taken longer to release. It feels unfinished, Jimmy, and I feel like I'm playing an early access game with a $40 price tag! This game is a $20 game at BEST! Not even Dead By Daylight is this busted! Sure, it has lots of DLC, but at least there's a gesture button to help with those foreign dudes! At least if the generators pop, there's no chance for them to suddenly not open the gates, barring your exit! With friends, the bugs are funny, you can laugh at them, but not when there's random people who you have no comfort in joking with, it's just annoying. With friends, the game goes up to a 5 out of 10, but it's still low because of the bugs and $40 price tag. If I didn't want to give the game more of a chance, then I would've refunded it, but I wanted to play it on the off chance my friends take interest, so I can't refund it, and right now, it feels like a waste of 40 bucks. Overall disappointment. Wait until the game's actually finished before buying it."
76561198004819927,Not Recommended,438740,33328675,Posted: 6 July,all,Dispatch,"I WANT AND I AM REQUESTING MY $40.00 BACK!!!!2 HOUR STEAM REFUND RULE MY A$$!THERE IS NO WAY TO KNOW SOMETHING IS BAD UNTIL YOU TRY IT OUT FOR A WHILE.I SHOULD HAVE LISTENED TO ALL THE BAD REVIEWER'S ABOUT THIS $HITTY GAME!THIS GAME SUCKS BIG TIME, IT'S GLITCHY AND BUGGY AND LAGGY AS HELL!I KEEP GETTING ""STUCK"" (A MAJOR GLITCH), IN THE WINDOW SILLS WHEN I TRY TO CLIMB THROUGH THEM AND THUS DYING NEEDLESSLY BECAUSE OF IT, AND I CAN'T MAKE IT STOP!**DO NOT BUY THIS GAME EVEN IF STEAM PUTS IT ON SALE!**YOU WILL BE LIKE ME, OUT $40.00 AND HAVE A GAME THAT IS UNPLAYABLE!BUY THIS GAME AT YOUR OWN PERIL, YOU HAVE BEEN FORWARNED!!!!"
76561198005918749,Not Recommended,438740,33119378,Posted: 2 July,all,Chiaki Nanami *Ultimate Gamer*,"Out of all the games i have played.....this one.....has pretty good graphics and gameplay......but is condemned by players who discriminate others for having fun in their own unique way.....people who want to have fun shouldn't have to put up with being called ""♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"" as well as many other offensive names......i just wanted to have some fun on this game like how i saw it on youtube......but no.......OF COURSE THAT WOULD NEVER HAPPEN!!!! >:( So.....in conclusion......if you don't like being treated like♥♥♥♥♥♥....DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,438740,33969875,Posted: 2 August,all,Chameleon,"Guys this game is funny but i cant play bcs of my graphic card. My graphic card is nvidia geforce 9400 GT. It is so old i know. the game says ""Your NVIDIA graphics driver has known issues. Please update to the latest driver version. NVIDIA GeForce 9400 GT 361.75 is recommended 342.01 is installed."" I install Geforce experience and this app says latest version is 342.01 and I install 361.75 from internet but i cant establish that driver who can help me pls help guys."
,Recommended,438740,32067317,Posted: 30 May,all,♡ sisyphe ♡,gud game
,Not Recommended,438740,33933030,Posted: 31 July,all,Spitfire,Waste of money
76561198391118040,Not Recommended,438740,32031937,Posted: 28 May,all,sharene10,"my game wont work, im may need to get a refund"
76561198345916154,Not Recommended,438740,32129693,Posted: 2 June,all,Noxious,"After playing 150 matchs between being Jason and being a victim, I cannot recommend this game. And not simply because Jason just out right wrecks everyone and of my matchs only two of them ended with one or two people escaping. No I cannot recommend this game simply because it does not punish people who intentionally try and ruin the game for others. No report system is in place to seperate or out right ban said players.The biggest issue comes from players who have teamed up to queue and one ends up being Jason. They then work together to tell them where the rest of players are and what objectives are being completed or chased after. This ruins any game play for the rest of players cause now you have Jason with 100% accuracy of everyone in game and knowing how you plan to escape. At that point the game is officially over, you are just wasting time.The second large scale issue is the fact that players who just dont care and want this game to end so they get the 500 exp ending will intentionally grab important items and swim into water or places that if they die they cant recover the items and it officially a I hope you can last 20 minutes game cause you cant call the cops and you cant start the car cause both are in lake. Ether way it is no longer a competitive game. It is well good luck your screwed game. Anyway avoid wasting your money people. Unless you have seven friends who will always be on to play a solid game with in private matchs this is a bust not due to the game design, but due to the community and the free will they have to punish other players experiences."
,Recommended,438740,33177323,Posted: 3 July,all,[:TMSA:] The Xenoborg,"I absolutely hate this game in its current state. I am quite disappointed with all the lost potential. But that does NOT mean it's a bad game. I've had so much fun playing this game, and I can't recall if I've had this much fun in any kind of multiplayer game in the past few months.This game is super, super fun. But it has way too many issues for me to keep playing it on a long term basis. I really want to like this game, but there are a lot of balance issues that need to be addressed.The developers definitely seem passionate about it and I hope their passion does not run out. I hope the game improves in the coming months and I'd love to offer suggestions and advice for an improved experience.The game's menu UI seems a bit lazy. They could have definitely made it more 80s-style aesthetic, like how Alien: Isolation captured the retro-sci fi style in every aspect of their game. I think the game's intro movies with all the logos etc are beautifully done. But that aesthetic and feeling comes to an abrupt halt with a generic looking menu with basic fonts and text. It's too simple and it doesn't fit. I wish the menu and UI would receive the same treatment as the into movies for the Gun Media logo and so on. It would help with immersion and also make the production value seem higher.To be brief, the animations, look and feel of the game seem a bit cheap. The models for the characters are ok, with the exception of all Jasons who are wonderfully done. The voice acting is acceptable. Pamela Vorhees on the other hand is quite well done and I always love listening to her.The game needs severe optimisation, because it runs poorly and looks poor too, even on Ultra settings. The game can benefit from community feedback regarding the balance issues. Jason is overpowered in all the right ways and should remain the same. BUT, the few ways the counsellors can escape him feel insufficient. Only a massively coordinated team can take on Jason, which means Jason would be cheesed throughout the match and would struggle with keeping up. Jason's traps are not enough and cannot be used again once set or triggered. I've only given some examples out of many. There is a lot of work left in the game and it feels incomplete.But if you get the right kind of players, you can definitely have a lot of fun in the game. I would still recommend it because of the fun factor. The only issue being, that fun factor quickly runs out and you don't feel like playing the game again, because it's repititive and the few options you have have not been tested properly at all. If the developers maintain  healthy communication with the community, we will have a fantastic game soon."
,Recommended,438740,31983106,Posted: 26 May,all,Scaryhunter,"I was worried about the price tag for this game, but to be honest it does worth the money. Very stressing-fun gameplay that i really do enjoy. recommend !"
,Not Recommended,438740,32007455,Posted: 27 May,all,TheWilly99,Its a great game. But when you cant even connect to a server or get into the game... Not recommended at this time. Also A BIIIT to expensive!
,Recommended,438740,31983036,Posted: 26 May,all,Desorbo,"Very fun game so far. The only thing I have gripes about is the $40 price tag. I'd probably pay $30 for it but oh well. Now if they started adding paid DLC that would just be a smack in the face.Buggy release so far, let's hope for quick patches."
,Not Recommended,438740,35213040,Posted: 25 September,all,[CA]-Jullinback,"First,the Jason is broken.Every round that's me being jason is complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.crappy controls,ppl hitting you through the ♥♥♥♥ing wall,etc.And it starts to be a real bull when everyone in the ♥♥♥♥ing game got a weapon or a gun,and guess what's worse?firekrackers.Just ♥♥♥♥ing imagine how stupid it will be when the canon Jason can be stuned by a firecracker,and the game would be broken when everyone got one and they just ♥♥♥♥ing put them under your feet one by oneand you basically cant move.Second,the controls sucks♥♥♥♥♥When you're playing Jason,he always dont hit the direction you want him to hit in.He hits in the direction he's facing in.I once blinked,and i should be able to hit someone,but the stupid♥♥♥♥♥jason just happens to be facing left,and then i hit the wall,and then he shot me.and then he ran.that's a big load of ♥♥♥♥.Third,there's too less map.There's only 3 maps in this game,and you can barely spot the difference and i felt like im playing the same map since crystal lake.I got a good suggestion:Manhattan!A actual different map and not just reskins of crystal lake!Even the Dead By Daylight can do it!Besides that,it feels nothing like the camp in the original movies!And most importantly,this cost more than Dead by daylight and less content then it!anyways,my suggestion is,Don't,Buy,But just yet.Making friday the 13th a game is a good concept,and i woundn't say that they didn't try to make it looking good.But it's just not fun.Maybe you can just try to come back years later,and see if it actually changed.changed into a game worth buying."
16739285618317339,Not Recommended,438740,34526147,Posted: 27 August,all,The Mighty Beard,not finished ...
,Not Recommended,438740,34674467,Posted: 1 September,all,Papa Penis,"this game made me jerk off my cat and butcher my loved ones like a bunch of pigs. More bugs than actual content. Devs are trash babies who can't do anything with a game that has sold thousands of copies with a $40 dollar price tag and a community who used to say ""It's just a bumpy start, it will get better"". Now you have a community who ridicules the devs and is waiting for a game worth it's price. Something we will probably never see. Gameplay is fun but you've seen everything in 20 hours of gameplay, maybe even less. There's roughly three ways the matches ever go:> Jason kills counselors and wins> Counselors escape or kill Jason and win> Disconnected from hostHoly ♥♥♥♥ the servers are trash. GUN MEDIA IS WORKING ON ANOTHER GAME WHEN THIS GAME IS UNFINISHED. LaChappa is hotty so thats a plus."
,Recommended,438740,35141342,Posted: 22 September,all,✰ Bri ✰,"WAIT FOR IT TO BE ON SALE!Yes I love this game a lot, but the price is not fair. There are still glitches and even though its a good game, the developers don't really care about their players and don't do much to help fix the game.I personally love this game for the following reasons:This game is based on, you guessed it, the Friday the 13th horror movies. All of the maps, characters, and Jason match the movies perfectly. I heard that the person who played Jason in the movies even helped with the creation of the game Jason.The details & graphics are amazing. I've played this game so much, and I still get freaked out every once in a while. Everything looks well done, and just drags you into the game.It's a complete blast if you're playing Jason, or the Campers. Most games you only enjoy being the monster, but here its different. There's a lot you can do to help yourself survive as a camper. Traps, weapons, flare guns, firecrackers, and much more.If you love a good horror survival game, or even just love the movies I highly suggest getting this game once it goes on sale."
,Not Recommended,438740,34749405,Posted: 4 September,all,MemeCloud,"Poorly developed in every way, not worth the price AT ALL! If you want a slasher like game get Dead by Daylight or other Xv1 games online.I give this game an overall score of 7.5/10, but only because the only way to have fun in this game is if you play with your friends..."
76561198079788513,Recommended,438740,35109620,Posted: 21 September,all,Knights Of Alandria,"I like it and had fun, ive never encountered any evil devs yet as so many people say and dont understand why everyone keeps calling the games graphics bad or moderate, I find them very high and realistic, though I do encounter children who should have no business here as they probably werent even born when the movies were released along with the game already being 18+, ive also encountered many salty players including a couple of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who were french and were calling me a dumb turkish noob because I missed my knife throw as jason, Ive also occasionaly encountered players who try to help jason or me when im jason, I usually exit the game when players help jason not bothering to put up with their ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, but when im jason I just go ahead and kill whoever is trying to help me first and as quickly as possible, once when I was jason I was chasing two campers when one of the jackasses hit the other player with their machete to slow them down getting them killed first and as if that wasnt enough he even kept yelling to kill the asian first because the player he wounded was of asian ethnicity, I immediately killed him but as the other player was the last survivor I had to kill him too which made me very sad lol :pOther than that there are indeed some annoying bugs like jason lifting up nobody during a kill or the animations shifting etc. etc. so far ive not encountered anyone using game glitches to cheat ingame."
76561198050127193,Not Recommended,438740,34709898,Posted: 3 September,all,maii,not worth
76561198378483923,Not Recommended,438740,34685154,Posted: 2 September,all,1Nstinc,"everytime is update, and before update my system requirement is smooth and Very Good, After Update i try turn on the flashlight is very very bad. not smooth again, is break for my gameplay, i want to uninstal but i buy this game, so thats it my another junk game. pls return to requirement system in first and let the gameplay is now, another film for jason"
,Not Recommended,438740,35037890,Posted: 17 September,all,NAViGaTR™,This game is filled with too many guys trying to flirt with girls. If you are running away with a girl Jason will run and kill you first. Loser♥♥♥♥♥fat♥♥♥♥♥gamers.
,Recommended,438740,32052794,Posted: 29 May,all,TriggerMeTimbers,"What a fantastic game. The first release of this game was a tad bit wonky. They didnt expect SO many people to buy this game at once. Now all of the server issues are fixed. The game is a great one, you can tell that they genuinly wanted this game to be amazing. Very good all around"
76561198030903272,Not Recommended,438740,32273394,Posted: 8 June,all,geenadavisrules,"Price is too high, it's decent but considering you have to play with friends in groups for it to be playable, and the content you get from it, it's definitely not worth 40 bucks, but it'd be worth 20, and that is more reasonable to talk friends into getting it for 20 bucks, nobody is gonna pay 40 for this that isn't a hardcore friday the 13th fan, but you'd get alot more purchases if you went down to 20. I already know alot of people that refended their purchase cuz they feel like it wasn't worth 40 bucks for what they got, but they would rebuy it if it went down to 20. Plain and simple, this is a 20 dollar game for what you get."
76561198115271381,Recommended,438740,32029198,Posted: 28 May,all,MajorDuckFarts,"This game is great and deserves a way better score than its got. Negative reviews seem to be from people who had a bad first experience and then stopped playing after that. It's a little glitchy right now since it just came out, but nothing game breaking. I highly recommend this game if you're a fan of horror multiplayer style games."
76561198036226850,Not Recommended,438740,32050046,Posted: 29 May,all,wilhitewarrior,"This is a difficult game to review, because good or bad really depends on what side of the fence you're playing on. Steam really needs an option other than reccommended or not, buy because you'll play as counselors far more often, I had to go with not reccommended. When you're playing as Jason, the game is actually a lot of fun. If you're playing as a counselor, however (and actually trying to survive) not so much.This game is incompetently unbalanced in Jason's favor. It's quite clear where all the developers thought and effort went when designing it. Jason has plenty of ways to find and catch counselors while counselors have nothing at all to give them any sort of advantage.There are two ways for a counselor to survive, (three if you count killing Jason but the circumstances required for that are nearly impossible).1. By finding gas, a car battery and keys for the car and driving the car away. The locations of these are randomized, so they could be anywhere. The car handles for crud, however, and if you hit anything at all, (including Jason) it will crash and it will take you a few seconds to get the car started again. However, Jason will usually know when the car is moving so all he needs to do is teleport in front of the car and you'll likely hit him.2. By finding the phone box fuse, phone box and using the phone to call the cops. A five minute timer will come up and once the police arrive you can go to the location that they spawned and escape. However, not only is the location of the fuse randomized, so is the phone itself, and unlike Jason's map, the phone is NOT marked on the counselor's map. So even if a counselor DOES stumble upon the phone box fuse, they most likely won't know where to take it unless someone else knows where it is. Which brings me to my next point.The idea behind the gameplay of the counselors was clearly teamwork. You were meant to work together to find everything, which would be fine, however, there were issues even with this.First and foremost... There's no text chat in the game. So if you have no mic (or in my case, the mic isn't working with this game for whatever reason) you're out of luck. If you should stumble across the fuse, you can't ask someone else where the phone is.Second, until you and the other counselors find walkie-talkies, you can only communicate with counselors that are nearby so even if you CAN talk to other counselors, if you're alone or the counselors nearby to you can't help you, you're out of luck unless both you and the one that can help you have a walkie-talkie.Third, dead players cannot communicate with living ones. This might seem obvious, but it creates a huge problem. If a counselor dies, he can't tell those still living ""I had the phone box fuse."" or whatever he might have had on him. Meanwhile, the other counselors are still looking for that vital item in the usual locations because they don't even know to look for it elsewhere, having no idea that it's laying in the middle of the wilderness somewhere near that player's corpse.Unlike the beta, counselors do NOT begin with a map. Counselors have to find their map (which are also randomly placed). Until you do, you're basically wandering blind. This is not true of Jason, he DOES have a map to begin with, and his map is more detailed. He knows where the phone box and electrical boxes are. Counselors do not, even if they DO have a map.And lastly, counselors have no option to quit the game without sacrificing their XP, even if they've died. If you die, you have to sit back and spectate the rest of the game (unless in the unlikely event that you get resurrected as Tommy Jarvis). So if you die early on, you could very well be sitting and watching instead of actually playing for the next 20 minutes, unless you want to lose experience gained in the game.To sum up, Jason is given nothing but advantages while counselors are given nothing at all. If the communication issues between counselors were resolved, it would go a long way toward fixing these problems"
,Not Recommended,438740,32606792,Posted: 20 June,all,GTA Deluxe,gets old super fast. run from this purple ♥♥♥♥. yay.
,Not Recommended,438740,32047150,Posted: 29 May,all,Saucy Wizard,I don't think the devs have played their own game yet...
,Recommended,438740,32020838,Posted: 28 May,all,slusho.jp,"All counselors escapePamela Voorhees still congratulates JasonJason is good boyeEven if Jason lose, mother still love"
76561198131670452,Not Recommended,438740,32030550,Posted: 28 May,all,CompetitiveCoffeeBean,"**WARNING**DO NOT BUY THIS GAME YET!, THERE ARE TOO MANY BUGS FOR A GAME THAT COSTS YOU $40 BUCKS!!PLEASE WAIT UNTIL THEY FIX THESE BUGS BEFORE YOU FORK OUT THE DOSH!1. Basic party search errors2. menu connection errors"
,Recommended,438740,33192781,Posted: 3 July,all,The Biker™,"Ok so I got the game 2 days ago and I played quite a lot of matches with my friend.Don't expect this review to be long cuz that ain't my thing but I can tell you 2 things about the game:1: It's BRUTAL !2: It's very fun to play,especially if you have a friend or two to play with.I'm not saying it's not fun to play alone,It actually is because you can interact with the other people,plan strats,exchange info about Jason's location and car or boat's condition etc.Some tips from me:1: Ok so i might sound annoying and repetative but...FFS use your Mic.You are going to be doing the team and even yourself a HUGE favour,but don't speak when Jason is around cuz he can hear you too :p2: Don't rage quit when Jason kills you..i mean i have done it myself because i was close to escaping but it's just bad sport.3. If and when you respawn as Tommy Jarvis please just please don't be a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and think that this is a second live.Tommy Jarvis comes for a reason and that reason is helping your teammates escape!!!Ok so thats's about it guys.I hope i see you ingame sometime :p Happy hunting if you are Jason and happy surviving if you are a counselor!"
76561198130466616,Not Recommended,438740,35115413,Posted: 21 September,all,Sticky Finger,This game is still a hot mess 4 months after release. Plays like a half fininshed early access title still. Don't waste your money. Dead by Daylight is much more fun.
,Recommended,438740,34563627,Posted: 28 August,all,76Bro,Idk why people dislike the game it's fun I know it has a lot of glitches but they well fix it so yea love the game:-)
76561198218458060,Not Recommended,438740,34169468,Posted: 11 August,all,Om3ga-Z3ro,"I only play this because Dead by Daylight dosent work for me, what I think about this game is pretty negative, it's boring there isn't much diversity, I know the game is about James but goddamn. The difference between all the James isn't really that drastic, I choose a James by the looks not the skills and it's the same thing in every match over and over and over again. If dead by daylight had more competent matchmaking and servers I would be playing that instead."
,Recommended,438740,34918461,Posted: 13 September,all,Cool Addy,"The game is awesome but I am facing a problem. I live in India,Friday the 13th and series is not much popular here. When I initially played the game I had no problem in finding lobbies but now I cannot find lobbies maybe because of server change,And I am all alone in the lobby.Devs plz do something ,There's no fun in playing the game this way.Please try to fix the problem,so The game is at least playable."
,Recommended,438740,34107806,Posted: 8 August,all,Ghouls,"Very good, hours of fun. But please, use a mic. It's much better that way."
76561198142953520,Not Recommended,438740,34578588,Posted: 29 August,all,thegamerperson101,"This game was good the devs made it horrible but lying about dlc, making a patch that broke and bugged the game even more jusy go by dead by daylight these devs are the worst poeple for this for than even........ dare i say it ea"
76561198053922309,Not Recommended,438740,34715162,Posted: 3 September,all,ItsBacon,BAD GAME ALT+F4 DELETE THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥FROME STEAM
,Not Recommended,438740,31987852,Posted: 26 May,all,Ghoul,"As of right now I can't reccomend the game. Is it fun? It can be, but the game can also be incredibly buggy, unbalanced and very furstrating.As far as bugs go, there are a lot of weird visual bugs, from characters hair freaking out, to objects disappearing, to weird clipping issues. There's also some game breaking glitches like Jason not being able to move, survivors not being able to pickup/use item or interact with doors or windows, or the car/boat randomly flipping in the air and freaking out. Overall the game also just lacks a lot of polish, the animations are super janky, Jason is invincible in a lot of his animations and when you swing at him your weapon can go right through him if he is in a specific animation.And overall things are just pretty rough and buggy, as jason can randomly just phase through doors, animations won't go off, and jason can also randomly grab you from much further away then it looks like he should etc. etc. Overall the game can use a lot of work as far as bugs and polish go, especially for a $40 game.Balance. Well, Jason is OP. And not in a good way. Jason can teleport ontop of you and instagrab you for an instakill. When your grabbed, jason can pull of an instakill animation, and there isn't anything you can to stop it unless you have a reall rare item that there are usually only four of on the entire map. It's super frustraiting and has no counterplay. Then we have stamina, stamina is really weird, you want to use it to get around fast, but it depletes very fast, it makes sense and is needed, but when jason is chasing you, eventually you will just die as you'll run out of stamina and resort to a snails pace which is very weird as youre being chase by Jason, so you would think you'd find it in you to keep running. Overall it's not a huge deal, it's just weird. Then we have spawns, spawns are super predictable as survivors always spawn next to objectivs, so right when Jason spawns, he almost always just teleports to a car area, and then if you're unlucky, he'll find you within the first 30 seconds of the match, and there's literally nothing  you can do to get away. It's just a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ feeling. This then brings me to another point, you can't leave a match if you die. Well you can, but you'll get next to nothing if you do. You get 500 EXP for leaving. In comparison, you only get 120 for fighting jason, 10 for closing and baricading a door, and 10 for arming yourself. You also only get 200 for surviing. So if you die within the first 3 minutes, which will happen, have fun waiting for another 15 if you want any exp. You should get full EXP once Tommy is called in. On the other hand, I've had matches end in 2 minutes when I was a survivor, as sometimes you'll just get lucky and spawn right next to two objectives, and there's not much jason can do unless he spawns ontop of you. Overall, the game needs a LOT of balancing.Servers. Servers right now are just, dead. People can't connect, party has a lot of issues, and then ontop of that once you are in a game and find a group of players all with mics, you can just get randomly kicked for no reason.Gameplay. Gameplay at it's core is very good, if they fix all the bugs and balance stuff, this game would be really fun. At the same time though, if you get in a lobby with no one with mics, which happens more then you might think, the game is just not fun. You won't win, as communication is crucial to winning. But, the game can be insanely fun when you get a good group going with everyone.I would honestly say wait. Wait for the game to go on sale, or for them to fix up the bugs and balance stuff. As it stands right now though, I do enjoy the game, but I can't honestly recommend it unless you're a horror movie super fan or have a large group of friends to play with."
,Not Recommended,438740,32586647,Posted: 20 June,all,ValkyrieGaming,"I get crashes here and there but I would like to see if they can fix this -- I get memory crashes, fatal errors and freeze screen --- this game ran good in the last few days but bugged out today and I don't know why"
76561198120975870,Not Recommended,438740,33487354,Posted: 12 July,all,✪krisskross | SISLOVESME.com,jake paulerslogangersbugsmay cause an urge to drink bleach$40 bucks
76561198293780725,Not Recommended,438740,32629276,Posted: 21 June,all,Alexis,"Not worth the money.So many bugs, toxic♥♥♥♥♥community.It's honestly like the devs launched an unfinished game.The more patches they release to ""fix"" bugs, the more bugs show up.Not to mention the fact that when you die you gotta sit through a 20 minute long game doing absolutley nothing.Atleast they made the game alot like the movie, as in you end up watching 90 ♥♥♥♥ing percent of it!the other %10 is trying to run away from an extremely broken killer, while he grabs you from miles away and kills you, 3 seconds to perferm an execution after a grab? nah, that ♥♥♥♥♥ INSTANT, not fair, bad game, horrible community, and alot of chinese for some reason.Not worth my money. If I could refund it, I would, but since I can't I have to struggle through games of all this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t just to find my moneys worth, and so far, I've found nothing."
76561198332560711,Not Recommended,438740,32102902,Posted: 1 June,all,SeaCrusader70,"Was looking forward to playing this game but, i cannot re-map the keyboard. I play with a French keyboard, AZERTY instead of QWERTY, and it is just too hard to play with the default layout. What sort of game doesn't let you re-map the keyboard in 2017. It's a shame as i think i would have enjoyed this game. Requested a refund. Beware if your keyboard is anything other than QWERTY, you will have extreme difficulty playing."
76561198299613592,Not Recommended,438740,32707560,Posted: 23 June,all,TomDragon,"terrible, bad quality, and really bad reception when i have a good pc"
76561198001669637,Not Recommended,438740,32034780,Posted: 28 May,all,Holysmite22,"Really?, this game is so infested with bugs its not even fun. On top of that Jason is so damn operverpowered it makes being a surviror almost impossible. I get jason is supposed to be a God, but he should not be able to swim 100 MPH and be able to    shift to you and insta grab you. Plus throwing knives, geezez. This game was a disapointment and a waste of 40 dollars."
,Recommended,438740,33596816,Posted: 16 July,all,BananaCrumb,"Good game, Killed a bunch of blondes, got beaten by some blondes, bashed someone's head in with a door, and then came home to play Friday the 13th"
76561198392750647,Not Recommended,438740,32515767,Posted: 17 June,all,Kjbj12,continues to have errors launching game with missing files despite nultiple attemps of uninstalling and redownloading
,Not Recommended,438740,34959114,Posted: 14 September,all,*jake.,oof
76561198113234664,Not Recommended,438740,34898081,Posted: 12 September,all,Envy_Me,developer is♥♥♥♥♥♥/ stupid kid 12
,Not Recommended,438740,34655994,Posted: 1 September,all,lonofwar,The game is dead.
,Not Recommended,438740,32045344,Posted: 29 May,all,Aazatgrabya,"Pretty amateurish stuff here.  Although I was not expecting a tripple A experience, I was certainly not expecting a game that doesn't live up to the abilities of some of the youngest Early Access programs.This game needs work, and a few patches is not going to cut it."
,Not Recommended,438740,31987137,Posted: 26 May,all,oSergiiio,"So far I haven't been able to play! So other then that I am very dissapointed can't connect to the servers been doing this for the last 4hrs. They said restart steam an keep opening an closing the game, as well just hitting the retry button. AND STILL NOTHING has worked."
,Not Recommended,438740,32259181,Posted: 7 June,all,Zeb89,"Jason is overpowered and can easily kill all survivors granted he isn't a retard.If you have ever survived as a councelor it's because you either got super lucky and bum rushed the cops, or Jason was simply a turd brained dirtbag who couldn't play well to save his life. That's a set in stone fact, but you'll be accused of whining by fanboys if you dare bring it up in voice chat. Pointing out any flaws will get you into trouble.As a councelor, winning or losing heavily depends on luck since you need to loot the right items quickly.The following, however, is utterly foul:1. Jason's abilities are overpowered mainly because they recharge too quickly. Cooldowns should be slightly increased across the board.2. Jason gets an audio warning when councelors start the car and can even track it on the map. Again, there is no escape even from a half decent Jason in this case. If you survived it's because the player controlling Jason was a monkey. It's that simple.3. Boat escape is simply suicide. Certain death. Jason swims at the speed of light and will capsize your a$$. You'd be better off camping  for the match time to expire.4. Jason can always see where you are regardless of noise because of the broken sense/fear system. He WILL find you.This causes the gameplay to be considerably unfun. It's still good for the sheets and giggles if you play with a group of friends (minimum 4) but otherwise just let this game slide. It's not worth the money right now mainly due to sheer lack of content.Besides the questionable gameplay balance, the game is plagued with various bugs. Ranging from ridiculous animation errors to not being able to move, being able to fly, etc.Lastly, you can actually be a prick and sabotage matches. You can team kill other councelors and eliminate important items from the map by either hiding them or dropping them into the water.If you want to have fun, just shift choke everyone as Jason without ever using any other kill animation. The classic choke is guaranteed to p1ss people off.I would stay the hell away from Friday the 13th until it gets proper updates."
76561198133963990,Recommended,438740,32048988,Posted: 29 May,all,Bedza,After the will fix everything this game will be awesome. It was awesome at closed beta already.
,Not Recommended,438740,31987915,Posted: 26 May,all,RonTheGreat,Definately not worth the $40 price tag. Especially when I can't get past the main menu screen. Dead by Daylight ran better than this from day one early access for $20. Definately getting a refund.
,Recommended,438740,31992102,Posted: 27 May,all,Hopeless Henkka,"My favorite aspect of this game is that you still get EXP even if you quit early. I have no ♥♥♥♥ing clue how everyone is even able to think that you don't. Steam review community is probably the dumbest bit of internet I knowThe game is really fun and it's a fairly 'good' game by whatever standards I can think of. It's not amazing or perfect by any means, but I'd personally give it a solid 8/10. Might be a bit biased as a fan of the franchise though.My biggest problem with this game are the other Jason players. Most of the time they seem to just hit the instakills instantly. Why kill for the sake of winning. Why not make it fun for yourself. I bet these are the guys who lie about the EXP.I'm probably going to get downrated to hell because it's the cool thing to do to hate this game now and lie about many aspects of it while being dumb as a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ rock. I'm not telling you guys to like the game, I'm telling you guys to actually have points that exist for hating it."
76561198212577313,Recommended,438740,35224613,Posted: 26 September,all,Holy shit is that a dead body?!,Laggy but really good!
76561198044558359,Not Recommended,438740,32525847,Posted: 17 June,all,leviathan678,"I do like this game. I like it far more than dead by daylight. However, there are good and bad things about this game.pros-If you liked the movies or wanted a better dead by daylight this is it.-graphics- are surprisingly good, the facial animations are funny and the models are all good looking.-atmosphere -is great, its scary to be chased by jason or fun to be chasing a counselor.cons-BUGS(main issue)- there are too many bugs. This is a ""full release"" game now and the amount of bugs in it are unforgivable. most if not all the bugs you encounter will simply mean that you are dead that match and its sad.-jason's grab- I know jason is supposed to be op as developers even stated. however, if you are grabed without a pocket knife then you're dead. sometimes an ally can save you but jason has very wierd invincibility frames and can excecute you very quickly. You Will Not Escape A Grab Spamming E (unless jason is determinted to do an enviromental kill)-no report system- people can and will betray you telling jason everything or even being his friend from the lobby. this will ruin that match.-hit detection- there are times you will hit jason and he won't get stuned or even realize you hit him. Yes he can block which makes it so he doesn't get stunned. However, you WILL hit him while hes not blocking and he will not be stunned this is a bug/flawed hit system that when it occurs (frequently) it will result in your death very unfairly.Overall I do enjoy this game. It has a great concept and I do have some fun.Edit: recent patch has improved bug problems a bit. there are still bugs but not as frequent which is greatly appreciated. Unfortunately a big problem im running into is the jason grab, as usual, and it grabing me or the people around me from much farther away than it should. teleporting us backward into it. This could be lag issues with either jason or the servers as my ping is on average 32-40. But it's still a issue that results in death. and when you have to wait for everyone else to die or the 20 min after death i judge each death rather highly as it is essentially wasting my time."
76561198125145104,Recommended,438740,32259837,Posted: 7 June,all,Nativeblood,He is jason ofc he fkn kills fast quit biching and have fun.
76561197994831601,Not Recommended,438740,32035311,Posted: 28 May,all,Slapdaddy,"Played for 1.2 hours or so.  As with most modern releases of video games, this launch played similarly.  The game was riddled with bugs and lacked some design elements that have been basic and integral to PC games for the last 20+ years.  Keep in mind that this is current as of the game version on 5-29-17.Think you're going to be able to start the game?  Probably not.Think you're going to be able to find a proper match without someone having a 500ms ping?  Good luck.Glitches and cheaters are beginning to hit the game already as well.  Have fun with that.Have an issue with the keyboard controls?  Too ******* bad.  You're using THEIR control scheme and that's final.  You cannot rebind any of your controls.The game has been released for $40 and has bugs that were present 6 months ago during the alpha stage of the game's development.  So it makes you wonder what the developers were doing for that 6 month span of time, right?  The problem is that many games these days have developers that are initially engaging with the community but drop their game and it's community like a hot rock after a certain amount of time - almost as if they can't fix it and just give up.  I'm not saying that these developers will do this, but is it a possibility?  Yes, it is a possibility.  And given just how bad the game is in it's current state, I'm not entirely certain that the developers are competent in fixing these issues.So right now you have a few choices.  You can buy the game in it's current broken state and hope and pray and have faith that the developers will fix issues with the game.  You can wait until such a time that the game is in a playable state and purchase it then.  Or you cannot purchase it at all."
,Not Recommended,438740,34456356,Posted: 24 August,all,Will Henry,How bout i just wanna give you DOWN THUMB
76561198012592997,Not Recommended,438740,32162689,Posted: 3 June,all,Jay the Spoopy Fock,"If you want a fun, thrilling asymmetrical horror game that will scare you, keep looking, this isn't that.If you want a game that's very clunky, OVERLY unbalanced, and only really fun when you play the Killer side or with friends, get this!  Just remember - you can't choose to be the killer or the counselor.  The game chooses it for you.In this game, the counselors are nothing more than prey for Jason - and you don't get to choose if you're the prey or the predator.  So enjoy most games where Jason teleports behind you, grabs you instantly, and unless you have a rare item that spawns randomly, get strangled in .02 seconds of seeing him.There's hardly any ways to defend yourself and teammates can't even help you if Jason begins a ""kill"" animation, even if your character is fully intact.Did I mention Jason can teleport right beside you without warning and insta-kill you?  Cause yeah, he can.The game isn't balanced.  If you wanna survive maybe 1 in every 20 games, and get killed most other games within 5 minutes, this is for you!If you don't wanna play unbalanced, unpolished garbage, this isn't for you!  Unless you have friends, then it's fun to laugh at because of how ridiculously bad it is."
76561198133671678,Not Recommended,438740,31987934,Posted: 26 May,all,ShiaLaButtFuck,"This game is complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ It is beyond buggy, janky animations, and not too good gameplay. Don't waste your $40."
76561198258600642,Not Recommended,438740,32009039,Posted: 27 May,all,gregory shitler,This game isn't worth 40$ at this moment
76561198088577248,Recommended,438740,32363981,Posted: 12 June,all,Legge,"This is one AWESOME game! Definitely puts DBD to shame.  When the game first came out there were a few server issues which caused high ping, but those were sorted out within a few days.  I am playing from Australia and latency is of no issue unless you are from China (china #1!)There are a few bugs but nothing game breaking.  I'm sure the devs are hard at work with an update coming soon to address some of these issues.Pros:- Great graphics- Really fun to play with friends (and randoms if they have mic! Most do)- Can get really suspenseful especially when driving the vehicles!- Great perk system with over 30+ different perks and tiers.- Can customize your councellor's clothing- Stable servers- Can play for hours and not get bored.Cons:- A few small bugs with partying up with friends, some people dc when you join a match as a group (Intermittent)- The price of the game. Although it really is a great game to play, $40 USD is overpriced.Overal the game is amazing and provides hours of entertainment!Overal score:9/10"
,Recommended,438740,32517329,Posted: 17 June,all,twitch.tv/rokog_,"So at first I was a Dead by Daylight player and enjoyed the game very much. Now when this game came out I thought it was stupid,glitchy,and the killer was too op. I was right about the glitchy part for example(Counselors can get on the roof,or Jason sometimes stays in stun mode forever) But this game is very fun and addictive. Sure there are a lot of glitches but it's no big deal) The graphics are pretty good,alot of movie easter eggs. I give this game a nice 9/10."
76561198204063280,Not Recommended,438740,32041419,Posted: 29 May,all,Taliban Dan,"The game itself is great but that damn shift ability is ridiculous, i know he needs to be overpowered but that just isn't fun.Jason should have to chase you more to make it more tense because as of now when im running i just think 'any second now he is going to shift' which sucks."
,Not Recommended,438740,32518921,Posted: 17 June,all,Thunder Cuhnt,"Ill keep this short and sweet, simply, its not worth the money. This game is also awful when you are playing on your own due to people not communicating with you, people trolling you, and people speaking in another language due to the way the servers work. Also, so many bugs i can name countless bugs. Feels like its still and early access game. I would only buy it if you have the money to spend (dont save up for it), its an enjoyable game but as i said, not worth the price."
76561198065943743,Not Recommended,438740,32416954,Posted: 14 June,all,☯ FearMe ☯,"I bought the game, played a few rounds, felt like a early access game, but no, it's a released game that costs *WAY TOO MUCH*.Wouldn't really recommend this."
,Recommended,438740,32013823,Posted: 28 May,all,herbbug,"$39.99 for a demo.As far as demos go it's pretty good.I don't usually pay for demos but this is pretty fun.Every round you complete nets you some CP to buy perksand some EXP to unlock characters, unfortunately these arefeatures that are only available in the full game.The party system is actually working now which is great,provided you can connect to servers in the first place.Overall Verdict: 10/10 Stab me in the eyes, impale me on a fence, crush my skull with bird feeder.Definitely fun game, not in alpha or beta, not early access (AMEN) or so they say... this is a new breed we can call EPSILON.If you enjoy throwing your money at broken games this is great fit, if it's not your style there is always Uplay by Ubisoft that has a bunch of similarly performing titles of different genres."
76561198115555156,Recommended,438740,32602779,Posted: 20 June,all,Fast and Celal Baba,Great game but there are some bugs
76561197983359695,Recommended,438740,32481075,Posted: 16 June,all,GabeGWC,"I've gotten this game since the patch came out so I haven't had any problems getting matches and I've been able to play them with no lag at all. I have honestly had the most fun playing as a counselor trying to escape rather than playing as Jason himself. However there are a few things that concern me and is sort of ruining the gameplay experience for me. I'll try and explain them in the best way that I can.1.  Glitching to win:There are several glitches in the game currently that are making the game tedius when exploited. For example there is a glitch that will allow you to run while in combat mode as a counselor and while doing so you get walk as fast as you would if you were sprinting and if your stealth stat is high enough you can quickly traverse the map undetected.Another glitch that I have seen while playing the game is similar to the bear trap glitch that will be patched soon. This glitch allows counselors to glitch into the walls completely out of Jason's reach. The game heavily favors Jason winning and I get how annoying that is but there's nothing more annoying then having to wait the full 10 and sometimes 15 minutes for Jason to tirelessly swing and attempt to grab them whil they're stuck in the wall. I've recently played in a match where a counselor glitched into the door and ended up just above the door frame. Jason was able to kill him by just hitting the door but for some reason the game didn't register him as being dead and with all the counselors dead the game just sat there for the remaining 10 minutes anyway.2. Jason:As I've stated in the previous paragraph Jason is meant to be so strong that winning is in his favor but there are a few things about Jason that are simply unfair and if not changed then it could cause some people to steer away from the game.For starters Jason is able to hit your through walls, doors and windows. I don't know why this is the case but if Jason is chasing you and you run into a cabin and shut the door, while your'e locking the door behind you he can swing through the door and hit you. Not only does he hit you but he also does damage to the door reducing the hits needed to knock it down.In the same instance if you should go through a window the animation for diving through is so long that he can hit you as you hit the floor by swinging through the window. I have lost quite a few matches this way. Where I would go through the window and Jason's weapon would clip through the window and still hit me. With the ability to just walk through any baracade while in rage mode it just seems unfair that he should be able to swing through a door or a wall and be able to hit you as well.The most annoying thing about Jason is his ability to grab you. I have not played Jason enough times to know how his grab feature works completely (Yes after playing 27 hours in the game I've only played as Jason maybe 10 times...), but some of his grabs literally take less than a second to pull off. So unless you have a pocket knife or a friend with good aim, you're going to die no matter how fast you tap the button mapped to escape his grip.Aside from his grap kills and their short time windows, the biggest problem with Jason's grab is that it's immunte to everything. Here are some examples of his grab being completely OP that I have seen.A. I have seen plenty of Jason's grab a counselor as their shotgun blast goes off allowing Jason to completely ignore the dameage and stun state.B. I have seen Jason players grab counselors who are in the middle of swinging a weapon at them. This completely nigates the use of weapons in the game as you'll never be able to hit Jason with them. It doesn't matter if you wait around the corner or wait in the next room for an ambush. If he sees you swinging, he can grab you right out of it. The only time I've seen weapons used effectively is when Jason is still in a swinging animation from knocking down a baracaded door.C. Jason's grab makes the victim part of his body. What I mean by this is I've seen times where Jason would grab a counselor and one of their friends would come to their aid and hit Jason with a weapon but at the same time kill their friend. Now this is obvious with the shotgun as the spread would hit both people. But I have seen this happen with a baseball bat, a sword and even the wrench. While Jason is in the grab state, a counselor would hit him from behind and the player would drop dead as Jason goes into the stun animation. And the death explanation would say ""Betrayed""D. Jason is able to grab counselors out of the window as they're climbing through. I know that this seems like a perfectly legit thing to have for Jason but what makes it unfair to me is that the counselor has to go through an animation in order to get through the window that they can not cancel should Jason be nearby. And there have been times where he has grabbed them after they've made it inside cabin. Though this can be contributed to latency issues, I feel like it's happened way too many times to just be lag.3. Hiding:There is a mechanic in the game that allows counselors to hide in closets and under beds. There are even maps that allow you to hide in tents. However this entire feature is useless and should be removed because Jason's Sense ability allows him to see exactly where you are hiding. This is more evident when he is in rage mode. So the counselors should have the ability to hide removed and replaced with something more useful as I have never seen a situation where hiding was beneficial. For some reason, even while hiding counselors generate enough fear to appear in Jason's Sense ability.4. Counselor stats:And finally the biggest issue I see with the game so far that is ruining it for me is the counselors in general. In my opinion, there's absolutely no reason to pick a male counselor in this game unless you're trying to kill Jason that run. The male counselors in the game are so underpowerwed that I have found myself picking female counselors so that I don't die within the first 10 seconds of the match. Granted some of those deaths were just me spawning by cars and spawning in the telephone cabin(which are common places that Jason players check first) but there have been several times where I would start out as a male counselor and do nothing but walk or crawl as soon as I spawn and Jason will instantly teleport to me and kill me after chasing me for nearly 4 to 6 minutes. The only two possibilities that I can think of for this is either the Jason players have a hack that lets them see exactly where you are or males make enough noise while walking and crawling to get Jason's attention. Stats included the female counselors have the highest stats across the board saving the strength stat. And the only male counselor worth playing is Tommy Jarvis. It's been my experience that walking and crawling don't matter at all for male counselors.  If you do decide to play the male characters be prepared to find yourself running from Jason withing the first 2 or so minutes of the game. Whereas I believe there's only one female character out of the bunch that can't freely job around the map undetected.Despite this I have had tons of fun with the game so far. I haven't been bothered by only having three maps though I do hope they add more and the myth of this game only being fun in a lobby with friends isn't really true in my opinion. I've played it solo now since I've had it and there's only been one guy that I can think of that was a terrible person to most people in the lobby. I have enjoyed playing the game and sometimes turning on my mic to talk to people and work together. If this game were 59.99 I would say wait. And at 39.99 you should only buy it if you like this genre of game. It will not be for everyone and sometimes not even for fans at its current price. I can say for myself though that I haven't regretted my purchase yet."
,Recommended,438740,32054894,Posted: 29 May,all,Mugmug,"Contrary to what a lot of people are saying, this game is the most fun I've had in a very long time. I put faith in the devs through the rocky launch and I was not disappointed.*Note* I am bias towards anything F13 as growing up I loved and still loved the original movies, seen them close to a hundred times. The original F13 movies are my favorite movies ever, so this game gives me a very warm and nostalgic feeling to play.That being said I still feel like once the devs smooth over the game people unlike myself who have no attachment to f13 will enjoy fully aswell.*Final Verdict*To f13 fans - you'll have the time of your life as I am having.Others - you may be a bit critical as the game does have a few bugs  (although I have personally not run into any) for the price but I urge you to put your trust in the devs as I have done, as I truly believe we will not be let down."
,Not Recommended,438740,32051514,Posted: 29 May,all,El Pollo Loco,"Everything about this game was a waste of money. The only redeeming quality is the Jason models look cool, but then you can just watch the movies for that.The controls are pretty bad and it feels like you're playing some original release Playstation 1 game. As a brand new game in 2017 for the PC and high end consoles this is a huge letdown. You use the same button to open and close windows and doors that you use to climb in and out of them so you wind up closing doors and windows and yourself instead of walking through them or locking them. Aiming weapons to actually try and hit Jason is ridiculous. Same goes for opening drawers and picking up items, you wind up opening and closing a drawer two or three times before you actually pick up whats inside. You can't climb over anything so if you trying running through the woods or around fences prepare to get stuck on a lot of sticks and ankle-high bushes.I understand he's supposed to be, but Jason is just way too powerful. Being able to warp anywhere, travel super fast, see everyone everywhere at any spot on the map, and make it so you can't hear him, is a little much when as a counselor all you get is some crappy monkey wrench and you trip every 4 seconds while trying to jog with your 3 seconds of stamina. Even if you hide in a cabin Jason can just use his Superman powers and the entire cabin lights up red. When you do get close enough to hit him all the player as Jason does is hit the warp button and they just disappear and reappear right behind you and grab you. On top of that he also gets throwing knives and bear traps along with his spawn weapon so fixing cars is out since all the Jasons ever do is teleport to the cars and drop traps around them. When he grabs you it's instant death. You get the chance to break free by rapidly pressing a key but there's no way to be able to press it enough to get him to let you go before he kills you. Once he grabs you he's immune from all attacks until his animation is over so even if you have others around, as soon as he grabs you you're dead. Even 7 vs 1 this game is way too one sided.You only get three maps which makes the game seem old fast because they're all similar.Playing a normal public match is out of the question with all the extremely rampant team killing, horrible racism (I left a game after under 3 min becuase I couldn't take being called a ""dirty beaner"" over and over), 10 year olds just screaming in the microphone the whole time (one game every time you'd try and talk like 4 dudes would key up and just call you a ""n***er"" over and over until you stopped talking). Nobody ever plays as a team or even talks unless they're insulting someone or acting like an idiot and screaming and stuff for their twitch channel or youtube account. When they announce this it always seems to ramp up the racism also, if at all anymore possible. One way to win is to fix a car but nobody ever works together on this and the person with the keys never says anything and just runs off in the middle of the woods and dies with them. The only really fun way to play this is to find 7 friends all at once that want to play this game at the same time and play it that way.I played public matches for over 3 hours and have yet to be Jason once or win as a counselor. Every game ends within the first 7-10 min with Jason winning every time.That's another problem, you don't get any of the XP you earned throughout the round until the round is over, so as soon as you die you have to just sit there and wait...and wait...and wait...and wait...and just listen to kids acting stupid for their videos and spouting off every racist comment they can think of over team chat. I guess it's cool if you like hearing a kid screech in a high pitched voice ""I'M GOING TO KILL YOU!"" or call you any number of racist slurs continually for the entire round.I got suckered into buying this being a huge horror and Friday The 13th fan with all the horror people involved and wasted $42.50, don't you do the same. Go buy $42.50 worth of tacos or something instead. Totally going to try and get a refund for this overpriced trash."
,Not Recommended,438740,32033819,Posted: 28 May,all,DeathNope.exe 🎃,"Updated comments: I've been off the game for about a month and after my friends insistant nagging I tried to play again with him and a few other friends. The same thing still stands and it seems like the devs are more concerned on releasing cosmetics rather than addressing the things that make a game unfun. Jasons still instantly execute people, spamming axes, etc. I get Jason's OP in the movies. That doesn't sell fun for me though and reviews are personal. I didn't want to refund the game because honestly, who has a good game launch these days? It's been a month and things haven't improved and quite frankly I regret not refunding.They upped the penalty on teamkilling which is great because that was a problem, however it seems a lot easier to team kill by accident now, like shooting Jason (with or without someone grabbed) kills people on the opposite side and rewards a maximum of 1 exp for staying for 20 minutes. You get instant picked off by Jason if you get unlucky enough to spawn near a big building and minimum chance to get away (basically if he's a moron, you're golden) otherwise it's just a grab and immediate execution which makes me wonder why we even have a struggle bar if we don't get to use it. Then you wait upwords of 20 minutes for people to die/escape to get that minimal exp, otherwise leaving rewards nothing. The game is still on peer-to-peer hosting rather than official servers for a $40 game, so enjoy that lag every few games.TL;DR - It has potential but devs want skins > enjoyment. PassOld comments: First and foremost, I'm going to ignore the issues they're having with servers/achievements not unlocking/logging in issues because it's not even a week into launch from an indie company and that♥♥♥♥♥♥happens to big name companies all the time, they just have more manpower to deal with it faster.Not a fan boy of the F13 series, never even watched a movie. Not some toxic brat screaming on the forums for a refund. This is just my current opinion based on what's actually here in the game FOR NOW.The developers made the game to be a ""non-competitive"" ""fun for all"" type of game which is why Jason is hugely overpowered (not just because he's jason). The idea is that Jason's to toy with people and not just try to go with a stereotypical speed-run/tryhard gameplay style that most games these days have, which in theory is great until you realize you're trusting someone to follow that kind of unspoken/unwritten guideline and they're just going to run with the fact that because Jason can do this, it must be the intention the developers have so there's nothing wrong with it.Generally you can stick together with people and if someone gets caught off, it's not entirely hard to save them. A simple smack to Jason frees that counsellor and all is well. At this time there's nothing stopping Jason from just spamming his basic weapon swing and clearing groups of people within the first minute or two of the game. The stealth system kind of counters this if you're alone, but in public matches there usually tends to be someone who just sprints all over the place (usually close to you) which attracts Jason, so it has its flaws.The game is fun and most of the people playing and not spewing venom on the forums are pretty enjoyable to play with, but I feel the gameplay lacks in comparison to the fact that there's not much balance here with the idea that ""people will just know that it's boring if you rush and kill everyone"". There's likely going to be tweaks to come for this, and as I've said this is just a review from the first week of the game being released. But at this time, with the slightly aggrivating lack of balance and the somewhat clunky game mechanics (mostly with doors and windows), I don't feel that the game is worth purchasingat this pointin time until most of the kinks are worked out."
76561198354556571,Recommended,438740,32790929,Posted: 25 June,all,rolan04do,I absolutely love this game I already have 32 hours on it I find it very fun and very entertaining. To me gameplay may get a bit repetitive but it's still really fun and worth the $40. I'm really glad the game turned out great and tha t they add new DLC's soon.
,Recommended,438740,32868691,Posted: 27 June,all,NB4,Please describe what you liked or disliked about this game and whether you recommend it to others.Please remember to be polite and follow the Rules and Guidelines.
76561198339835421,Not Recommended,438740,32915294,Posted: 27 June,all,✪ WatuLern,This game is riddled with bugs and its just a matter of who knows more bugs/exploits that wins. 1/7 games are completely unplayable due to players using those exploits.
,Recommended,438740,32654338,Posted: 22 June,all,Snickerdoodle The Titmouse,Own both this an Dead by Daylight. Love this way more.
76561198292511552,Not Recommended,438740,31977255,Posted: 26 May,all,genital herpes,the servers wont work and it says database login failed
76561198061288958,Not Recommended,438740,32653908,Posted: 22 June,all,MIKE WAZOWSKI,"I was really dissapointed by this. Played four hours and the game crashed abt 5 times, and its very choppy. The camera angles are awkward and after I tried refunding it steam denied it. Very dissapointed after waiting so long for a game I thought would be better than this."
,Recommended,438740,32798853,Posted: 25 June,all,Cory Baxter,"I honestly love this game. Sure its buggy at times, and has some connection issues from time to time, but its good bloody fun. And while Jason can seem overpowered at times, it makes complete sense with the lore of the movies. As a fan of the series, I am in love with the overall presentation. The graphics, the sounds, the atmosphere, all the different counselor outfits and Jason presets, as well as kill moves, offer plenty of fan service for lovers of this series. And with Kane Hodder behind the Jason animations, it just seems that much more genuine. Great buy!Maybe wait for a sale if you're on the fence about buying this one, but its good fun!"
,Recommended,438740,32273024,Posted: 8 June,all,Mr Jervil,"Why Play?Link to my Video review for those who don't like to read :https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=94jnR_s8PZ4&index=1&list=PLt_S1OzH-pZD6wp9aAqTsajJ0tAYRS6E0And now for the review:The game is an asymmetrical multiplayer game, pitting up to seven players controlling Camp Crystal Lake counselors against one player controlling Jason Voorhees. It is a semi-open world game, with players able to explore it further. The game was originally to be developed as Slasher Vol. 1: Summer Camp by IllFonic in mid-2015. Gun Media was in talks with Friday director Sean S. Cunningham to obtain a license to develop the game, and after a series of meetings, successfully acquired the rights. The game evolved into Friday the 13th: The Game, and funding from both Kickstarter and BackerKit raised approximately US$1,095,143.40 , becoming the 124th most successful crowdfunded project of all time. It is also the first IllFonic game to utilize Unreal Engine 4 after their departure from CryEngine following Project Advena.1/ How do I feel overall about the money iv spent?On the hole as a massive F13 fan I was okay with the £30 and been following the game since alpha.2/ How much time will you spend playing the game?There are a number of level and unlocks so a fair amount of time can be spent.3/ Do you think you will have fun?I have been♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥myself laughing with all the death and way you conned out of getting out alive by other players the RP from community is awesome.The Pro’sGood looking gameRole play from players is number oneBetter look at the world of F13Death a fun to watch.The way player ♥♥♥♥ other over to liveUnlocks and levelingThe Con’sNot many levels to play onJason feels clunky.Key are not able to be binded.Little bit too pricey for what you get.Final Score and overall feelings?I love the game and will be playing for some time am enjoying what it as to offerOn scale of 1-10 am going to give this an 7 a lot of room for it hopefully grow into a better game.My System Spec:Windows 10Gigabyte Technology Co., Ltd. GA-78LMT-USB3 (Socket M2)AMD FX-8350 4.00 Ghz (4.20 GHz Turbo) 8x Core CPUNVIDIA GTX 1060 6GB Graphics32GB DDR3 1600MHz Memory4TB Hard drive120 GB SSD"
,Recommended,438740,32489769,Posted: 16 June,all,Depression,GOOD GAME (y)
76561197994880969,Recommended,438740,31971582,Posted: 26 May,all,Pheranova,"My 2 cents.-spawned with walkie talkie.-call on walkie talkie.-got other people to come help out.-jason showed up.-I got out the window while everyone was busy searching,-jason killed them all.-chased me down and killed me.-learned the hard way to work together.10/10 will betray again to learn."
,Recommended,438740,33070996,Posted: 30 June,all,CorbSlayer,Really fun game to play casually. Very fun to play with friends.
,Not Recommended,438740,32899986,Posted: 27 June,all,Daki,Bought the game.Spent 90% of the time looking for matches.The other 10% watching lobbies empty out when someone was picked as jason.Ping through the roof for everyone in the match.
,Recommended,438740,32957806,Posted: 28 June,all,AlCaPoWn,"If you enjoy running from your friends or killing squeakers then this is the game for you! It has it all. A strong male character  looking for friends in all the wrong places, A group of bullies who play hide and seek when he is near, and with the support from his mother maybe soon he will find what he's been searching for all along. The power of friendship."
76561198379729477,Recommended,438740,33047497,Posted: 30 June,all,skortM (chicomalo),"This game is honestly better than dead by daylight, I have nothing bad to say about this game considering how fun this game is and how much work the creators put in this game. The takedowns that jason do are brutal such as what he could find usefull to kill and the weapons he uses or even his on hands. I never get bored of this game, it's even more fun when you play with friends. I also like how they added characters from the real movie, such as Tommy Jarvis, Tiffany, Chad, and Jason Voorhees (of course). Anyways there is nothing else to say about this game but its amazing, fun, awesome, and horror genre. 10/10!"
76561198134183924,Recommended,438740,32784669,Posted: 25 June,all,SmileyGames166,i love this game so fun and funny and really fun to play with friends but there is so many bugs and everytime i try to hit jason he dodges it like its nothing and grabs me and then the instant animation is so quick nobody can help me plus  when jason grabs the driver out of the car he stands there soi i cant drive which ruines the game for me then he can grab me from so far away with a counselor it ruins the fun i suggest you buy this game if your willing to play with bugs and overpowered jasons and a lot of rage.
,Recommended,438740,32998639,Posted: 29 June,all,RussianHentaiGiraffe,It's fun to play solo or with friends
,Recommended,438740,32072499,Posted: 30 May,all,PixelFiend,Played about 12 matches as a counselor & when i finally got a turn as Jason everyone left the match.10/10 - Would not play as Jason again!
76561198060076507,Recommended,438740,32168309,Posted: 3 June,all,AzuasV,"Simple review. If you're fan a of the movies or the genre of this game than try it out under the 2 hours to see if you like it. Some folks have reported having issues and shity bugs but me personally I haven't had any issues with the game so far.If you're not a fan of the movies nor the genre then it's more than likely not for you and save your 40$ for something else or whenever it's on sale.Apart from not being able to re-keybind(so far) or not being able to increase the FOV, I did my homework and knew exactly what I was buying into and have enjoyed it very much!"
,Recommended,438740,32169350,Posted: 3 June,all,CJSilver,Combat may be weirdInsta-Kills may be annoyingFacial Animations may be on par with ME:AI may not have Savini JasonBut game is still funA lot of the fun though is due to voice communication. To be honest if the game didnt have it or not a lot of people used it game would be boring.
,Recommended,438740,32169476,Posted: 3 June,all,Wilper,Haven't really encountered many bugs or server issues and having a blast with it so far and the devs seems to be pretty good and consistent with updates and patches
76561198171274903,Recommended,438740,32169905,Posted: 4 June,all,firewolfninja,ive been able to play friday the 13th just fine but now its not working it says missing programs and i tried everything to get it to work so please help me get it running
76561198028599216,Recommended,438740,32072459,Posted: 30 May,all,Nitke,Fun game
76561198083188763,Recommended,438740,32168597,Posted: 3 June,all,ToughKity,"Great game, fun people to meet and play with. Definitly would reccomend it to anyone."
,Not Recommended,438740,32299616,Posted: 9 June,all,E,"First of all YES this game is fun, but only when it works. The game was published as a full game yet most of the bugs that have occurred shouldn't even be happening. This game has three major problems with it that can make anyone frustrated.The first problem is the so called ""dedicated servers."" What a joke, when I think dedicated servers I think of servers that you get, based on where you live, yet for some reason I'm getting people all the way in Asia, which shouldn't be happening because not only does it disturb communication but can also lead to high latency which makes the game very buggy, more than it already is, and that can lead to most people leaving because they don't want to deal with it or might make the killer disconnect, which can waste time.The second problem is the matchmaking system. I know some people don't have a problem with it, but I find it rather inconsiderate to new players, especially if you're new playing against a killer who has a ton of experience. This alone can lead someone to dislike the game even before actually trying it. My experience during the beta was way more fun when none of us knew what we were doing but now that you can be placed with anyone from any level can kind of make people uninterested because they're not getting the fun that they deserve, unless they play with friends.The last problem that majority of people hate are all the exploits that come along with this game. This game should've never been published as a full game, probably as an early access because there is still much to fix; e.x - I was playing a game not too long ago where I got to be Jason and I'm having fun just murdering everyone, since that's when the game is at its core, then all of a sudden i notice that when I found one of the survivors' in the main lodge, hiding in the closes, it didn't give me the option to kill them. At this point I thought that I was lagging but I was fixed at 79 ms, regardless of that I went to other rooms only to see that I could destroy the interior in that room but not the one that was occupied by the survivor. Another glitch that I've encountered is not being to do anything as Jason, not being able to activate any abilities except grabbing and hitting. This glitched happened when I grabbed a survivor and they escaped while my E was set to a wall.Again, this game is fun when it works. The amount of potential it has is enormous and I really do like the game but if I'm going to spend $40 on a game, alone, I expect majority of bugs to be fixed."
76561198358196593,Recommended,438740,32091080,Posted: 31 May,all,Kerrbear,tis good
76561198007822078,Recommended,438740,32030003,Posted: 28 May,all,lipflip,had fun .... its up to you if its worth the price ... if you are a fan of the film series and can live with some glitches this game can be really fun .. gameplay and atmosphere is better than dead by daylight ... if you can live with some bugs which will be fixed soon (i hope so)
,Recommended,438740,32299951,Posted: 9 June,all,Lawreniko,"Loads into game,Fps is good looks good,Searches for quick play,waits 15 mins,loads into NA server whilst playing in EU,350 ping,Loads into game,Fps goes down due to ping,Finds american,American states the colour of my characters skin,Runs away,I ask why hes running,die to Jason.10/10 would be racially offended then molested in fire pit by masked NA Player"
,Not Recommended,438740,32329648,Posted: 10 June,all,AnthraX.,Need a lot more content to be worth the price tag. (also get unreal engine errors Game has hung)
76561198014060132,Recommended,438740,32202821,Posted: 5 June,all,Humble boy,So cool game.Better then DBD(i think).I recommended and music at this game strangest thing(loud music play whithout Jason)
,Not Recommended,438740,31985167,Posted: 26 May,all,Kentucky,They overcharge for the game and still don't have enough money to run the servers? I can't even play so how I can recommend it to anyone 8)
,Recommended,438740,32060288,Posted: 30 May,all,FriedRice,"This is a really fun game, too bad for the server issues, but the dev team has really been on the ball trying to sort anything out.I am really enjoying this game, yes it might not have enough content, but this will be sorted with DLC and Im sure the devs are working really hard on more content.This game's look and feel is very authentic. And I have been enjoying every moment of it."
,Recommended,438740,32192398,Posted: 4 June,all,Jon,"Starting out, the controls are horrible.  The learning curve is steep.The playerbase is not friendly.If you have a bunch of friends to play with it's worth the $40.If you do not have friends to play with, it might be worth $20.Wait for summer sale."
76561197990184422,Recommended,438740,32007494,Posted: 27 May,all,Jody the Grinder,One of the best multiplayer games I've ever played. Get it.
76561198102703735,Recommended,438740,32415594,Posted: 14 June,all,GoGo,"I wish Savini Jason was still for sale. I know that was a Kickstarter to help develop the game but at this point is unfair for people that did not know, such as me that you could buy the Savini Jason for pre-order. Friday the 13th could re-sell this skin for a higher price if necessery. Overall in my opinion this is my favourite game and I can tell a lot of work was put into it, but please consider the fact of putting Savini Jason for sale again."
76561198090194571,Recommended,438740,32413705,Posted: 14 June,all,Izzy is my sugar daddy,I love the whole role play aspect! It's a great game !
76561198059676206,Recommended,438740,32414233,Posted: 14 June,all,DeadPool,Great game
76561198049538493,Recommended,438740,32586033,Posted: 20 June,all,IFONLYIATEASSLIKEIEATCHILDREN,This game is amazing! There are some things here and there that are annoying but thats because its a game that just came out. This game feels right jason isnt to overpowered and there are many ways to escape from him. The servers need some work because sometimes I go into servers for the asia area but other than the little glitches here and the crashing this game feels right. You can run from jason one game and the other jason will talk to you about stupid stuff and thats what makes this game fun. Its not to competive and thats what makes it fun. You also level up to get jasons not buy the new jason with dlcs ( thank god). Overall this game is a fun game to play and is at a good price at 40 bucks. I would recomend this game to my friends any day.
,Not Recommended,438740,32626633,Posted: 21 June,all,✪ KBiz,"I would really like to enjoy this game. But it's really hard because its so poorly optimized. I have a nice rig. Far beyond the requirements this game needs. Yet, ill get about 11fps after playing 5 minutes. Some people have no problem running this game that have lower pc specs than me. So idk what the deal is but as of right now I wouldn't reccomend this game."
76561198006129412,Not Recommended,438740,32623941,Posted: 21 June,all,Minty Peterson,"Way overpriced at £30.Massive dissapointment, always feel cheated after playing this.Developers releasing free♥♥♥♥♥♥because they know the game is poor.Needs a group of friends to play, so try and trick them into wasting their money if you can."
76561198289857517,Recommended,438740,33198680,Posted: 3 July,all,arresting scuba divers,idk
76561198161831632,Recommended,438740,31988979,Posted: 26 May,all,Dirty Dan,"It may not be the best looking game out there, especially for a 2017 game, but it sure as hell is fun! Playing as the horror icon jason is just a blast. Playing as the counselors is also really fun. The controls can take some getting used to but once you do get the hang of them they're pretty simple. The graphics in my opinion look fine and the game runs flawlessly on my computer even though mine isn't the best computer out there. I have however experienced some bugs and glitches here and there but im sure that an update could fix those small problems. This game also creates a great atmoshpere that reminds me so much of the Friday the 13th movies. Overall I think this game is a must have for any Friday the 13th fan and even for the ones who just want to play as a great horror icon."
76561198012584827,Not Recommended,438740,33192138,Posted: 3 July,all,Rogue_HCGaming,"Only 6 hours played, but that's enough to get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off on this game.People pay 37 euros for this game and what do we get? an unbalanced game thats full of issues.Firstly; The chance that a player can break free is 1/100 in some matters.Secondly; The range that some Jason players can grab you is too big!!! (a whole shotgun could fit in between the grab)Thirdly; I've crashed 7 times today (3rd of july) and not in the lobby but in the actual game!And lastly; Fix the escape possibilities! Some people work hard to get the item(s) to escape and what happens if you take a boat? people pick your spot and leave you behind. All that time wasted to fix the boat and your good friend Jason is standing right behind you to give you a big hug and chop your arms off."
,Recommended,438740,32011115,Posted: 27 May,all,Seth Startix,"Awesome game, just some first week bugs. Seriously, ppl are overracting a bit. If you genuinely are that offended - get a refund. Cant wait to see what they do during the coming 6 months!"
76561198058877909,Recommended,438740,31992332,Posted: 27 May,all,RAZER,Good Game.
76561198087444872,Recommended,438740,32168182,Posted: 3 June,all,💔Rⓘⓝⓖ Rⓞⓝⓖ💔,"The game is pretty fun the play, you don't need friends but its more fun playing with a group of people then alone because a lot of people just leave right away and make it way more easy for jason to win because he only needs to kill 6 or 5 people and not 7. Another problem I have with this game is it randomly crashing or freezing my computer making me have to restart steam and my computer. Also the bugs/glitches can really ruin games. Like the gas getting stuck under a car making it useable, or playing as Jason and trying to stop the boat, then getting glitched out of the map and dying making the round end. But still I would recommend this because it really fun and it takes team work (most of the time) to escape. I just hope they can fix the bugs and glitches.EDIT: After playing some quickplay matches my fun for this game is going down as just today I was almost kill by my teammates 3 times. One of them killed me then killed 3 other people and left the game before Jason could get him. Another person was playing Adam and I was Deb. We both spawned in the pakanak house and I got the shotgun first my chareacter is not strong and can't stun Jason as easy as Adam so I thought it would be fine. But then he demand I give him the gun and tried to shot me with a flaregun. I didn't die so he left, the Jason also left becuase 4 people escaped in the car so  I didn't get points when I was about the call the cops. Then when I tried to get in a game it took 6 MINUTES and only 5 people were in the lobby. Also the recent games I been in no one uses mics so it makes it really hard to know what things have been found and what everyone is trying to do."
76561198075918165,Not Recommended,438740,32222281,Posted: 6 June,all,CommunistCommissar,"I would give it a thumb down Beacause of the HUNG ERROR , This error is too annoyng, try to fix it , a lot of people with radeon are having it,,,after u fix this bug I will change my mind....Fix HUNG error please..."
76561198085235719,Recommended,438740,31998616,Posted: 27 May,all,Rusty Spork,I like this game
76561198148007606,Recommended,438740,32035487,Posted: 28 May,all,PotatOS,"This is a good game if you have patience and are ready to lose often as a counselor. This game is fun as hell when it works, and it works for me so I'm giving a positive review."
,Recommended,438740,32719195,Posted: 24 June,all,Howl,"I will start by saying that it took a lot of thought and convincing from a friend of mine for me to buy this game, and here is why.I heard both great and bad things about Friday the 13th: The Game , mostly that it was a true representation of the movies (which, mind me, I never watched), but at the same time it lacked a lot of personality. To my surprise I found this game to be very well constructed in terms of gameplay and mechanics, but still with a lot of room for improvement, especially a single-player/co-op mode that goes through a storyline, which to my understanding is coming later this summer.As many complain, the game doesn't lack bugs though. From the doors not closing properly, to the windows not opening, getting grabbed from 5 meters away ... it can get quite frustrating if you play somewhat competitively.However, there are two things I think should be addressed properly:1- When a killer is in party with one or more councelors, making it not even closely enjoyable for the rest of us councelors, since the councelor buddy is guiding the Jason buddy through the map to find us;2- When another councelor randomly shoots another councelor.Overall, I find the game very enjoyable when playing with friends, a lot less when playing on my own.I do wish to recommend it, even though I do not currently agree with the price tag compared to similar games with far more content."
,Recommended,438740,32127281,Posted: 2 June,all,Angel,Okay I have t0 say it's a good game don't get me wrong. But some stuff is a little unfair like the breaking and I think they should make an easier way to get out of Jasons grapple. Like 3-5 secs until he could use an ability or something. But other then that its a good game.
76561198048244528,Recommended,438740,32001133,Posted: 27 May,all,Litheran,"This game paid my mortgage, beat up my bully and gave me a sensual massge as well....why aren't you playing it."
76561198111181274,Recommended,438740,31999605,Posted: 27 May,all,ScrubLord McGoo,Good Game people will dislike anything now and days get it enjoy it its better then Dead by Daylight in every way
,Recommended,438740,32000952,Posted: 27 May,all,TheWhiteDeathKS,That feeling when you play first time as Jason and rip off some bones of teens which have overdose of hormones!!KI KI KI KI MA MA MA ..... Love it!
,Not Recommended,438740,32096557,Posted: 31 May,all,John Smith,"It's a pretty decent coop game and I love doing coop challenges. That said, this game is clearly not for everybody. This game barely squeezed by kickstarter in what I feel shady market practices. I have always been against stretch goals as they seem more like taking away core requirements of the game and selling them instead of adding new content. I felt like the kickstarter was more of a cash grab as a majority of the unobtained stretch goals like kills, characters, and even the new singleplayer mode came out without reaching the goal- inciting they probably had it done/in the works and was just charging more for it potentially dlc if failed. Clearly they had to add them feeling that the game really was full of holes at that point- which it is. The game contains only three maps which the game community boycotted star wars battlefront for when their maps are way larger, more polished, and even have little bugs compared to this game. I bought this game because I have a need for coop based games but there are other games to look at first if you are not devoted to this genre.Edit after banning fiasco:I find it appalling about how the devs are outright banning. Usually within games you get warnings when you do bad things like club penguin warning you for a good while before actually banning you for foul language. The banning rules are actually pinned within steam forums which not everyone will see. The worst part is that devs can easily change the rules without your notice and ban you for something that originally was not on there at the time. But the part that really got me was from a moderator on the reddit forums stating that GUN employees are actually moderating the forum, which would bring favoritism in the posts and taking down those they dont't want you to see like the post the admin left.(https://www.reddit.com/r/F13thegame/comments/6lx56h/my_resignation_as_moderator/)The post made me question why this game has a mostly positive review as well. I believe that GUN has made many fake accounts to post positive reviews or gave free games to twitchers and youtubers to do so as I find it strange for over 8k positive reviews when only at most 4k plays it on the weekends."
,Recommended,438740,32857811,Posted: 27 June,all,KillerKing,Gd game
76561198085436697,Recommended,438740,32967662,Posted: 28 June,all,Bimp,"Why I can't stop playing this gameDude tells me to follow him, dude tells me to pick up that can of spray, I pick it up, dude hits me with machetee, I pick up a bat, wack dude with bat, he runs around couch begs for fogivness, I tell dude ""Nuh uh I'm jason now mutha______."" He runs around couch for two mins and then dude wacks me again, but real quick I give dude a two piece with the bat, he is now about to die, I'm one hit away from dieing, we both bleeding, then ya boy Jason (real jason) shows up and just stops right in the middle of the room suprised as to what the ♥♥♥♥ is going on here. The dude begs jason for help, jason all confused ♥♥♥♥♥ messed up. He chases me, I tell him that I will help him kill the dude, he don't say nothin, he starts chasin dude around, dude jumps through window, little did dude know I was waiting for him with a wrench because I broke my bat, wack dude and kill him. Jason then stands by door and looks at me, then leaves.10/10."
76561197993675108,Not Recommended,438740,32209706,Posted: 5 June,all,jamie-chan,"The controls are slow because the developers chose to use a mouse-look acceleration. When you aim with the gun, there is no such acceleration and it controls flawlessly. It's unclear why a developer would introduce delay to your controls artificially.Knowing the maps offers a great advantage. However, players must find the map item before viewing the map. Many games, players will not find this item, and even if they did, there is precious little time to study it. Ironically, one of the character custimzation perks starts a player off with a map item. In effect, only already-knowledgable players get the map item to study.The game is unclear in every regard. To a new player, you can not tell what you can pick up, open, or hide in until the indicator appears as you approach it. This is frustrating and further punishes players who do not have the map memorized.  The minimap becomes invisible at some points. The player's field-of-view narrows at some points, which is made worse because the over-the-shoulder angle of the camera causes the character to block most of what you are trying to look at. There is no indication what items the player will find actually do.The How-To-Play option on the menu screen would be where one would go to clear these things up. However, this screen only tells you the bare-minimum that you could intuit within 30 seconds of normal gameplay.To top off this aggression toward new players, the characters (which must be unlocked) have slots for random perks obtained through grinding that offer big advantages. The characters have different attributes, which serves only to hide the lack of gameplay behind ""strengths and weaknesses"" and pretending there is strategy or customization behind your choices.There is no binary win/loss goal. In fact, what counts as a 'win' is also unclear. As a result, there is no ranked play. All that's left is grinding."
,Recommended,438740,33105431,Posted: 1 July,all,SilentDischarge,One of the most fun games I've played with my friend in a while... definitely not a solo experience though.
,Recommended,438740,32375956,Posted: 12 June,all,bee,this game has nice butts
76561198067570171,Recommended,438740,32136792,Posted: 2 June,all,Skizzy Dreams,"Despite all the bad reviews I like this game a lot! Everyone's complaining about the lack of content, but its a new game common? It has amazing graphics, lots of fun people, etcJust buy it!"
,Recommended,438740,32426905,Posted: 14 June,all,$AD PLA¥A,"Some slight bugs in this state, but it seems things are being addressed."
76561198264770395,Recommended,438740,32265288,Posted: 8 June,all,RickThePrick,"its a good game overall, just hope that they can fix the ping issues."
,Recommended,438740,32134759,Posted: 2 June,all,The Noobeast,"Best game i ever play...+survive with stranger/friends+better than DBD+can talk only with friends who close to you , using walkie talkie to talk with friends far from you (like real)+jason hard to beat just like in the movie-only 3 maps-impossible to escape from jason grab without knife-need to fix some bugs-only tommy can kill jason... it doesn't make any sense...-ping too highneed more new update but i recommend this game.... STAY ALIVE!!! :D"
,Recommended,438740,32149925,Posted: 3 June,all,JFlowS,So scarey game -_- but much bugs
,Recommended,438740,32076949,Posted: 30 May,all,The Courier,this game is great really recomend but before you buy id recomend waiting til they fix a few of the big bugs in the game ive had one of those problems not a big deal but you do have to wait a while til playing jason for a while unless you do private matches or wait til single player  or keep leaving matches til your jason but also when you level up id recomend playing as part 3 jason he can run but hes my favroite in my opinion as playing but not in opinion well hope you get this great game
,Not Recommended,438740,32151163,Posted: 3 June,all,Gorbyak,"Not good. Also couldnt refund it, because it I spent two hours last weekend trying to get into the game. I kept getting the dreaded Database Login Failure, when it tried to join the server. Im not very happy about hit purchase.Once I finally got 2 matches in, I noticed, a lot of clipping. Also seems to be an issue with items spawning in the same spots everytime."
76561198170353234,Recommended,438740,32230430,Posted: 6 June,all,TheKillerDemon,"Alright. So i believe after 65 hours (and more to come) gametime it's time to write a review. Myself, I've never seen any of the Friday the 13th movies. I just know the backstory relatively. But this is a review on the game and I am keeping in mind that bugs can be fixed. So I'm going to start with the pros and end with the cons as well as make some concluding thoughts.PROS:1. The game (in my opinion) has very good graphics. There are some visual issues though including: Stuff not showing up, hair flailing, etc.2. It's very immersive. You could almost feel like you're in the game with all the sound, etc. As well as feel you are in a Friday the 13th movie.3. The rank system is great. It does go kinda slow, but you feel rewarded when you level up and you pretty much always unlock new things at some point.4. The controls are great. I've never had an issue with controls. Everything flows so well (I do use keyboard and mouse. Don't know about controllers).5. It's great to play with friends. You get to hang out with friends and have a nice laugh in this game.6. The counselor/jason system and characters are all great. They're fun, cool, etc. Perks and kills are just awesome!7. There so many ways to escape and interact with the map.8. You can choose who you want to be involving your playstyle (Like preferences and characters).9. The maps are great. They're cool, nice and flow freely. You don't feel very limited.10. Jason is balanced. So many games get this wrong. Even though many say he's overpowered... he really isn't. Almost ALWAYS somebody escapes. The game isn't ment to be easy and get free wins 4 dayz. This game would get boring quit.11. You always feel you're on your toes like a true horror game. Through sounds, ambiance, etc. you always have that scary, but fun vibe of Friday the 13th.CONS:1. BUGS. There are many bugs. Visual, flying through map, getting stuck, car flipping over, boat glitches, etc.2. If you don't have a mic: No interaction, less fun, etc. But I am not using this against the game.3. You don't unlock much. Pretty much everything past lvl 31 is the same. Just clothes changing colors n stuff.4. Not enough maps (not using against game).Conclusion:Overall, this game is amazing. It's so well made. It creates a great vibe, the devs are great, and it's super fun. This is a game that i could play for a long time. You should get it! I rate: 9/10 just do to the fact of bugs and low amount of lvl up rewards."
,Recommended,438740,32430221,Posted: 15 June,all,^__^,love this game! :3
76561197993750096,Recommended,438740,32029667,Posted: 28 May,all,ManBehind,Fun gameLots of playersLots of replayabilityIgnore hates - they just need to gid gud
76561198132812456,Recommended,438740,32053228,Posted: 29 May,all,Captanegan,"Besides a bumpy start, it's a very fun asymmetrical horror multiplayer. What really shines in F13 that sets it apart from Dead by Daylight is the teamwork. Communicating with others to survive gives every match a fun, dynamic feel."
76561198062866137,Recommended,438740,32090067,Posted: 31 May,all,Clazilz,"Putting aside the few bugs, and issues that the game may have had the first couple of days when it was released, this game is truly fun, get a couple of friends, sit down, and have some ""bloody"" fun. Even though Jason is OP, as he should be, I still find my self having trouble killing all the counselors in a single game, therefore, in my opinion, it's actually quite balanced. If you're a fan of the Friday the 13th movies, this is a for sure buy, It truly brings that 1980s nostalgia that you could hope for. Also this game has a great community, you don't need friends to enjoy it, if you find a game where everyone is using VOIP, you're going to have a great time. I certainly recommend this game."
,Recommended,438740,32150735,Posted: 3 June,all,Lord Friendzone,- Nice motion- Nice Characters- Nice Maps- Nice Weapons- Nice Mission- Nice Teamwork- ♥♥♥♥ you Jason !
76561197988469305,Recommended,438740,32225576,Posted: 6 June,all,Senpai Cthulhu,game can be rough around the edges at times but overall its very fun and has a great community from what ive played so far. would recommend if you want to have a fun time with the hockey masked mommas boy!
,Recommended,438740,32075805,Posted: 30 May,all,Mr. Friend,"This game is the best game I have ever played in my leaf, if you disagree upvote this review."
,Recommended,438740,32187683,Posted: 4 June,all,JustForKicks96,"rocky launch but most of the server issues have been fixed.great with friends, will be even better when they fix bugs and add more content"
76561198024314998,Recommended,438740,32077479,Posted: 30 May,all,thotrott,Fun with friends! Great multiplayer game and doesn't get old.
,Recommended,438740,32082515,Posted: 31 May,all,Dan,is good with ferns
76561198101018100,Recommended,438740,32011894,Posted: 27 May,all,The Major X,"After 20 hours and getting to level 20 i can constantly say after a rocky launch, but being a small development team launching on 3 platforms at the same time, i'm really really enjoying this game!Yes its frustrating with the issues the servers has, and yes its frustrating when you can't play the game you paid for, but they have constantly been keeping everyone informed on what's going on and what they are doing about said problem.I've had tons of games with no problems at all, yes there are some big bugs and alot of glitches but nothing game breaking from what i've played.If you hear people going its not worth the money ask yourself this! you spend 40 - 50 on a AAA game to play the campaign and you'll complete it in 5 - 8 hours and then shelf it! this game has  fun and long lasting multiplayer, a single player coming soon and offline bots! i can almost guarantee you'll spend more hours on this than most people do on more expensive games.It's took dead by daylight a year to come out of loads of major issues, it was about 4 months after launch they added play with friends, it was about 2 months ago where you could actually get a game with a friend without waiting a long time, this game has got better in the last 24 hours and it will contiunue to be the game that everyone wants to play.Keep it up GUN."
,Recommended,438740,32186941,Posted: 4 June,all,Iansolo45,still a bit buggy but still pretty good 9/10
76561198107078301,Recommended,438740,32077086,Posted: 30 May,all,Krantaz,"Running away from JasonRun into building, lock doorsDoors can't stop Jason, he smashes right throughJump out window to safetyGet up, Jason is waiting right there to pick me upGives me the mother of all hugsNice guy10/10 Would be hugged by that man again and scream while doing so"
76561198000139627,Recommended,438740,32192700,Posted: 4 June,all,The inchman,I will say that this game is going to get better and the glitches currently in the game do not break the fun of playing either counselor or Jason. The 40$ price tag is a little high but the game is still a fun multiplayer game.
,Recommended,438740,33261522,Posted: 4 July,all,FGNation,This game is amazing. Thought it would be a rip off of Dead by Daylight but it has a totally new and fun concept.. and of course we have Jason!
,Recommended,438740,33182621,Posted: 3 July,all,Clutchiii,"I love this game i mean i got not that much time in game but its amazing very dramatic, full horror, Animations etc. .....I can only recommend this game, but still got many things to do like:Countdowns for leaving a Server (atleast 20sec) because every time when im jason and i grabbed one of the counselours they are instantly leaving the Server then im not getting kills/points/exp ya know what i mean. Its just a bad experience to this game.Maybe something to carry a Flare gun and a machete, etc. i mean like if im refilling and jason spawn right next to me and i refilled then i dont got anything to attack/defend myself.Thats it i mean like i will be the first who is saying this but its very annoying, the Game itself is great.Thanks"
,Recommended,438740,33154656,Posted: 2 July,all,Majesticseacow,Chad Simulator
,Recommended,438740,33172174,Posted: 3 July,all,Yojoe157,Its a work in progress but its becoming an amazing game.
76561197961910559,Recommended,438740,33200920,Posted: 3 July,all,CoyoTech,"Love it.  Cant stop playing it, even at 6am when its full of russians.Not what i expected it to be like, way more fun.  Glad they fixed the bugs that were ruining the game.Kinda a learn as you go game, but really fun whether jason or a counselor.Highly recommend to any fans of the series."
,Recommended,438740,33153587,Posted: 2 July,all,TheRejectedGmer,10/10 Would Recommned Role-Playing in this game in a bedroom about to get our freak on then jason comes on in and kills my partner RIP loving this game so far
76561198229410364,Recommended,438740,33229663,Posted: 4 July,all,...!,"Brutally fun and dynamic, the period from which a casual walk could evolve into utter terror is insane - especially as the fear system kicks in. Disappointingly there seems to be very few (if any) Southeast Asian servers and playing with 180-300 ping isn't the best experience. Still, it's playable, and in my opinion worth its price."
76561198273237536,Recommended,438740,33137985,Posted: 2 July,all,Stitches,Super tare
,Recommended,438740,33063129,Posted: 30 June,all,DragonFox217,Even when Jason fails to kill a single counselor his mom still gives him tons of love and words of encouragement.10 / 10 would feel uplifted as a mass murderer again.
76561198355196851,Not Recommended,438740,33108862,Posted: 1 July,all,andyg62006,"this game wont work it crashes as soon as i start it, it says summer cam launcher not found"
,Recommended,438740,33210054,Posted: 3 July,all,Brightmoon5465,Addictive game for sure.  A real challenge and so much fun.  Great for any gamer.
,Recommended,438740,33234051,Posted: 4 July,all,siNN,"such a good feeling when you are premade with ya boifriend and u go hide and wait for the others to finish a car and then wait for jason to spawn and take out the driver, wait for the others to get out of the car to help the driver, grab the keys when the driver is down, take the car, drive away as a duo while the others yell at you for beeing an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥10 / 10 would meme again"
76561198119702513,Not Recommended,438740,31978435,Posted: 26 May,all,Evilantics,Game does not work. I could not connect to the servers at all.
76561198058048865,Recommended,438740,33219615,Posted: 4 July,all,necropolics,love this game. solid gameplay mechanics. always fun to play... even when Jason murders you
,Recommended,438740,32150658,Posted: 3 June,all,GeeSung,"Though a rough launch, once you actually get into a game filled with people who communicate or get a group of friends going; you will have such a good time with a pretty memorable experience!"
,Recommended,438740,32947989,Posted: 28 June,all,Stampe,Had to make a review for steam summer
,Recommended,438740,32298489,Posted: 9 June,all,Captain Pootis,99.99 percent of the time: looking through drawers and picking up items as a counselor.1.00 percent of the time: ♥♥♥♥ing up the camp counselors as jason.13/10 would wait to be jason again
,Recommended,438740,32595101,Posted: 20 June,all,MadMax,Super fun gory hide-n-seek that all F13 movie fans will love. (Requires friends for optimal fun)
,Recommended,438740,32585520,Posted: 20 June,all,The Definite Integral,"I'll start by saying I have acknowledged the criticism that this game recieved on release. I helped back this game on Kickstarter, and I'll tell you, these guys started from scratch. Gun Media and Illfonic are continuously applying hotfixes and a content update is on the way as I write this review. Be patient and have faith.If you're a fan of the Friday the 13th movies, 10/10.If you liked Dead by Daylight, this game doesn't have a ranking system, but DBD didn't reward you anything for rank anyway.I give the game a solid 7.75/10 at the moment, pending future content releases and whether DLC is free-to-play or pricey.Yes, Jason is OP, but he also was in the movies. This forces you to stick together as a team if you're playing counselor.Also, don't expect most achievements to work unless you're playing in a Private Match.Also, please have a mic when you play this, you can pick one up from Wal-Mart for about $10.00.Thanks."
76561198049921505,Recommended,438740,32488733,Posted: 16 June,all,SpookyHacker,"The biggest negative about this game is the price, $40 is just way too much at most it should be $20. There is not much depth in this game but the perk system and the different executions add a little. This game is also buggy as all hell but the developers seem to be working hard to change that. Its a fun game, especially with friends just dont buy it at $40."
76561198259583086,Not Recommended,438740,32468689,Posted: 16 June,all,Little Dick,"This game needs to have at least a server at south east asia , i play from malaysia and i matched with some indian people that make my ping increase till 300+ i have a stable connection but this game dont provide server for south east asia"
,Recommended,438740,33283529,Posted: 5 July,all,Banjax,Some seriously good fun. I got about a weeks worth of fun out of it. Hoping they add more content soon.
76561198004862418,Recommended,438740,31978419,Posted: 26 May,all,Wally West,"Alright, you Sally's & Billy's-- listen up. This here game is the best piece of art that you will ever have the divine privlege to feast your eyes upon. T. S. mother♥♥♥♥ing Eliot said, ""Yo, fools-- You got high art and♥♥♥♥♥♥ F13 is high art."" 10/10. Would buy again."
,Recommended,438740,33250625,Posted: 4 July,all,Teh Penguin Jesus,"Pretty fun game. It can be frustrating at times, especially when the player controlling Jason gives preference to other players (i.e. Jason has one of their IRL friends dead to rights, and then they chase off after someone else to help their friend gain xp). The game can, at times, be pretty buggy- and relying on players to be hosts can be annoying at times (I'm pretty sure this is the case)- especially when the host is a five year old rage quitter and is the first player offed.It's a fun game, but it's far from perfect. I'd still recommend."
76561197978048415,Recommended,438740,32116333,Posted: 1 June,all,Narbicus,Didn't think I'd like playing as a councelor that much seeing as they're the ones being hunted and killed but it's actually pretty fun. Especially on the occasion that you manage to escape but sometimes its fun just getting close to escaping only to see Jason crush your attempt at the last second. Also it makes it that much more special when you finally get to play as Jason and be the one doing the killing.
,Recommended,438740,32116308,Posted: 1 June,all,BigT,I've never had a connection issue since day one. The game perfectly diplays what it would be like to be in a Friday the 13th movie. I'd say thats a success on the developers part. There are some bugs but nothing they will take care of in the near future.
,Not Recommended,438740,32213690,Posted: 5 June,all,Xamdes,This game feels like its in Beta and is not worth the $40 price tag. It does not have enough content to justify its price tage. Teleport and grab makes me salty as I don't see how you can escape from the grab.
,Not Recommended,438740,31969576,Posted: 26 May,all,Killa XXL,"Where to begin..,.first thing I would like to say is that I have been so excited about this game ever since it was called summer camp. And like a child waking up before his parents on christmas, I wanted to play abit before I had to go to work today, so I thought waking up an hour earlier would be enough...I was wrongBefore I even got into the game, I had to force close it 5 times because for some reason, it would bring up Steam VR and shut down all sound (even after steam vr was closed) and other times it would go on a boot cycle that would never end, Steam would say preparing to start, then FT13s little loading box, and then right back to steams.Now only have half an hour left to me at this point, I finally get to the main menu (with sound) and after 30 seconds I got into a game (a good sign I thought) and I looked at my ping, 999 it was. I dont think I need to convince anyone here that my ping is not that high, so it obviously must be the host, so I backed out and tried again, and again, and again, and again, oh would ya look at that, That one server with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ host and 4 guys with chinese symbols for name is the ONLY server available. Not to Mention the face that over the course of 10 minutes, the 1:30 start timer resets whenever a player joins, so naturally, that means someone leaving with 10 seconds left and then someone quickly joining for a never ending cycle. Im asuming that if everyone ready's up then it would go quicker, but thats just it, im assuming because I have yet to actually see it happen.Im going to give it one more chance when I get home from work, if that doesnt workim going to refund it until they release a single player experience, which I would highly advise because if your multiplayer doesnt work, or the game is too buggy that a majority of people dont want to play, then no one is going to be able to play."
76561198390890896,Not Recommended,438740,32036738,Posted: 29 May,all,xopinkrainbowox,New bug where after game starts you cant hear anything from game including voice. Might as well uninstall. Refund plz ( only way i was able to get a game in with sound was restarting 10 times
76561198380583046,Recommended,438740,32035885,Posted: 28 May,all,DorkianBae,"Overpriced, buggy and lack of content. HOWEVER, it is very fun and does some things better than Dead by Daylight, while Dead by Daylight does some things better than this game.I personally feel this game would be a 100% buy at 20 dollars or even 30 bucks a great deal, 40 however is a bit much so wait for a sale if you can. Still a good game and hope to see more content created for it."
,Recommended,438740,31969637,Posted: 26 May,all,Rage,One of the best Multi-player games. Really fun with friends.
76561198385990499,Recommended,438740,31977637,Posted: 26 May,all,cjoey619,"It says database login faliure, but my internet is just fine. please fix this"
,Recommended,438740,32036498,Posted: 28 May,all,t.tv/iddyp,"REALLY fun! Fun with  friends or solo. Mostly nice people in the online community, some not so nice.  Filled with bugs, but sometimes those bugs make the game more fun.  I wouldn't reccommend buying at full price, but def pick it up when on sale.  I have put in 34 hours in the first 3 days of it's release and I am going to put countless more into it in the future. PS Servers are balls"
,Recommended,438740,32159682,Posted: 3 June,all,W4E Demon™,love this game
,Recommended,438740,32214385,Posted: 5 June,all,LowKey,"Waited 15mins, played for 15mins.. got disconnected and lost experience... refunded the game 10/10 would recommend."
,Recommended,438740,31977641,Posted: 26 May,all,TourGuide,"The skinny:Groups are broken, but it's pretty easy to join a game and invite someone.The community seems to be very friendly thus far.There are animations bugs for kills, but when it does happen, it usually just adds humor to the game.Overall, it's fun to play, but nothing to take seriously.They are patching things on day two, so it's a good sign from the dev team and I'm currently happy with my purchase."
,Recommended,438740,32036364,Posted: 28 May,all,KEEVS,"Launch has been rough as it is with all games nowadays. Without taking that into consideration, wow what a fun game!Playing as Jason is so exhilerating and the co-op gameplay as a camp counselor is super suspenseful and scary!I will say though...THIS DOES NOT FEEL LIKE A 40 DOLLAR GAME. The content you get is more akin to a $30 title. There are 3 maps and one game mode with little variation within. Wait for a price drop."
76561198372625296,Not Recommended,438740,31988496,Posted: 26 May,all,Tsar Bomba,I give this game the benefit of doubt because its loads of fun... When you can actually get into a server or the game loaded up. I know the game just launched but please refrain yourself from getting a copy until they actually fix this. If you do decide to get this game just be prepared for the servers constantly being down.
,Recommended,438740,32928649,Posted: 28 June,all,anthonymolok,The best game ever!!!!!!! Buy Buy Buy
76561198063000789,Recommended,438740,32817416,Posted: 26 June,all,Trime,"For those who are tired of Dead by Daylights ever-growing cancerous community,  ignorant developers and finally FULL CONTROLLER SUPPORT (!!), Friday the 13th will be worth your while if played with 1 or more friends. The game is not ment to be balanced and focusses on teamplay rather than solo-outplays. I recommend using voice chat, thats how i met some funny guys/girls along the few hours i put into the game. The different character stats kind of limit you in who to pick to fit your playstyle but there are tons of perks to compensate for it. If you can get your friend/s to play this game and enjoy the challenge of being hunted down (or escape) as well as personal interactions between all players you will also enjoy the game."
,Recommended,438740,31967189,Posted: 26 May,all,TNovix,"The game starts out with 8 survivors and 1 killer, Jason. In this game you'll need to accomplish many tasks in order to survive, those tasks don't need to be done in order so that won't be a problem. Most of the time maps will spawn with 2 cars but for those that spawn with 1, well...then some people will be getting left behind unless you find and get the boat working, wait until the timer runs out, and (or) escape by calling the cops. Jason is able to pick up knives and unfortunetly nothing else but he does have a few handy perks where one lets him literally teleport to any location on the map and shift which lets him leave his body to intercept a survivor (given, the shift is a bit OP if used right so caution if you see Jason standing there and do a little jerk motion and if he does then just run around like a maniac so he won't be able to grab you out of the shift). His kills are also pretty creative and (not to sound like a mad man) but pretty interesting to watch. The survivors are able to be equipped with perks, many actually. They also have skill stats so those perks will vary to them to help them out.Honestly, I like the game. I pre-ordered it and waited patiently for 2 months until it came out and it was definitely worth the wait. If you haven't bought the game yet, I definitely recommend you do so!"
76561198150194265,Recommended,438740,32498460,Posted: 17 June,all,The Mikeman,Great game full of glitches and team killers. And don't forget the screaming asians (thanks pacfic servers).
,Not Recommended,438740,32231443,Posted: 6 June,all,DarthWiener Gamdom.com,Great concept. It has a lot of potential but i found myself bored after 5 hours of gameplay. The game is very repetitive and every match plays out like the last. Being Jason is a blast but it picks 1 player out of 8 randomly so you rarely get a chance to play as Jason. Finally....so sick of watching that opening cut scene over and over again omg ...buy tjis game and youll lose interest after about your 10th round
,Recommended,438740,32079122,Posted: 30 May,all,WomenAreObjects,"I really like this game, got 24 hours on it within 3 days. There are still a few bugs and glitches but I mean what new game doesn't have those? or is completely polished?"
76561198234289864,Not Recommended,438740,31980668,Posted: 26 May,all,Dec-Lad 77,Jason must be bored of killing teenangers as he has evidently murdered the servers running the game as well. Completly unplayable
,Not Recommended,438740,32301819,Posted: 9 June,all,Synergy,"I was pretty hesistant on buying it to begin with, but gave it a shot. Played a few matches, and honestly it's just not worth $40 at this point. It lacks content, and really isn't all that fun honestly. I wouldn't mind it that much if the game was priced around $15-20. But for what you get for $40 just isn't worth it."
,Recommended,438740,31987412,Posted: 26 May,all,LostInfernoHD,JASON IS QUICK CUZ HE STUPID THICCCCC!
,Not Recommended,438740,32831394,Posted: 26 June,all,Vader,controls is ♥♥♥♥tup  i have azertywast of money for mefor buying this gamemost of the games you can set your controlswhy not this game
76561198041922619,Not Recommended,438740,32413943,Posted: 14 June,all,BrianD,"Jason grabs you, can't break out, kills you instantly but it is fun... not worth it"
76561198083324198,Recommended,438740,32349568,Posted: 11 June,all,the12thghostface,">be me>be Jason (part 7 all the way)>manage to find my first victim within three minutes, a Chad outside of Higgins Haven>go in for the kill>pocket knife, Chad escapes into the wild, not a single drop of blood on his stupid ascot>next_time_gadget.jpg>later encounter an A.J. at the car (the blue one with four seats that everyone seems to escape in alone)>""Well you had a good run"" I think as I lift her up>pocket knife>notice someone going for the other car so I decide to let her go in favor of prioritizing>seven minutes in, two already out on the boat, I have no kills, getting a bit mad>find Deborah caught in the bear trap I placed at the fuse box>she's wounded bad, estimate I'd insta-kill her if I just swung the machete>notice nearby bird fountain, decide ""Screw it, third times the charm"">pick her up>pocket knife>she runs in while I'm stunned and finds a healing spray that someone missed>try to chase, but have to stop the shenanigans at the car, so I let her be>am very frustrated now>find buggzy at the bridge>decide to just swing at him and forgo the executions>turn's out he's great with the baseball bat... and at running away>finally, after four escape in the car and someone called the police, I catch a Lachappa running to the po-po>""no pocket knives, huh meatball?"" I say in a sadistic, gleeful voice, the stress of the match finally breaking me>am about to decide which execution to do on him>the Chad from earlier shows up>he has a shotty>shoots me, they run to safety>am about to go ballistic, when I notice something>one guy respawned as Tommy>your_soul_is_mine.jpg>find him near a campsite, two minutes left>he misses with the shotgun even though I'm just a few inches away>pick him up, am ready for my kill>I screenshot it, I want to savor the moment of triumph, of my final victory>pocket knife>books it to the cops>round ends, killed 0/8>return to cabin in shame>mother's head tells me I did good anyway, thanks mommy>next match, spawn in as A.J. at Packanack lodge, only one to spawn in that area>spend two minutes searching lodge and surrounding houses for tools>clear out every single space, only get a can of health and the keys (both cars on other side of map BTW)>Jason teleports and instantly grabs me>no pocket knife>drowned in toilet>survival time: two minutes and 37 seconds10/10 would incur pocket knife-related PTSD again"
,Recommended,438740,32743649,Posted: 24 June,all,Loiter's Dead,"This is game is pretty dope with friends but gets boring by yourself. People say Jason is overpowered but thats how he is in the movies so I would stop whining, this game is so much fun when your Jason and tons of fun being a counselor. They both have there pros and cons so I am not backing just one side."
76561198306758865,Recommended,438740,32181319,Posted: 4 June,all,RetroGaming102,"This game is amazing! I would suggest making sure you have good internet, and a PC that can handle the game. Other than that you're all set! The first few times as a Counselor or Jason can be a bit difficult so, good luck!"
,Recommended,438740,31969309,Posted: 26 May,all,𝑻𝒉𝒆 𝑳𝒊𝒄𝒉 𝑲𝒊𝒏𝒈,"This game is a legend, how long waited for her announcement, and here she is already here, on our screens of monitors, televisions. If you are somehow not familiar with the legendary franchise of movies and comics ""Friday the 13th"", then be sure to check out these films And penetrate into the atmosphere of the first horror movies, believe it you will completely capture, and you will never forget it, and you will be at night on Friday the 13th to look back. The game is stunning from head to foot with an atmosphere that will make you believe Into what is happening, and go deep into the study of this franchise."
76561198150809052,Not Recommended,438740,33129596,Posted: 2 July,all,Zeeee,"A flare gun doesn't stun Jason, pretty gud game Kappa"
76561198047577910,Not Recommended,438740,32165665,Posted: 3 June,all,Imaginary Enemy,"I have never taken the time to write a review before, but this game needs it. So much potential, incredibly fun except for 3 things.1) You will almost never get to play jason. I have jason preferred and have never gotten a single game as him outside of private match. They should let you Queue up at either Jason or the survivors2) Shift-Grab is an incredibly unfun technique. Being able to instantly teleport and grab for a kill sucks any joy out of being hunted. It isnt thrilling, its a just a matter of time before you he gets you. The cooldown for shift is small, and there is no cooldown for grabs.3) There is literally 0 incentive to not instagrab kill survivors. No jasons use the environment. They dont use their weapons outside of throwing knives. The only mechanic i have seen in 8 hours is shift grabbing.Rumor was the devs were going to put a small window where jason can't grab while shifting so you have a second to react. IF that happens, and they make the instakill when grabbed less reliable, this game could really be something."
76561198111973426,Not Recommended,438740,32642145,Posted: 22 June,all,[E8] Johnbarman,"Ok I can accept the part with teleportation and the players get grabbed by Jason. But the problem from my point of view on this game, comes when you get grabbed suddenly from nowhere after you walk half of the map. No animation effect like they did on beta gameplay, just a second with some screen distorsions,  and that's it... you are dead. A dark smoke or something to scares you it will be much better then this ridiculous killing mechanics as it is right now.﻿I play this game, but It's not what I expected. Too expensive for what they offer. Beta was way way much better. That's why I buy it. But right now I feel like they lied to us, only to milk some cash from Jason fans.I wanted to refund but I played too much for testing the game and convince myself that is a good game..."
76561198186747034,Not Recommended,438740,32692881,Posted: 23 June,all,FOXY,"the game is looks good it just need some work, just 5 CON i hate about it. Jason teleport is OVERPOWERED. He can tp here, tp there, tp 10ft to you. it just over powered an no way to get away  if you lucky as hell. hope they had a heavy cooldown for tp on jason in the future. the second CON, i dislike the TV static an the gray when jason is close by, this isnt slender man okay.  the full controller support config is crap. recommend you make it yourself big time. the delay of actions is very sad, like closing doors. an why walking when out of stamina in a horror game? jogging would be nice!so do i feel like i wasted my money on this in any way. YES an NO! this game jsut need to be tweak an rework thats about it. so i recommend you dont buy this game until its the updated are about all the CONs i just listed above. can i get my money back?"
76561198262386634,Not Recommended,438740,32633030,Posted: 21 June,all,✪ Paŝśive,so bugged its bad
76561197963885736,Not Recommended,438740,32122390,Posted: 1 June,all,Visitant,Do not buy this game until they fix the balancing issues around Shift-Grab. It's basically unplayable.
,Not Recommended,438740,32036553,Posted: 29 May,all,Sharpy,"The game itself is addictive and bugs are making it funny but also bugs are killing the game. Here is the list of issues that i've had: permanent black screen(fixed), permanent ""saving profile data"", crash when  trying to buy a perk, perks disapearence, bugs with models and textures (please don't fix xD). I think you have to admit that this is more early access now then a release. Thanks for the attention."
,Recommended,438740,32092821,Posted: 31 May,all,DeadInside,"I am somewhat confused by the negative reviews I saw that pushed me away from wanting this immediately. Though some were silly, as of course there is not going to be tons of maps. The game play is fun and the music adds to that chill factor when Jason is in range. It is also kind of neat trying to get random strangers to work as a team to flee from Jason. About the only con I do see is the fact that counselors can injure other counselors.Maybe eventually they could introduce Freddy for a Jason versus Freddy thing where they can all go after counselors and each other. That way, no more griping from those who complain about how many times they have been Jason. Either way for a game that actually was introduced with a price tag that everyone could by that was not listed as ""Early access"" that could have that title for many years, it is a fun game to play.Though I did have some random crashes of the exe, I can see these things getting fixed."
76561198022020037,Recommended,438740,32115532,Posted: 1 June,all,Stannis The Mannis,"It's a very fun game with some fun mechanics. If you think this looks just like dead by daylight you would be very wrong. atleast that's what i compared to in the beginning but once you play it you can easily tell it's alot more than that.my only problem with the game right now is the 100+ ping i get 3/4 matches most of the time you dont notice it but sometimes it can lag out pretty badly ( for example i once even glitching Through a beartrap as jason).Also there is only 3 maps at the moment but they all take a while to learn so it's not a problem for me yet but i could imagine it will get too much of the same if you play it too much ( i am asuming however they will be adding more maps in the future so it's more likely a temporary problem like the ping)TLDR: Few problems atm, but it's a fun game"
,Recommended,438740,33092870,Posted: 1 July,all,Radeon Blunt,hey thats pretty good but legit FIX THE ♥♥♥♥ING BUGS
76561198290812360,Recommended,438740,33279802,Posted: 5 July,all,☣DEF4ULT ☣,Its a very good game. Community is better than in CSGO.-too many bugs.
76561198120393492,Recommended,438740,31978773,Posted: 26 May,all,RUNE,"Non-Biased Review*EDIT: THIS IS WHEN WE COULD ACTUALLY PLAY*First things first, i am a geat fan of the movies and playing as Jason puts you in the movies, the visuals and overall ascetics of the game are amazing. However, like any game there are the draw backs.PRO'SGreat VisualsWhen team work is there, it's a whole other game!Gory and GruesomeGood range of Characters.Great balance between Jason V Campers. Jason is not OP.CON'SExpensive for the content you actually get.Can sometimes be repetitive.Without team work and people having working mic's the game is nearly impossible.Leading to my other point, the majority of people do not own mics, maybe a setting to search for headset players?Final VerdictFriday 13th: The Game is a fun, scary and atmospheric slasher team based game. Fans of the franchise will love this game and that feeling you get when playing as Jason is better explained when you step into his boots. I hope this quick review was helpful and feedback is welcomed!"
,Recommended,438740,32023455,Posted: 28 May,all,Dio Brando,My god... This game is so much fun. The launch was a little disapointing with conection problems at launch but the game is still insanely fun.
76561198006103413,Not Recommended,438740,33171839,Posted: 3 July,all,Wist,not worth $40
,Recommended,438740,32023449,Posted: 28 May,all,BennyBoy168,Awesome
76561198271387265,Not Recommended,438740,31980189,Posted: 26 May,all,Ajjohn101,The game is too glichy.
76561198055418547,Recommended,438740,31996295,Posted: 27 May,all,Rumney90,"All i can say is the Price is Questionable but overall a good game.The only problems i have is that some people take this game FAR TO SERIOUSLYyes Jason is supposed to be OP its Jason Vorhees and also if you escape it gives you satisfactionalso if you just RP the entire thing its a lot more fun this isn't a game for Pro or competitve playersits for those who want to have funIn terms of bugs i have found noneIf you don't like this game (No Offence) then your either playing it Wrong or too CompetitveAlso Don't trust all reviews use your own Judgement, watch some Videos, Streams or if it has a free weekend give it a go then but don't play this game if you play SeriouslyPros: Gameplay may get repettitive but a lot funDifferent Jason's and Councillor's to chose fromTension is great(if Roleplaying So much fun)Cons: A few bugs that are off like the Black Screen bug in Private gamesEXP bug hopefully Fixed with updateGrab range of jason Fair Enough it's got a Distance on himAlso Don't Compare this to DbD if you haven't played Both"
,Not Recommended,438740,32760270,Posted: 25 June,all,gir,Personally it wasn't very fun with 3 of us who queued together after a couple of games we all refunded.
,Recommended,438740,33436148,Posted: 10 July,all,Femton15,"The game is a lot of fun if you play with friends or have a working Microphone. This game is very much about communcation and if you don't like to talk to strangers or don't have a mic I wouldn't recommend the game, unless you buy it to play with friends through Skype, Discord, Teamspeak or whatever."
76561198163009663,Recommended,438740,32419003,Posted: 14 June,all,Drawing Tieger,"NERF THE GRAB!!! Jason can grab you right after he teleports, he can instant kill you when he's grabbed you AND IT'S NONSENSE!!! First aid sprays are POINTLESS when he can just kill you instantly! I will say the grabs where he kills you with the environment are okay. Those actually require skill. I think the instant grab kills should be a rage mode only ability. If they fixed that I would say this game is excellent. For the most part it is pretty fun as long as you're in a server with a decent ping."
76561198150570426,Recommended,438740,31984511,Posted: 26 May,all,tcolelite YT,"(NOT mentioning  the day one database error...)Overlooking the price, its frikin amazing.PROS:1) it makes me feel like im in a real F13 movie2) the kills are really well made3) killer cant be caught over a damn wooden pallet and trolled (DBD i mean YOU)4) balanced(ish) hey haters, JASON IS SUPPOSED TO BE OP! DOES JASON ALWAYS LET 5 PEOPLE GO? NO!!!CONS:many glitchesMany people in community that are just annoying"
,Recommended,438740,32208757,Posted: 5 June,all,Russell Crowe,This is a great game most of the bugs are more funny then gamebreaking ive had alot worse in other games. Ive only had it four days and its all i been playing way funner than expected.
76561198046962779,Not Recommended,438740,31979788,Posted: 26 May,all,Brewsaboss,"Downloaded an it will not connect to the web. It's asking me to verify my connection, my connection is fine. I've reset everything and it still fails. Anyone else seeing this issue?"
,Not Recommended,438740,32001324,Posted: 27 May,all,T.tv/Stoutner,roleplay is okay. Devs started it off with ♥♥♥♥ing up the servers. This i'm going to refund and stick with a game that has real developers. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY.
,Recommended,438740,32062610,Posted: 30 May,all,SooperShmoe,"I went into this game expecting it to be pretty bad and ready to refund, but damn if it isnt intense. I have felt no boredom at all after 5 hours; It's still just as fun and nerve wracking as when I first played it. I had one sever error but going to main menu and rejoining fixed it, I highly reccommend this game, it is insane amounts of fun"
,Recommended,438740,32064480,Posted: 30 May,all,Bloodbelch,"Game lacks the ability to customize keybinds, which is a game breaker for those who don't use WASD or are left handed...It has potential though.  I just can't believe they release a game without that functionality."
76561198162151750,Recommended,438740,32055414,Posted: 29 May,all,Augiedt,A bit annoying but loads of fun!
,Recommended,438740,32062683,Posted: 30 May,all,KleptoManiac,"Any game that lets you punch someones head off with one good swing is a winner in my books 11/10Honestly though, for me this game is a lot of fun. Even more so if you have some friends to play with!Sure there are a bunch of bugs and♥♥♥♥♥♥but what game doesn't have♥♥♥♥♥♥like that?Just try it out and don't let all the uptight cry babies stop you from having a chance to enjoy this game."
76561198061514890,Recommended,438740,32062905,Posted: 30 May,all,Abe Lemons,I like this game and play it lots
,Recommended,438740,32056649,Posted: 29 May,all,phenomenalXF,I am a big fan of this movie...and fan of Jason.I really enjoyed this game.Playing as Jason is fun.Playing as counsellors is littlebit difficult and requires lot of practice.This game is super fun and if you have friends to play then this game is super fun.The concept is similar to Dead by Daylight.But there are some changes.There lot of bugs and it has to be polished more.If developers gives regular updates and some free dlc then it would awesome.And also if they add some more customization options and Single player mode and also some more maps then this game would be awesme.I personally enjoyed it.If you are a Jason fan.Then this game is definately for you...
76561198355921575,Recommended,438740,32399293,Posted: 13 June,all,Arcademan01,"Love this game needs more stuff instead of quick play. add like campaign or a little story mode to it that doesnt include buying, illfonic and other company's from this product add more stuf i know you are making another game but his game still belongs to you. if you could add maybe a new map known as the boiler room from freddy vs jason or the house from friday the 13th part 4.love the game i'll definetly buy your new game, love your company and please read this review"
,Not Recommended,438740,32017975,Posted: 28 May,all,The Evil Soultaker,"If this was a 10, hell I'd say even 20 dollar game. Then I'd say buy it, but as of now it's like a more unfinished version of dead by daylight.Pros:+It's fun to play as JasonCons:-It's ONLY fun to play as Jason-The characters move so weirdly-Jason has a special usain bolt move that has like a 5 second cooldown making it overpowered-The facial expressions are more horrifying than Jason himself-The game is so buggy and janky it feels like this is still a tech demo.I strongly do not recomend this as of now.(Edit: Due to unprofessional behavior by devs I strongly do not recomend this game at all.)"
76561198110691175,Not Recommended,438740,32211365,Posted: 5 June,all,Ugnak,"Friday the 13th is a unique twist to horror games that puts you as a survivor or the killer, Jason. It is fun to play as both and this game is really fun, I definitly enjoyed hunting down campers and also escaping Jason as it can get really intense! Each character and Jason has unique stats that have pros and cons to different chatacters, which made you choose wisely who you picked. BUTT this game is certainly far from perfect.One of the most fundamental flaws in this game is it is not scary. The reason to this is you always know when Jason is coming and you always expected it as well. As music starts to play when he is around you. Also Jason is literally marked on the mini-map if he is near sometimes which is just outright STUPID for a horror game. I had a couple of jump scare moments but that was really it. I never felt like I was playing a horror game because Jason is so predictable due to the developer choices.Combat in this game is so horrid it is outright ridiculous. As a survivor you can fight back but sometimes the game will not input you striking Jason and he instead just grabs you after a game breaking bug and kills you. This goes for both sides, striking someone as Jason is just as bad as striking someone as a survivor. The combat is so stationary as you are paused in one spot when performing a combat animation, so it is easily counterable.Another thing with this game is the content they offer you for a 40.00 CAN game. This game does have a really great concept, and I hope the expand on that and not shove down DLC down your throat for a grossly overpriced game. The 3 maps that come with the game look identical in my opinion, the cabins are all copied and pasted around the map. I just hope they offer free maps that are more unique in atmosphere.Overall, this game has a depth of an ocean but it's content is as wide as a puddle. This game does not have enough content to justify the price of 40.00 CAN.* I heard there will be a single player story which looks like fun, just hope it is free!* CAN= Canadian Currency"
76561198053180707,Recommended,438740,32079574,Posted: 31 May,all,La WolfSway,"The game is very good, 9/10 for now the only problem is that when I die quite early or in the middle of the match, when I leave I don't get the XP which is a shame. I hope that they add that when you die you can leave the game and get the XP."
,Recommended,438740,32182508,Posted: 4 June,all,JSPD,Best game what i play ever
,Recommended,438740,31989870,Posted: 26 May,all,₩iedzmiη,"Ok, first, let's get the negatives out of the way.Price. You are paying $40. That 40 bucks isn't just to play an asymmetrical multiplayer game, it's because you are playing a Friday the 13th game. Because licensing. Assuming they had more content in the form of maps, objectives, characters, etc, it could very well be worth the price for everyone. I've already gotten 90+ hours in @ level 33, so I've certainly gotten my money's worth.Glitches:Second match. I'm Jason. A couple people escape. I kill 4. Two left. One guy managed to glitch so that he was in their air the rest of the match, following me around. Not his fault, but a glitch. Another person was stuck by the bridge, on a rock between the water and the bridge. Just stuck. Couldn't flee or take damage. This was intentional. Some of the bugs have been patched, others remain, but more often than not are hilarious.Content:There's just not a lot here. I've got 90 hours in, and I am not bored, but they will need to really drop a few more maps soon to make this game sustainable long term.Ok, now for some basic thoughts:The communication from developers was great at first, but since then, minus the retro update, there hasn't been a whole lot of news on was is to come.No SLI support. Some workarounds are possible with Inspector and alterantive SLI bits, but flickering ensues. Not that this game looks fantastic. It's meh, but very fun nonetheless.When the game works as intended, it can be pretty damn fun."
,Recommended,438740,32306561,Posted: 9 June,all,EyelessThought,10/10great memes
76561197988034802,Recommended,438740,31990500,Posted: 27 May,all,Herr Kaleun,"Played as Jason from Jason Lives, Part 6, a slow, hulking monster, I stalked the camp counselors, with that slow purposeful walk, chasing them into cabins then purposefully smashing down the door, I smashed my way in to one cabin, where two counselors were crouched down behind a sofa, both made a break for the door but I grabbed one and the other had to watch in abject terror as I slowly crushed the firsts head between my hands, then slowly, with that machine like drive, I turned around and began the hunt for the second...Part 6 was my favourite Friday the 13th film and this is an authentic love letter to the series and while its not 100% perfect, its everything I expected and from an indi dev team they have done an excellent job, hopefully with their love of the series they will perfect the game and make it smoother and iron out the creases, this one is going to be one to watch, I don't mind paying the full price for it as its a faithful homage to the series and I support it.I recommend playing with friends if you can get enough people to pick the game up, I can imagine it being and absolute scream at a lan party!Perfect 5/7 would murder innocent teenagers at a campsite again."
,Not Recommended,438740,32017740,Posted: 28 May,all,Besty ♥,"First and formost I want too say Friday the 13th Is a fun game too play especially with friends but It frustrates me soo much as too how strong Jason Is, don't get me wrong Jason should be a strong character In the game but from my personal experiance he feels broken over the top he really does require some nerf, being able too see every survivor on the map regardless of what they're doing Is strong but In combination of being able to Teleport whereever he wants and on a low CD there's no way too escape or outplay the Jason, what fun Is It when I'm running away from Jason he has the ability too just Teleport right on top of me and Instantly grab/hit me? There's next to 0 ability to outplay the Jason. I like how the game feels and plays out just please fix Jason, I doubt I'll be opening the game again until that happens. Thanks for reading."
76561198095564647,Recommended,438740,32442528,Posted: 15 June,all,Frobert222,cancer tommy MAINS SUCK
,Recommended,438740,32418675,Posted: 14 June,all,⚡Sans.⚡,I Reccomend This Game Because It's Fun! You Can Unlock All The Jasons (Except Souvini Cause It Was A DLC) But You Can Unlock All Councelors Like Me I Have 1 Jason To Unlock Then I Have The Full Set! This Is A Great Game! 10\10 Game.
,Recommended,438740,33196773,Posted: 3 July,all,Akylus,Yo forsen what's up its Billy Herrington aniki gachiGASM
76561198096138192,Recommended,438740,32326558,Posted: 10 June,all,Natureboy20,"This game hold true to the Friday the 13th series. Jason is a terrifing force of nature to be feared. But humans can still win, as long as they work together (sometimes). A wonderful psycological horror game."
76561198101153915,Recommended,438740,32015199,Posted: 28 May,all,Zombie,This is great fun and anyone who says otherwise doesn't have a mic to talk in game!
76561198201528639,Not Recommended,438740,32015659,Posted: 28 May,all,Nel,1/2 of my play time has been spent on trying to connect to the game
76561198076115635,Recommended,438740,32029324,Posted: 28 May,all,Leo,"think evlove/dead by daylight but bigger, better, more indepth and alot more fun and worth your money"
,Recommended,438740,32207658,Posted: 5 June,all,✪ Ryan,nice game
,Recommended,438740,32056569,Posted: 29 May,all,ĊĻŮŚȚËŖ ĊŮŅȚ,"I may only have a few hours into this game, but now i'll make a review about it.Sure this game can be a bit iffy at its best wtih the servers being absolute trash, but overall this game is fantastic. It gives me a real horror feeling just like the movie. To anyone reading, this game is recommended."
,Recommended,438740,32421920,Posted: 14 June,all,Mince,"Highly recommended. The most fun I've had on a new game in years. There are some glitches with items and attacks, but it's a fun and intense game overall. Very faithful to the movies too. If you're on the fence, just buy this."
,Recommended,438740,32422047,Posted: 14 June,all,Capo,Totally worth buying
76561198021757575,Recommended,438740,32224699,Posted: 6 June,all,Incipit Satan,Love It!!!!!!Way Better Than Dead By DayLight!!!
,Recommended,438740,32281031,Posted: 8 June,all,Stone,It's good and fun however you need someone to play with or it becomes boring fast.
76561198160979667,Not Recommended,438740,31992336,Posted: 27 May,all,White Raccoon,"Im going to start with the bad 1st since there is so many I need to get that out of the way.No keybinding. Can't remap controls.Game feels very clunky and stiff trying to open up the many drawers, opening up doors. Game interactions is just bad but you can used to it. Not the worse but its bad.The game doesn't look bad but its decent enough but the physics is horrible. Someone dies and they can get dragged around like a rag doll or bounce in the air. Its funny but really does take away the seriousness of the game.Want to be Jason? Good luck you will need it.Dont want to be the counselors? Tough luck.The game does rotate players who want to be Jason but nearly everyone wants to be Jason. If you stay in the lobby long enough or pure luck you may get selected as Jason assuming the lobby doesn't close. This does ensure good que times.Jason is extremely unbalanced. I hear its intended. A good Jason sucks the fun out of the game. Teleporting right beside you or re-appearing beside you with an instant grab or swing that is near impossible to avoid unless Jason screwed up. Despite the game just coming out a good amount of Jason's are able to perform this most of the time.There is little to do for the counselors. You will being looking through drawers after drawers hoping to find items you can hopefully slowed down or stun Jason. The only way to prevent Jason from killing you the moment he grabs you is if someone hits Jason soon after or you are holding a pocket knife. You can truggle to break free but you just won't unless the Jason wants to kill you somewhere in which he has to carry you there.You can try to fight Jason but its not reccommended if hes not distracted by other players. Sometimes you may have to take a chance. Be warn though his grab reach is much longer than it appears. He will grab you before you manage to even finish your attack. Even then, if you do hit him he could just recover in a few seconds and teleport/shift and grab you.There is fun to be had when players work as a group but there are plenty of times this just doesn't happen.Hiding is extremely tough to do as a counselor. You could always get into a tent and stay in there at the start of the game and be invisible to Jason. To do this you need to have low or no fear. You don't have a clear indication what your fear level is. When your character is extremely scared your screen will grey out and you won't even be able to see your hud as it all fades away.This game even has troubles of friendly Jason's working with a few counselors to give away other players positions for safety, whether its temporary or not. The Devs are okay with it. They have even came out and said greifing is and will be part of the game. So get team killed by a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that wants to ruin your experience. Its allowed.The game gets incredibly repititive.While throwing people through windows or smashing their heads in is fun amoung other things. Its honestly to easy as Jason. Pub stomps feel very rewarding in most games because you displayed such a degree of skill. Here you could do a pub stomp with almost no skill.If you do happen to escape or die. You can just wait for the match to end so maybe your next game you can play as Jason in the same lobby, again assuming the lobby doesn't crash/etc. Or you could leave. Im not sure if you get any experience though if you left. When I left I don't recall seeing my exp go up any but that may be because my level is above 10 and the amount it takes to level up starts to increase around there. Edit: You do get xp from what you did in game just not the 500 clear xp if you don't stay til the end of the game.This game is also plagued with connectivity issues but mostly with friends. Want to play with friends? Try to keep joiningwith your friends and maybe you will get lucky when you que as a group. Otherwise I recommmend joining their lobby and hoping you get in faste nough with them before the slots are taken by other players.The Facial animations make Mass effect andromeda look good. let that sink in.Not gonna lie. This game sounds bad. I will tell you I had fun playing this game. It wasn't all the time. Most of the time was because I was playing with friends(which was hard to pull off) or as Jason who is much more of a tolerable gaming experience imo. Sadly this game gets less fun over time and only gets more frustrating. Especially when you join a friends game in progress and wait for it to end only for the lobby to close. You should also be warned of lag due to other players playing from a different country. I only wished more games like Black Desert online blocked ips to prevent players from other countries runing your game experience. Im fine with having an option if that is even possible to play with players all over the world but when you can get matched up with players not being able to speak a word of English yelling through the mic plus making it hard just to perform some of the most simplest of actions such as opening doors. I'd prefer if they couldnt play because they are making it hard for me to even do so and opening up doors and drawers is one of the biggest selling points of this game as a counselor.................its true tbh.Minor annoyances also will be players with mics who try to be funny. Most of them Role play and it is just pure cringe most of the time. Very few of them will be funny. Atm you can not mute Jason either. Expect to hear some weird stuff.If this game could fix the party issues and maybe even a few bugs such as infinite Stamina or Invunerable Jason no matter how many times you hit or shoot a walking Jason. It could be something not great but better. Right now I can't recommend it. You may have some fun but I don't believe it will last long. The problems quickly overwhelm so much of the game. Keep your eye for games updates. Until then you should probably steer away from this for a bit and maybe hope for a price cut."
76561198065145934,Not Recommended,438740,31999423,Posted: 27 May,all,Divinizion,Refunded. Issues with finding items and surviving. A 7 foot man with invulnerability super dtrength and 2 teleportation abilities...o...and he can see through walls. What was i thinking when i bought this. But this game is a very good adaption to a video game it shows how powerful and initimidating Jason is also how helpless u are as a mere mortal. But i wouldnt recommend this if u want to be a counselur main.
76561198145430129,Not Recommended,438740,31999559,Posted: 27 May,all,ShieldMaiden,"The pause between selecting an animation and actually doing it is way to much, the game seems clunky, and playing as Jason is way to easy. His perks are way op and isn't even fun.  For $40 I expected alot more, this needs an early access banner in the corner more than any other game I've played."
76561198241026700,Not Recommended,438740,32001066,Posted: 27 May,all,shintu_,Bought the game on friday its saturday... still havent gotten to play it.... they have no eta on when i can play it.... They arent compensating us for the wait AFTER they took our money?  The beta was good but this is ridiculous.  Don't buy this game until it works!
76561198008249502,Not Recommended,438740,32003719,Posted: 27 May,all,Wolsey,"Fun ... at first. When you die, that's it, you have to wait 15 to 20 mins for the round to be over to get your XP. During that time all you do is spectate other players croutch walking through the woods. Incredibly boring unless your teamates get to summon Tommy and your the lucky one to be brought back.  Playing Jason is fun but you rarely get to do that. If you get stuck was A**hats for teamates they can gank you and your stuck in purgatory again wating for the round to be over.  The goals are boring and too easy. Always go for the boat, Jason never goes to the lake and you only need to items to repair it. This game needs lots of work before it has longevity. I would skip it for now."
76561198045547079,Not Recommended,438740,32008088,Posted: 27 May,all,MOONMAN,"1.5 hours into game I realised that this isn't worth the 39.99 they charged me.Cons:-Lack of maps, only 3-Seems to be pretty buggy-Movements are cluncky, and player will stop and scream if they see something the don't like-Thrid person camera sucks, would have been better if it was zoomed out or was first person-Jason can see you almost all of the time, so sneak doesn't really work out too well. Doesn't help that he can teleport in front of you.-Jason can almost instantly kill you if he grabs you, no time to struggle free or have other players assist you.Pros:-Got my money back."
76561198018649885,Not Recommended,438740,32008698,Posted: 27 May,all,Borjoyze,"At the moment I would wait. I would wait on buying this until there are some serious rebalancing patches because atm Jason is just too strong, the only way the game is fun is if Jason doesn't try hard and plays with his food instead. Otherwise this game is hilarious and fun with friends, but if the game isn't good on its own then it doesn't matter if its fun with friends, because any game is already fun if you have friends to laugh with so the ""fun with friends"" argument is weak. They need to fix the so-called ""Combat"" system in this game or remove it because its frustrating and doesn't work. Jason's grab move has way too much priority over a basic light attack AND it has a much longer reach that it would need. I've tried dodge backwards many times before Jason uses the grab but even though I dodge back he still has the reach he needs to grab making the dodge pointless. And blocking is pointless because he can just grab through it. In short I think he should have a windup to the grab so dodges ACTUALLY DODGE. Dodging takes a bit of stamina already so it would be balanced in that regard. This broken combat system makes strong characters almost pointless, they can't sneak, can't repair, only hit hard, so the only thing they can do is trying to bash Jason when he's grabbed someone, but the moment Jason sees the guy with the bat close in, he's already mashing an execute button which makes the smacking him pointless because it's too late. When I find a lobby full of talking people and a Jason who knows how to have some fun (not teleport grabbing and mashing the 1 key for an execute) I have an absolute blast, but its sad that a Jason needs to limit himself for the survivors to have any fun.TLDR: One of the playstyles of the game is pointless, Jason is too powerful with his grabbing and needs to change. Fun game in the right circumstances, but ultimately frustrating when facing a Jason that isn't willing to roleplay or give the survivors a ghost of a chance."
76561198271736444,Not Recommended,438740,31975797,Posted: 26 May,all,adventure,if you get away you win but you got to watch the people win or lose or you get not points
76561198141761118,Not Recommended,438740,31990336,Posted: 27 May,all,Dragon Senpai,"""Friday the 13th: The Game"" is a joyful experience playing both as Jason and the survivors in my opinion. As a Dead by Daylight fan this game is a lot of fun for me despite it's heavy price tag and repetitive gameplay. Right now I feel I shouldn't recommend this game though, because it has been experiencing server issues, bugs, expensive for what it currently is, and Jason is way too overpowered. I hope the developers improve the game so I can give it a positive recommendation."
76561198178634711,Not Recommended,438740,32025791,Posted: 28 May,all,femalefonzie,"Steam is run by morons who don't care about their customers!I can't play the game. Haven't been able to since I bought but it's not a server issue. It's something wrong with the actual game. I suspect my computer may not be able to handle it, which is weird because I checked, updated, and it should have been.Anyway, I would get to the launch screen, be connected with a group, and then my computer would kick me out and terminate the program. Fine. Game that I've been waiting for since December doesn't work. All right. Whatever. The problem starts when I try to recieve a refund for a game that does not work.Steam claims I've played 5 hours of the game. I have not. I have not even been able to get into a single round in the three days that I have owned this product. That 5 hours is the collective time I've spent trying to launch the game. I've sent three refund requests and nothing.What a ♥♥♥♥ing joke!It's one thing to have a product that doesn't work, it's another to refuse to pay back people when the product fails! I paid 43.99 for this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ an absurd amount of money, that has essientally been flushed down the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!In summary; DO NOT BUY THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME. IF YOU ALREADY DID, RETURN IT. IT IS NOT WORTH THE TIME, OR THE EFFORT. I SPENT MY WHOLE GOD DAMN WEEKEND WAITING FOR IT AND HAVE NOTHING TO SHOW."
76561198038218401,Recommended,438740,33087516,Posted: 1 July,all,Uncle Tom,Amazing Kickstarter/Backerkit project. Was buggy at first but the creative team has gone above and beyond to fix everything! I highly recommend this game. It is load of fun and highly addicting!! You can tell this franchise is in the creative teams hearts!
,Not Recommended,438740,32265174,Posted: 8 June,all,✴ Sekai,"Number Negative List Review. Keeping It Simple.#1. Killed By Jason. Okay, whatever. Point of the game. [Happened over and over, but still, whatever.]#2. Ran over by my own team-mate with a car. That sucked.#3. Team-mates drove by with two open seats, without the killer after them, saying f.uck you, and escaped. Not cool.#4. Found the keys to the car. Russian team-mate tries to kill me for them. He was friends with the Jason, they team up and kill/betray me. Let his russian friend escape. F.uck you too.#5. Shot by my own-teamate for the keys. (Starting to hate this game.)#6. 4 people leave the match, leaving us lonesome 3-4 people. We all died.#7. Constantly gets matched with non-english speaking (russian, spanish, asian, etc.) people.#8. Puts on ""Prefer to Spawn as Jason"". Out of 10 games, I've gotten him once, wooo.#9. This game mostly requires mic usage to win.#10. Stuck in the car. Stuck in the door. Stuck stuck stuck stuck. Yay.#11. Shoots Jason with a shotgun in the chest, and he just keeps on walking. Yay.#12. Constant high ping, I almost never see anyone under 110+ ping.#13. Haven't escaped once, fun game.#14. No report system for trolls, griefers, or friendly Jason + Friend(s)#15. Puts down a Machete for a bear trap. Lays down the trap. Comes back for Machete, and it won't let me pick it up...#16. Bodies fly everywhere if you walk into them. Especially if your Jason.#17. Almost always have 1-3 leavers every game, making it unpleasant, and not fun.#18. I believe this game was released early, and rushed for the attention and $$$. Models are clunky, and animations are sub-par. I'm no coder or game-maker, but I'd rather just play Dead by Daylight. So much smoother.#19. I believe this game has a lot of potential. It's a bunch of fun, but unless you and a group of friends buy the game, so you can coordinate together as you play, this game is a waste of $$$ atm. I'd personally suggest waiting awhile until it's updated or lowered in price. Right now, this game isn't worth its buck sadly, I was so hyped for this game. I'll edit this throughout the time the game is progressed on. I just feel it was released/rushed too early.Right now I'm upset with the game. So I'm just gonna quickly list what I liked.I liked the whole idea of the game, innovative, new, and exciting; Keeps my senses on the edge. I love specifically and only, the killing animations by Jason. I like the idea of fortifcation, slowing down Jason. I like how each survivor has their own base stats, but can all have perks. Perks are all Counselor shared, that's neat. I love how you can buy new Killing Animations as Jason, this gives you a bigger feeling of personalized customization. That's about it for now, I'll try and keep building on it."
76561198084785388,Recommended,438740,32269512,Posted: 8 June,all,kezata,"I've been watching this game since it was announced years ago through its kickstarter campaign. There were obviously some let downs, and the now-fixed server problems. After the amount of time I've spent playing game, I really believe that if you enjoy Friday the 13th movies or slashers in general, you'll enjoy this game. It really does a great job at letting me feel the power Jason has, as well as the helpless the counselors can have. I've never played DbD but after all the videos I've seen for it, Friday the 13th still has my full attention when it comes to games of this genre."
,Not Recommended,438740,32264920,Posted: 8 June,all,Modified420,"I bought it, Played it, and hated it. Maybe in a year when they add more content and fix some bug issues. Catch it on a steam sale, not worth the price at the moment."
,Not Recommended,438740,32542334,Posted: 18 June,all,Simply Smile,"So i've been playing this game for a couple of hours now and i really want to give it a thumbs up. But i can't. At least not yet. The amount of gamebreaking bugs is just annoying. A lot of Perks like Grease Monkey (which let's you start the car faster) or Nerves of Steel ( which should protect you from loosing the mini map during high fear) and so on, ain't working. Furthermore there are bugs letting counselors reach areas Jason can't reach which ends in waiting 20 minutes until the game automatically ends or Jason leaves the game.If you really want to survive, you better have a 2nd Monitor to watch a Stream or something else while waiting. Otherwise you gonna die of boredom or you become one of these people who instantly leave the game as they get killed by Jason (which prevents him from getting the kill experience (please fix that aswell ))As soon as the major bugs are fixed i am willed to give it a thumbs up. I mean i really like the gameplay but as i said, it's not enjoyable at it's current state."
,Recommended,438740,32923052,Posted: 28 June,all,DelGhaGhaDor,"First of all - I want to thank the dev team for their incredible dedication and open communication with customers. They could have been like No Man's Sky or ME:A, or hell, even Dead by Daylight with their poop and botting. These companies all jumped ship soon after launch. Instead, Gun Media have been very open to questions and help for the many months their game has been in the public light. They did a TESTING beta, not a marketing beta (like so many companies do.. *cough* For Honor), to work on making the game as fun and stable for us as possible.All that said, I have really loved the game, both in beta and now. Like several other streamers, I played the game a day early, and it ran well. There were less people playing, so quickplay and the servers were fine. The big problem now that it is actually out is that SO many people are so hyped for the game that the servers can't handle (and neither even could a big company like Microsoft, as seen by the Xbox store crapping out on launch). To my knowledge, they are upgrading the servers and adapting as fast as possible to the incredible amount of people that are trying to get on. Our love was too girthy. :PFrom someone who has got games in, I love it and would recommend the game, if you like survival type games. It is more detailed, has more items, and requires more out of you than a game like DbD. I had an incredible time with it in the beta, and have loved it now (quickplay problems aside). Wait though for a day or two so you don't experience server frustration, and if you have it, just be patient with them. They've worked harder on fixing everything than any dev team I've seen.TLDR: LOVE the gameplay, just be patient for a day or two to work out release-day server problems."
76561197979116717,Recommended,438740,32224173,Posted: 6 June,all,littlestar,"Slow patch, slow update, slow response from dev. Doesn't matter the concept or gameplay is good if update is slow... hence this game is dead."
76561198159903822,Not Recommended,438740,31994961,Posted: 27 May,all,Nikø,"This game is just a poor reinvention of 'Dead by Daylight', the mechanics are awful ,and in the short time I found I managed to bare playing this game, that every single person wanted to be Jason, just because the counselors stand literally no chance against him.The animations were also awful to work with, and the controls were just about usable.This game needs a serious changing by the developers before I would advise anyone considers buying it."
,Not Recommended,438740,32143512,Posted: 2 June,all,corey,"Let me start off by saying this isn't a bad game and by any means, this isn't a rage review saying how♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is or something, this is my opinion of the game currently. So I am a big fan of survival horror games so I was excited to see another one but I had my doubts considering what happened with DbD being a fail for like half a year.Pros:-The theme for the game is great. The first few movies were good in my opinion, and I think they did a good job using the different Jason skins along with the counselors to create the ""immersion"" for lack of a better word.-The game looks beautiful. At max settings, the scenery and the color scheme is amazing and is definitely one of the better looking games out there for the horror genre. Simple stuff as the backround when the mini cutscene for Jason killing the counselors looks great. Also, the models for the counselors are well done and they are definitely realistic.-In terms of gameplay, it definitely gives you some options on win conditions which is something I felt DbD seriously lacked. Currently, you escape via car, boat or you can have the police come to save you and you can even kill the killer which does require a lot of steps and against any competent player the likelihood of pulling it off is probably slim.Cons:-This game is insanely frustrating for counselors. Maybe that's the point, but I don't see the appeal in one guy being able to teleport, grab you, kill you with 0 counterplay to that. I mean, I know it is a team game and such, but not everyone is going to have a 7 stack (you can have 8 people total, including the killer) with communication all the time. That being said, you can't juke and Jason can run infinitely with the only viable classes people use while you have a stamina bar that depletes pretty quickly even with the skill the max you can have it... I honestly don't think the killer is too overpowered, but the counselors are way too weak in terms of what they can do to strategize against him. Like you can stun him, but you pretty much have to be a certain character to have an adequate strength level. I don't know, it's just kinda lame to me. You can't even like hide in a bush because he will use his abilities that let him see you and then he gets on top of you from an angle you don't even see. There's also a flare gun and a shotgun that stun the killer for a period of time, but they do not damage him, it only stuns him for a period. In general, the counselors items are useful to some extent but don't expect them to win you the game other than the parts to repair vehicles.-The metagaming in this game is absolutely horrible. Way too often do you get a killer that is being told info where others are and the killer lets the guy he's working with to survive at the end. Why there isn't a separate queue for Jason is beyond me. It would solve a lot of those problems. There were also times were I wanted to play Jason and couldn't because it is all down to luck and setting your preference does jack♥♥♥♥♥♥too. DbD didn't really have too much of an issue with queue times so it is pretty unacceptable when the game advertises being able to play as Jason.-Another thing that I saw that was pretty humorous is how lacking the devs for this game are. They were saying ""we didn't expect so many players to play so that's why our servers sucked"" or something like that. WTF? How could they not prepare for something like that and try and make it seem like it wasn't their fault at all is insane.-The main thing is this game is $40 for a game that should be worth 20, if even, max. You get 3 different maps that are all the same with reused textures so the amount of effort there is pretty appalling and them being an indie company is no excuse for that. If I had a good chance to get a refund, I wish I could just for that money alone but I would've been fine with 20 knowing hopefully it would be a playable game. I don't know how it advertises as a full game, but that is besides the point. They also had this exclusive skin with an exclusive Jason skin with new abilities and the devs refuse to put any of that version of Jason in the game which is also frustrating knowing we are SOL if we ever wanted to play it...This game isn't the worst, so I'll give it that. Is it worth the money? Probably not, but I can see the appeal I guess since the idea of it seems like it would be a fun game. I really hope that eventually I will get my money's worth but it has been frustrating to play, and it just seems so unfinished gameplay-wise that it really takes away from the game. I'd give it a try, but if it was as annoying as it was for you, I would refund it and wait till the price drops or something."
76561198044825966,Recommended,438740,32323521,Posted: 10 June,all,Casper-_-,"i am loving this game, great to play with friend and a group of strangers"
76561198120733619,Not Recommended,438740,32259333,Posted: 7 June,all,2muchMANA,"tHIS GAME IS PRETTY EPIC, HOWEVER!!! You are buying a game full of game exploits where the counselors can reach certain areas in the map that Jason can't reach and they literally sit there and run out the clock and ruins the game for both jason and all other counselors that are dead and have to watch. I once literally watched two guys sit above a fire place and all they did was♥♥♥♥♥♥talk to jason knowing they cant touch them. This pretty much breaks the game and it's epicness.  The more I play the more I run into people who use these exploits. I dont know why people use them when it defeats the whole reason of playing.I suggest that the creators can allow Jason to destroy anything in the enviroment and make the hit points vary on the object, but the places where people are known for exploints should be allowed to be destroyed in one hit because its straight BS to deal with this in a game that you dished out $40.  so far there is a fireplace, a bridge, and a bookshelf that people bug on so that jason cant reach them. I have some uploade screenshots to my public profile.there is also a bug where jason can break the animation of chopping down the door so that if someone is waiting to stun him after breaking in, they wont stand a chance and will be insta grabbed. these creators need to fix these, I say give it a few months until you buy this game otherwise you'll just end up getting frustrated with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who cheat and talk hug amounts of♥♥♥♥♥♥ a very toxic community. I will probably continue to play, I will refuse to even learn how to use the exploits . I do report the people who use these exploits but I dont anything will be down, so I usual ""BETRAY"" them next round if we're both counselors and then they cry about which is kinda funny comming from a cheater."
,Recommended,438740,32022521,Posted: 28 May,all,SteelBeams,"Game is great. It has its bugs, but so far nothing bad in game. Only big issue is the servers and private lobbys, once they fix those game will be great. Buy it if you enjoy bloody hide and seek. All praise the 1 and only true god Eric JR Lachappa."
,Not Recommended,438740,32614278,Posted: 21 June,all,배틀그라운드의 신,"For the people who live in Asia, don't buy this game yet until they get servers close around/in Asia, as when I play from Hong Kong, the ping is around 220+.However, when and IF they do get servers here, then I would recommend the game."
76561198346124749,Recommended,438740,32379780,Posted: 12 June,all,xJuggalo Drakex,"I love t his game one of the greatest games know to man its worth the $39.99 i would been happy paying the normal $59.99 Highly recommend doubt what others say this is nothing like dead by daylight so stop compairing hte two, yes has the same concept but feels and playing nothing like dead by daylight they are both different in there own ways and both great but this is better out of the two."
76561198205868301,Recommended,438740,33022836,Posted: 29 June,all,WOLF42133,very good 10/10
76561198012439147,Recommended,438740,32120789,Posted: 1 June,all,Samurai262,Even with all the bugs and such the game is as fun as could be. 10/10 gaming experience.
,Not Recommended,438740,32378969,Posted: 12 June,all,Oyarsa,"I am leaving a negative review solely for the price of this game.It's entertaining, and it's easy to overlook how campy and glitchy it is if you actually try, but this game was released as if the devs were professionals with a professional game and a professional game's price tag. It is absolutely not worth $40. $10 and I'd say it's GOTY, $20 and I'd let it scrape by with a minimum thumbs up, but the $40 price tag is absolutely absurd and a slap to the face to any independent developers who care about content more than money."
76561198085825511,Recommended,438740,32012676,Posted: 27 May,all,Sewage Man,"I've played 3 rounds so far and was Jason one of those times.  I survived one time, died another time and as Jason killed most not all the campers.  It is a fun experience and a different type of game.  I don't mind a hard game or a game where you have to actually think / use strategy to win.  Yeah Jason is super strong but, it is what it is, how many ppl did he kill in the movies and how many times did he die? duh....  The theme is awesome, it gets intense real quick and you have a chance to come back in the game after you die as another player.  Sure if you die quick you have to wait approx 10 minutes or until everyone is dead before the next round starts but, go read up on CNN or FOX for some fake news while you wait.  No big deal.  People were nice in all 3 matches, mics help and who doesn't like escaping driving away in an ugly car for the ""WIN"".  I would buy it again and on that note, I'm off to play again."
,Recommended,438740,32657472,Posted: 22 June,all,Onii-Chan,"Honestly, I love this game to death! I mean of course that this game has quite a bit of bugs and that's completely understandable as it hasn't been released that long ago. Am I going to hold back on playing because of them? Of course not! I love this game to death and it's even more fun with friends! I recommend this game and hope that it also grabs the attention of many more. Along with some *ahem* DLC perhaps?"
,Recommended,438740,32734872,Posted: 24 June,all,Kihan 性感的,funniest game ive played esp when you have good teammates and bait the ♥♥♥♥ outta jason
,Recommended,438740,31998260,Posted: 27 May,all,Cheeki Breeki Dead ORBIT OK,A touching tale about a poor boy who drowned in a lake and his actions to remedy the situation that left his mother dead.andYou get to Kill Kids.20/20
76561198272808246,Recommended,438740,32116084,Posted: 1 June,all,C L O U T skinhub.com,Amazing game all the bad reviews are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥because jason is op well he is supposed to be
76561198053006838,Recommended,438740,32488448,Posted: 16 June,all,Bixeon,Worth
,Not Recommended,438740,33289568,Posted: 5 July,all,Co03per,"two words: ""fatal error"""
,Recommended,438740,32970148,Posted: 28 June,all,Cpt_Spaceboy,"Do I likel it, course I am do"
,Recommended,438740,32019343,Posted: 28 May,all,Kiyohime,"People's expectations are ridiculously high for a game that was made entrely by an INDIE company that's staffed by not even 30 people total, and who are dealing with game content that has to be LICENCED from other sources.Yes, there are some bugs, but no game in this day and age releases completely bug-free. If any of these people rippin of the game even tried to reach out to the devs or just check the status of the game in general, they'd see that they're ALREADY WORKING on fixing a lot of the problems. Many people experience a bug only once,only once, and then write that experience off as a blanket for the whole game, even if they were to be put in that same situation where they experienced the bug before, and it doesn't happen again.The game itself is fun and I have a blast playing it, and I'm going to continue to do so."
,Not Recommended,438740,32444299,Posted: 15 June,all,r1sh12,"its a decent game, just not worth the money they want, and after a short while it can become repetitive. i suggest waiting for a price drop or DLC/updates"
,Not Recommended,438740,32007045,Posted: 27 May,all,Gyunbie,"Steam is telling me I played this game for 20 minutes. I've been trying to stop it from crashing on the loading screen, the one you get when you enter a room, I've been trying this for 2 hours. A hour and 40 minutes of my life has been wasted trying to find and use a solution, the other 20 minutes were wasted on the main menu searching for a room after each time my game crashed.after 2 hours of torture, I gived up on this game which I've waited for months, I may want a refund or maybe I'll wait till it actually becomes a fuctioning game that doesn't have so may issues like a early access game."
76561198260793879,Not Recommended,438740,32738484,Posted: 24 June,all,Papa Ice 🚾,"Should be 15$-20$, easily glitched and exploited. Also lack of content. It's pretty much only fun to play with friends (which can be said about a lot of games.)"
,Not Recommended,438740,33209444,Posted: 3 July,all,vourrager,"It's a fun game, but the gameplay mechanics, the bug and glitch, they're broken in this game.this game is not ready yet"
,Recommended,438740,32435109,Posted: 15 June,all,Stupid✪buds,It's goo
,Not Recommended,438740,32005873,Posted: 27 May,all,cheesycheese5,I wouldn't recommend the game right now in it's current state. It definetly not worth 40 dollars for what it has. It's a good game for what it has but not good for the price. Earlier on release the servers kept going down. So do not buy until fixed or lowered. ( I know singleplayer is coming later) I will change review if it gets better.
,Recommended,438740,31967225,Posted: 26 May,all,Oskulock,"Tense as all hell, great soundtrack, terrible animations for characters but overall looks quite nice.It's good, hopefully the community kicks off properly for it."
76561198384755072,Recommended,438740,32064425,Posted: 30 May,all,V!rtu4L.exe,This game is just perfect! 9/10.....And when you like Friday the 13th movie....It's game for you! ;)+:+Epic soundtrack+Lots of Jason and counselor skins+Many ways to escape+Many references to the movie+Amazing finishers as Jason+You can kill Jason-:-Jason is too OP-Crazy bugs
,Recommended,438740,33431462,Posted: 10 July,all,lemansgarcia,"Hi I like what any car key can be put on any car but if they fix it please put in little things blue or yellow car keys and when you get to drive to put ""lo feel are the keys to the other car. I would also like to put a motorcycle of engine we need to repair it with a wheel, petrol and keys that also ""llaves of the bike that put in the little things. I would be very grateful that you put it, and as you put jason's improvement and demos you speak recently included tom savini jason's I hope that it will be waiting for you. Bye"
76561198131830569,Recommended,438740,33711016,Posted: 21 July,all,CrustyBobCat,Getting shot by shotgun sim
76561197972813286,Recommended,438740,32233072,Posted: 6 June,all,No one important,"First all, look at how many hours I have logged on this game before deciding how much credibility to give my review.  I'm not someone who just played it for half a day before deciding to share my opinion.This is a good game, and I like it.  It's very fun to play, and if you were someone born between 1960 and 1990 you may find it has enormous nostalgic value.There are a few negative aspects that I feel could be improved.  The game is fully functional, but there are a couple of bugs and glitches that need to be resolved.  Also, I feel they shouldn't connect players to servers that are not of their region, as this just causes lag.  The random perk roll is not a good system.  Also, there are some small tweaks they could implement to make the game more balanced in favor of counselors.  I would be nice if they had a punishment system for disconnecting players.But overall it definitely gets my recommendation, even at $40."
,Recommended,438740,32233964,Posted: 7 June,all,Doodles,"Sure there are a few glitches and it's not very polished, but that actually compliments the Jason genre. The best way to play this game is with a solid group of buds and that can provide endless hours of awesome kills and comebacks. I think the power is balanced well and gaemplay is creative. Very nice!"
76561198028953373,Recommended,438740,32246225,Posted: 7 June,all,Anakin Skywalker,"Joined my first game of the day...Seems regular, nobody is talking and I'm running around as Jenny.All alone in a house and I start to hear Jason music, see on the map that Tiffany is running to me. Tiffany jumps in my house, unlocks the door and sprints out.The Jason following her now ignores her and goes after me for a couple minutes instead. Before I die I see Tiffany standing right nearby watching me get murdered, and after I die Jason just stands next to Tiffany and doesn't kill her (I assume she's in league with Jason).I come back as Tommy Jarvis and vow to TK her. I find her in a house with a Vanessa and I blast her with the shotgun as I tell the other person that this dude is a traitor and is working with Jason!The Vanessa then tries to kill me because she's also in league with Jason.Blasted her with shotgun dropped by Tiffany. Both Tiffany and Vanessa had all the items needed to escape.An AJ runs by and I tell her that they were both traitors, AJ yells a loud ""F YOU!"" to me and runs away carrying gasoline. I kill AJ after chasing her for a minute. I'm the last person left. Jason finds me and tries to take me out.I leave the game before I'm killed.10/10 would deny escape experience for the traitors again."
,Recommended,438740,32304949,Posted: 9 June,all,DES,"Watched my entire team die because i had 2 car keys and solo escaped with one car. Pretty funny, 8/8 would be an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ again."
,Recommended,438740,32141638,Posted: 2 June,all,Rhino,It is a good game because I like killing people by slamming their head in a door. Makes me happy!
,Recommended,438740,32058997,Posted: 30 May,all,aiRfeeL,nice game !
,Not Recommended,438740,32915030,Posted: 27 June,all,Crowii,"AVOID THIS GAME AT ALL COSTS.Firstly, if you do purchase the game you'll have done everything the game has to offer within 5 hours of gameplay. You'll simply only have clothes to continue playing for.The bigger issue are the developers.They've been banning people for swearing in an 18+ game, the most known case being a player who was banned for swearing at a 12 year old player (Yes, a 12year old in an 18+ game who was fine with seeing decapitation but not swearing) while his team mates were greifing and assisting Jason.The person banned had no evidence about this aside from the greifers saying that they knew the devs.So let's recap.Friends of the developers were playing with a 12 year old Jason and were assisting him in getting free kills, and if you didn't like this you'd get banned.The game itself could have been great, I held really high hopes for this game but I've requested a second refund. (I had refunded on release date with all the server issues)This game does not belong on Steam."
,Recommended,438740,32003256,Posted: 27 May,all,[CG]Baron,"Killing people brutally as Jason, and escaping from death by Jason as one of the Counsellors when everyone else was brutally murdered in front of you... two of the greatest things a game can have. Also, TOMMY JARVIS ftw."
,Recommended,438740,32194851,Posted: 5 June,all,[77th] [Recruit] c01n_deadly,"From what I have seen so far, the game looks and feels great. It does a phenomenal job at bringing that nostalgic feeling of dread that I felt when watching the Friday the 13th movies as a kid. While some complain about the graphics, i feel as though the developers did the best job that they could in making a wonderful game full of action, dread, and gore, and to be an indie company, the graphics look good to me. My overall rating would have to be a solid 8.5/10. Great job developers, you restored my faith in all original and fun games coming back to the gamers."
76561198060369979,Recommended,438740,32036005,Posted: 28 May,all,Bad ^_^ Idea,"Well I've been fortunate enough to have a decent experience and I thik the game is fun.I watched every movie as a kid so this is pure nostalgic bliss in the most gruesome sense.Load times have been pretty quick from Australia.Only problem I've had was when saving my profile, it seemed to get stuck in an endless loop.I'll find out next time if my force close created any problems."
76561198051828810,Recommended,438740,32036119,Posted: 28 May,all,Fish,Forget anyone that says this game isn't worth it. It's the best to screw around in and have any army of people with bats just bullying Jason.
,Recommended,438740,33823257,Posted: 26 July,all,KingNibs,My experience can be summed up as.1.   Find a game2.   Watch some guy die3.   Run round panicking because you can't find anything useful4.   Jason finds you5.   Panick a lot6.   Get grabbed7.   Die and watch other people play8.   Leave out of boredom9.   Recieve no XP10. Repeat steps 1-9This is a game that will live or die by it's community so be aware of the current state of the game before purchasing.My opinion is neutral. A fun yet short lived experience especially for the price.
76561198284012275,Recommended,438740,32409584,Posted: 14 June,all,Noop Noop,I only just got this game 2 days ago i would just like to say....It is probably one of the most funnest games i have ever played and im sure after a heap of updates it will be well worth over $40It is an excellent game to have fun with your friends and to play with randoms. No one has been saying how S*!@ people are either.                  21/10
,Recommended,438740,32067199,Posted: 30 May,all,Easy Pete,"Obviously it it needs some work right now, but it just released, give it time. This game is a lot of fun with friends"
76561198025067686,Recommended,438740,32068074,Posted: 30 May,all,Vaudevillain,"Bring beer, a fun voice, and a good friends. Be prepared to have great time reenacting all the Cheese film glory. :D"
,Not Recommended,438740,32013089,Posted: 27 May,all,All0verAgain,The game is fun but it's not worth $40 dollars!
,Recommended,438740,32025430,Posted: 28 May,all,Finnelele,"I will updated this review regularly!6.5/10 - Beautiful game, awesome kills, challenging for counselors, but missing some content and a few game breaking bugs.+ The overall world design is just spot on and I'm in love with it. Beautiful and simple.+ The voice chat is amazingly fun and makes every round ""different"".+ Perfect mixture of slow and fast pace.+ It's very challenging for counselors against a good jason, but not impossible.+ Good performance on a 980ti Super Jetstream and i7 7700k.Please keep in mind that this is not a AAA game and just launched.The negative points or mainly feedback for the devs!- Never ending save data profile messages, errors and freezes.- Might be not enough content for some people, for me it is enough for now.- Bugs here and there that get you killed such as bugging doors, traps and jasons grab range.Overall it's a great game and I'd recommend it to anybody who has some money to spare. Yes, right now there is not insanly much content, but that did not change anything on how much fun I am having. It might get repetitve after some time, but features such as the voice chat make every round different and fun in it's own ways. Basically what we have here is an awesome foundation for a (as of right now) unfinished feeling game."
76561198045523726,Recommended,438740,32068115,Posted: 30 May,all,SAMURAI,great game even with the bugs you have a lot of options to escape and a great communication game to play with your friends if you play this game with your friends you will have a blast.
76561198089031078,Recommended,438740,32247342,Posted: 7 June,all,oddity,"I like this game quite a lot. Despite being quite over priced, lacking variety in maps and having only one game mode, it still manages to be quite fun for me.I'd highly recommend getting this game if it is being offered at a discount."
,Recommended,438740,32411263,Posted: 14 June,all,THAILAND NUMBER ONE,Good Game
76561198059210321,Recommended,438740,32095077,Posted: 31 May,all,jpmulloy1,"Amazingly addictive. While some bugs exist, the randomness associated with the game makes each round a tense and addrenaline filled experience..... even moreso when you're close to excaping!!!"
,Recommended,438740,32476171,Posted: 16 June,all,JorisForever,When you have friends that rp with you its very fun.
,Not Recommended,438740,33134401,Posted: 2 July,all,Noah[HK],Jason instantly knows all escape points.This is very stupid.
,Not Recommended,438740,32013079,Posted: 27 May,all,worthless.piece.of.shit.,"Nothing to say, it's already been said."
76561198218695967,Not Recommended,438740,32026966,Posted: 28 May,all,MrSkittles24,"ch ch ch ha ha ha! its creepy its difficult its what u want in a jason game but i feel like a lot of the time its ruined by glitches that could could determine if u live or die. So once me and a friend were camped up in a house and i swung the bat at jason as soon as he entered the room and it went threw him ruining all the fun and causing me and my friend to die. Its a game I will definetly continue to play because its fun with dramatic friends that scream there asses off, but at its current state there is a little to many glitches for it to be bought currently. But if they fix these problems this could become one of my favorite games. CH CH CH HA HA HA!"
,Not Recommended,438740,32028222,Posted: 28 May,all,RA3DAU L9IPACA,DATABASE LOGGING FAILURE I HAVE BEEN HAVING THIS ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥FOR 2 HOURS AND I COULD EVEN ENTER THE MAIN MENU. ♥♥♥♥ YOU AND YOUR SERVERS ♥♥♥♥ING PIEICE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME. BEST 2 HOURS OF MY ENTIRE LIFE 0\10
,Recommended,438740,32040940,Posted: 29 May,all,Caine,"Fantastic game! You'll quickly get engaged as soon as you start to play your first game. There're some problems on database and server side, but dev team is responsive and doing better than many other ""earl access"" teams."
76561198111356777,Recommended,438740,32042489,Posted: 29 May,all,awesomeman123,"I really love this game, from the atmosphere to the gameplay, yes it is frustrating at times, but overall it is an amazing game."
76561198055485965,Recommended,438740,32547347,Posted: 18 June,all,CutieCock,JASON IS ALIVE!I DUG UP HIS BODY!HE'S EVEN MORE POWERFUL NOW!
,Recommended,438740,32895111,Posted: 27 June,all,Gameking,"bought 2 of these games for me and a friend and i think in total, we both like it =)"
76561198173724833,Recommended,438740,32193698,Posted: 5 June,all,The Wild Tometel,"This game is sooo fun to play, this is the only horror game I play because the jumpscares are not as loud and are not really that scary. Playing with friends is really fun but there is a really game breaking glitch. One is how sometimes when im jason and I pick someone up and they stab me with a pocket knife jason literally flys out of the map and dies. Im not sure if this happens to other people but it happens to me ALOT. Also some things that need to be fixed is how for some characters, when they hold a shotgun or a flare gun there hand will seem to be inside the gun and another funny but un realistic bug is the faces counselors make when they are screaming, they look ridiculous. This game is a 10/10 without that game breaking glitch. Defenently buy!"
,Recommended,438740,32193903,Posted: 5 June,all,Billy McGribble,perty gud
,Not Recommended,438740,32704401,Posted: 23 June,all,Yello Mit,"The thing is, when the game works properly, it is  ALOT of fun.But with the constant lag, ping problems, glitches, and random crashes, I can't recommend it for the price that it is.Once they fix most of, if not, all the problems (ESPECIALLY the random crashes), then this game will be amazing."
76561198007090980,Not Recommended,438740,32674391,Posted: 23 June,all,B-Ball-Boy420,full of bugs. crashing every 5th game. perks dont work. jason easily kills everyone. autistic kids ear♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥microphones. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game not even worth 10€.
76561198361275377,Recommended,438740,33816326,Posted: 26 July,all,stealthlyB3ASTZ,this game is really fun to play with friends and it gets the adrenaline running
,Recommended,438740,32223266,Posted: 6 June,all,BeholdThePaleHorse,"It feels like you're playing one of the films, they've captured the world design very well. Still early days but so far its been a great run, be even more interesting to see the finished product along with the single-player.Truly pants ruining when you give Jason a microphone. 10/10 would dry-clean again."
,Recommended,438740,33296186,Posted: 5 July,all,SleepyWillo,Great game but expensive for the little content you get. Great online multiplayer with a great atmosphere and very immersive. Only 3 maps so game play can get somewhat repetitive but no two games are alike.
,Recommended,438740,31988363,Posted: 26 May,all,a spooky Loser,Your about to get chadded on.
76561198132107279,Recommended,438740,32047078,Posted: 29 May,all,UNCANNY,"I went into this game knowing what I was buying. I did my research on it, and all I wanted was a nice game to play casually every now and then, but thats not what happened. I ran into a couple bugs such as poor animation glitches. Gliding across floors. People Floating into the sky, but it only made the game that more enjoyable for me. It was hilarious at some points. I have been playing this game for 3 days in a row, and I've been enjoying it more than Dead By Daylight. This game really gives power to anyone playing Jason and you will have to use COORDINATION! With other counselors in order to win the game. Or you can be sneaky and escape on your own while everyone else is being chased around. Every round feels different some how, and I don't even know how it's possible. The game is fun and it works. Plus they promised even more free updates and etc. I definently recommend this game, but let's talk some real issues for now. Exp system is broke sometimes I get stuck at a god damn level 0 and I can't use any of my perks switch through characters! Or buy perks! Disconnecting from game lobbies after finishing a round. Sometimes the party system leaves out a member and everyone has to quit to the lobby. Again! Other than that you will get stuck on the games geometry from time to time resulting in your death, when you might have had a chance to escape! But luckily the developers are fixing these things pretty well. It's only day 3 or 4, and they have fixed some serious issues on day 1. They worked pretty quickly to fix my issues.[POST REVIEW]Exp Bug FixedConnection Issues FixedParty Issues FixedSome in game bugs fixed"
,Recommended,438740,32047247,Posted: 29 May,all,Plannedcorn,"This game is really good its better than Dead By Daylight. The devs worked really hard on this game and are getting all the bugs fixed so dont listen to the people complaining that its a buggy awful game and that everyone should not buy WELL guess what 4 people made this, its a pretty impressive game for just being made by a small dev studio I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!"
76561198167383120,Not Recommended,438740,32774039,Posted: 25 June,all,Krazy-8,"I was so hyped about this game and thought no one will ever play Dead by Daylight again after this game's launch, but man was i wrong. It is good fun for the first couple hours but, for me at least, it is too repetitive to be worth 40$. I heard there will be a singleplayer campaign and I'm looking forward to playing that, but in its curent state, I can't recommend this game to anyone."
,Recommended,438740,32046081,Posted: 29 May,all,King Pivot,I overall have had a pleasant experience with this game. Playing with friends is a must.
76561198135763512,Recommended,438740,32129537,Posted: 2 June,all,Marco Banderas,russian who was spamming porn in mic was killed firstthis game knows which people have to be killed first ;)10/10
,Recommended,438740,31966367,Posted: 25 May,all,Chris Redfield,"A ridiculous amount of fun. Well worth the price (since they are adding a story mode in the Summer). Way better than Dead by Daylight, by the way."
,Recommended,438740,32091834,Posted: 31 May,all,Vander,"This game is a lot of fun and I would totally recommend playing. I have been looking forward to this game ever since the beta test. At first there were some issues with the server on working or players not being able to connect or friend not being able to join you, but so far most of those problems are gone and now I am having a lot of fun. Between being Jason and or a Counselor it feels pretty even on the teams. The only problem that I have is that some players have figured out some glitches that will keep Jason from killing you. Other than that I totally recommend buying and playing this game."
76561198312416463,Recommended,438740,31970800,Posted: 26 May,all,KINGDOM,HATS OFF TO CREATORS AWESOME GAME WITH LOTS OF FUN I RECOMMEND THIS
,Recommended,438740,32277512,Posted: 8 June,all,Bjørnos Pizza,being jason is fun because you can kill ♥♥♥♥♥s like blap blap
76561197989934853,Recommended,438740,32816093,Posted: 26 June,all,Anfield,I Like What You Got!
76561198021492298,Recommended,438740,33469946,Posted: 11 July,all,Blind,Jason is coming!!!!!Must have!!
76561197970806276,Not Recommended,438740,31967056,Posted: 26 May,all,Mesa,"I cannot recommend this game. I don't refund games, and after all this hype (that I hyped myself into) it just in not a fun game to me personally, so I got money back.I havent played DBD in well over 3 months and ive only logged 33 hours total, but I can truely say DBD gameplay right off bat was so much more tense/fun then anything in this game. I mean even DBD felt just so much more fluid as a survivor. I really hope I can play this and give it another chance down the road.But after 5 games, I was absolutely done, and could not take another second of it. Was playing a match where i went out a back door onto a covered porch with a very small 3 foot high wall going all around and no escape, jason lurking in the room i came from. SO...  Im a Counselor that has a masked psycho with a axe breaking down a door, yet I cannot vault a 3 foot high wall?! My life is hanging in balance but apparently Chad doesnt want splinters...It just doesnt make sense that things like this wouldnt get addressed when developing a game? Another example, you knock out Jason with an Item and excitement sets in like your going to escape, except his body is blocking you from going around him, when anyone with a half of brain could step over him.This is like game breaking/immersion/tension breaking stuff that unhinged myself and a couple friends I was playing with. Instead of adrenaline and heartpounding action, im left with Blood pressure and anger when playing this game.Pros -- Sound, loved the Nostalgic feel of the 80s slasher films- Graphics- Clean MenusCons-- Broken party queue, had to spam quick join after party got dropped constantly (more then likely a fix soon)- Hilariously BAD canned animations- Controls were just terrible, janky is the word.- Bad control response when opening or interacting with anything- VERY slow as a survivor/Counselor- No control assignment edits?? I assume this has to change?I just cant explain in words how much dissapointment I have for this game currently. Happy for those that love it, but it just doesnt grab me and keep me wanting to play."
,Recommended,438740,32009764,Posted: 27 May,all,Twitch.Tv/SleeplessZ,Erken sürüm bugları var elbette ama artık oynanabilir duruma geldi.
76561197992933356,Not Recommended,438740,32043778,Posted: 29 May,all,^1[^0SiV^1] loUiEzY,"I think I wasted money for that because I haven't gotten past the f*cking loading screen saying "" Database login failure"""
,Not Recommended,438740,31996947,Posted: 27 May,all,discobbq,"Launches SteamVR in the background, even though I'm not running VR. I closed the game but SteamVR kept running, so it ran up my playtime and I can't refund it. Waste of $40."
76561198156111551,Recommended,438740,31983211,Posted: 26 May,all,IIZeedII,"I do like this game alot that I already have 8 hours on it on the first day! Although the game is having ALOT of bugs and glitches. First is the levels, some games I leave and when I get on the menu, I see that im level 0 when im suppose to be level 9. I restarted the game when I saw when it said database something. Apparently the servers were down. Then there back up and im able to play a couple more games. I died quickly at  one start of a game so I left and found myself at level zero again. I restarted the game and it didnt stay the database text. I was able to connect and I was still at level zero. Even though im having these problems the game just officialy released today. So theres alot of bugs and glitches. Hopefully they fix this one. Still, this game is alot of fun. And for now just wait a little to purchase it. They should have all the bugs and glitches fixed!"
,Recommended,438740,32879209,Posted: 27 June,all,Burktastic2,"This game is honestly great, small amount of bugs personally but whats really dumb is that there are so many bug exploiters in every single game it takes the fun out. Then they use stong profanity/ language against the other players. Ive sent in complaints on cheaters but no responses."
76561198019006188,Not Recommended,438740,32034014,Posted: 28 May,all,Randeus,The game online mode is broken. I am online but the game fails to connect to the server. I have not played one second of this game.  4.1 hours of nothing.
76561197971250019,Recommended,438740,32038650,Posted: 29 May,all,Ankye,"Whilst this game had massive server issues, you can't exactly blame the devs for being overwhelmed by it. They did/are doing everything they can to fix them.Onto the gameplay:Jason is OP, and that is perfectly fine. There really should be some changes though, because there's a difference between OP and broken. Jason being able to shift into a grab? Okay then. Jason being able to shift into a grab from outside your terror radius and insta-execute you without a chance of escape? Not okay.The counsellors are at a major disadvantage right now, but thats mainly due to the fact that we're all noobs at the game. No-one knows what they're doing and, since Jason is much easier to learn, he's stomping most matches. In the future, when the counsellors are skilled and have good perks, the tables may very well flip.The things I see that should change:Combat stance being completely shot down by a grab. This could work by forcing Jason into a combat stance when you do. This could also let you sacrifice yourself to save your team, resulting in better teamwork.Shift should have a grace period before you can grab again. This could stop people from instantly grabbing from a shift, and would make them use shift to instead go to the counsellor and hit them, or go infront and surprise them.Right now, you can reverse-juke Jason very easily with the car. If you drive backwards and he morphs behind you, drive forward. He needs to shift within a second to actually get infront of the car. The cooldowns on morph for some Jasons, such as part 6, are too big to have a chance to catch up.Finally, a little bug report. The bridge in Higgins (I think it's Higgins) can let people walk across the side of it, making them float above the water. Jason's hitbox is too big to go across, so the only way he can attack them is by throwing knives. If the councellor has packed up on first aid, Jason has no chance."
,Recommended,438740,32116829,Posted: 1 June,all,nightparty99,"really good concept, great gameplay, really good game overall. get it!"
76561198179403462,Recommended,438740,32220409,Posted: 6 June,all,Electr1cSkull,This is an really awsome game! So worth buying! Thx to the creators! Best reson to buy the game  is beacause of Tiffany Cox's Booty <3 ;)
,Recommended,438740,32354435,Posted: 11 June,all,Pyr0 Delirious,Best game I ever played yes it has some issue. But at least I am having fun. If someone start to cry about this game is broken or the money is over price quit acting like a baby. Later in the future we be getting all the dlc and story for free. Better then street fighter V and Dead by Daylight dlc purchase honestly....
,Recommended,438740,33288732,Posted: 5 July,all,YUNG_BOHEMIAN,dilly dingus deserved worse
,Recommended,438740,32062417,Posted: 30 May,all,MrJammers,"Fun game its difficult but once you get some perks and some experiece as a councelor it becomes less difficult and tons of perks.I intended to play the game for an hour to see what it was like before buying, 3 hours later i decided not to refund. XD"
,Not Recommended,438740,32119003,Posted: 1 June,all,"Quack!""","1) had no sleep due to fixing a dll error for this game (0xc00007b) .2) no update in over 2 months (including no upcoming update details).3) poor optimisation.4) Devs handing out bans and doing it in a unprofessional manner.5) Poorly balanced.6) minimal content (needs early access tag).7) no ping limit (could be playing on a server thats on the otherside of the planet.8) many glitches and bugs.9) no such tactical play, just hope jason goes for you last and have some RNG luck on the way.Please don't buy this game, when there is already a game (Dead By Daylight) which:1) is tactical.2) is balanced3) less bugs.4) no ping problems.5) no cheap VAC/Game bans.6) content which includes paid and free.7) frequent updates.8) perks that can actually make a gamechanger.9) And not all based off RNG.All this for only half the price of this pathetic mess, which has be named under a finished game."
76561198311773915,Recommended,438740,31970207,Posted: 26 May,all,PlushySiren2,where do you put tom savini code
76561198131151028,Recommended,438740,32024368,Posted: 28 May,all,Skrt_Salty,10/10 best game of 2017 and beyond!
76561198365958731,Recommended,438740,32137002,Posted: 2 June,all,feen,"Whoever say they play for the plot be lyin, lachappa thicccc."
,Recommended,438740,33381943,Posted: 8 July,all,Mitrixsen,"Pohodová hra na uklidnění se, zasmání se a zažití dobrodružství :DJsou tu 2 roleCounselor: Snažíte se přežít a postupem útect z táboru bez toho aby vás zabil zabiják jménem Jason. Máte na výběr z několika counseloru.Jason: Vyzabíjet co nejvíc counseloru a zabránit jim utéct z tábora."
,Recommended,438740,32499823,Posted: 17 June,all,SnailUtopia,Despite what people sayThis game is bomb as ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,438740,33942490,Posted: 31 July,all,Radazex,"So I was playing Friday the 13th the Game by myself late at night. I met a very nice lady on there who helped me escape on a boat. I found the gas, she found the propeller. As she steered the boat to our salvation I felt true love for the first time. I added her and kept in contact with her for the remaining week. We grew to love each other, and considering we lived in the same state, we wanted to meet each other. We met up for lunch, and got to talking. She told me, before we went further in the relationship, that I ought to know she has an abusive boyfriend. This♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off to no extent. I told her I'd help teach that ♥♥♥♥er a lesson if he lays a hand on her. The plan was that I would barge into her house just before he starts abusing her. I would then beat that ♥♥♥♥er up and tell him to never ♥♥♥♥ with her again. I camped out in my car across the street from her house. We were skyping to ensure that I could see what was happening. I opened my laptop and began skyping. Suddenly, her boyfriend barges into her room and begins beating her. I immediately rush to get out of my seat, but in the process, I spilled my coffee that I had on my shirt. Anyone know how to get it out?oh yea the game is good i guess"
,Recommended,438740,34814756,Posted: 8 September,all,Cpt.SoapMcMaggot[GR],"This game is very nice!I know it had many bugs and glitches,but they try so hard to make it even better.After the last update releash i see many difference about the glitch/bugs issues!Most of them are solved! of course the game needs more work and of course they give it the work it needs.I recomment you to buy tis game if you have the money and if you don't like it refund it! Give it a try!"
,Not Recommended,438740,35143127,Posted: 22 September,all,Blackadder,"Rip off£29.99 and you have to pay for the clothing DLC alreadyjust under 2000 daily players at this point, when will the developers realise that the high purchase price is killing the games playerbase"
,Recommended,438740,35286862,Posted: 29 September,all,Yenzonic,"It's awesome stalking people as Jason!It's awesome to run away from Jason!I just love how the game plays!Though I wish there was some sort of single player story mode.Or a tutorial where they really learn you the ropes of the game.Also, I impaled someone on a tree and she dissapeared XD Some glitches make it totally funny XD"
76561198095463498,Not Recommended,438740,35480320,Posted: 4 October,all,UNDEADMASTER,"THIS IS THE MOST BROKEN GAME EVER BATMAN ARKHAM KNIGHT HAD LESS PROBLEMS LIKE THE LIVE BUG ASSISTANCE PAGE ON THEIR DISCORD IS THE MOST USED CHANNEL AND WHY DA F*** IS THIS STILL $40?!? THIS IS A RIPOFF! alright now this game would be fun if their were no BUGS. Also the gameplay is pretty bland and is only one mode decent amount of counselors and jasons. It is also VERY REPETITIVE there are 3 ways to escape car boat and cops, cops is impossible, car is hard, boat is suicide so BE READY TO DIE!!!"
76561198371434693,Not Recommended,438740,35350734,Posted: 30 September,all,bjorn5489,Been waiting forever for a single match. I have had the game loading for a match for over 30 minutes. Open to anyone that wants to play
76561198351251694,Not Recommended,438740,34505526,Posted: 26 August,all,seton2356,I canott even get into a match whithout it crashingand i try to get the support but they dont even respond!!!
76561198108972984,Recommended,438740,34701967,Posted: 2 September,all,xpkennyj,I love this game its a true homage to fans of the franchise!
76561198089486644,Recommended,438740,35095058,Posted: 20 September,all,Connor,Very fun with friends. Lack of content and bad servers really bring this game down though. I would still recommend if youre looking for a game to play with your buddies.
76561198162418836,Recommended,438740,35095989,Posted: 20 September,all,Jomali,"Although the game does have some kinks, it's a very enjoyable game. Whether you like to play the role of a naughty teen counselor or Jason, then the game is for you. Though the price is very expensive for a game like this, so I'd wait for a sale or something. This game will get better, I promise you."
76561198090031739,Recommended,438740,35125021,Posted: 22 September,all,whadup5678,i would reccomend this game if you like to talk or have friends who play with you. its a must you have a mic to enjoy and interact with other people. to me its playing with others that makes the game fun. you never know who's gonna help or just leave you with jason while they escape.
76561198170568086,Not Recommended,438740,35208773,Posted: 25 September,all,ThatScreamingGiraffe,"Eh. This one is kinda hard, the game shouldn't be as much as it is, since it is ever so repetitive and you constantly do the same thing over and over... Graphics are alright but game has a lot of bugs and patches need to be done still to make it £30.00, if you're into this Horror of killers and whatever, I'd suggest you try it. If you're like me and not keen on the whole repeating system in games. Do NOT get this game."
76561198414652435,Recommended,438740,35192943,Posted: 24 September,all,Lexus,On My Computer It Lags
,Recommended,438740,35314904,Posted: 29 September,all,Roo,"This game is one of my favorite games in 2017. Tho as time went on, I think the game got a little worse due to the players and not the actual game itself. So even though I will have more cons than pros, I still think a few changes will help this game out a lot.Pros:The different Jasons keep it fresh. Tho as everyone seems to like the same Jason most of the time, its would nice if there was a lobby dedicated to everyone has to be a random character ^_^The pros and cons of certain counselors make it enjoyable. So not one counselors is OP than the other.Graphics are really well doneGetting into a good lobby with people who are on mics is one of the most fun things ever.Cons:Not many options to escape.No way of forming a group in a lobby if you want to continue playing with them.Private lobbies you can still lobby up as this can lead to people getting easy levels with friends.You dont really need help from others to escape. You can do everything by yourself and lone wolf it.Everyone likes to leave when they're arent Jason so it leads to very boring and quick games."
76561198035124010,Recommended,438740,35337113,Posted: 30 September,all,8chy,"It's a good game but player base is low and the region matchmaking is terrible, hard to get into a lobby where most people speak english, most of the time I'm in a lobby full of russian kids that haven't hit puberty yet.It's not worth the full retail price, it might be worth picking up during a sale at 50%+ off.Recommend picking up when it has a huge discount or gets into a bundle, not enough content or players to justify the price tag."
,Recommended,438740,35477409,Posted: 4 October,all,Derek#No-Lifer,Nice game <3
76561198305904001,Recommended,438740,34763373,Posted: 5 September,all,𝒮𝐻𝒳𝒦𝐼𝒮𝐻𝐼,"Nunja. Es ist knapp im positiven Bereich meiner Games.Warum? Ich zähle mal die Dinge auf, die mich stören.- Bugs die angeblich gefixt werden, es aber nicht sind.- Diese Community ist ziehmlich salty.- Die kleinen Maps sind grauenvoll.Dinge die ich an dem Spiel sehr mag!- Das allgemeine Spielprinzip.- Die Balance zwischen Jason und den Jugendleitern.- Man muss nicht gut in dem Spiel sein, um zu entkommen."
76561198247693506,Recommended,438740,35107501,Posted: 21 September,all,S.N.A.Z.E,Gun Media & Illfonic like and i love tihs game is go cool i like it
,Recommended,438740,35116184,Posted: 21 September,all,HITMAN,"not sure why people hate this is a lot of fun, a bit pricey but just to gie you an example the devs released a 2 GB update."
,Not Recommended,438740,35166496,Posted: 23 September,all,Chubb,"A really good concept, but god, the bugexploiters, cheaters and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ devs and community really ruins everything. Do not buy this garbage game."
,Recommended,438740,35210424,Posted: 25 September,all,WhiteyBulger,well having a ton of hours in this game i must recommend it.may be broken at times but overall is so much fun.
76561198374619872,Recommended,438740,35369739,Posted: 1 October,all,FlashpointRemnant32,"The multiplayer is pretty good. Honestly, youre asking way too much, due to lack of content, single player was promised a while ago. im fine with a challenge mode instead of story driven narrative, but just get it out there already. i dont even play this anymore. just waiting for more content,"
76561198207539383,Recommended,438740,35118085,Posted: 21 September,all,Actiture5,This is a very fun game and one of the best games to go in private matches and have a hunger games match just for fun
76561198348818377,Recommended,438740,35118408,Posted: 21 September,all,jbone420,"Awesome game, yeah theres some bugs but you have to keep in mind it's a small development team compared to a lot of other games. It's tonnes of fun especially if you play with some friends."
,Recommended,438740,32009091,Posted: 27 May,all,himynameislee,Jason called me the n word then decided to rip my leg off. This game is hilarious..
,Recommended,438740,31983028,Posted: 26 May,all,HnyBear,"I thought this would just be a Dead by Daylight ripoff and well it is but they did a much better job with it than DBD did. Game has typical new game usual launch glitches and there appear to be some graphics issues but it's a TON of fun to play.If you're on the fence about getting it, GTFO and buy it. lol"
,Recommended,438740,32008447,Posted: 27 May,all,UseTheVªlveHandle,"After a couple of patch this is a definite buy for me, the game is entertaining the devellopers are working hard on fixing all the exploits and there is more content incoming. If you are a fan of Friday the 13th this is the game you've been waiting for."
,Recommended,438740,32153791,Posted: 3 June,all,MC,noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
76561198283681279,Recommended,438740,32878295,Posted: 27 June,all,Sir_Savage,This is a very good game i would even let kids play it but it's a little to gory for kids
,Recommended,438740,32009217,Posted: 27 May,all,Doctor Odyssey,"Amazing game, it felt great watching a black guy play Jason and  see him massacre my Chinese teammates at 3 AM.10/10 for multiculturalism"
76561198341307132,Not Recommended,438740,33566115,Posted: 15 July,all,Astherisk,"Good game, but the bugs entirely ruin it.The devs have had 1 month for fixing the bugs (bugged perks, etc) and they have still not done it.Instead they nerf thick skinned, which is ridiculous. Why? A good jason can get 2 hits off of you through a window, making you limp INSTANTLY.Would give it a positive review if the devs actually patched some♥♥♥♥♥♥EDIT: So they just patched it and now the game is even worse. They removed things that required skill, added more bugs, and made teaming unpunishable with the removal of teamkilling. They are literally removing fun with this latest patch"
76561198263039720,Recommended,438740,32517746,Posted: 17 June,all,(Sic),If you have ever played the NES friday the 13th game and wanted more and better then this is the game for you. first hour in the game i was scared excited and laughing all at the same time this game is awsome and im really looking forward to what it brings in the future
,Not Recommended,438740,32745480,Posted: 24 June,all,endless_LAG,People just leave game after you kill them as Jason and it doesnt even count towards your xp. Complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t playing 16min of a 20min game and none of your kills count.
76561198369234149,Not Recommended,438740,34066759,Posted: 6 August,all,Abductee Survivor,The game is the same thing over and over again when u level up all you unlock is dumb clothes for your player dont get me wrong the game has good parts this game is only fun when you got your private party there is no point playing this game to level up it pointless to do so. So as far as leveling up on this game who cares at all about it. I know I dont and as I can read from all the other neg reviews of this game if this company is banning people for messing with them or there firends thats horrible I've been playing video games since I I was 4 years old. There also needs to USA only severs its hard to understand and play with people who dont speak english either. To many young kids on this game that team kill and I mean WAY WAY to many females on this game. And the guys on here try to impress them and when they are jason they let them live longer then any other guy player. It is totaly wrong female gamer already have the won the game there is about no point of play unless you are with your friends period Its got to the point I get bored and just walk around doing nothing waiting on the timer to run out. I was already mad about the fact they were going to wait until single player came put before the game was goin to come out i'm glad they didnt do that. SO if you can handle all these things that I have listed then enjoy the bull crap big time. And ill tell this if gun media is playing favorites with there friends that just shows what type of low company they really are Which is very sad I will still play it with my friends only. Team killing is way out of hand big time too. And its bull crap when jason picks up a person to kill them and shot him you will kill that person as well as hit jason to try and stop the kill that needs to be changed big timeAll and all this game has got some big time issues and all the favoritism that is played with gun media and female gamers needs to stop big time. And for these reason and these reason alone this is why i would highly not recommend this game until this is fixed.
,Recommended,438740,33344811,Posted: 7 July,all,Top hat Jack,CH CH CH CH HA HA HA HA. Never gets old..
,Not Recommended,438740,31969795,Posted: 26 May,all,Remi,"Poorly explained mechanics and janky looking animations really kill the vibe for me here. In the moments that everything works right, the game is pretty tense and I love it. I've got to leave a negative for now though until stuff gets fixed. I would say hold off for a month or so if you're on the fence."
,Recommended,438740,31984741,Posted: 26 May,all,Banta,"- Jason finds me inside the Packanack Lodge.- I run upstairs.- I try to shut the door, but Jason is too quick, cuz he stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥♥- He taunts me while trying to choke me out the window.- I escape chokehole and proceed to yell ""Not today ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥""- I jump out of the window.- I commit suicide.I won Jason. That mofo didn't kill me."
76561197999946763,Not Recommended,438740,32054033,Posted: 29 May,all,Trenix,"Yes it's true I didn't play much. However with how games are nowadays I want to make sure I can refund in time before I’m stuck with a game that doesn’t improve overtime and eventually dies. If the game gets better, I’ll be more than happy to purchase it again. Anyway, to my review, right from the beginning the game just feels extremely awkward. I wanted to feel paranoid playing a horror game, but what made me the most paranoid is the how the camera is setup.I swear, it was like tunnel vision with weird animations and weird movements overall. It made me feel nauseous. I was moving in areas I didn’t want to move to and tried to close and open doors, the way I didn’t want them to. That’s a huge problem. Also as soon as the game started I had to adjust my mouse sensitivity, which is something you only experience in early access games. This alone just made me want to quit. For a $40 with a game considered fully released, this is all very much unacceptable.The balance in the game was also pretty bad. I would think that I could get a weapon and stop Jason from attacking my friends, nope. Whether it’s because the animation is too slow, I missed, or maybe the first hit doesn’t knock him out, I just ended up getting grabbed and killed. Honestly, I’m not sure if it was all those combined. Therefore, I’m not sure what the purpose of weapons. I expected much more from this game and was watching over it like a hawk. Yet still, I don’t think no one has made the right survival horror multiplayer game.Let’s see what happens with this game, but for the most part, it's something you wish you'd like, but just don't."
,Recommended,438740,32260201,Posted: 7 June,all,Dr.Jizmo,First match Mr.Krabbz spawns as Jason screams at full volume were is the Krabby Patty formula!? Starts killing everyone I hide in a cabin all I hear from outside is a faint whisper is that you sponge me boy? Then Mr.Krabbz smashes through the wall strangels me while screaming about mild bobby sauce. 10/10 would steal Krabby Patty Formula again
76561198026547960,Not Recommended,438740,32618655,Posted: 21 June,all,Avada,CAN YOU DO SOMETHING AGAINST FRIENDLY FIRE ?AND CAN YOU MAKE IMPOSSIBLE TO PLAY JASON IF YOU ARE IN TEAM ?The game is fun but toxic player ruin this game so hard..
76561197962623702,Not Recommended,438740,32009258,Posted: 27 May,all,Myo,"avoid this game like the plaguethe perk system which i would say is a very important part of the game does not work 50% of the timewhen it bugs out when you create a new perk you have to restart your gamealso theres a chance to lose all your good perks when you bug out like thisif you restart your game you might not be able to reconect due to the ""database failure to login"" bugwhich if you get it good luck you won't be playing f13 for awhilethen imagine when you manage to farmed all this currency then u try to roll a good perk and you have to restart your game like a dozen times to only end up with LESS PERKS than you originally hadif they released this game knowing they had this kind of problem, and since this problem is not a once in a blue moon thing, because it's literally reproduceable just by simply creating a new perk to test this issue, it says something about this game and the developersthe obsurd waiting time to actually play this gameif u win or die early as a counsellor you have to wait for everyone else to finish the gamewhy can't there be a spectate OR leave optioni mean they did have another 5 months to polish since betaand many people did list this concernfotunately i have good ping when playing this game so I can not atest to the long lobby finding time or being unable to connect to a gamei think jason and counsellers are pretty balanced, for counsellors you need to know how to stealth and use cabinsjason is pretty straight forwardsaying this yea counsellors need little more effort but that's how the movie goes, jason is suppose to be strong but that doesn't mean counsellors will never have a chancefor statistics like 7/10  i survived as counsellor but i also played the beta a lot so I know about the noise systemi stayed pass the refund mark because I find the game is enjoyable but after getting hit by this real nasty perk bug and the ever expensive price tag of $44 canadian looming over my shouldersi probably rate the databse login failure defect a 10/10 on the priority scale like really? a bug that is preventing players from playing the game. GET A QA TEAM!!!!!!I can't recommend this to anyonestay away from thisif ur itching to play, don'tthey had plenty of time to QA this gameI haven't even got to the other plethora of minor things that shouldn't be in a 44$ titlelack of animation smoothness, camera angles causing headaches, YOU CAN""T REBIND UR KEYS ( R U FKN SRS $44, 2017!!!), a bunch of other quality of life optionshigh price tag = QUALITY GAME, not a shoddy thing you can ride through the storm just because there's a fanbase for f13.note - i do not want single player for this game, its nonsense, and it will not serve any purpose, so if the pricetag was jacked up for a nonexistent singleplayer that has no game value that will be implemented in the ""future"" yea..i did not buy this game for single player and i stayed with this game simply because of the choices of the perk system, being a fan of the movies, and the genre of this type of game.IIIFonic please understand this and fix your game before its over!!!"
,Recommended,438740,31990176,Posted: 27 May,all,Anihillator,"It's a great game for playing in company, but it really needs some balancing, jason is a bit too op, just a little bit."
,Not Recommended,438740,32076361,Posted: 30 May,all,♥,"yeaaaaa. id say if you are playing with friends in a private match than buy this game because it will be fun otherwise I wouldn't recommend buying it. Lots of people don't talk in-game, jasons are insta-killing which makes the gameplay overtime stale, and I've had lobbies with teammates (counselors) just running around killing each other for no reason at all."
76561198292336110,Not Recommended,438740,32032300,Posted: 28 May,all,Cool Rick,"I owned this game, it truly is an amazing game. I love it. But I refunded this game, it's just to expensive right now for what you get. I'm going to get it once the price drops. I suggest you do the same."
,Not Recommended,438740,32337531,Posted: 11 June,all,Cyan,"The game has some novel fun to it, but it's much too glitchy and repetitive to be fun. The controls are clunky and unresponsive, and most times youll be matched up with people who are lagging. You find deaths are rarely ever scary, just very annoying.Try dead by daylight, its much more ironed out and enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,438740,32233136,Posted: 6 June,all,ShanesPrettyRad,Game is really fun until everyone learns how  Jason's mechanics work and abuse the hell out of shift grabbing.I understand that the survival rates low because it's Jason Voorhees but to spend an entire 15 minutes running around looting just to have team mates die the the necessary objective items and then getting cheese by melee or just shift grabbed the appeal slowly starts to fade.I'd recommend it if it were cheaper...Actually no I probably wouldn't recommend it until Jason gets a little bit of counter play added in or something.Until then I'd probably suggest Dead by Daylight where there actually is some counter play and you can succeed just by being a good playing and being aware of how things work.
76561198041443381,Not Recommended,438740,32056161,Posted: 29 May,all,TheSunMakesMeSneeze,"Amazing game!I'd recommend this game for people who wouldn't mind spending $43.99 CAD for one game mode, 3 maps, limited combat, connectivity issues. But for some reason I have fun playing this game and couldn't stop playing on my day off. It's a fun game to play with friends and a way to get the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you scared out of. But with little game content in terms of progression with one game mode, I feel as if this game would be far more worth buying if the price drops down to half."
,Recommended,438740,32039559,Posted: 29 May,all,D.e.v.i.O.S ,"even with all its issues The fan base is less toxic in DbDMore fun over all then DbD.several ways to escape be it by boat , car, calling the policeHell you can even rght up kil Jason its not easy but you CAN do it."
76561198301286982,Not Recommended,438740,33182551,Posted: 3 July,all,DatGuySmoke,Community killed it its trashy and full of cancer!!!
,Recommended,438740,32303282,Posted: 9 June,all,bengi,not worth $40 but its fun
,Recommended,438740,33657881,Posted: 19 July,all,memo,about 11 hours into the game i was chased by a streamer that was singing to me using autotune about how he's going to get my♥♥♥♥♥really fun to try and convince jason to ♥♥♥♥ off 10/10
76561198311993425,Not Recommended,438740,32244183,Posted: 7 June,all,Chip Skylark™,Good but not worth $40.  Buy it if it is $20 or below.
,Recommended,438740,32000243,Posted: 27 May,all,Pseudo,"There's been two things I've dreamed about since I was a little kid.- A Freddy vs. Jason movie.- A video game where you get to play as Jason.I got the former a while ago and it gave me this satisfying feeling like I'd eaten a warm meal. Now I have the latter and got the exact same feeling. The game has lived up to my expectations.You play the game as either Jason or one of the counselors. Jason hunts and kills the counselors using a variety of abilities, and gets gory kill animations that you can unlock through points you earn playing matches. The counselors try to survive for 20 minutes or escape early if they can by gathering the components to flee in a car, boat, or call the cops. The can sneak and hide but if their fear gets too high (from being alone or in the dark or seeing dead bodies) it's easier for Jason to sense them no matter where they go.Do not buy or play this game if you're extremely competitive, get angry when you lose, or want counselors to have a fair chance against Jason. They are extremely outmatched, but you can win if you're smart, sneaky, or lucky. I've managed to escape a fair amount of times, but I've also had some bad luck - got the boat started but Jason came up out of the water and got me, escape in the car and Jason appeared in the road causing the driver to wreck and Jason pulled me out of the car. If you hear those scenarios and think you'd get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ don't buy the game. If you hear them and think, ""That's awesome,"" then you'll dig it. For me the game is more about the experience of recreating a Friday the 13th movie than it is about winning, and I think you need to have that mindset to enjoy the game.If there's one complaint I have, it's that there's currently some server issues that can make joining the game or getting access to your profile difficult. They're working on it, so if you'd be disappointed buying the game and not being able to jump in immediately then give it a week or two.Overall, this Friday the 13th fan is completely satisfied."
,Recommended,438740,32185257,Posted: 4 June,all,AlexcyBorg,"My thought on this game: It is fun. each game offers a different experience. Sometimes you die instantly. Other times you get lucky and escape. Its a diffferent match every time and your experience is slightly based on luck. Anyways, the price for the game is a little bit too much in my opinion. 12 pounds seems more suitable. And as for the quality? It is fun. but buggy... there are also exploits which allow you to not die to jason which seems a bit out of order. But other than the exploits and the hefty price. This game is fun and is great to play with friends! 7/10 for me.NOTE: The game has recently been overrun by russians and lack of microphone users + betrayers. So please watch yourself. Other than that my opinion has remained the same"
,Not Recommended,438740,32077227,Posted: 30 May,all,Eiffel,"Pretty unbalanced for the most part. It's understandable the aesthetic behind Jason is that he's intended to be a villain with few if not any weaknesses but for the sake of gameplay there needs to be a level of balance where that translates. That and server issues aside the game just lacks general polish. Animation is rough. Key-rebinding is nonexistent. Controls are floaty. Even the tutorial or lack of is simply a slideshow, a video at the very least would have been a preferable alternative.Considering this is a passion project for it's developer I have to severely question how much of a passion there even was. In it's current state it's simply abysmal. Perhaps over time it'll improve but for how little you get in content for the price, and how rough the whole package is. I can't recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,438740,32027290,Posted: 28 May,all,The Grum,"Way too many issues to call this a complete game. Put this into Early Access and then it might be worth recommending.Until then, stay away especially for the $40 price tag."
,Not Recommended,438740,32600859,Posted: 20 June,all,PatrickDZx,Not worth the money it costs.
76561198312322192,Not Recommended,438740,32029516,Posted: 28 May,all,Prince,Jason needs to be nerfed because he can kill you easily without any skill by grabing and using grab kills. What's the point in having a break free bar if you have no time to try please buff surivors or nerf killer. Surivors can only eascape if they fin parts or phones in under 5 minutes so please fix jason.
76561198258769676,Not Recommended,438740,35230160,Posted: 26 September,all,DerpSlayer03,"I really like this game, although right now a lot of people are mad because of glitches and bugs, I still like it. I still enjoy the game and want the developers to fix these annoying bugs. As of right now I wouldn't recomend anyone getting this game. A lot of the time it becomes unplayable. I'm glad I bought it because when it works its really fun, but the high amount of bugs makes it annoying. Also I really want Savini Jason. You can always make him a DLC as you could always use more money lol. But srsly fix the bugs and give me savini jason."
76561198144316543,Recommended,438740,34736876,Posted: 4 September,all,ToppingRumble7,"With 200+ hrs in game, I'm going to write this review:As of now, it is a good game, with several bugs/glitches. If you're ok with playing a game that is still kind of broken, then I'd recommend this game. If you don't like a sort of broken game, then I would not recommend this game until more patches come out.Also, as of now, I do not believe the game is worth $39.99, with only a glitchy multiplayer. It could be worth more, if the game had more, and was more stable."
76561198078510610,Not Recommended,438740,32013841,Posted: 28 May,all,Noris_P_Keita,"Right now Cannot play this game....because  Database login failure.People around me can play but I cannnot.Developer is saying working on this issue, although Im sad and disappointed.Cos I cannot play with my friend...they are enjoying, beside im just waiting.Right now I cannnot recommend this game until fix this problem, better to wait paying 40doller."
,Not Recommended,438740,32106257,Posted: 1 June,all,Chairman Kaga,"Summary - Wait for a 50% discount or greater.Pros:The game honestly is funA lot of the jank is entertaining.  The bugs I've seen have often been hilarious.Once you learn to play it is very reasonable to survive, at least against random players.  Private matches with friends a good Jason will probably slaughter.Cons:The price point is not justified.  It's a 20 dollar game that costs 40 bucks.The servers are insanely unstableThe matchmaking/non gameplay bugs are really bad.  You'll lose perks at random, get reset to level 0, have the app freeze or crash in menusThere is a unique character, not skin but character, backers get that will never be sold again.  It's not significantly more powerful than some of the free options but it is slightly more powerful.  This doesn't break the game, but it's annoying for completionists and exclusive combinations of mechanics are a really anti consumer business practice."
76561198106236584,Not Recommended,438740,31979491,Posted: 26 May,all,sbally30,"£30 for a game that wont start, What a joke (Refund Time)"
,Recommended,438740,32005953,Posted: 27 May,all,Killer Kumstar,"Just amazing, i love everything about this game and it's worth 40 dollars, if you don't like DBD you will definitely like this!"
,Recommended,438740,32185506,Posted: 4 June,all,Bam,Fun
,Recommended,438740,31975080,Posted: 26 May,all,Ol' Unreliable,This game is very fun and have much potential but five games in a row another teammate getting chased by Jason runs directly towards me hopefully they can add more creative ways to escape and stop possible trolls- We should definitely be able to lock windows- We need more items on the map atleast 3 of eachI never watched Friday the 13th but do Jason really jog like that? (I always thought it was more of a power walk)
,Recommended,438740,32014588,Posted: 28 May,all,Method,"This game keeps getting compared to Dead by Daylight, even tho the gameplay its nothing like it.I play them both, and they both scratch a different itch. Friday the 13th is slower paced, and has much different gameplay mechanics and multiple ways to win. There's no ranked matchmaking or anything, this is played just for fun, and your only unlocks (other than exp for your profile) are an ingame currency you can spend to buy clothes and perks for consuelors and kills for Jason. Even though it has some minor bugs to iron out, and some gameplay balancing to be done, the game is solid and, most importantly, extremely fun and immmersive. Even if you die horribly as a consuelor, you still have a lot of fun. Graphic wise its nothing groundbreaking, but the game has some crisps and clear visuals, which i personally like. Sounds and music are simply amazing, with original ost and new original music tracks alike, it always manages to get your blood pumping. I highly recommend it to fans of the movies, others may still like its gameplay, but it would lose a lot of its charm."
76561198006715661,Recommended,438740,32000495,Posted: 27 May,all,Cromium,"Let's make this quick!Yes this game has its share of small bugs (not gamebreaking ones),Balancing isnt excactly top notch, and yes it had some server instability's at launch.But all that doesnt take away that this game is extremely fun, especialy if your playing with friends!the communety hasent been excactly toxic either, i would have excpected far worse so i supose thats a plus aswell concidering its a teamgame.Highly recomend this game, and if you have friends to play with, its a must buy!"
,Recommended,438740,33654626,Posted: 19 July,all,player112233,"Very fun to play. Especially with friends. There are a few kids who ruin the game by TKing and helping Jason, but the report feature will be coming soon. Love it!"
76561198169182290,Recommended,438740,33661828,Posted: 19 July,all,Arkaruth,I recommend this to everyone!Amazing!
,Not Recommended,438740,32078213,Posted: 30 May,all,A Slightly Disappointing Salad,"Fun game but for right now I got to give it a thumbs down. My game is glitched so that I can never be Jason no matter how much I play and the bloody achievements don't even work properly. There is only one game mode which can get very boring after a while and Jason is way to overpowered.Once this game gets out of the state that it's in and maybe even lowers in price, I will give it a thumbs up when it comes to that.Wait for a sale or buy it if you really want to ♥♥♥♥ your wallet in the♥♥♥♥♥I will probably still play this game though since it can be really funny the way it is layed out and pretty cool battling Jason."
,Recommended,438740,32006843,Posted: 27 May,all,CBF,"Finding this to be a lot of fun. Obsessed Jason Fan and Girlfriend had to have it. I thought it would be similar to Dead by Daylight and it kinda of is.... but the stuff I hated about that game, I'm enjoying with this setting and altered gameplay. Yes, hard to get away from Jason once he gets his eyes on you, but the Combat Stance improves your odds. Being Jason is just pure adrenaline as you try to crush all those in front of you.Would recommend... yea, launch probs and bugs, but very playable and fun!"
76561198049443736,Recommended,438740,32184659,Posted: 4 June,all,Swing Out Sister,"This is a classic tribute game! Thank you very much, the respected model worker Mr. Jason Jason Wohl J and their team:)"
76561198012751313,Not Recommended,438740,32184500,Posted: 4 June,all,New Mad Hatter,"I feel like despite the content and quality of this game, being online only means your experience is almost entirely based on the players around you. Game wise it seems they took careful attention to detail in terms of the universe, and the gameplay feels suitable to a Jason film. Unfortunately, 9/10t of the matches I join have players killing eachother, running around yelling racial slurs into the microphone, afk'ing, cheating, and any other bad element of online gaming you may imagine. There is a weird trend in which 3 times I have been Jason (of 7 total), all the counselors ask if I will ""afk"" so they can kill me, and when I don't everyone disconnects. While this game could potentially be fun, and even scary, the human element absolutely destroys the experience for me. Even the legendary Jason loses any luster or terror element when he starts randomly spinning in circles and yelling ""n*** n*** c**k"" into the mic, then abruptly disconnects.In terms of bugs and other reported mishaps, I don't encounter that too often. Though collission detection is god awful at times."
76561198077442991,Recommended,438740,31969638,Posted: 26 May,all,Kenshiro,Bad Optimization but FUN GAME.. Hope the Devs fix the Optimization though.. 8/10..
,Recommended,438740,31982459,Posted: 26 May,all,Tasha,"Goodbye DBD, i won't miss youChi chi chiAh Ah Ah"
76561198063756077,Recommended,438740,32028493,Posted: 28 May,all,Father O'Malley,Maybe a little overpriced but still a fun game. Would strongly recommend if you and your friends are bored.
76561198205418905,Not Recommended,438740,32027438,Posted: 28 May,all,Sphincty,Fun game but the game keeps crashing and havent leveled since i started playing.. games broken.
76561198181289417,Recommended,438740,31987910,Posted: 26 May,all,Gorgazor,"A bit repetitive, but a fun game. People are complaining about $39.99 price tag, but it could've been more. This game hinges on teamwork, so microphones are needed. Some matches will suck because no one is talking and/or co-operating, but there are plenty of great matches that come around. Those are worth waiting on. This is only a day old, guys. There will be more to come!"
76561198199393785,Recommended,438740,32001552,Posted: 27 May,all,SmolSoma,"I love this game its so good!it keeps adrenaline running and has perfect jumpscares!and ive seen a lot of bad reports saying ""Jason is to OP!"" hes suppost to kill everyone in this game. So insted of saying ""HES TO OP"" get better at the game ok.this game is worth it trust me people are just big babbies :)"
,Recommended,438740,32053816,Posted: 29 May,all,Thomas Clancy,Fun to play
,Recommended,438740,32060770,Posted: 30 May,all,male cow with udders,Still has many problems with the servers and glitches but still enjoyable.
76561198004461774,Recommended,438740,32001431,Posted: 27 May,all,Hibbeldy_HobbLE,"Game is great actually, despite the ""Hate train"" everyone seems to be hopping onto....I actually had to make a new account and ""family share"" to even get it to work...I was getting the ""Database game failiure"" thing as well....literally all day. I held off on posting an emotional rant, just because the launch wasn't going smoothly and now that I've actually been able to play it finally....I'm choosing to give the game a THUMBS UP!Why? Because the game is fun and hilarious.....I'm hoping they Iron these things out quick because the reviews are getting slaughtered...when it's actually a good game!I'm also hoping they continue to add more polish and content as well- it has lots of replay value to me anyway (being an F13 fan since I was a little kid) Great Nostalgia because the maps are very close to the movies themselves....7/10 BUT only because the launch was pretty bad- and they still have much work to do, but otherwise a really fun game"
76561198138273741,Recommended,438740,32001618,Posted: 27 May,all,After FX,its a good game...but there is some problem with this game.. and i hope the developer of this game make sure to make it right... they already say this is not a complete game yet..so here is the problem in the game....- the PING<< for asian player like me this thing is pain in the a.ssi dont know if everyone in asia have same problem with me specially for this part i got 220-250 ping when i play this game- there is some bug in this game that make you want to kill yourself. this is some bug that i see when i play this game1. sometime when your stamina empty for....forever... i mean when you run from jeson and your stamina is empty its notrecharge back2. when u manage to run the car... and all of u enter the car after the driver go the car flip... in a weird way....3. the jeson teleport... when u teleport in some place.. sometime jeson stuck in the ground...there is some of the bug that i dont mention but u get the point this game still buggyso the reasson why i recommend this game bcs this is a fun hide and seek game especally when you play with your friendthis is a team base game.. so i recommend u guys to talk in this game just inform your teamate all the time..and if you say the jeson is to OP.... i think his not that OP..so if you dont care with the problem i write up there.BUY THIS GAME.... its not a fullprice game...if you want to wait the game complete its up too u
76561197962076091,Not Recommended,438740,32979785,Posted: 29 June,all,FrenziedRoach,"unbalanced garbage that isn't worth 40 bucks right nowCome back after a few months and check again - this thing isn't ready yetwish I could get my money back.AND - these ♥♥♥♥ers are shady as hell.  Broken promises, broken game.  Don't believe the hype.  Don't waste your money.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p3mI0Ic8n-Mhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ziWIR67X--M"
76561198063890397,Not Recommended,438740,32620379,Posted: 21 June,all,Blu3_Puls3,"If you like killers using a Mori against you in Dead By Daylight, then you will like this game.10/10 You're Suppose to Die/Jason is Suppose to be OP."
,Recommended,438740,34688111,Posted: 2 September,all,Deus ex machina,"Friday The 13th is a great survival game with fun gameplay. Gameplay is simple: As Jason you are powerful as ♥♥♥♥ and you need to use your powers and some strategy to kill them all, as a counselor you hide and run for your life and the best part is to get the thrill out of for surviving and juking Jason, even if you die in the end and you will die a lot!Unfortunately there is lot of false information out there and most of it isn't true, so judge the game by playing it and decide youself. Friday The 13th: The Game is best one from this genre and it's growing even bigger. Developers have delivered what they have promised and they even added a lot of free extra stuff and more is coming. Thanks IllFonic and Gun Media!"
76561198396756977,Recommended,438740,34886553,Posted: 11 September,all,ran ha dakran,nice play
76561198070164751,Recommended,438740,33322886,Posted: 6 July,all,Miksi XIII,"This game is great for remembering the good old Friday 13th movies , and if am talking from bug side , idc about itI know the game is still in development and alot of things should be added/fixThey should add in future new gamemode into the game : Jason vs. Freddy (same principe as original gamemode , but there is 2 killers and more counselors upto 9-12 , killers are hunting them and can go against each other , but difficult for eachother to kill the second one)Agree with this idea if you think it's great for future (sorry for my english)"
76561198004436959,Not Recommended,438740,34584248,Posted: 29 August,all,just a bad guy,"I am beyond disappointed at the poor content the devs have chosen to put out. For the first few months that this game has been out, in its poor and broken form, friends have enjoyed a load of time playing as both counselor and Jason. After the new update the devs have chosen to give trollers and glitchers endless amounts of methods of completely DESTROYING an already broken game. Removing teamkilling has allowed kids(they're kids cause we hear them raging over mic) to body block, steal keys and hide them, and loads of other methods of ruining game fun cause they can no longer be weeded out by the players by teamkilling. They've messed up the fun it was playing as Jason as well. A window animation? Come on. I can only recommend people either pick up DEAD BY DAYLIGHT, or invest in it and play a game where the devs CARE about what the community has to say. I am beyond disappointed. Such a promising concept, buried by lazy devs that took the money and ran"
,Recommended,438740,34726121,Posted: 3 September,all,EFFECT,"This game is fun with friends and good lobbies. Any other time I play it is with people who run me over or are exploiting the bugs.On that topic the bugs are numerous.A quick list of bugs:1.On one of the maps the phone is bugged to where you cant call the police.2.Jason grabs outside of his range (this could be a connection issue but it should be adressed).3.While Jason is rising he can use his shift ability to quickly glitch out of it.4.If Jason grabs a counselor after they throw a firecracker he doesnt get stunned.5. Jason can be constantly stunned by a group of people with machetes which leads to his mask falling off in about 2 hits.There are many more.Some things I like about this game:If you have friends, this game is so fun.Once you are good at the game it is fun.Some people are fun to play with and you make many great friends.The feeling of surviving the game or killing an entire lobby is amazing.MOST IMPORTANTLY:The devs seem to be active enough to be constantly updating the game and improving it which is a big step in the right direction for Indie Devs.TL;DRThere are numerous bugs, but if you have some friends and are willing to drop a fat dollar on this game, go ahead.p.s. WHERE IS MY BIKINI DLC?WE GOT THE DLC AND THE GAME IS A 10/10.NO DISPUTING THIS FACT.CHADS CHEETAH PRINT SPEEDO MAKES UP FOR THE BUGS."
76561198014153607,Not Recommended,438740,35164155,Posted: 23 September,all,The Deadlights,"ugh i really wish i could like this game. ive been a huge fan of the friday the 13th series and this game does a great job staying true to it. The game has so much amazing potentional but is drowned by the depressing amount of bugs and the garbage community.Its ironic. Jason dies in crystal lake because counselors werent paying attention and now this game is dying because the devs arent paying attention.Maybe in 6 months or a year if the absurd amount issues get resolved, i can have fun playing this again. But for now, i can put in this review, with confidence, this game is not worth $40."
76561198292049808,Not Recommended,438740,32415361,Posted: 14 June,all,BIGWAR65,IT IS NOT THAT GOOD
,Not Recommended,438740,31967770,Posted: 26 May,all,Brosama the Llama,"Awful canned animations, absurd control schemes (e to open doors, hold e to barricade it? Sure, let's add a half second buffer on a key that may be used in urgency instead of just using a second key for different actions), lacking graphics, limited gameplay mechanics and a poor atmosphere that is neither tense or entertaining.All of this would be bad enough for it's price point, but the game is also a glitchy mess. Characters moving without the walk animation, flying above the ground, walking through objects and walls. Even the lobby menu was over a camera that was stuck half way in the ground - come on.At best, this should have been in Early Access at a massive discount."
,Not Recommended,438740,32376557,Posted: 12 June,all,[gbx]twesterm,"I really wanted to like this game but ultimately it's just dull.  It tries to be Friday the 13th but comes off as Bloody Murder.Every game I played turned out about like this:* Wander aimlessly fighting the games bad controls going in and out of doors and accidentally opening and closing windows* Jason finds you, run.** Continue wandering after getting away** or Jason kills you.* Wait for the remainder of the 20 minute match time to get your experience.The game had its moments, but those moments were split up way too often of boring wandering the same environment looking for things you're probably not going to find and waiting for the match to end so you can get your experience.Stay away."
,Not Recommended,438740,32352134,Posted: 11 June,all,๖ۣۜInnocent bear dont die,ONE HUGE FLAW PLAYERS CAN BLACK ONE DOOR CABIN WITH CAR! FIX IT
,Recommended,438740,32213645,Posted: 5 June,all,Plebenant,Really fun game! Even better with friends.(Would be nice if there are Asia servers though)
,Recommended,438740,31988809,Posted: 26 May,all,Cynic,I'm really happy I bought this game. Honestly I wish i backed it. There were a few hiccups on launch but it was resolved the same day. This is the game that Dead By Daylight strives to be. It's so much fun and everyone is very talkative. Can't wait until singleplayer.
,Recommended,438740,31998812,Posted: 27 May,all,Regakiller,Really great game :3
,Recommended,438740,32014388,Posted: 28 May,all,Snippets,"Been playing the game for quite some time now.I also played during the closed BETA of the game.So far, I've really enjoyed playing it.It's MUCH more fun if you play with people who have mics or with your friends (if you have some)The Game is a really good hide and seek game based on the F13 films - and the creator really gave a LOT love to it while designing the game.Below I just list some pros and cons for your buy decision - based on what I've experienced so farPROS:+ GREAT atmosphere (includes art, style, music,...)+ different ways to survive (as counselor); not only one. You either stay alive for 20 minutes, fix the car, fix a boat, or call the police and escape with them.+ ingame VC has great quality+ 10 different characters to choose from ; 6 different Jasons+ perk system (would love to see more things like that being added to the game)+ no dlcs (so far)+ very active devs (following their twitter)CONS:- glitches (mostly won't affect gameplay)- Jasons grab range- achievements broken (some work, some don't)- price- only one game modePersonally this game is really fun and I've been waiting for this game. I really love slasher movies and this game is kind of a dream came true. I know a lot of people are already giving the game negative reviews after 2 days. Serves are almost fixed, please ignore reviews saying ""game doesn't work"" - it's not true (anymore).8,5/10"
76561198048303735,Not Recommended,438740,32024301,Posted: 28 May,all,Antiettan,Im not getting any level.
,Recommended,438740,32011472,Posted: 27 May,all,Redwings3478,This game is amazing everything about it is really good!!!
,Recommended,438740,32063804,Posted: 30 May,all,Kaleidoscope,People hating on this game because it had a bad opening days. It's still a fun game to play with friends once that stuff gets fixed.
76561198242990274,Not Recommended,438740,31982727,Posted: 26 May,all,ALTERNATE| Ice★ eVS CSC #s4p,"Nice, I paid 36 Euros for a message which says that i don't have MSCV140.dll or whatever and I should reinstall the game (but that doesn't work too) -.-Geile Abzocke bg screw it"
76561198000890558,Not Recommended,438740,31972902,Posted: 26 May,all,CRiM,"Sonic the hedgehod is scarier than this game... It's Amusing but not worth the steap price tag. So dissapointed in all the thing that coul have been done with such a versitle and amusing IP.  $43 canadian dollars is too much for this, pick it up onsale and play with frinds for a night modders could have probbaly made something just as good if not better.Pros-Fun game to play with friends-interesting concepts pulled off mostly wellCons-not first person-3 maps that all look exactly the same-buggy and broken features, cant change perks game crashes-broken-not scary-poor design implementation."
,Recommended,438740,32235416,Posted: 7 June,all,Darklord-666,"Could be better with a ""play as killer"" option but still golden game"
76561197967031497,Not Recommended,438740,32046402,Posted: 29 May,all,Darkveg,"This game is a clunky, poorly designed mess of a game not even close to worth 40$. Personal feelings aside, I only play it now because my friends and I put the 40$ down to play itv. Be prepared though, IF you can accumilate exprerience to get the next unlock, it will most likely bug you back to level 0 where you gain no points for unlocks and no experience to play different conselors or Jasons. Which in itself kills the replayability. Not to mention the 10-20 minutes you would need to wait just to get your points. Which again, might not even happen correctly. EVEN IF THIS GAME WORKED AS INTENDED. (which it doesn't) I don't recommend this game if it stays as is. There are a ton of quality of life upgrades this game would need to go through before I would recommend it."
,Not Recommended,438740,32046658,Posted: 29 May,all,Leo,"Everybody had over 150 ping all game, the FOV is disgusting and you can't change it, the controlls are clunky and it plays like it's in early alpha. The first game I ever played, I was the last guy I was floating in mid air stuck in a falling animation. Jason couldn't reach me but after like 4-5 mins I just droped dead. I can't tell you what to do with your money, if you wanna buy it, buy it but im 90% sure you will regret it."
,Not Recommended,438740,32141391,Posted: 2 June,all,paulstothewall,"I will start out with saying that the game is fun like really fun. I love playing it...... but i can not recomend the game because of the devs company. So here is mine and almost the entire communitys problem. To reward there backers they gave them a exclusive item that will never be sold agian to any one else either cause u didnt know about the exclusive or u just ddint want to trust a indie company. shocker some ppl have trust issues with a company who hasnt proven it self right. the nerve of ppl. ohh srry let me pull in my snarkyness but this rlly bothers me. Its fine and pretty cool that they did this for there backers but thats not the problem. What they gave there backers that is the problem. There backers got a hole other jason to play in the base game there is only 8 jasons with diffrent pros and cons unless you are a backer then you get another jason that has his own set of unique pros and cons. Even though it is not purley cosmetic sense the savinni jason has his ons pros and cons the devs still in sist on calling it a skin. The pros of this jason are really good they are infact way better than all the other jasons pros. His cons however are pretty useless in game. His pros are increased weapon dmg, increased destruction (doors and walls break faster), and increased shift. His cons are useless they do not off set his pros. he cant jog (sounds bad right it is still pretty easy to catch ppl), swims slower, and lower grip strength. All of his pros make a big diffrence in game especially his increased destruction and shift. most of your jason games you wil never touch the water. Most of the time when you grab some one you can just kill them instantly. You can also just chesse an entire game by just left clicking to win sense you do more dmg. THe devs have given the backers a unfair advantage and refuse to either make this jasons stats the same as another jason so he does just become a skin like they say he is or just offer him as dlc for every one else. instead we are told ♥♥♥♥ you srry you missed out. So before you buy like i did know that the devs gun media would rather tell you to ♥♥♥♥ your selfs than to fix the problems that they created."
76561198259825916,Not Recommended,438740,33330589,Posted: 6 July,all,Vegas88387,"The Ping Sucks, This Game Is Lagg king, jason to op ,the counselors have unique ability's but in the end doesn't matter, most stats for counselors are useless because jason can instant kill, really in the water, last but not least random player killers, also mic trolling,"
,Recommended,438740,32016649,Posted: 28 May,all,Slobusu,"Even though it has server issues, this game is awesome"
76561198139402279,Not Recommended,438740,32039226,Posted: 29 May,all,DaringBoot,"I am enjoying the time I've spent with this game so far, but there isn't enough content currently to justify a $40 price tag. I hope they update the game with more content and game modes. I heard some rumors of a single player mode. If this game recieves more content I will be more than happy to recommend it.As for the server issues and things like that, I have not had any issues (I'm in the US with 60mbps internet speed)."
76561198328627722,Recommended,438740,32379147,Posted: 12 June,all,Jade ღ,<3
,Recommended,438740,33018460,Posted: 29 June,all,Napoleon,good
,Not Recommended,438740,31993862,Posted: 27 May,all,いずみ さぎり,"Pros:-the game is fun and it is based on the movie.-good BGM.-Jason has multiple skills and counselors have many items to use.cons:-expensive-bad server,ping around 300plus,slow matchmaking-not actually a horror game!advise:-if u already have the game or like the game,find a party to play together/-if u dont,then leave it <3"
76561198002815649,Not Recommended,438740,32733913,Posted: 24 June,all,Tiresomejunk,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME AT $40!  I have played enough to make a honest review. The hit detection when fighting with Jason is very flawed. If your not squared up to hit Jason you go through the wasted animation and Jason is not affected at all. The developers try to woo... buyers and backers with some free content but it's not enough. They need to fix their game! The host servers are not up to par and not even divided by region of the world which makes it worse especially communication. There is no penalty to drop during a game and small penalty for a team kill. No single player exist just multiplayer. Animation from trying to open a door or closing it is pretty bad and will do the wrong action if you press the button too quickly. Most of all ""JASON DOESN'T TALK!"" people who are picked to play Jason talk ""Are you serious?"". There is no ingame text chat during the game which would help with people who doesn't have mics. Unless the developers makes some changes especially the fighting mechanics of the conselors this game is a thumbs down. It has potential but development should have been longer and not shoved through like Street Fighter V."
76561198073942850,Recommended,438740,32116386,Posted: 1 June,all,Flux,People shout at me for owning skins and I love it. 10/10 would by limited edition skins again.
,Not Recommended,438740,31990560,Posted: 27 May,all,A,"For $40 you are getting -$20 dollars worth of content. I have to agree with many others on the matter that the devs should have focused more on game content with their funds than porting to PS4/Xbox before launch. If you have any excitement to play as Jason, you better be prepared to wait somewhere in about 7 games to be able to play as him, it's chosen at random which is understable but does offer a lacking experince. The overall experince if simply lacking and found better gameplay in cheaper indie games.Wait for a price drop."
,Not Recommended,438740,32026857,Posted: 28 May,all,Epic Wasabi,"At the current moment (2 days after release) this game is literally UNPLAYABLE to due server issues. I would not reccomend this game to anyone UNTIL these issues are resolved or you'll just suffer dissapointment in a screen of Jason Vorhees with Big Bold letters saying ""UNABLE TO LOGIN""..."
,Recommended,438740,32240320,Posted: 7 June,all,Appelflap64,"Fell through the map, Still won the game. GG lads!"
,Recommended,438740,33647892,Posted: 19 July,all,AranxCryptn,"the game is easy to play but this game it so many ♥♥♥♥ing glitch and still to expensive , please fix it !!!"
,Not Recommended,438740,32072934,Posted: 30 May,all,Der Gobbles | Fabo,"I played like 30 rounds.First I would like to say the good things. Then the not so good things.+ I really like the voice-chat feature.+ The graphics are very good for a game like this.+ I really like the themeing, because I watched all the Friday movies+ Big map with 8 players- First bad thing I don't like is that Killer-choose-system... I was NEVER the Killer! Never in that 30 rounds.- Second thing, that it's almost impossible to escape from the Killer if he sees you one time... Stamina is empty in seconds. And if your lucky and have one item to stunn him, your able to walk 10 meters and he grabs you again.- Third thing is, that its too expensive for this much content... I would pay 20€-25€... Not 37€....The game is based on luck. If he don't finds you, your free. But if you will be seen one time... YOUR DEAD.Besides all that I would recommend it, BUT the price is to high, so I will not recommend it for this price."
76561198095439454,Not Recommended,438740,33660667,Posted: 19 July,all,WTGRemixed,My game won't launch totally worth 40 Dollars
,Recommended,438740,31976332,Posted: 26 May,all,J.Mclaw,Amazing Game..I love it....happy with my purchase:)
,Not Recommended,438740,32627525,Posted: 21 June,all,AIMBOTTER3000x£60nOsCope,"As of right now I believe that people should not buy this game. Not necessarily because it's a bad game or anything, don't get me wrong, it's a good game, however I believe it lacks a lot of content and has a unbelieveable amount of bugs. I also believe that a game with this much content and bugs as of right now (yes I know they are adding a singleplayer etc... but I'm writing this as of now!) should not be priced at £30. The game certainly is fun for those who are fans of the Friday the 13th movies me being one myself, but eventually even those people will end up finding this boring and leaving it in the dirt. Some of the bugs in this game are also very frustrating to deal with and the over powered slashing Jason that nobody can seem to counter when in a 1v1, There should be more of a incentive to grab rather than slash as it's almost impossible to hit Jason as when he swings it just cancels you out of your animation. I also believe that there should be a easier way to disable Jasons traps rather than using pocket knives as they are extremely rare, and nobody wants to give their pocket knives up. All in all the game needs improvements as so does every game, but this game is in a ""playable"" state not a ""complete"" state and definitely shouldn't be getting sold at this point in time, especially since they have the guts to price it at £30 which I still find ridiculous."
,Recommended,438740,32193823,Posted: 5 June,all,Cassain,Fun game
76561197995247349,Recommended,438740,31993230,Posted: 27 May,all,Vomkrieg,"While the launch has been pretty bad, with a lot of server issues generating a lot of anger, the game itself is pretty damned good.Atmospheric, true to the source material, and i've enjoyed every round i've played immensely."
,Recommended,438740,32045345,Posted: 29 May,all,zAc,Oyun çok kapsamlı ve değişik açıkcası katile karşılık verebilmek çok tatmin edici bir his  tam umudun bittiği anda kendi umudunu  kendin yaratabildiğin güzel bir oyun.Oyun güzel olduğu kadarda düzeltilmesi gerekenler her türlü oyunda olduğu bu oyundada var tabiki ama eminimki ilerde oyun dahada güzel olacak.
,Recommended,438740,32047239,Posted: 29 May,all,Baron,"I've been following this game even before it got the rights to the Friday the 13th Franchise. Back then the game was known as summer camp. As 2 years went by I eagery waited the release of this game, and here we are now.So, is it worth it? If you're a fan of the movies and watched all of them like I have, then this game is an instant purchase, it was made by Friday the 13th fans, for riday the 13th fans. However if you haven't and it looks interesting and you'd like to try it, then buy it an play a match and see if it's for you.The longetivity of this game is questionable but I feel like so far that the $40 price tag was worth it, the best experiences you'll get is in a match with people using their mics, joking around and trying to co-operate to escape."
76561198273043523,Recommended,438740,34427694,Posted: 22 August,all,DiduNasty850,"I do recommend this game for many reasons and although this game has it's downs it's not bad if you know how to deal with the downs. This game teaches you how to survive and communicate as a team with the other players. Playing as Jason is fun too, being an unstoppable force of nature makes someone like me feel good that I'm responsible for the match let alone dealing with people who leave during a kill animation. I'm a big fan of the genre and the character, knowing this game was made is unique, different from your everyday first person shooter. It's features, mechanics and other etcs make this game fun and gives you something to do in your spare time. Above all else this game teaches you how to be patient and not be a sore loser, rage quitter or anything else similar, it definitly taught me to not stress over the little things like a player escaping or four escaping not even betrayers and helped me learn how to respond positivly not negativly.I highly recommend this game though I will suggest to be aware of those who quit in the middle of the match whether their Jason or a Counseler, this game is full of potential even though some of the comments before me(and after) might be ""not recommended"" those who say that are most likely the rage quitters/sore losers.This game is loads of fun whether your playing with friends or with complete strangers, I assure you your in for a real treat ^-^"
,Recommended,438740,32109861,Posted: 1 June,all,$wagCat,"I love this Game! The Atmosphere of this game is so amazing and i like to troll Jason , but the only problem i have with this game is that you have to pay 40$ but it's fine for me because i'm a really big Fan of the Friday the 13th Movies so it was a must for me to buy it, i can recommend it if you are a really big fan of Horror games or of really brutal games."
,Recommended,438740,34688329,Posted: 2 September,all,SaltyDone,"i recommend this game and i kindve dont there is bugs in this game are kindve weird like i was driving a car and it flip over and we couldent do nothing about it i heard about fps drops but i had some but not alot, game is fun when you have friends to play with or you get along with your team alot"
,Recommended,438740,34488190,Posted: 25 August,all,Tiger Weeds,Random squeaker with cancerous mic chased me for 20 minutes.10/10
,Recommended,438740,34664682,Posted: 1 September,all,Rupro,"This game is fun not scary but it's a bit frustrating, no lie !It's fun to play as Jason or counselor, every started should start as Jason, to get the controls and more !"
76561198412231828,Recommended,438740,34875886,Posted: 10 September,all,Jordan,"I like this game, but it lags a lot. I also think it should have more maps and less glitches."
76561198200807687,Recommended,438740,34910998,Posted: 12 September,all,Immortal Shockwave,this is a very fun and addictive game espesially with freinds and while it may be over priced now there adding more and more to it so if you put the bugs to the side fortwo seconds i would give it a 10 out of ten but at its current state i would give it a 8 put i still suggest it alot
76561198376529400,Recommended,438740,33322632,Posted: 6 July,all,Salty,"It's a great game but... The way you level up with XP, is SOOOOOOOO slow, GunMedia can you do another DOUBLE XP weekend soon please? Thank you.Warmly- Salty"
,Recommended,438740,34910633,Posted: 12 September,all,etdrwho,GG no re jason...
76561198111484732,Recommended,438740,34925333,Posted: 13 September,all,John Deere,"Tekerj le magyar verzióért! - Scroll down for hungarian version!First of all: sorry for my bad english. :(Yes, another assimmetric multiplayer game, that I love, just like Evolve was. Of course, there are differences, but be honest: If you searching for reviews, it means, you're interested in this game. :DThe levels (Crystal lake, P. Lodge, Higgins Heaven) are 95% similar seen in the early F13th films. I viewed the episodes again, and yes, we have a game, what have been created with deadly precision for F13th fans from F13th fans.Matchmaking is very good, never waited for connecting more than 10 seconds and the player base is crowded too, so you will never be alone. Control is easy and well learnable, okay, escaping from Jason is not easy (like in the films) and yes, you will need a lot of luck a lot of times when you play with counselors. :)If you love (like) the theme, especially Jason, and not feared from multiplayer games, I suggest you this game, try out even with a friend or two. In 2 hours, you can play 4-6 matches and you can experience well the game, and hopefully, will love it.Igen, ujabb asszimetrikus játék, amit szeretek, mint amilyen az Evolve is volt. Persze, vannak külőnbségek, de őszintén: ha értékeléseket keresel, az már azt jelenti, hogy érdekel a játék. :DA pályák (Kristály tó, Packanack Lodge, stb.) 95% azonos mint a filmbéli helyszinek. Megnéztem újra az epizódokat és igen, egy olyan játékunk van, amit halálos precizitással teremtettek meg rajongóknak, rajongóktól.A meccskeresés nagyon jó, szerintem sosem vártam csatlakozásra többet kb. 10 másodpercnél, és a játékosbázis is elég nagy, szóval egyedül nem leszel egyhamar, az tuti. Az irányitás kőnnyü és jól tanulható, jó, nyilván Jasontól elmenülni nem lesz könnyü (de a filmben se volt az) és igen, sokszor sok szerencsére lesz szükséged ha a counselor-okkal játszol.Ha szereted a témát, pláne Jasont és nem félsz a multiplayer játékoktól, ajánlom, próbáld ki, pláne 1-2 barátoddal. 2 órán belül lejátszhatsz legalább 4-6 meccset, amiből megismerheted a játékot elég jól, és remélhetőleg, meg is szereted."
76561198187047217,Not Recommended,438740,35172503,Posted: 23 September,all,Panda☆Kill,"U CAN PLAY IN CHINA ,AND 1 HOURS 1 MATCH. GAME BUGS , SB GAME"
,Recommended,438740,33173236,Posted: 3 July,all,Dog,~Ki ki ki ma ma ma~ :D
76561198054885424,Not Recommended,438740,32020028,Posted: 28 May,all,The Joker,"So many bugs in what is a fun game when it works. I can't reccomend at full price. Twice now everytime I get Jason, I get booted to the main menu, with some error talking about I'm offline with Steam, which is just false, nothing wrong with my internet and I'm using a wired connection."
,Not Recommended,438740,32025540,Posted: 28 May,all,Ganon702,"blah, only good if youre drunk with friends. Public servers horrible, all chat just a bad idea , limited mobility in Counsler movement, Jason, a little op but it is to be suspected. i really didnt enjoy it. A lot of bugs to be worked out. At one point my skills and credits were erased then reappeared two days later. Over all, maybe nextime, in a patch or two."
,Recommended,438740,32592811,Posted: 20 June,all,RyaDx,"Best game ever , it is a horror movie this game ,  10/10"
,Recommended,438740,31985361,Posted: 26 May,all,undefined,"Great game, love using a voice modifier as jason and crush all survivors to death :D, Jason might be a little bit OP but thats the point of the game i think, price may be a little too high but if you have money just dont hesitate to get it :D"
76561198209407225,Recommended,438740,32151595,Posted: 3 June,all,PR0LIFIK,"Initially I thought this game was trash.  I unfairly compared this game to DbD and that was a mistake on my part.  Two very different games.  The killers in DbD are scary and nerve wracking to noobs but you quickly learn that they are not really a threat.  Jason however is an immense threat.  There is no one to save you and he is indeed OP af but I think that adds to the stress level of the game.  I literally died every game for the first couple hrs until I learn what works and what doesn't.  You absolutely cannot play this game like you might DbD.  It has a steep learning curve and many of the perks are not super helpful.After learning the ropes through trial and error, I now can escape more often than not, and if I don't, it's likely my own damn fault or a crap spawn and there is nothing you can do about that.  Dying isn't the end of the world in this game either.  You have the chance to come back in the match as Tommy once he's called and tbh, some of the best moments of hysterical laughter comes from spectating other survivors after you have died.  Not to mention you earn quite a bit of xp just sticking it out.  I am far more stealthy in my approach now just having watched other survivors while dead.I highly recommend this game.  Yes its a bit buggy and the launch was a fiasco but it doesn't change the fact that this game is quite fun and will tide me over for the summer until some fall bangers come out.  Here's looking at you Destiny 2 ;)"
76561198210280843,Recommended,438740,32061246,Posted: 30 May,all,[NMA]basicallyimapornproducer,fix your ♥♥♥♥ing game but its stil fun
76561198119698593,Recommended,438740,32001506,Posted: 27 May,all,Trueno-Chan,"All these people who say the game is trash havent even played it for more than 2 hours. It has fantastic atmosphere, great music to make the game feel even more stressful, great character models and Jason kills and much more. If youre going into this game thinking that youre gonna escape you wont, Jason will win or at least 1 maybe 2 people will survive. Great game dont let the people who get easily butthurt turn you off $40 bucks is alright not terrible games has tons of potential."
,Recommended,438740,32037535,Posted: 29 May,all,WildHareϟ󠀡,Ki Ki Ki Ma Ma Ma
,Recommended,438740,32795967,Posted: 25 June,all,⸇ᴴᴱ HUИTΞƦ,Kill for mother.
,Recommended,438740,32402639,Posted: 13 June,all,sc00bie pern,Lots of bugs and you get matched with people across the world that don't speak your language. But if you do get a chance to meet some english speakers and get a group together its an awesome game to laugh at with friends and have the killer rage out of the game because you are all teaming up on them.7/10. They're still fixing the bugs so I'm sure it will only go up from here.
,Recommended,438740,31986114,Posted: 26 May,all,VictorIV,"Jason is extremely OP, playing as him at work and I kill 7/8, and I alsmot killed the eight one but time was over. Very unbalance game. 10/10 would play as jason at work again"
,Recommended,438740,32207442,Posted: 5 June,all,Sharon Cox,"We need to fix them bugs, add more maps and increase variety. YThank you for this beautiful, gorgeous and extremely fun masterpiece!100/10"
,Recommended,438740,32164290,Posted: 3 June,all,MEME MASTER MATT,So much fun
,Recommended,438740,32532428,Posted: 18 June,all,Kakashi Hatake,"Hmmmm........ love it to kill this little nasty teens and just watching them try to escape, but in the last moment of their lifes they hear something........HERE IS JASON HAHA!So i would give 8 from 10 killed teens to the game.Buy it, its worth it."
76561197972868695,Not Recommended,438740,32330712,Posted: 10 June,all,FanciestUnicorn,The idea here is solid and fun.  The multiplayer aspect is totally jacked and unless a dev makes some change to curb the leavers this game has no staying power.  Be prepared to learn another language since you will be lumped in with people across the world for a 200MS kill fest.1) People leave because they don't get Jason leaving half the number of players at the start.2) If you do find a good group your are forced to leave.  This is a problem.
76561198199784245,Not Recommended,438740,32415028,Posted: 14 June,all,Mr.andersson,"Very bad. You never get to be Jason and you have to play as the boring♥♥♥♥♥♥♥instead, there are no maps or interesting modes and they say they will add story mode but I dont care.What happens if Marmaduke was a cat.0 POINTS"
,Not Recommended,438740,31977293,Posted: 26 May,all,mayatsan,WTF??? DATABASE LOGIN FAILURE? POOR MATCHMAKING...
,Not Recommended,438740,31980881,Posted: 26 May,all,Whatalovelydaytogame,cannot connect to game. itss SAAD!!! please. let me play
76561198024612015,Not Recommended,438740,31981671,Posted: 26 May,all,Dawnas,kids play hide and seek and cant start
,Recommended,438740,32078425,Posted: 30 May,all,RustyTruck,"I purchased this game on May 30th, and I am having no troubles. I have not expierenced any glitches at all while playing (yet) and the game has been running very smoothly. For me, the maximum search time for a game is about 25 or 20 seconds. Recommend 100%. So fun!"
76561198051264173,Not Recommended,438740,32010464,Posted: 27 May,all,Zephry,"I wouldn't complain about servers if perhaps this game didn't cost £30, I would be fine if the problems like the servers being complete garbage or game breaking glitches if this game was half the price or even if it was early accses, unfortunately its not £15 nor is it early accses, I would love to get a refund but unfortunately I spent too much time trying to play a game as jason [I did get like 2 games as jason and about 20 games as an idiot] so I cant get what money i wasted on this game back so do your self a favour and dont get this game, just dont, get dead by daylight or something like that ya know, a game thats been a bit more fleshed out than this ripoff"
76561198069250881,Recommended,438740,32011209,Posted: 27 May,all,Lorde Onion,it isn't dead by daylight
76561198202287944,Not Recommended,438740,32011505,Posted: 27 May,all,CustomGrow420,keep getting errors wont let me start up the actual game
,Not Recommended,438740,32020372,Posted: 28 May,all,Spurr,"Clunky, unfinished game with no legs past a few fun games in private parties. Worth maybe $10 not $40"
76561198119505338,Not Recommended,438740,32455368,Posted: 15 June,all,TMB,"Yea there is no way this game is good in anyway. It is a terrible mess that has pulled my leg with promise but all I get is salty  people 24/7 and dumb game mechanics.Things wrong with the game-Combat is terrible-Jason can insta kill you with no fuss (Just spam 1)-repetitive mess-grabbing is absolutley stupid with Jason-Still areas where Jason cannot grab you-A kill with Jason at this point is not even entertaining-No binds at all (WTF were you guys thinking)-Devs have been deleting post or locking them (Clearly shows they cannot stand critism)-Not even scary at this point-Lost all the charm that is was suppose to have-Dev team apologies to community and release a dumb update instead of fixing or balancing the game-Game is just a way to get you♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off easily-Jason's grab is just terribly OP-Devs said Jason was meant to be OP but still, it sucks the fun out for counselors.-Content is very little (Which can be understandable)I have lost it with this game and I'm done with it. In every aspect, it is terrible and updates are coming at a stupidly slow rate. If Gun Media is a small company then how is it that battlegrounds at update coming out very often. Hell, the Devs of that game are just a group of guys and this comapny can't even keep up? Im quite shocked at how this comapny has handled this game so far and will not be looking forward to the amount of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that come out with that counts as a ""Apology"".As a possible nerf to Jason's grab, why don't you make it so he can only use them once so that he has to use enviormental kills more? This will give players who survive longer have a chance."
,Not Recommended,438740,31979049,Posted: 26 May,all,'tRuDz',"'Inferior graphic and unfair for survivor'The game-play is way to odd and old, though it's in developing phase.  Game play mode is also too slow and unfriendly.  No alternation in key mapping allowedDead by daylight provides a fair platform for both killer and survivor, not here!!!I don't say avoid buy, but if your are expecting better experience than DBD then you might get disappointed, as I am and hence returned the game.If you have money flying around your arms, then you can try this Game but not in-terms of worthiness..Nothing special in terms of sound environment also, like DBD"
,Not Recommended,438740,31979160,Posted: 26 May,all,Weed Warrior,"server issue in day one, cant even login,"
,Recommended,438740,32285655,Posted: 9 June,all,Wasntme,cool game for FANS!!!!
,Not Recommended,438740,32212415,Posted: 5 June,all,RITKIT,"This game is insanely broken. Lets run through the list of why.- Lobby for teams voice is super broken and glitchy- Menu is super confusing and in many times it seems like the character is reverted to basic settings for no good reason.- The car can be stopped by jason wayyyy too easily.- The function button ""E"" can be super glitchy especially if you are trying to move quickly.- Attacks by jason are impossible to defend against so as soon as jason spots you in a field you are effectively dead. You  would do better to just quit and save the time.- Game is super glitchy when it comes to trying to attack jason. In fact you are more likely to kill a player than to actually land a blow on jason.I could keep going on forever but this game is not worth the $40 and you would be better to stay as far away as possible from this game."
,Recommended,438740,33290533,Posted: 5 July,all,Rigbbby,So Good
76561198170662155,Not Recommended,438740,32388170,Posted: 13 June,all,Simple,"Game is hard to understand how to play, and its overpriced for what you get."
,Recommended,438740,32649486,Posted: 22 June,all,Roukke,"Good game with lots of bugs and overpowered Jason. Worth the time, though."
,Not Recommended,438740,31986092,Posted: 26 May,all,Switchblade,"Gameplay is slow , feels stiff and turning is glitchy. Once jason sees you your dead. I dont like how he can teleport and then intant kill you. Almost every match theres one guy left running in circles around the car and makes the fear factor more of a comedy than a horror game. Jason looks like a fat guy whos never seen a gym in his life when he runs after people. This game is more of a joke that makes you wanna laugh and maybe even cry if you were ever a true die hard fan"
,Recommended,438740,33283423,Posted: 5 July,all,CubicPoison,"The game is super fun, especially with friends. The only problem would be occasional bugs, but most of them are not game-breaking. The devs are working hard to iron out the remaining bugs and many have already been fixed. I've had a ton of fun playing the game and it is definitely worth it."
,Not Recommended,438740,32425182,Posted: 14 June,all,BluntMethod,A few very stupid design choices made this game unenjoyable for me.Didn't even want to stick around for the full 2 hours before refunding.Maybe I'll take another look at it later after some changes but for now I personally can't recommend this as it is simply not fun.
76561198066652201,Recommended,438740,33012163,Posted: 29 June,all,XXXTentacion,VERI GUT GEJM
,Recommended,438740,32018629,Posted: 28 May,all,Redrain,"Devs are slowly improving the game and its faults, thank you..."
76561198010961865,Recommended,438740,33295439,Posted: 5 July,all,jjbobmax,ITS FUN
,Recommended,438740,33295491,Posted: 5 July,all,Therealtoombsb,Amazing game with all the content it has put into jason and the counselers
76561198149572546,Recommended,438740,32189898,Posted: 4 June,all,Mercy,Amazing game. I'm writing this as it came out last week so it's glitchy but hilarious.
76561198079007615,Not Recommended,438740,33012875,Posted: 29 June,all,Dustin Bricker,I am a super fan of the friday the 13th movies and i love how this game playes but the community is so bad you will be torn apart if you make one mistake and the rest are little kids that have no idea how to play the game.(ONLY BUY IF YOU HAVE FRIENDS WHO PLAY IT) or if you're a super fan like me i guess but still you will probably hate the community like me.
,Not Recommended,438740,31969101,Posted: 26 May,all,SmileyWar,"No Asia servers, keeps trying to find a dedicated server with no results, waited 5 minutes. Pointless. If you live in Asia, don't buy it."
,Recommended,438740,32400152,Posted: 13 June,all,TypicalBlackGuy,"If you're a massive fan of the film franchise, this game is well worth a purchase. However, if you don't have a high tolerance for bug/glitches and other issues or wouldn't describe yourself as a massive friday the 13th fan, it's probably a better choice to hold off on the game until the price drops."
,Recommended,438740,32538575,Posted: 18 June,all,Tr3b0r,"This game pleasantly surprised me!Think Dead by Daylight - but Friday the 13th style! Being chased around by Jason is actually pretty tense!Gameplay is asymetric, with the survivors and Jason each having their strengths and weaknesses. You can even customise your characters with perks to make things a bit more varied. The audio is great, with fantastic moody music. The graphics are good, but are sometimes a bit buggy. (Those facial animations LOL)Overall, great game that can only get better if IllFonic keep patching it. It's a bit buggy at the moment, but there's tons of potential here."
,Not Recommended,438740,33066507,Posted: 30 June,all,Col. Sniper,terrible game
76561198037845437,Not Recommended,438740,32333192,Posted: 10 June,all,outofsight877,I bought this game at launch but couldn't play it for two weeks thanks to server issues. Now I can't play it thanks to the Anticheat bear and his MSVCP140.dII garbage that I never wanted. I may never play this game again and if I did try im sure I wouldn't be able to play it thanks to some other problem. I should have asked for my money back after buying the game and now its too late.
,Recommended,438740,32190210,Posted: 4 June,all,jake,10/10
,Not Recommended,438740,32337039,Posted: 11 June,all,Masamura ♣™,"It's good if you have friends but not worth it if you don't play private servers you deal with scumbags who sell players out and tells them where they are, servers have harsh ping, jason can grab you way to far away and knows where all cars, phones and everything is. I would say only play with friends don't go for randoms they just ruin the game."
76561198395843741,Recommended,438740,32391308,Posted: 13 June,all,( •́ω•̀ )萌新求罩,没有汉化，有点难受
76561197965400735,Not Recommended,438740,32432013,Posted: 15 June,all,DoubleTap,"Dead by Daylight is a way better, more strategic game. Was very annoyed by the placement of your character in the camera's view that you apparently can't adjust. I know they want you to be able to enjoy the view of character's♥♥♥♥♥ but I also need to see what's going on around me. Hard to see around your own character. It also feels like you're doing a whole lot of nothing until Jason spots you, and then you usually just eat it, whether your teamwork is good or not. I think the devs really skipped over the idea of people being able to work together to outsmart a killer just to make Jason a badass. Also, the 1980's VHS tape effect sounds nice and nostalgic on paper, but it gets old really fast, and so does the Reee! Reee! Reee! music, another area where Dead by Daylight really shines. Returning this for a refund for now. Maybe I'll return to this one day if they make the game a little more fun to play."
76561198341666976,Recommended,438740,31999307,Posted: 27 May,all,NEO_76,"I recommend Fun to play. It remind me all those Jason Movies and why he is a Bad♥♥♥♥♥BUT IF I WERE YOU ILL WAIT A COUPLE OF DAYS,  RIGHT NOW THE SERVERS ARE NOT GOOD, FIRST DAY I COULD NOT PLAY, BECAUSE OF SERVERS ISSUE, TODAY I PLAY AS JASON AND IT TOOK ME A WHILE TO GET IN.THE PRICE IS EXPENSIVE, BUT AGAIN  IF YOU LIKE JASON MOVIES YOUR ARE GONNA ENJOY THIS GAME!"
76561198103946239,Recommended,438740,32421347,Posted: 14 June,all,DJ PINHEADLARRY,"Great game! its definantly a work in progress and i feel like its not worth $40 a $20 at the most but as i said a work in progressPROS:Super fun gamealot of suspencevoice chat adds some comedy sometimes when it comes to jason chasing them or jason taunting yougreat choices in perks love the ""roll"" system so its not so broken and dont use overpowered perks from the startgame runs pretty well for a fx 8300 16 gb of ram and a rx 470character traits definantly add some stratagy into the gamethe different jason adds alot of time into thinking of stratagy on killing peoplekill animations are really funCONS:some character models look plasticy and you can tell they didnt put alot of work or rushed them intommy jarvis great add on for the first victim but is a great example of rushed in or not alot of work into the character modelstheres decent lag sometime nearly always have 100 ping but it dosent affect gameplay that much unless your over 175I feel this game is worth $40 dollars when it adds more fun stuff like a story mode (which is in the works) and more maps or characters and stuff pay it if you believe in this game dont if you just want to play it once or twice with friendsFULL REVIEW SCORE 7.9/10.0"
76561198062292524,Recommended,438740,32418304,Posted: 14 June,all,Punt Cunch,It's funIt's suspenseful at timesIt has replay value7/10 - only because of the bugginess
,Recommended,438740,32421015,Posted: 14 June,all,Breeze,"Fun game, does get repetitive quick though. Before anyone comments on my hours, I'm planning to rebuy during summer sale for what it's worth, less than 40 dollars."
,Not Recommended,438740,32036000,Posted: 28 May,all,Regent | Valyrian,The game won't let me play because of something that has to do with the dabatase. This has been going on for two days now and still no fix.
,Recommended,438740,33167830,Posted: 2 July,all,Autrox,best horror game !!! Ci .. Ci .. Ci .. Ma .. Ma .. Ma ..
,Recommended,438740,32038676,Posted: 29 May,all,TigerX,Its a fun game to play. Recommend people to buy it and play a couple of rounds as Jason!
,Recommended,438740,32071165,Posted: 30 May,all,Advent Dragon,This game is amazing
76561198392004894,Not Recommended,438740,32102710,Posted: 1 June,all,rAin,"The Game isn't as bad as people would claim but it surely falls short in many areas. The $40 isn't justifiable even if they added singleplayer. This game is more like 15-20$ range, maybe 25 but thats really stretching it. I like this game but just not at the $40 range. I just want to give you guys a heads up as i'm already refunding this and waiting for it to drop in price. The community (from the 4 games i've played) are not so bad, the ones i've seen were pretty funny and energetic or just plain quiet (like me). Their community as of now is not comparable to Dead by Daylight. I play DbD and I can honestly tell you I was more relaxed with this game, I didn't really care if I died early. I just leave right away and go play again. Yeah I lose  potential exp but its no biggie honestly. Unlike DbD I get alot of crap from players that die and survive which is ridiculous. Survivors strategy is to add salt to the killer and the killers strategy is to hard camp their prey. Which would be fine if both sides just stopped being big babies. Anyways, i'm going back to DbD until this game drops in price or if Last Year comes out before the drop in price. It may hurt the ones who paid early, but I really suggest dropping the price to at least $30, I'll probably even live with that price as I'm really getting into this kind of gameplay mechanic."
76561198315187294,Recommended,438740,32202425,Posted: 5 June,all,dirtysøul,Nice game
76561198189933527,Recommended,438740,32418861,Posted: 14 June,all,Crushed Ice,This is a great game I pre-ordered it and I thought it was gonna be like No Mans Sky where it wasn't as good as they said but it's just awesome!
76561198115926057,Not Recommended,438740,31989008,Posted: 26 May,all,Malfesch,"This game was fun for the first 30 minutes, after that it loses its appeal quickly.  It looks great, and the animations are done well, however the content expected for a $40 title is not there.  If you get knocked out early in the round (which is easy to do) you just sit there and spectate for the rest of the 10+ minute match, otherwise you don't get your pts at the end of the match.  Jason is a badass....we all know that.  But the teleporting around the map is a bit ridiculous.  If this game stays as is, definately wait till it goes on sale for about $15.  I had high hopes for this game.  If you are expecting a Dead by Daylight style game...this is not it."
,Recommended,438740,32084325,Posted: 31 May,all,Dozenbeer,"This game is a lot of fun and superior to Dead by Daylight.Pros:+ very hard working developers, they post everything you need to know in the forum and update their posts almost hourly(!), they are dedicated to the project and you can see that+ nice soundtrack directly from the movies+ the atmosphere is spot on! You feel like in a horror movie. Even spectating a match is very fun+ Jason is super tough, its hard to escape him, as it should be, not everybody can survive you sometimes have to sacrifice yourself, again this is very much like the movies and I love it+ its nice to play with a controller+ the game is not as competetive as DbD, you dont have stats or a win/lose ratio, no ranked or that stuff. Its about having fun playing the game+ a lot of unlockables for Jason and the counselors+ so many kill variations+ many counselors to play as, that are more destinguishable from another and that have abilities like repairing faster+ various Jasons to pick from, with signature look and moves from the movies+ working in a team is essential in this game+ the maps are big and have items and POI in different locations each time+ the counselors can escape in many different ways+ even if you die, you get a good amount of exp, so its not feeling like loosing+ weapons and items to help the counselors against Jason+ its a very good mix between stealth gameplay and hectic action+ you can group in a party with friends and then queue in together for an online match+ you can set up private matches with friends and still earn exp+ perks for the counselors costs always the same and can be randomly rolled with different values each time+ Tommy Jarvis can be called to appear, a player that has died can then play him and get a second chance+ when you die you can spectate the whole match, which in every other game seems boring, but here its awesome+ Jason can be stopped by items and weapons and even killed in a very specific situation+ the game has a good balance, Ive seen a lot of people complain, but they just have to play the game a bit more+ the ingame voice chat is good, you can only hear people in distance, unless you pick up a radio+ a singleplayer campaign and offline vs bots is definitely going to happen, as stated by the developers+ in every match its random who gets to play as Jason, I like that way better than the system in DbD+ I had no errors or technical issues so far, the game crashed once, when I alt-tabbed out a few times, but thats okayCons:- the 3 available maps are a little bit too similar, there is variety, but the scenario is identical- servers are not region seperated meaning you will play against asians with an ultra high ping or russians that dont speak a word english and still talk to you in russian for whatever reason- playing as Jason is kinda rare, as your chance in playing him is always 1 in 8.- when counselors are leaving during the start of the match the game will still start with Jason vs (lets say) 3, which of course is almost impossible for them, cant wait for bots- the dead body ragdolls are way too light, when walking over them they seem like being weightless- when hiding as a counselor and your fear is up, you have to hold your breath, which is certain death. You can only hold your breath for like 4 seconds and then the character exhales so loud, Jason will turn around to kill you, its tough enough as it is and holding the breath should be removed entirely- there are way too many lame Jason killers. They almost always go for the asphyxiation, because its the fastest kill (they only want to ""win"") go have fun and do some enviromental kills, you dont get a rank or something- some counselors are bound to never be played as their stats are worthless. Characters with stealth 1/10 die almost immediately, because Jason can make them out across the map (but I did escape with these characters several times, so its not impossible, just tougher)Overall this game is awesome. I love it so much and cant wait for the singleplayer part. The price is a bit steep, but compared to Dead by Daylight its almost the same. DbD has a lot of costly DLC, F13 has not and offers more content in the base game. Its also a license, which is going to be more expensive for the devs. Get this game, its a lot of fun!"
76561198021728162,Not Recommended,438740,32107630,Posted: 1 June,all,Bles The Killer Cat,fun game but you cant change the controls so its hard to fully master the controls.and i have a rare bugg... my buttons:123456789 dont work so i cant play jason .so i dont recomend it to many buggs
76561198352045227,Recommended,438740,32237617,Posted: 7 June,all,Rascal,This game is amazing.If you are a typical tweener you still can escape by yourself - along with betraying agressive teammates
,Not Recommended,438740,32555096,Posted: 18 June,all,呆萌萌的呆呆獸,"A fun game with tons of bug make it like♥♥♥♥♥♥ After the bugfix, sometimes it just need one shot of flare then we can send jason to heaven and finish the game. Not to mention that badass connection issue, for i doubted that even a potato would be better as a server."
76561198203975329,Not Recommended,438740,32700193,Posted: 23 June,all,Peyman_Major™,this game its♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,438740,32337847,Posted: 11 June,all,tbossbone,This game is ADDICTING - it renewed my faith in PC gaming!
76561198312564139,Not Recommended,438740,32417846,Posted: 14 June,all,kittyboy,"Is that achievement really glitched to not pop up at all? Wanted to make sure.. If the achievement doesn't really unlock, then I'll stop trying for it."
76561197988241189,Recommended,438740,32016430,Posted: 28 May,all,REDDEX,"I had alot of fun, it feels like most of it is complete but some tweaking is needed. Playing as Jason can be alot of fun depending on how you choose to play, and counselors can be both challenging and rewarding. I would say people playing together in groups will have the most fun, you will not survive on your own. At the same time a good Jason player will use all his gadgets so getting a few people out alive is still a victory.I would suggest watching other people play first, if it feels good and the price is right go for it. Myself ive had login issues and it seems not everyone has it, i will try to refund and if it grows i will consider it at a later date."
76561198156299961,Recommended,438740,31997736,Posted: 27 May,all,Thicc Boi,Really fun dope game
76561198376783178,Recommended,438740,32295511,Posted: 9 June,all,ZhekaiSG,This game is super fun but you will need to do something about the glitches
,Not Recommended,438740,32191731,Posted: 4 June,all,Abelli,"This game is fun to a point and then it goes downhill.  It is very much a team game and if you can find a group that communicates well, then you will have a lot of fun.  The problem is that every game seems to have about 2 people who do not even speak english.  Then the others don't have mics or won't use the radio.  The only time half of this community plugs in their mic is when they get to play Jason and only then so that they can call you slurs.The other problem this game has is that people can at the moment leave for no real punishment.  This means that you are likely to be stuck in a game where atleast one person has left since they didn't get to play Jason.  So not only does everyone want to play jason, but jason also gets about twice as much xp at the end of the game.  As a result being hunted down in the game has very little incentive which probably encourages the bad behavior.The worst part about the game in my mind however, is at around lvl 30 when you start to see the paterns in the game.  When you start to see the Jasons that instantly trap the phone at the start of the map, then trap the car, and can pretty much instantly grab you.  At this point the game gets really annoying because not only do you have to find everything, and a pocket knife to disarm the traps, but he also starts to camp objectives.  There are a few maps where the fuse is right next to the 4-seater car and these end up being the worst games because he knows you got to go there.In the end the game is fun in it's infancy, and before you start to notice the patterns of the game.  When you don't know when or where jason is going to pop out is when it really shines.  It loses that magic the more you play it, but up until then it really feels like a good representation of the movies.  If you have friends who are going to play with you, or if you can get this on discount I would recommend it.  It's good for a few days, but I wouldn't particularly recommend it."
,Recommended,438740,33670985,Posted: 20 July,all,Shadowz,"This game was something I wasn't really planning on getting due to the recent comments about public matches, and what have you, but then a group of friends that I met in a community said it was better to play with friends, so I broke down and finally bought it. I dont' regret buying it either. I've been having a blast playing this game with friends. So yeah while sometimes a public can be good or bad, I have no clue, I just know that I enjoy playing this game with my friends. So yeah, buy it and give it a shot.But then when this is playing a lot, it becomes boring, who wants to spend all their time opening drawers, avoiding Jason, being Tommy. Sadly as fun as this game was for me in the beginning, I no longer have a desire to play it even with friends. It lost its luster for me. But others can still enjoy it, sadly I don't anymore."
76561198389345917,Recommended,438740,32023347,Posted: 28 May,all,blaze8844,needs to be fixed now!!!! no exp gain at the end of rounds cant change your jason because it just loads forever needs to be fixed asap didnt spend 40 bucks for nothing i gave this game a chance and was really happy with it until this fix get off your lazy asses and fix it screw your sleep we paid for your damn game that doesnt even have single player also lacks maps and extra content but please just fix very fun when it works
,Not Recommended,438740,32002210,Posted: 27 May,all,waylo,Can't rebind any controls. What year is it?
76561198035521811,Not Recommended,438740,32004195,Posted: 27 May,all,Kaninmannen,"Great game don't get me wrong, but it's not worth 36,99€.Which is why I'm refunding it."
76561198038916346,Not Recommended,438740,32004507,Posted: 27 May,all,asdfa,"Game costs 40$ USD. Servers are not functionning properly the first day of release and many people can not join in the game. On the next day, a new patch of 1.6gb is released to fix a few minor bugs. WTF?????"
76561198317930490,Recommended,438740,33332750,Posted: 6 July,all,YungSavage,"Great gameplay and game mechanics, but the community is so toxic. Some games i get into are great, I have such a blast playing, but some are bad. Most games I get into are horrible, counselors are killing each other left and right with no way to punish them if they do it on purpose. Another problem is when a counselors friend is Jason, Jason will not kill his friend, but Jason will kill everyone else. Make it so if your in a party with someone, neither of them can be Jason. Overall great game, but these issues make the game not fun to play."
76561198086823463,Recommended,438740,33157220,Posted: 2 July,all,RyDog7373,"The game has its quirks and glitches, but is still extremely fun to play."
,Recommended,438740,32170324,Posted: 4 June,all,SL,perfect game 10/10 go get it ;))
,Recommended,438740,32415502,Posted: 14 June,all,230 Subs :D (bday 7 Days),Its really fun and scary.The Only Thing I Dont like is that other counslers can kill youi was just playing and some guy being chased by jason came into the house and he had a flare. when he saw jason he shot it and ran out. then i had one so he killed me for it its so annoyingPlease remove this
76561198051937677,Recommended,438740,32108969,Posted: 1 June,all,Ebyss,Killed jason with a flare gun. 10/10 would shoot again.
,Recommended,438740,32137405,Posted: 2 June,all,ĴᾏKÊ,this is some good♥♥♥♥♥
76561198033593782,Recommended,438740,32078952,Posted: 30 May,all,Cookie,Really fun .
,Recommended,438740,32014407,Posted: 28 May,all,Paradox Warlock,"Yes, I recommend this game! I haven't had any sorts of problems yet, and I think we all need to give these guys a chance. Personally, I'm very excited to see what's in store next, and it was worth every penny! Keep on slashing!"
,Recommended,438740,32343566,Posted: 11 June,all,cbethax,Cool game yeah
,Not Recommended,438740,32005906,Posted: 27 May,all,SamuraiSubway,"This is unacceptable even for the ""Day One"" excuses window. The game is full of glitches, myself and countless others can't connect to the servers to even play the game and they charge $40 for a game with only multiplayer and in a completely unfinished state. I wanted to enjoy this game as a fan of the series and a huge fan of asymmetrical multiplayer, in it's current state I can't recommend it nor do I believe it's even close to finished. They set back other games with this release, they set back an entire franchise with this release, I'd rather watch my unborn son give me aids while jason rips my throat out and puts me in a sleeping bag and beats me against two trees than give this developer my money again. I hope nothing but pain comes to these people.To me:The developers are deadTheir friends are deadTheir pets are being skinned aliveTheir moms' are  ♥♥♥♥♥sThey suck at lifeThe world hates themThey are going to hellLive with itDisclaimer: I am extremely salty"
76561198319652875,Recommended,438740,32650280,Posted: 22 June,all,Birnie,Its hillarious since you can be chased by Mexican Jason's.
76561198401757517,Recommended,438740,33907730,Posted: 30 July,all,脑袋只能装下你,这个游戏  真的超级棒   我玩了几把  完全上瘾
,Recommended,438740,33636595,Posted: 18 July,all,Spooky Basement-Man,"Will write a real review at this point, but right now:Buggy, but fun as ♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,438740,32025994,Posted: 28 May,all,please be gentle,"This game is THE horror experience people deserveAs the victims, everything is threatening, every corners, every steps, even the music feels like it's attacking you and that's AMAZING.The maps are huge, unlike in dead by daylight, the possibilities to escape are diverse and there is never only one.I'd say the best part of this game is the audio, it's incredibly faithful to the movies.This game is absolutly what it's title says, I don't think there is a better way to put friday the 13th as a video game, the atmosphere, the music, the fear is EXACTLY the same as in the movies, so if you like them good old horror movie, you'll adore this game----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Though of course, it has it's bad parts, I usually have 30ms and on this game i see everyone with 350+ and i'm at 130 at best (I think it's because the servers are american only for the moment)I think there should be a real tutorial instead of the ""picture tutorial"" thingy, it's not overly hard to understand, but the first few games, you're gonna useless to your team.You can't change your keybindings either, it's troublesome if you're not american (but a goold old ctrl+alt is fine)Other than that, I don't see what bad can be said about this game, it's stressful, it's spooky, it's friday the 13th"
,Recommended,438740,32102809,Posted: 1 June,all,Kostantine,"10/10 Love This Game, Few Issues, But Developers Are working Super Hard To Fix Them."
76561198253758361,Recommended,438740,32212736,Posted: 5 June,all,Tom,great game real fun to play even by urself recommend it 100% and on top of that its not too expensive
76561198354011813,Recommended,438740,32103401,Posted: 1 June,all,jms ✪,Recommend this game for all players even if your young like me this game is great fun to play with your friends. If you like the horror genre or intense chases this game is for you. You may even like the gore as this game is very violent. It's self-explanatory to be honest.
76561198356690222,Recommended,438740,32575681,Posted: 19 June,all,Romi king,Good game 👍🏻
,Recommended,438740,32212791,Posted: 5 June,all,Sphing,"This is an awesome game, and especially fun to play with friends! Choose your favorite Jason to murder the ""Counslers"". The more you kill the more points. You spend points buying perks for either Jason or the counslers. Buy different ways to slaughter people and with the counslers get differnt perks to allow you to play stealthy, quickly, or a good support for your team.As a counsler, you can find and pick up itmes laying around the map (Mostly inside houses) and use them to your advantage. Find different parts and collect them all to get a specific exit open so you may escape!Great amount of Jasons/Counslers to choose from to suit your favorite play style. Very good graphics and animations. GGives off the perfect Friday the 13th ""eerie"" vibe. I just hope this is able to get better. I dont see a whole lot of room for DLC's. Only time will tell! Great game so far just wish it was a tad bit cheaper. Currently ($39.99USD)"
76561198142869990,Recommended,438740,32469581,Posted: 16 June,all,dragonsmitter,eh wish steam gave us the option to get that one jason...did not know about it till it was too late.
,Recommended,438740,32544055,Posted: 18 June,all,wilsonnxo,"Fantastic game, 10/10 for me. Looking forward to new content that is released in the future."
,Recommended,438740,33134138,Posted: 2 July,all,xtreemgunna,Start up the game. CheckLearn controls to play Jason. CheckGet swung at by a buncha nerdy counselors and proceed to beat them accordingly? Cheeeeeck.
,Recommended,438740,35374968,Posted: 1 October,all,burSUGI | csgoatse.com,Well altmost a dead game Rip
,Recommended,438740,35264333,Posted: 28 September,all,M.S.,"This is not so good, but it good....."
76561198497119859,Not Recommended,438740,35335925,Posted: 30 September,all,RbSh,bad surver
76561198056385744,Not Recommended,438740,35264482,Posted: 28 September,all,Randy layhey,i love friday the 13th i really do loved the movies loved the nes game but this game is just cancer to the name the community is toxic as♥♥♥♥♥♥and the only actually match making that seems to work is on private match but that doesn't even compare to how bad the buggs and isssues are for this game the devolpers constantly promote their game instead of actually spending time fixing their game if you want cancer and love the feeling of a horror games where 12 years are playing this game begging jason to not kill them and then crying their eyes out this game is for you10/10 best cancer simulator
76561198237083764,Recommended,438740,35381275,Posted: 1 October,all,☠Teemo☠,I love this game <3
,Recommended,438740,35426837,Posted: 2 October,all,Mietalnerd,A hell of a fun game. A must if you are a diehard friday the 13th fan!
,Not Recommended,438740,35143656,Posted: 22 September,all,DZ,really bad
76561198004066778,Recommended,438740,31977617,Posted: 26 May,all,Blade,ok so my vote for this game has gone up and down the game it self is awsome but their was some bad luanch issues people not being able to get in no servers and suchhowever devs have patched devs have endured and the game is getting fixed still not perfect but better!i love the game hate most the community!here is a update on their recently patched  game team killing gone:)new small variations of maps :)many bugs fixxed:)some old bugs return :(some new bugs surface :(most glitching out of map solved :)simple really the devs are doing their job and the community is super toxic !but if you can find a small group of freinds to play with then this will be some of the most fun you can have right now on pc !
76561198393033562,Recommended,438740,35325037,Posted: 29 September,all,✪HHrleyQuinn,AWESOME!
,Not Recommended,438740,32018568,Posted: 28 May,all,Mercy,"Devs: ""We believe no user should pay for any Update/DLC""Community: ""Why is the game so terribly overpriced? There's barely any content?""Devs: ""Because of the FREE DLC were going to give you!"""
76561198089314065,Recommended,438740,34519348,Posted: 26 August,all,Firefoxmax,game no suck
,Recommended,438740,34701273,Posted: 2 September,all,Sirhc,great game just really buggy atm
,Not Recommended,438740,35126569,Posted: 22 September,all,Kamie Jinnard,"Buggy as all♥♥♥♥♥♥ wanted to give it a go as I find the reviews down below a game are often quite harsh; but they're quite right in this case. I Didn't play it for long, as I couldn't see myself getting £30 worth of time out of it, what I did play was alright but it's not worth a £30 price tag. I found myself stuck in cars when I attempted to break out of them, and unable to leave the game. Which was made worse by the fact that Jason was being played by a small Somalian boy who was trying to 'helop' me. I enjoyed dead by daylight far better than this, get that ♥♥♥♥ing game. Not this diabolical bugfest populated with Syrian mud♥♥♥♥♥♥♥giving you tutorials on how to make c4 out of a ♥♥♥♥ing pancake whilst you're trying to escape Jay's son."
,Not Recommended,438740,35348299,Posted: 30 September,all,PAO,"Nope skip that game, dev doenst realy care about this game, no update, a lot of bug in it"
76561198203847373,Recommended,438740,35114747,Posted: 21 September,all,★ Jayden ★,Can anyone help me i have a gtx 1050ti and an i5 2400 and i have to play low settings with about 40 fps can anyone help me i used to be able to play apart from this problem i love them game :(
,Recommended,438740,35195160,Posted: 24 September,all,ThatDudeRyan,This Game Is Good But I Wish I Could Play This But I Am On Mac
76561198283202014,Recommended,438740,35424832,Posted: 2 October,all,♠X✥₲ЯÏM♠Я₳D‡Ф♠,Great game it has a lot of unexpected fun.
76561198390025476,Recommended,438740,34700047,Posted: 2 September,all,Khaotica,This game is so much fun. Many scares and laughs to be had.
76561198062554016,Recommended,438740,35192794,Posted: 24 September,all,CroesoG,"In the past 12 hours, 11 of those hours have been spent playing this game non-stop. I love games like these, the kills are VERY satisfying. Occasionally you get people who aren't the best, scream down mic and call everyone ""gay"" or ""♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s"", put you can't blame the game for that. Overall, I've enjoyed it very much so far. 8/10."
,Recommended,438740,35388874,Posted: 1 October,all,Bova-Fett,"I honestly spent a good amount of time pondering whether to get this game. I've been wanting to get it on sale for a while now, but alas, no sale has popped up. Regardless I think you should buy this game, even for the full price of 40 bucks. Here's why:Let me start off with my first 2 hours I played (where I tested the game to see if I wanted a refund).In those 2 hours, I had gotten the chance to play multiple matches. Queue times for a game were always under a minute (which is impressive considering each game has an average length of maybe ~12 mins).I played as Jason, and boy is it fun creatively murdering the survivors in often times unfair ways.I died a few times as counselor as well, before hitching a ride in a car with some survivors and high tailing it outta there.The gameplay experience is incredibly dynamic, and although I got into a few matches where no one had a mic, I also had others where everyone was communicating and having a blast.When new, using the 3D VoIP to portray yourself as an actual counselor adds a lot of immersion and general fun. I distinctly remember being with a group of 3 other counselors when Jason came up and grabbed one of us. I swung my bat at him yelling ""Leave my friend alone you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!"" only to jump back in the car and get moving.Everyone seems rather friendly, and the worst I've experienced when it comes to toxicity is the uncommon condescending, thinks he's better than you prick (I'll call them Chad).There is a lot of progression available, from spending CP to roll perks, to buying new Jason kill animations. This of course is underneath a general ranking system that allows you to unlock survivors as you play more and more.For those of you on the fence, I'd say buy this game, but only because I've been massively hyping it up in my mind. Regardless, this game is a lot of fun, even without friends, microphones, and with the occasional bull♥♥♥♥♥♥glitch (like when Jason gets shot in the eye with a flare gun and doesn't even flinch).This game also differs from Dead by Daylight in mechanics and in purpose.Dead by Daylight is very much a competitive game. While neither is scarier than the other, F13 proves to be more of an immersive experience (where you get the chance to be a part of the movie).I give this♥♥♥♥♥♥a 7/10 in my book. Not for everyone, but bugs aren't gamebreaking, there is a wide variety of customization/progression, and the community doesn't seem too bad."
,Recommended,438740,35067370,Posted: 19 September,all,JAMESBROWN1971,lkie see up date oct 31
,Recommended,438740,35206092,Posted: 25 September,all,Aggromeister,"This game is a bit buggy, and expensive, but I love it ^^"
,Recommended,438740,35443930,Posted: 3 October,all,nic butikk csgolive.com,good game
,Not Recommended,438740,32793281,Posted: 25 June,all,Tummy Licker,"Trash game, broken gameplay mechanics with bugs and glitches, don't waste your money"
,Not Recommended,438740,32517881,Posted: 17 June,all,BradRapidTv,"Launch was a♥♥♥♥♥♥show. Players in this game arw a♥♥♥♥♥♥show. The recent fixes for this game are a♥♥♥♥♥♥show. This entire game was supposed to be amazing, and turned out to be a sad joke. What a waste of time on some♥♥♥♥♥♥small town dev team when this could have been given to someone who could have actually done something with it."
76561198092661923,Recommended,438740,33349201,Posted: 7 July,all,Soul,A very fun game but could be more fun if the fixes the glitches
76561198136129729,Recommended,438740,34885928,Posted: 11 September,all,gayx9000overface,"Отличная игра,есть баги но не такие частые.10 Джейсонов из 10"
76561197965976363,Not Recommended,438740,31984297,Posted: 26 May,all,Pharahmedic,"TLDR: looks unpolished, Jason is BROKEN (not to be confused with OP), wait a little, either for a price drop or fixesWhile the game is decent performance wise, I feel like this should 100% be in Early Access right now instead of being considered a ""finished game"" (and yea I know they'll do this and add that yada yada...).The animations, like climbing or jumping through windows, grabbing people as Jason, pretty much everything that's an ""interactive"", look like alpha leftovers to me. Did they just not consider these things important for launch? If this was EA, I wouldn't even bring this up as a bad thing as polishing would still be on the list. But nope, it's a full release.""Telefragging"" as Jason is already being talked about by the devs and they're working on how to fix it. So that's good to know I guess. But let's be real here, did QA ever happen?In terms of content I think the game is fine and will be even better with future free DLC (I assume maps will be free, if not, RIP). Unlocking cosmetics and perks all via putting time in the game. That's always a good thing to me.I'd say don't buy this game yet. Wait for the price to drop or at least for things to get fixed (especially the Telefragging).(Also, this game is WAY more fun if you bring together 8 people who're actually willing to talk. Quick Play for the most part is just boring as hell if nobody speaks)"
76561197970486639,Not Recommended,438740,32011305,Posted: 27 May,all,CipherPants,"For what it's worth, it's fun; however, not worth $40.00 in it's current state. Had the company spent more on QA and testing, they would have kept my money. Refunded."
,Recommended,438740,31980227,Posted: 26 May,all,MitchOnline,The game is very good graphics and very fun! I recommend it to players. The problem is that it dont connect always (26.05.2017 (RELEASE DATE) )6 Stars of 6
,Not Recommended,438740,31984263,Posted: 26 May,all,Scox,"For an independant studio, they did a good job. The price tag is way too high, in my opinion, and the game just isn't what I was expecting. I'm sure some people will enjoy it, I just didn't."
,Recommended,438740,31988865,Posted: 26 May,all,Trustymccoolguy,great game but jasons telegrab is so op that it ruins the game and already makes jason doubley op
76561198383215408,Not Recommended,438740,32001266,Posted: 27 May,all,spidercarnage38,"i do not recommend this game. this game deosnt even launch, and it takes up alot of space with its extra downloads."
76561198273883412,Recommended,438740,31966108,Posted: 25 May,all,|#THE|GoD|OF|WaR!*| [ T&T ],"the game is fun mostly when you play as jason...not so much fun playing the victim..even worse when theres no one to talk to via MIC...facial animations are HORRIBLE tho..and its not expected from an (UNREAL ENGINE) game...i have played a few matches and so far I have enjoyed playing, minus the bad animations and character rotations..my first match i was lucky enough to play as jason. its randomized and kinda sucks that it takes forever to play as jason. the game is well enjoyed with friends...not so much fun alone with no one to talk to"
76561198124097960,Recommended,438740,32171608,Posted: 4 June,all,Davve,fun
76561198319532129,Recommended,438740,32800687,Posted: 25 June,all,Cheeta.-,this is the best game EVAR!! the launch was a little weird with all the bugs but since the patch ive been damn near addicted to this game
76561197960759650,Recommended,438740,31979759,Posted: 26 May,all,Immortal Donut,Very fun 8 v 1 race to survive and escape. Would say not worth the $40 price tag due to lack of overall content but definitely worth 20. Best with a group of friends to work together to survive and also to hunt all your friends down.
76561198179608317,Recommended,438740,32644715,Posted: 22 June,all,RoroXBayonetta64,Best Survival Horror Game Ever!!! 10/10
,Recommended,438740,32521502,Posted: 17 June,all,Timmy4Realz,I like to kill the kids!
,Recommended,438740,32772939,Posted: 25 June,all,JonhK321',"As it stands a 40$ game, i must say its a bit too much for what you get but with friends its ♥♥♥♥ing hilarious to play. Grab some compadres and go run like a pu$$y from jason."
,Recommended,438740,31967358,Posted: 26 May,all,RometVPS,"You just need to but this game, nothing ins't impossible. I recommend this game 10/10. I already played today as survivor and i can tell that this game is looking cool and awesome."
,Recommended,438740,33035128,Posted: 30 June,all,Duthum SuperiorServers.co,GOOD GAME YES MUCH SCREAMING NICE PARTY WELCOME TO MY SWAMP
,Recommended,438740,32886278,Posted: 27 June,all,Family Friendly Soul,Good GOOD GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,438740,32874033,Posted: 27 June,all,Sans The Weed Smoker,ok game
,Recommended,438740,32025783,Posted: 28 May,all,Mr.SpaceCorgi,"When this game works it's an amazing game, i've played it for awhile now and unlike most people this whole ratting system is a bit silly. There really needs to be a 'this game is good, but bugs and gltiches are holding it back' button. Listen if you buy this game it wil lbe fun, it's going to be fun. But there are glitches now preventing people from playing the game. Sadly the reviews are flooded with people saying they can't play the game, I haven't experienced that problem since the update since they patched it out. So the servers are fine as is, and all those reviews saying that people can't play the game are old. Also they servers were over flooded with people trying to play the game, but they patched it out now. Anyway the 3 major glitches you need to worry about is the 'being reset to lvl 0' You aren't really reset to level 0, just don't change out of a character you have and your perks will stay. 'Not being able to use perks' I mean I know I can put them on, but it's a bit glitchy trying to get them on. The last one has to deal wit hthe Achivements, they won't update or work, it's all buggy but those are the three major glitches that you need to worry, once they are patched you should get the game!Anyway I'll keep updating this, my suggestion is to pick the game up a week or so from now. It's worth the 40$ if you have money lying around. As it's been sucking hours out of me, but then again i'm fine with paying the 40 dollars as it's worth it. This game is super fun after all, even the bad matches with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s leaving you behind or jason killing you right away can be fun. I'll keep updating this review for everyone."
,Recommended,438740,32196702,Posted: 5 June,all,FaZe Pink Guy,Good game
,Recommended,438740,32196979,Posted: 5 June,all,J.A.R.V.I.S.,有点刺激哦`
,Recommended,438740,32197106,Posted: 5 June,all,你不能忘了我,Nice!
76561198051812804,Not Recommended,438740,31983288,Posted: 26 May,all,Sinheart,"Its a great game but theres just too many problems right now, including the price tag"
76561198124888279,Not Recommended,438740,31983340,Posted: 26 May,all,Jewnami,Overpriced!!! same 3 maps mostly peoply running around for 20 mins until the match just ends
76561198138667109,Recommended,438740,32580844,Posted: 19 June,all,xCAMELZx,aa
76561198069208665,Not Recommended,438740,32012816,Posted: 27 May,all,iSob0nkers,Don't work for some people because of the server issue game is worth $10 Not $40....... Money back!
,Recommended,438740,32615026,Posted: 21 June,all,layor,CHANGE YOUR NAME TO GAYSON - YOU WILL NEVER BE JASON- Todson 2k17 #BeenOnly2TimesJason
76561198353057489,Recommended,438740,32330148,Posted: 10 June,all,The Shape,i wish that have savini jason on steam store but anyway that games is incredible
76561198075989162,Recommended,438740,31990410,Posted: 27 May,all,Spooky Sergs,As soon as i was entered into a match i noticed the community was very friendly and everyone was having fun. I would recommend this game becuase its beautiful and the gameplay is unique in the matches i played.
76561198106216639,Not Recommended,438740,32304708,Posted: 9 June,all,SweetSwallow,"[Tl:dr] Game with potential but not worth 44 CAD and contains many annoying bugs and exploits atmGreat game with lots of potential. Graphics are pretty good for an indie game, and  game breaking server issues and exploits have been patched. However, I still cannot recommend this game at its current state, as there are still many annoying bugs and exploits that have yet to be patched. Especially considering the fact that Friday the 13th sells near the price of a fully developed triple-a title, while only offering three maps and repetitive gameplay. Price should be atMAX20$, for its content and early access.Do I enjoy the game? Of course I do. But the cons outweigh the pros.Keep in mind that my review is based on a solo queueing and queueing with a small party. If you plan on playing this with a full group of friends, go ahead :)Review may change once issues have been fixed and more content has been released."
,Recommended,438740,32307341,Posted: 9 June,all,FallenXwarrior,REALLY GOOD GAME!!!! only with friends. and when u troll its funny
76561198391983258,Not Recommended,438740,32356598,Posted: 11 June,all,legojerin,so stupid it wont even let me pass the loading screen
76561198280872666,Recommended,438740,31969271,Posted: 26 May,all,MrNightOwl,"I Was Starting the Car, then suddenly Jason Appeared outta Nowhere then Tommy came to our Rescue. Tommy Shot Jason and I ranned over Tommy and I Survived. Best Game Ever <3"
76561198092638273,Recommended,438740,32228957,Posted: 6 June,all,Evan  the gamer,babababbababababababababa the game is good
76561198045661548,Not Recommended,438740,31968250,Posted: 26 May,all,biscuitpants,this error keep's popping upSummerCamp.exe - System ErrorThe code execution cannot proceed because MSVCP140.dll was not found. then it say's to reinstalling it but I did that about ten times
76561198193919343,Recommended,438740,32223230,Posted: 6 June,all,F4D3_SH0T,"I would rate this 4/5 because it has a good community, regularly patches, Good mechanics. This game is classified as horror but i've never laughed so much in one game. I only gave it four stars because its in early access and it has lots of bugs. I highly recommend this game if your thinking of getting it."
,Recommended,438740,32284760,Posted: 8 June,all,Hou Li-Fuk,10/10 would bang
76561198074520950,Not Recommended,438740,32272995,Posted: 8 June,all,Toxic_Angel2012,"Every time I try to play, the game keeps shutting down...."
76561198262719135,Recommended,438740,32414964,Posted: 14 June,all,Conor Mcgregor10Seconds,I think You should buy this game because it is one of the best games ive ever played in my life and it might fell like your not leveling up at the start but ive had it for like 5 days and im already level 23 so dont worry. If u want to be jason its unlikely that you would be him but then its 40/100 chance. TIPS: Use flashlight if Counselor (decreases Fear level) Use AJ mason When unlocked at level 4 (best stealth and repair).
76561198097260314,Recommended,438740,32415523,Posted: 14 June,all,Danny woods  caserandom.com,its such a great game
76561198066099393,Recommended,438740,32416492,Posted: 14 June,all,Master General Vic,Achivements are broken... good game though 10/10 would slay again!
,Recommended,438740,32414876,Posted: 14 June,all,Jim the lush,"I was very skeptical before buying this because of the low content and high price but the Friday the 13th fan in me ended up sayin', ""Come on this is Jason we're talking here, jerk-off!"". So I watched a couple of videos of full matches and got insanely pysched to buy it. I do not regret♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ This game is the closest feeling to replicating a movie franchise I have ever felt in a game. As a massive Friday fan, this game is just perfect. I realised this in a match as a counselor when we were just about to get away in a car and Jason ""teleported"" infront of us. As we were backing up, jason walked toward the car slowly under the camp lights on the road. I literally had a fangasm. Played for 8 hours the first night and didn't want to put it down. I'm at 49 hours now. Sure there are only 3 maps but the different people and friends you meet online change everything, every match. If you're a Friday fan this is a no brainer purchase. If you're not and you're kinda on the fence, do what I did and watch a couple matches to get pumped. Here's a video I made showing the first 8 hours of shenanigans. Checker if you wish.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xl3lQx5VjEY"
76561198139423981,Not Recommended,438740,32376535,Posted: 12 June,all,dingo34051,"Don't bother, there's a good chance you waste 40 dollars on a game that won't work because its poorly coded and the internet won't help you."
76561198117784994,Recommended,438740,32017621,Posted: 28 May,all,MegalotPL,"Now: The game is awesome! Servers are still working. There are few bugs and lots of players! I would recommend!Before update:And so. The game is cool, but the servers are not working. I can not log in for 7 hours.If you fix something, I'll change the review to positive. PS: I have, a database error!PS:As I said so it happened"
,Recommended,438740,32088940,Posted: 31 May,all,Four4Squared4,Very fun game with a few glitches but nothing game breaking.  Definitely worth the price.
76561198159594765,Recommended,438740,31965397,Posted: 25 May,all,Siracs,LOVE IT! JUST LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!!!! GAME OF THE YEAR!!!!!
,Recommended,438740,31965265,Posted: 25 May,all,Blasted ✪,"Amazing my heart was racing after 2 rounds. Love it so much, and trust me it's soooo much better than DbD"
76561198008444054,Recommended,438740,32179422,Posted: 4 June,all,Zoidberg0,"I really enjoy & like the game, i know the devs are woring on it hard but the what bugs me the most is that jason almost always instant kill u with grab, i hope this will be fixed by like giving longer wait kills a bigger point bonus...."
76561198148066608,Recommended,438740,32347224,Posted: 11 June,all,remstoh,"This game is amazing, but EVERY ♥♥♥♥ING TIME I PLAY WITH MY FRIEND, HE IS THE ♥♥♥♥ING KILLER!!!1"
,Not Recommended,438740,31987835,Posted: 26 May,all,Prune,cancer......fix ur servers u useless ♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,438740,32560995,Posted: 19 June,all,TOXIC CHILD,I had to call cops because someone threated me and reported his violation to steam first time I had to say to this game to get rid of voicechat this game sucks with and is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
,Recommended,438740,32524273,Posted: 17 June,all,by,10/10 game honestly really fun just need more ppl playing it
,Recommended,438740,31977507,Posted: 26 May,all,TheKrecK,It's the best multiplayer horror game that is available right now on Steam. :)
76561198213948551,Recommended,438740,31986776,Posted: 26 May,all,Gopnik McGainz,"Of the 7 hours I've played, it has been great. A few bugs here and there, but not so bad. The only thing concerning me now is that I haven't been able to connect to the servers for at least 5 hours today. I'd love to play with my friends, but it isn't looking good currently."
,Recommended,438740,31986798,Posted: 26 May,all,Trip,"I am so happy this game has come out. AND................ I apsolutley LOVE it, it is the best.. and i mean.. (THE BEST) Slasher game of all time in my opinion...... I have been a fan of the series since i was a kid and this is everyhting i have ever wanted in a Friday the 13th game...... THANKYOU.. Gun media, Illfonic and everybody that made this game possible i can die happy now LOL.... but yeah.. best game ever... F13 fo life."
76561198327759414,Recommended,438740,31987609,Posted: 26 May,all,VashTheStampede,"So much fun! It's not as easy as you would think to be Jason. He's overpowered but in a good way! Being the counselors is only fun with people who actually talk. So, make sure you have the mic ready. Definitely recommended for Friday the 13th fans!"
,Recommended,438740,31987618,Posted: 26 May,all,Inori,"Great game, but DONT play it if you don't own a microphone, the game is centered arround communication, and not having a mic makes the game not feel very good and you make it harder for your team.If you have a mic... awesome game!While there are not many maps at the moment, the gameplay feels very different from one game to another due to the different items you find at the startOne thing i liked about this game is that communication is not only fundamental but realistic, you can actually talk to Jason if he's close (same with other campers) and you can find walkie talkies to talk throught them and communicate to reach a certain goalVery well made, and will probably just get better in the future as they add more content, but it's still worth it at current price"
,Recommended,438740,31987556,Posted: 26 May,all,C!nder,"This game has a lot of flaws (server problems, can't rebind keys, Jason's blink+grab is a bit too cheap) but I still have to give it a positive review. It's still really fun and hilarious, especially when people use mics and play along with the situation a bit. Other than the blink+grab the devs have made a lot of right choices in balancing the gameplay. I've seen anything from every single counselor escaping, to Jason murdering everyone, to 50/50 escapes/deaths. I've had a good time and I don't regret spending the $40 on it."
,Not Recommended,438740,31977215,Posted: 26 May,all,Roryvalintine,"Having trouble connecting to database and says ""Database login failure"".What should I do ??This is the first time trying to play it and i'm unable to play it.;/PLEASE SOMEBODY HELP !!!!!!!!REALLY WANT TO PLAY THIS GAME"
76561197995175176,Recommended,438740,32027511,Posted: 28 May,all,Skylark-X,$40.00 Loading Screen 10/10
76561198186837423,Not Recommended,438740,31985727,Posted: 26 May,all,Train Of THOT,dont get me wrong i like this game but its biggest flaw is the fact that me and my lover shjon cant play together on a quick play server because of slot amd matchmaking issues please fix content would be better of with this implemented.
76561197998450663,Not Recommended,438740,31985780,Posted: 26 May,all,Fleeb,"So first off, beautiful game! BUT...I've only been able to get into one match so far. It can't connect to the server. Then if I do get it to connect, it starts searching, and then freezes up my whole computer and I have to hard crash it to get it to respond. Please fix this! I've always wanted to play a game like this! If there isn't a patch soon, I guess I'll just refund it."
76561198061910271,Not Recommended,438740,32008579,Posted: 27 May,all,AboveALLskillz,i'm asking for a refund
,Recommended,438740,32065515,Posted: 30 May,all,KillerHaveSmallPeen,You will enjoy this game even with the bugs that are slowly being fixed.
76561198020015111,Recommended,438740,31979989,Posted: 26 May,all,2017ChargerR/T {IEI},"Wow, just bought it and can't even log in.....Looking like a bad investment when servers are down and you can't even play in offline modeUpdate: Things are getting better, but Jason still seems a bit o.p..But the developers have been staying busy with updates, so things are probably going to be good"
76561198011582459,Recommended,438740,32142595,Posted: 2 June,all,PaladinElmo,Buggy as hell but tons of fun
,Recommended,438740,31983353,Posted: 26 May,all,LeftyCretin,"Alright, I've played this game for almost 6 hours straight and i already feel prepared to post a review, watched the movies, played the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ NES game in my childhood and heard about this proyect since it was in early stages of developement, I never backed it just because i never thought it would survive, but seeing it in action is just amazing, although not perfect it definetly delivers on its premise, youll be in Camp Crystal Lake once again struggling to focus on not getting caught instead of admiring the tiny details, for now this proyect functions as a love letter to the fans, for there is not much to it, it just has one game mode and one way to play it, im really excited to see what it will deliver in the future, the promise of a single player mode is already out there and yes, it had its fair share of trouble at launch, but i think that nobody that truly loves gaming will complain about that, it obviously has flaws but in shure they'll be fix, This game is great, it delivers...and it beats Dead by Daylight."
,Recommended,438740,32193117,Posted: 4 June,all,I Helios I,"Played for 40 hours and I have to say i'm having a lot of fun playing it. Now i mostly only play with my friends, which makes the game more enjoyable, playing by yourself can get a little boring with the lack of communication but I have gotten some lobbys with randoms role playing making it way to funny. Point is this game is a lot better if you get it with a group of friends. Cons, game is very buggy, jason is a little op but thats a given and is it worth $40, at the moment no, I would say $20 maybe $25. Once most of the bugs are fix and hopefully free content updates get put in and there is still a community playing the game by then, then it might be worth it. The game right now is only worth $40 with a bunch of friends doing dumb stuff. Like I said what is keeping me in the game is friends, up to 8 of us and what's better than killing them off lol. If you can get past the bugs and get a group together it's a lot of fun"
76561198310960247,Recommended,438740,32745092,Posted: 24 June,all,Gage Sweet,This game is really fun and addicting! I would wait to get it though. The servers can be messed up.
76561198169844859,Recommended,438740,32645753,Posted: 22 June,all,MaGe,Very good game but need friends 10/10
76561198039441764,Recommended,438740,32825324,Posted: 26 June,all,The Lime Trees,"Especially good with friends but the bugs need addressing, especially the badges and achivements,"
76561198210116755,Recommended,438740,32017347,Posted: 28 May,all,Nick Crompton,"Still a little glichty, but otherwise superfun"
,Recommended,438740,32816924,Posted: 26 June,all,IT'S HIIIIGH NOOOON,iT'S A VERY GOOD GAME. BEST HORROR EXPERIENCE AND GREAT GRAPHICS. REALLY RECOMMEND IT :)
15498276123826712,Recommended,438740,32612494,Posted: 21 June,all,Corgiinabox,Weebtastic
76561198048083416,Recommended,438740,32625894,Posted: 21 June,all,Dr.L,"Good graphics,and is just like the movies.I recommend it.It is worth its money."
76561198075500537,Recommended,438740,32900489,Posted: 27 June,all,twitch.tv/rainbow_trout_,"play it for the people... except jason. P.S. for your own sanity, don't look at the price tag, you might have a stroke."
,Recommended,438740,32917017,Posted: 28 June,all,Ima Raypist,this game is great and i love it
76561198392858172,Recommended,438740,32140276,Posted: 2 June,all,ItsYaGalBrandi <3,Love it!! A lot of glitches but the awesome fun in this game covers the glitches up!
76561198018667116,Recommended,438740,33011497,Posted: 29 June,all,Raccoon,Tommy Jarvis is a more dangerous threat than Jason Voorhees.10/10 would get shot by Tommy again
76561198351786643,Recommended,438740,32823796,Posted: 26 June,all,StarBorgPlays,this game crashes alot. its really fun but i cant finish even 1 game.
76561198106015965,Recommended,438740,32822625,Posted: 26 June,all,﴾ L ﴿,ace
76561198183442573,Recommended,438740,32577826,Posted: 19 June,all,Sowy,Spoopy thats all
76561198056405761,Recommended,438740,31993105,Posted: 27 May,all,L A R G E B O Y E,"Fun game. Performance a bit sluggish though. Here's hoping for some optimization patches. Developers are active and involved with the community if that's one of your questions. All in all a solid buy. Price was a bit high but then again, they will be adding a single-player for free in a couple of months. It is gonna be in a Hitman style campaign. wOULD RECCOMEND."
76561197974501075,Recommended,438740,32000629,Posted: 27 May,all,Endless Nameless,"Pretty solid game.  Many different ways to win; some are easier or more effective than others, some are made easier by spawn location of players or items.  Driving the car is difficult, as it handles like a wounded goat high on meth while also studying juggling and the viola, but when you juke past Jason, crash, duck out of the car, dodge or stun Jason, and ALL manage to get back into the car AND escape...well, you know what game life truly is.  Side note:  the guy we left behind...sorry, man...only 4 seats.This is a superior game when compared to Dead by Daylight.  You know Jason is OP.  You know if he sees you that you are probably going to die.  But there are numerous mechanics at work that can help or hinder you, including teamwork and fear management.  Too many people complain that they can't win, or Jason rolls them, or they just flat out suck at life.  Move on.  The game isn't supposed to be easy.  The devs flat-out said before release that they planned on no more than 1 to 3 survivors making it out.  And most games I've played, assuming there are survivors, there have been 2 to 5 survivors.  I also have to assume the whiners and complainers are bitter because they can't crawl in and out of obstacles or windows and keep Jason in a never-ending loop like SOME OTHER GAMES WE WON'T MENTION BECAUSE THOSE OTHER GAMES ARE TERRIBLE.He's gonna teleport and put his spear/machete/pick-axe/axe/boot in your♥♥♥♥♥  One way or the other.  Suck it up and drive on, airborne, the car/boat/phone isn't going to fix itself.Yes, there are some bugs.  ALL games have bugs, and with the exception of the login and patch issues going on, the bugs are acceptable.  I've been run over by my own team by accident a few times and laughed about it.  I've accidently shot my team-mate twice trying to knock down Jason, and we all moved on with our lives.If you want easy mode, go play something else.  If you want a fun challenge with a lot of folks from around the world who love the movies and the atmosphere, then this game is for you.I would, however, like to request more maps soon, as well as more player clothes or customization options.  While I can dig the clothing unlocks as you level up (which, thankfully, don't cost customization points...), I'd still like more options.  Maybe coat AND shirt AND hats AND different shoe-styles or something.  Or even period clothes.  A larger mix of the heights of fashion from the '50s, '70s, and '80s.Also, another side note:  aside from some booze cans, some tasteful side-boob splash-screens, one partially-covered butt-crevice splashscreen, and one under-wear/pre-skinny-dipping splashscreen, the game is pretty tame.  Relatively.  Yes, lots of hilarious wanton violence, but really...we've seen worse in games and movies.Props to the devs and producers and staff.  Met Kane Hodder once, helluva nice guy.  Watched the films when I was 5 years old, and re-watch them from time to time because good slasher flicks that aren't torture porn just aren't made anymore."
,Not Recommended,438740,32189663,Posted: 4 June,all,Sam Hamwich,"I hate giving a game with such potential a bad review, but I want to warn anyone who may be interested in picking it up to at least wait.This game is very fun in concept, but the end result is frustration from glitches, poor mechanics and releasing once again, an unfinsihed product.Getting stuck on objects, odd design desicions(allowing players lock out game winning objects), and poor hardware infrastructre leave this game currently on my no play (at least non private matches) list.In short, wait for the patches, I'm sure it will be good, but currently it's very frustrating."
76561198396392657,Recommended,438740,32526589,Posted: 17 June,all,I'm Shook,Definitely scary and I LOVE IT!!
,Not Recommended,438740,32168621,Posted: 3 June,all,Forgewolf,"I REALLY wished we could do neutral reviews, because this would be considered a neutral review.Pros:-Very little to no game breaking bugs-Jason looks and feels like a killing machine-Has given me new appreciation for what Dead by Daylight is.-Jason has several kill style animations you can select from. You can only have four on any single version.-The community in-game is vocal and will certainely give you some entertainment for what they say, how they say it and when.-I like how both the Survivors and Jason have unique weaknesses and Strenghts. A little something for every play style out there.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------Cons:-Jason's Sniper grab-Three maps only? What?-Achievements are broken and won't unlock-Lack of content (Things to find or do. No alternative game modes)-I have never seen the damn boat propeler yet! Nor escaped via boat-There isn't a whole lot of map interaction for either the Survivors or Jason-The price of this game should NOT be $40 for what we get.. maybe $20-30?-Some players are using exploit tactics against cerntain Jasons. Granted its not cheating, but you can tell they are doing it just to tick off Jason, causing him to quit. Such as loop through a building and somehow able to negate Jason's melee attacks.-You feel you are forced to stick around in a match after you are dead if you want to earn that extra 500 exp.. Shouldn't that Exp be for playing, with either surviving or dying? Why can't we move on to another round already, you know?"
76561198054030778,Not Recommended,438740,32098784,Posted: 31 May,all,Near528,Rough strat
76561198133513059,Recommended,438740,32190348,Posted: 4 June,all,Grillymore,One of my friends is too poor for this game. Donate money to the Jerpyj fund.
,Recommended,438740,32360970,Posted: 12 June,all,Pure それを手に入れよう,if you love getting killed by people this is the game for you.this game is so fun if you have a mic.8.5/10
76561198045304856,Recommended,438740,32223028,Posted: 6 June,all,ILOVEHENTAI<3,fun
76561198059697885,Recommended,438740,32391977,Posted: 13 June,all,DEDEDED,Very nice♥♥♥♥
76561198315374960,Recommended,438740,32222105,Posted: 6 June,all,Dylanaatje,it keeps glitching out for me.. some help me please
,Not Recommended,438740,32728551,Posted: 24 June,all,marv,You cannot change the key bindings at the moment. Because it is 2017 and such sophisticated features take time
,Recommended,438740,32032359,Posted: 28 May,all,Eliphas the Inheritor,"Out of the sea of negative comments, this game is seriously good.Obviously since it's been recently released there are a multitude of players, unlike Dead by Deadlight.Chances of getting Jason are slim BUT least you can set preference as Jason, Councilers or either.Personally this game has some serious replayability even with the short amount of playtime I've racked up; every game seems completely different because of the ways you can escape, the teamwork coming from friendlys AND the Jason player himself.Furthermore the community seems to be extremely friendly; what do you expect from a casual multiplayer horror game.10/10 Would kill someone in a fire again."
76561198178511101,Recommended,438740,33300813,Posted: 5 July,all,Macca,It's fun. If you're an Aussie don't bother though you will just be put in the same sever with Asians and it is really annoying to play a game where you can't understand people.
,Recommended,438740,32056387,Posted: 29 May,all,TripodGG,"Overall, this is a good game.  People seem to forget that its still new, and many games have issues when they first drop.  DBD was no different, and took several months before it was playable.  Im sure this will be no different.  Pick it up now and deal with the small issues to earn the experience that others will miss out on."
76561198311240713,Recommended,438740,32535683,Posted: 18 June,all,Darkl0rd0f,This is a very good game alot of effort put in to make it
,Recommended,438740,33085733,Posted: 1 July,all,akaGrid,I would recommand this game. Its crazy fun when you have people that talk. Its awesome that you can actually talk to each other plus the killer. The only problem is the game is still buggy. But i know it will get worked out and patched. But it still is a good time. If you have the extra money id pick it up if i was you.
76561198256371824,Recommended,438740,33104543,Posted: 1 July,all,Jake Granger,A super fun game to play alone or with friends. Only 1 or 2 out of  10 matches lag
76561198042591605,Recommended,438740,32400796,Posted: 13 June,all,sideswipe,These is a pretty awesome game of hide and seek! Gotta work together to get the escape stuff going and if you're really great you can kill Jason! I love this game!
76561198016073999,Recommended,438740,33290034,Posted: 5 July,all,Zongo,"A fun and challenging game (depending on the jason and the counselors) that is best played with friends.The idea of the game is pretty straight forward so a straight forward review seems fitting.If you have friends that play this game and wonder if you should buy it at $40, you should. It's a blast.If you intend to play almost entirely with randoms and are a huge fan of the series, buy it.If you dont like the series, and don't intend to play with friends, right now, it's just not worth it. $40 for one game mode. The developers plan to add a lot more for free so if you decide not to buy the game now, put it on your wishlist and when you get the email that it's 25% off or whatver, chances are there will be more to the game.As far as stability goes, I haven't had it crash in about a week. An update as of June 28th took care of about half of the pressing issues. the last few are some glitch spots which are pretty uncommon in my experience, and wheen someone dies while installing a key item, theres a good chance the ground will eat it. Honestly not big problems as they are pretty uncommon and there are a lot of ways to escape, just not typically easilly.Bottom line-Playing with friends? Buy it.Not playing with friends? Wait till its on the cheap, unless your'e a big fan."
76561198340560522,Recommended,438740,33063305,Posted: 30 June,all,SPIDERMAN(スパイダーマン),起動時にファイルが見つからないとのエラーが出てゲームプレイすら出来ない不具合を早く直してください！
,Recommended,438740,33066687,Posted: 30 June,all,water bro gamingYT,"A game just like dead by daylight but way and i mean way better.Jason/killer Objective: kill everyoneCounselors/runners Objective: Escape at any means necessarySo this game is the same well the concept is not the game playFriday the 13th is a game of 9 players-8 players where the killer plays the jasons from the movies from the first game which was in the 80s or late 70s to the 3rd movie to the 9th movie with jason goes to hell which i dont know what number movie that is and thats it. Jason has to kill everyone in order to win and what makes his job fun is the fact that you kill people with gory fatalities. The Rest of the 7-8 players play as Counselors and their job is to escape by. Getting the parts for the 2 cars, Getting the parts for the boat, and last but not least, Killing jason, yes the killer who cant die can in fact die but its hard if its legit. How do you this?? Well the Counselors Have to go to cabins and other buildings to search for things that ether. Help escape like parts, Calling police or tommy, or help them fight back against jason. In the end you ether die trying or escape and live to tell the tale for 40$ like i paid i think its worth it. To watching tons of videos of this game to then unbox a ibuypower computer and now can run the game and play like i wished i could.Get the game, its 40$ but to me i think its still worth it. come play with me if you do tend to get it."
,Recommended,438740,33129482,Posted: 2 July,all,MagicTurtle1705,I Like
76561198015880068,Recommended,438740,32519251,Posted: 17 June,all,Cry Cry Wolf,It's kind of like Battlegrounds in the sense that you run around and loot cabins. It's a good game to help you sleep or rest your eyes and chill because it's always so dark and the crickets and porch lights look nice when you turn the game gamma down a notch. Battlegrounds can be bright and energizing so this is nice for a different vibe. It can help somebodies fears to whoop jasons♥♥♥♥♥or even be cathartic to play as jason.
,Recommended,438740,33192744,Posted: 3 July,all,Vinny,Uh teamwork machine broke
76561198148087378,Recommended,438740,33063629,Posted: 30 June,all,Left Nut Jim,Great game just needs a ranking system so it can be more challenging
76561198199264377,Recommended,438740,33104726,Posted: 1 July,all,BDotNinja,Really good game. If I had a better computer it would probably be awesome. Lag city homies.
,Recommended,438740,33158553,Posted: 2 July,all,Hellh0und316,Great Game Yes there are still bugs but with the right community its really fun Keep in mind this game is still a work in progress it will get better with age well worth the cost
,Recommended,438740,33163990,Posted: 2 July,all,ZWIFT,"""if you like a horror movies or a horror games . This game is highly recommend ! ""Graphics 4/5Gameplay 3.5/5Contents 3/5Ki Ki Ki Ki .... Ma Ma Ma Ma ....."
,Recommended,438740,33203510,Posted: 3 July,all,Big Booty Judy,"Great game! There are definitely some things to be fixed. For example, Jason's grab is nearly impossible to free yourself from unless you have a pocket knife or an ally to help you out. Other than that, though, I think this game is 10/10. I have a lot of fun with the people in the community and find the game super fun!"
,Recommended,438740,33213376,Posted: 3 July,all,BTSVSEXO.RUBEN,Nice game
76561198306132693,Recommended,438740,33228747,Posted: 4 July,all,Andrei,VERY ICE THE GAME
76561198340663310,Recommended,438740,33063225,Posted: 30 June,all,JcSmith28,"Fun, scary, and exciting."
76561198195842329,Recommended,438740,33084220,Posted: 1 July,all,Red Vader Gamer,"I am a huge Friday The 13th fan! and let me tell you. on xbox, this game sucks. but it isnt about xbox. its about steam. it is honestly the best on PC. i love every second of it. and the nice part is, you dont even have to watch the movies to even understand anything. sure all of the maps might get you thinking ""why are all the maps on camps"". well, i dont want to spoil that for you. if you want to know the back story of jason or why all of the maps take place on camps. look it up! but if your one of those people who really dont even care. then play the game! i would rate this game 8/10. there are some times where the game glitches or sometimes the game your in might crash. otherwise, this game is a blast! if you like games that are fun, but also intense. this game is just for you. also, i recommend you get some friends to play with on this game. if you play alone, it isnt as fun because you dont get to enjoy killing your friends or even escaping with your friends. playing as jason, you get awesome abilitys and awesome ways of having your own jason kills! if you do like these kinds of games..... GET THE GAME!!!"
,Recommended,438740,33140099,Posted: 2 July,all,LordTurki,"just add more maps, characters,  and few things such new weapon place to hide to reach  perfection"
,Recommended,438740,32056727,Posted: 29 May,all,ReloadLastSave dotcom,"Now that the game is up and running and I've been able to play it, I feel that I can leave a more acurate review.In short: This game is fun for a group of friends, gets right what most games in the genre get wrong, a treat for fans of the films, and actually scary.I have played similar games to this one, or at least ones similar in theory, but this is the only style of game like this that has polished gameplay for both the victims and the killer.Esentially, as the victims, you scrounge around looking for tools to escape. These can be items to that will help start a car or boat or a way to contact the police. Here is what sets it apart from other games: the maps to each level are huge. You have allot of territory to cover and just as many hiding places from the killer.Similar games have made me feel clostrophobic while playing, and not in a good way that ramps up the tension. Rather, they just frustrated me and made me feel like my characters death was inevitable and cheap. With this game, you can frantically run through the woods despertley trying to lose Jason, stumbling around or running out of breath. There is a thrill when you escape him, but if/when you get caught it dosen't seem unfair.This game gets it right. I hear people screaming ""OH NO STAY BACK!"" or ""NO NO NO NO NO"" frequently while Jason breaks the door down to a cabin many players are in. I've seen players give up their own lives to distract Jason so other players can make a run for it and potentially escape. I've seen players shoot at Jason only to accidently miss and kill a fellow camper Jason was stangling. I've frantically tried to get a wrecked car to start as Jason creeped behind us while ominous music swelled, only to have it start at the last second and drive away.All in all, if you like the films, or want a fun game to play with friends with genuine scares that come from the frantic nature of the gameplay rather than a jumpscare in a cutscene, this is a good purchase.Especially now that it's working."
76561198026380090,Recommended,438740,32578733,Posted: 19 June,all,Kaioo,"Like, Bro, it's a fun camping trip for you and your pals to go to.Shame about the local weirdo, but my Papaw owns the lake so it's all good."
,Recommended,438740,32579094,Posted: 19 June,all,Royale Au Fromage,Love it.
76561197976888452,Recommended,438740,33297264,Posted: 5 July,all,Fletch,Amazing!  We've all asked for a jason game for years.  Not many people could have done such a great job...New content will be amazing.   Game play can be extremly entertaining.  anyone who is annoyed with the minor issues the game has right now was never a true jason fan and did not live in the 80's
,Recommended,438740,32668790,Posted: 23 June,all,Mökkitie,What could I say about this game? It's Dead by daylight with 8 players and voice chat. And it's ♥♥♥♥ing hilarious.Only problem I have with it is that Steam achievements dont work on me for some reason.10/10 would Jason again
76561198071918682,Recommended,438740,32242612,Posted: 7 June,all,Death Dealer,Fun game to play with friends
,Recommended,438740,33166026,Posted: 2 July,all,Thatch,A little clunky/buggy at times but overall a really fun game worth the sale price.
76561198335642005,Recommended,438740,33330680,Posted: 6 July,all,MartianMello,:D
76561198275471665,Recommended,438740,32537580,Posted: 18 June,all,j.worsley4,this game is great it includes horror and gore and it is an amasing game to play because they give you the option to be jason and a survior also you can have diffrent jasons onely a few of these things great never mind the rest
76561198020356298,Recommended,438740,33070074,Posted: 30 June,all,walmartdeal,It's pretty fun. Hoping for a lot more variety in the future. Overall worth if for me.
76561198084397555,Recommended,438740,33189717,Posted: 3 July,all,Flynntastical,"Spawned next to massive houseJason morphs and starts attacking everyone around the houseClutch repair the carFound a fuse, a pocket knife, and med sprayDidn't have enough room for car keys so gave it to someoneCan't find fuse boxOnly 4 players remainingI find the fuse and call the policeI check the minimap and notice 2 people are escaping in the carRefuse to pick me up although i'm right next to exitI hide out in an attempt to wait out policeJason finds me and the last playerJason says he won't kill meI trust him as I wouldn't be able to surviveHe kills the other player and walks up to meHe lets me stun him and tells me to run the exitHe realized i got screwed overThis game is amazing when you are playing with people with mics and even without is a superb game that only needs a few changes to be 10/10"
,Recommended,438740,33192261,Posted: 3 July,all,LAZER,sucky
,Recommended,438740,33264879,Posted: 5 July,all,Certified Panda Handler,"This game is well worth the price of admision despite what others say. Sure it has it's bugs which have mostly been fixed at the time of this review, but despite the bugs you'll find yourself having hours upon hours of enjoyment."
76561198147343721,Recommended,438740,33062418,Posted: 30 June,all,YT-Mr.115,"I have been playing this game for quite a while now, and not going to lie this game is really fun and I really recommend you to try it. A lot of people that been reviewing this game say that Jason is way too overpowered. But in the movie is Jason is meant to be overpowered. And really Jason's not even overpowered I have survived this game more than I have died in the game and when I have played as Jason I do not feel overpowered. And if you're coming from dead by daylight this game feels more balanced and better. Another thing that people complain or the game breaking bugs and yes his game is not perfect but they have recently made a patch and it has fixed some really big exploit. If you're a fan of the movies or just into horror I really recommend you to give his game and try and story mode is coming soon."
76561198140414956,Recommended,438740,33249599,Posted: 4 July,all,TheGuyYouDontWantOnYourTeam,I hate this game and love it at the same time.10/10 would trashtalk Jason again until he ragequits
76561198399435688,Recommended,438740,33127333,Posted: 2 July,all,BatGin,my game wont start up
,Recommended,438740,33126550,Posted: 2 July,all,JEFK,7/10 lack of content
,Recommended,438740,33204754,Posted: 3 July,all,Knife To Meet You,The idea of this game is great but it has many bugs and errors. I hope it will evolve in the future.
76561198068110106,Recommended,438740,33071352,Posted: 30 June,all,AaronWadeBiot,If you can look past the terrible ping in some of the lobbies and find a good group to play with then you can lose hours into this game. It's absolutely the most fun I have had playing online in awhile. $40 is a bit too steep for what the game offers now but with the arrival of single player modes and more it will hopefully make the purhase a bit more worth it.
76561198023818066,Recommended,438740,33260288,Posted: 4 July,all,Hentai Connoisseur,fun game
76561198170061150,Recommended,438740,32519292,Posted: 17 June,all,Sad by Daylight,"I bought this game even though i read many reviews telling that counsellors teaming with the killer ruin the game as well as many glitches. i bought the game 1 month after the release and i did only one bug yet that the car can spin and lock in a rock if you drive off the road... besides that i really love this game. i just feel jason is slightly too strong (although i escape him regularly) because of his shift+grab combo. i would strongly recommend this game even as dbd fan (u c my name ^^) . 40$ is quite much, 25$ would be fair but still a very well designed game"
76561198173503050,Recommended,438740,33107513,Posted: 1 July,all,Slush,10/10 would kill all counselors using one ability again
76561198062037481,Recommended,438740,33176616,Posted: 3 July,all,Lieutenant Dan,"I've played through a few matches so far and I've had an absolute blast. This game is a ton of fun to play since the developers recently released patch updates. Highly recommend checking this out with friends, but maybe wait until that price does lower a bit too - Loving this game!"
76561198219991615,Recommended,438740,33188073,Posted: 3 July,all,William Fergus III,This is an amazing game!!!!! It is very scary and very challenging. It is a great tema effort game that requires strategy. I highly recommend it.
,Not Recommended,438740,31980111,Posted: 26 May,all,Frosti The Broman,"buy game, download game, try to connect, login connection failure. retunring game."
76561198326771270,Recommended,438740,32604827,Posted: 20 June,all,Jalen,Its good
76561198127249626,Recommended,438740,31988485,Posted: 26 May,all,[RoS] UrNxT,"wow this is fun, well worth the wait!!!"
76561198072204343,Recommended,438740,31988047,Posted: 26 May,all,[IFN]Petra[SM],"I love this game. It has a amazing community, they are all funny. Just give it a try."
76561198097592075,Recommended,438740,31988062,Posted: 26 May,all,ZAW77,Pros+ Large level design+ Many versions of Jason to choose from with strengths and weaknesses+ Quick matchmakingCons- Clunky interation interface- no singleplayer (so far)- Party matchmaking can be inconsistent???Needs more maps and add bots for singleplayer
76561198301349782,Recommended,438740,31988149,Posted: 26 May,all,RecklessJokerz,one of the best games i have ever played
76561198063577968,Recommended,438740,32122279,Posted: 1 June,all,she HYUCC me,"The social aspect of this game is what makes it. I've seen Jasons spare counselors for spitting dope freestyles, telling jokes, etc. Super fun in its own right, but fun players make the game."
,Recommended,438740,32188945,Posted: 4 June,all,Grincubus,"Will admit, the launch for this game was a bit, uh, not good, but overall I'm loving it! It's an amazing game considering such a small team made this game, and it actually can be scary! Games such as DbD do have a scare factor to them, but after a while of gameplay, the horror begins to fade. Not in Friday the 13th though! The voice proximity of the game also contributes to how great it is! This game is a steal for $40, and as of now, I am sitting at 70 hours and HIGHLY recommend the game to anyone loving horror based games, and even those who aren't!!!"
,Recommended,438740,32046865,Posted: 29 May,all,Machine Spirit,"After a very bad launch the devs finally pulled through and have fixed all the issues so I decided to post a new review recommending the game because this game really deserves it, it’s an insane amount of fun. I can’t add much more than the longer reviews as to why this game plays so well but having put in 40+ hours so far I can say the game keeps offering varied enough gameplay and hilarious situations that it has kept my interest just as much as it did my first few games. Playing as either a counsellor or Jason, the gameplay feels fresh and exciting. I think the devs have really hit on something here and I am looking forward to whatever new content the devs have in mind, but tbh what we have for the asking price is more than sufficient imo."
,Not Recommended,438740,32005776,Posted: 27 May,all,Reaper,When a game starts all I see is the intro when the game starts its steel on there
76561198179360389,Recommended,438740,32011827,Posted: 27 May,all,快递员1号,"pretty good but if there is a chinese vision and booster the human""s  power that would be great"
76561198141128218,Recommended,438740,31971151,Posted: 26 May,all,✪Mr.BatClown✅hellcase.com,This game is fun and i recommend it.
,Recommended,438740,32542597,Posted: 18 June,all,Xena Warrior Aim,"LaChappa is King, Level 25 Paladin that has watched every naruto episode known to man including the dubbed japanese verisons. Carries a Kunai and a Katana, Jason will Parish. [LaChappa is a fat guy with glasses, based off of Friday the 13th Part 3, Charcater Shelly]All i've really got to say about this game. IS ITS FUN AF"
,Not Recommended,438740,32351035,Posted: 11 June,all,ClaMan,SummerCamp.exe error ...Nothing more 2 say about it....
76561198011349174,Recommended,438740,32047347,Posted: 29 May,all,Glenn,Its good yes.
,Recommended,438740,32114368,Posted: 1 June,all,SandZ,"I give it 8/10Great fun, would highly recommend it to those gamers looking for something a little different from the normal FPS games. However the game doesn't come without its downsides which I do hope the developer addressing in future updates such as the lack of customised control features & limited long term gameplay.Positive points:1. Concept is great although very similar to Dead By Daylight.2. Jason animations are super & you do feel as if you are at Camp Crystal Lake from the original horror films.3. Great game to play with friend on a Saturday night without all the stress of competitive play, just buckets of fun.4. The 3D world & graphics are decent & up to today's standards.5. The upgrades keep you playing for the time being.Negative points:1. No ability to customise your controls.2. Just the 3 maps, this may change but for now it's a little repetitive.3. Games like this after a whilst can becoming boring quickly, I hope the developer keeps adding new features to keep the game live.4. Not fully convinced the game balance of Jason over the counsellors is right, Jason seems to be 'overpowered' in my view and I question whether you stand any real chance of hiding under beds or in cupboards when he seems to be able to locate you within seconds by his sense. Even if you do get caught & manage to escape you can't out run him & your only hope is to hop in & out of windows all night long hoping the clock runs down. I would love to see the hiding & fear factor play out more.It will be interesting to see whether this game or Dead By Daylight ends up winning the battle of the best horror survival game. Although Dead By Daylight is far more polished & I feel has greater fear factor Friday 13th has the legend of horror himself and that alone scores a big hit until Freddy is released!"
,Recommended,438740,32309306,Posted: 9 June,all,Mr. Poopybutthole,fun if you play with people with mics
,Not Recommended,438740,32565444,Posted: 19 June,all,oissi,"bugs/exploits/problemsgame crash every time when i play as jason (never complete match as jason)crashes when play as counselorsome perks dont workstupid perks rollprogress (cp/xp) sometimes doesn't savesome stupid moments/balance at a game mechanicsfights is awful,  and doesn't work at the momentthis game still in EA stage. you are free beta tester."
,Recommended,438740,32349039,Posted: 11 June,all,rojolane,it's an epic game and i would definetly recommend this game to friends
76561198349021375,Recommended,438740,32349689,Posted: 11 June,all,Chad Kensington,This game is amazing
76561198387553361,Recommended,438740,32422806,Posted: 14 June,all,lil.tree,10/10IGN.com
76561198339346709,Recommended,438740,32279737,Posted: 8 June,all,nawaf,good game with unfair price
,Recommended,438740,32436001,Posted: 15 June,all,Batman,"I live the game, allthough it is still in development and there are many glitches and bugs but overall it is a great game, It has the element of surprise, horror and thrill in it. Loved it, would totally recommend it."
,Recommended,438740,32384044,Posted: 13 June,all,Isshi,"The best survival horror game ever!I was thinking to refund if the game is boring But I was stupid it is really fun XDI been playing Dead by Daynight mainly for a while But I can say Friday the 13th is even better than that Because It has better graphics,atmosphere,bgm,etc..and you dont't need to repair goddamn generators I was getting so tired of that lolIf you like DBD or other survival horror games and be interested in FT13Th,You should buy it!"
76561198269247152,Recommended,438740,31982538,Posted: 26 May,all,Chubby Chocolate,GREAT GAME BUT HAVE TROUBLE GETTING INTO A MATCH WITH FREINDS
,Recommended,438740,32086505,Posted: 31 May,all,Squiddy G,"I tried to talk it out with part 3 Jason and I got a reply which was ""Talk to the axe""then I got neutered"
76561198131566140,Recommended,438740,32429372,Posted: 15 June,all,wolfwing33,♥♥♥♥ing love the game ive only had 2 glitches that effect gameplay(so far) and its just ♥♥♥♥ing amazing thats all I have to say.
,Not Recommended,438740,32186776,Posted: 4 June,all,Spiderian,I got this game all excited. In the first two days I had multiple hot fixes and updates and about a week later I died trapped in an invisable box with no end in sight for having this game running well. I'm going to try and return it and maybe in a few months when they finish fixing it I'll pick it up again.
,Not Recommended,438740,32271752,Posted: 8 June,all,RedWolf,"The game is buggy sure, but it's fun as hell and as annoying as the occasional glitch can be, in the most part this is one of the most enjoyable games I have played for a long time. The Devs claim to be hard at work (Lies) trying to fix the glitches and will very soon be adding more content, and even though £30 is quite high for a buggy game, It's fun at times --- wait for a sale as the developers are downright ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
76561198046741373,Recommended,438740,33770766,Posted: 24 July,all,Maria,"I must say I really like this game, but kids are killing this game. It's good game BUT only with friends. Pubs are just ♥♥♥♥ed up."
,Recommended,438740,31987840,Posted: 26 May,all,FrontlinerDelta,"Game is fun. I'm not even a fan of horror movies and I enjoy it as a nice alternative to Dead By Daylight. We need more asymmetrical multiplayer games.Buuuut, after having played a fair number of games the night of release with no problem, today the game is borked. Servers are mostly down, over half of us can't login and the devs haven't posted any kind of update since the morning.We have no idea if they're even in the office at this point or just threw up their hands and went home to enjoy their 3 day weekend.So can't recommend due to poor communication skills.EDIT: Devs have now been posting updates every day with actual explanations of the problem and how they plan to fix it. This is all I wanted from them. I now can recommend the game (especially sine many of the launch issues have been fixed now)."
76561198354156678,Recommended,438740,32666160,Posted: 22 June,all,Crawdad,Not bad.
76561198308617103,Recommended,438740,32008808,Posted: 27 May,all,jt2021,game works good game needs to be in vr .
,Recommended,438740,31987812,Posted: 26 May,all,Tales From The Dark Side,"As a fan of the series since the movies first came out I am very sadden to see such little content at launch but the game is fun, Oh! and btw only 3 maps???I really hope they add more content and fix the issues with the game, as it is this game is not worth $40 atm , I'm hoping for updates and added content."
76561198043338576,Recommended,438740,32229264,Posted: 6 June,all,InevitableDemise,Really great game can see myself playing this year or more later.
76561198057005563,Not Recommended,438740,32454385,Posted: 15 June,all,B M0N3Y 420,"This game is really fun but its basically an excersize in how much lag you're willing to tolerate. My rig meets the specs to run this game and I constantly get frame rate issues which totally ruins the game for me. I run it on low and still get the same issue. So thumbs down for producing a lag fest of a game but with that said, this game is super fun so if you have a really high end rig its most likely worth the purchase. If you have a rig that's a few years older skip this and buy something else."
,Not Recommended,438740,32019452,Posted: 28 May,all,Drizzle,"So far its pretty bad... Stuck at level 1 even after 10 games, a lot of crashes, always dies because of the fucckin stamina its frustrating as HELL, i could take an other character, oh yeah no i'm still stuck at level 1 even after the ""patch"".This game really need a fix.UPDATE:The level glitch is fixed but it's still a very frustrating gameplay unfortunately... also i played around more than 30 games at this time and played Jason only one time even if i pick Jason in the customization menu... otherwise when i ""played"" as Jason, the keyboard control was somehow stuck, so i had to quit cause i couldn't use the powers.There is some potential but it still remains very frustating."
76561198028330073,Not Recommended,438740,32804493,Posted: 26 June,all,Xile,idk the game concept is pretty b.a but just gets boring super fast. its just meh. it doesnt strike as fun and its super repetitive. just an opinion thats all.
76561198320391740,Not Recommended,438740,32828017,Posted: 26 June,all,DragonD5000,I am always getting error msvcp140.dllIDK how to fix itSo plz fix this error
,Not Recommended,438740,32713919,Posted: 23 June,all,AceLeatherFace,My first review ever and this game is a sack of♥♥♥♥♥♥i want my refund
76561198391865188,Not Recommended,438740,31983633,Posted: 26 May,all,dsteele,Does the choppiness stop? The game is unplayable in this state
76561198170142907,Not Recommended,438740,32259540,Posted: 7 June,all,DrAwEsOm66,"Cant even get the game to start and says im missing files and I dont knwo how to fix it, very dissapointing"
,Not Recommended,438740,32715903,Posted: 24 June,all,Slate_Bae,"as of right now I would not recomenned but I'm almost 100% positive that on a later date I would.Here's the thing, if you love the FT13th franchise, love the horor genre and love survival type games this is the game for you. However, with that being said this game is overpriced as of right now. It's very clunky and glitchy almost to the point where you think this is in Beta mode instead of a $40 game. If you can hold off till this game is either on sale or has DLC's, or extra content or gameplay is my best advice.  Long-term I can see this game being stellar to play and a great addition to anyone's steam library. I look forward to the creators to fix issues and add more depth, gameplay, features and customization options. It is simply too clunky and only has the bare bones.As far as gameplay goes I will say that Jason is a tad over powered once you get more skins and customizations. However, that doesn't matter too much due to the simple fun of trying to hide or escape from Jason and the additional customization of counslers. Counslers are pretty evened out and have a player style for everyone. If you enjoy passive styles such as hiding, sneeking and esaping there are counslers for you. If you like  more agressive styles such as attacking, tricking  and, protecting there is a player model for you. My only complaint is that both black characters start off with low intelligence and high physical traits. reason being that taps into a bad sterotype. But, this can be changed due to the customization methods of cp earning. This game is missing a what I like to call ""newbie zone"" for beginners. I say this as first time players can have a hard time getting used to the interworkings of the game and understanding the differnt game styles and techniques. A lobby for newbies to get their feet wet would be great. game lobbies by gaming level would be helpfu in general, lobbies such as beginners, intermediate, advanced players and mixed bag.I will say that two issues in terms of the community would be mic spamming and trolling.If you can tolerate players who mic spam and troll I don't think your gameplay will be too negitively impacted. A simple reporting, boot or kudos system would help curb mic spamming and trolling."
,Not Recommended,438740,32037241,Posted: 29 May,all,߷TheSpoi߷,This game is my biggest waste of time and money
76561198146788265,Not Recommended,438740,32222362,Posted: 6 June,all,HeroSprite,"This game has alot of bugs and glitches, as well a crashing alot on my ALIENWARE AREA 51, christ, fix this game or im not the only one doing negative reviews."
76561198027905286,Not Recommended,438740,32087492,Posted: 31 May,all,cronnoponno,"EDIT: Due to recent moderation drama where a developer abused his mod powers to show favoritism towards a certain group, I have changed my review to a negative. Based on the evidence I have seen(that the developers were very quick to remove) I believe that the mods have taken a step too far and abused their powers to ban a specific individual for insulting another, when every party involved was just as responsible.They did not ban the other person because they ''knew the devs'' which the dev in question admitted to.  The entire case is fishy andthe developer in question is throwing out generic insults and accusing the person he banned for being a pedophile and is showing absolutely no owning-up to making a biased ruling.  Despite that, I still think this is a good game but I do not want any further association with such an immature development team.  If you do not care about this drama, feel free to ignore this. If you are scared you could be banned for any minor infraction simply because the people you are playing against ''know the developers'' think carefully before you spend 40$ on this game, because the guy who got banned has now bought a virtual 40$ brick for this.Feel free to read the rest of the review if you don't care about this, until this situation is resolved I will keep my review to a negative one, this type of attitude is reprehensible.Since we all know you want to know how this game differs from the Multiplayer Horror Survival game: Dead by Daylight. lets do that.DBD:Killer is arguably underpowered at high rank, really good at low rank.Survivors can eventually overcome their fear of the killer and juke them for an entire match.DBD has a much bigger variety of killers compared to the 9 versions of Jason you can play as.DBD is arguably more grindyDBD is cheaper at an entrypoint, but if you want the DLC for the game you need to pay pretty close to this games starting price. It is possible through an RNG system to get perks from DLC characters that you do not have(this can be unlikely if you're desiring a very specific perk).  People who do not own DLC's are not prohibited from playing in DLC maps.  It is also possible to ''demo'' a DLC character, as players who do not own the DLC can find an ultra-rare item that lets them play as a specific DLC character for that match.This can become problematic however, as they are perkless(which is a death sentence in high rank gameplay), and the items themselves clog up the players bloodweb(a procedurally generated ''skill'' tree of sorts which is where the EXP earned in the game is spent).  Not owning the DLC can doom you to receiving countless offerings on killers you don't want to play as, where Ebony Memento Mori's could have been in their place instead.DBD has had a year of time and patches, nerfs, fixes, and such. It had a very glitchy release just as this game has.Survivors are only unique in DBD by their teachable perks, once that is learned every survivor is the same.DBD has a slight advantage on map variety, although this is mostly for looks. Most maps play exactly the same.DBD has a ranking system.DBD only has one winning condition for each team. Escape, or kill.F13:Jason is overpowered. Instead of learning how to juke him and infinite keep him busy through pallets, a combination of resource management and luck are required to stall him.40 bucks (I earlier had this at 50 bucks. It was a typo, I'm sorry.  A lot of comments on this review seem to be completely fixated on the fact I made this typo)Maps are much larger than they are in DBD. However every map looks very similar to one-another. There are 3 maps but they're all based around a summer camp and consequently don't feel very different from one-another.There are many ways to ''win'' as a survivor. You can escape by car, repair a power switch to call the police and escape by them, repair a boat and escape with that, wait for the timer to pass 20 minutes, or the most unlikely....kill Jason himself. You will probably never accomplish this in a public match, or against a Jason that is actually trying.Each survivor has distinct stats from one-another with their own pros and cons.Perks in this game usually have a negative side-effect to offset the advantage it gives. This locks some characters out of perks. Having a perk that has a stealth penalty on a stealth character is a bad idea.So far it is seemingly impossible to ''infinite loop''.  Jason can grab environmental objects(throwing knives) and throw them at survivors who loop you around, Jason can also break windows and the glass shards will injure survivors who dive through them, Survivors also build up fear by staying in the dark or being around Jason which causes them to trip over themselves and have significantly reduced stamina regeneration.There are about 8 versions of Jason to play as, 9 if you backed the game on kickstarter. The developers current stance is that they will NEVER release this backer version of him as a form of DLC.You can use weapons to ''fight back'' against Jason.  This is a risky bet but it can pay off with a stun on Jason.DLC is supposedly planned.YOU CAN SEE YOUR PING AND EVERYONE ELSES.This game comes with voice chat, and outright encourages it. The game is balanced around the assumption that you can communicate with your team mates, Jason can also hear people talking within his vicinity and there is an ingame item(the walkie-talkie) that is required to broadcast your voice to other survivors.  If you do not have a mic, you are going to have a harder time playing.Had many launch issues that are supposedly fixed now.Is not focused on generating as much points as you can get. In DBD if you don't repair every gen and stun the killer 50 times, you don't pip and can't level. In this game, the majority of EXP you get is from spectating a match till the end, and you can talk with everyone else who died in the match and discuss strategies or watch other players die.  Dying in F13 never feels like a waste of your time and does not set you back. There is no pressure to ''git gud'' and you can have a much more enjoyable experience if you hated getting hooked and facecamped 30 seconds into DBD.These are some of the differences between the few games. All in all, I think this game is definitely worth the asking price and it has many things that DBD does not. If you ever felt that playing as the killer in DBD was very lacklustre, and you want a more slower-paced, true slasher experience where you actually feel like you're trying to survive against an unstoppable monster then this game is the better choice. If you want to feel like you're on an equal playing field with the killer and can eventually learn to master the mechanics and play around a more competitive system then DBD might be the better option for you."
,Recommended,438740,32269233,Posted: 8 June,all,GhostKitty4,"I absolutely love this game. While I think the asking price is a bit much, it ultimately comes down to ""will I be putting in enough time to warrant the $40 price?"" If you say yes, then by all means go right ahead, but if not then wait until it's on sale.There are some bugs but that hasn't detracted from the game for me. I've had tons of fun lobbies and made a good amount of friends as well.Only serious complaint is that it's extremely frustrating to get disconnected randomly from lobbies, but other than that I love this game."
,Recommended,438740,31974429,Posted: 26 May,all,OMEGA-AIDENANDY,"good game,scary ,but not for me ,just excited.ok,let`s talk about the problem,1.the party is suck,sometimes you connect success(as a party leader),but will fail with my friend,is not good.2.the connecting sometime is too slow,can`t we just add a option""choose a lobby""?3.the hair bug4.GGWP"
,Recommended,438740,32140860,Posted: 2 June,all,Dr. Cry,"Tl;dr Bad launch, recovered within the first week as far as PC goes. Great game the more friends you have. Best not to get too competitive with it. This is a party game, not a tryhard fest. You will die a lot until you get some decent perks for the campers. Afterwards its how well you can dodge grabs and manage your stamina pool."
76561198350582923,Recommended,438740,32378792,Posted: 12 June,all,storylockup6,Love this GamePros:Its alot of fun with FriendsFun playing as the different peopleCons:Have to roll through alot of public matchs to get a decent pinNot much to say of bad wise just a good game and alot of fun to play.Have recomended to alot of friends to get and not wait to get it :)
,Recommended,438740,31964660,Posted: 25 May,all,Silent Hastati,"Low End PC Performance Report:CPU: i5 3570kGPU: GTX 760Onboard Realtek Audio Drivers5200RPM HarddiskRuns at 50-60fps on High (Not Ultra) settings at 1080p resolution, with the overhead of triple monitors rendering desktop and internet browsers. No stuttering or hitching, and fluid motion when rapidly changing perspective and cameras."
,Recommended,438740,32515329,Posted: 17 June,all,Luke 🔫 💯,2 sp000ky 5 u
,Recommended,438740,33003240,Posted: 29 June,all,STOP THE HAMMERING,liked the part with the
76561198083835339,Recommended,438740,33751619,Posted: 23 July,all,Mr. Ghost,"The game finaly was instaled properly, so the problem was fiexed. I played it for about half an hour. So far I like it! Gets your heart rate going for sure. I would recomend playing with a group of people that you comunicate with, especially if your play counseler team. Also, I would like to point out that a member of developing team contacted me over steam, and basically reasured me that the problems i was having would be addresed, he reinvited me to the game (mgrbn). To you sir/miss TY."
76561198195675333,Recommended,438740,32344826,Posted: 11 June,all,Anim-Step,"This game is basically nightmare fuel for me. Its gameplay concept is really well thought out and requires quite a lot of strategizing and teamwork. The only downside for me would be that sometimes your team members or councillers can sometimes work by themselves or take the only escape routes by themselves. Nether the less, still amazing :D"
,Recommended,438740,33025521,Posted: 29 June,all,Bacon Monkey csgoroll.com,0/10 too many scary goblins and warlocks. not funny
76561198108892899,Recommended,438740,33333277,Posted: 6 July,all,Kyalan,Friday the 13th: The GameGREAT GAME (Y)
76561198156789311,Recommended,438740,31971064,Posted: 26 May,all,Prod,"If you thought DBD was good, Friday the 13th is on a another lvl..Highly recommend buying this game10/10"
76561198152336000,Recommended,438740,32067136,Posted: 30 May,all,minty HITMAN  hatton,NOW FIXED MINTA GAME
76561198284902955,Recommended,438740,32702141,Posted: 23 June,all,Yuu Kun,Love this game I'm a big time fan of the movies I totally recommend it to the fans
,Recommended,438740,32048183,Posted: 29 May,all,Pipet,I love this game but there are some bugs. This game is worth every penny and the communtiy is nice to me and I have made some friends allready playing this game.
,Recommended,438740,32707067,Posted: 23 June,all,PiiiE,"i dont get the hate i have played this game almost 50hrs and i havent had any major bugs, its not perfect.. but its damn fun, .. alot of trolls"
76561198013756738,Not Recommended,438740,31989768,Posted: 26 May,all,Archmage MC,"So liked it the first few days until I found out just how unbalanced it is. If those problems get fixed I'll give it a thumbs up again, but right now Jason needs his grab nerfed. No reason to do anything else as jason but grab, and its really lame for both sides. The only counterplay is you having a combat knife, your team can't even save you from him even if they're smacking jason as hes picking you up with the grab."
76561198214735763,Not Recommended,438740,31970640,Posted: 26 May,all,Morty and Rick,"i really wanted to like this game, i really did. but the devs have a poor sense of time and when it was delayed twice i thought we would get a non buggy game and so did others, i will really wrong, and devs nerfed counselors even though jason is op as hell."
,Not Recommended,438740,32635903,Posted: 21 June,all,Speed Demon,I loved it. The game used to be good until they removed teamkilling and ruined it. I wouldn't recommend.
76561198092801903,Not Recommended,438740,32397693,Posted: 13 June,all,PUMPKIN,"This community is toxic as ♥♥♥♥. I did not realize the Friday the 13Th community was this bad until I started playing this game. Be prepared for a bunch of childish idiots taunting you, trolling you, and actively trying to destroy the match for everyone almost all of the time. Your fellow campers are there to annoy you, not help you. And now, you can’t even team kill to get rid of the degenerates. You'll be lucky to find one out of ten lobbies that doesn't have at least two trolls in it.I would say wait for single player. But, the devs are too stupid to know how to program one. They are making it Jason only because they are too stupid to program a Jason bot and would rather offer up no single player camper mode at all. Because programming Jason to find you, open a door, walk through it to you, and attack you is beyond Illfonic's intelligence.I would say avoid this game unless you have friends to play with or a real single player mode is made because the community is total dumpster fire."
76561198045988592,Recommended,438740,32216748,Posted: 6 June,all,MasterHEELSabu,"All games deal with issues upon release date, but that's not surprising for me. This game for me is worth all my money so far. I find this game more fun when you're playing with your friends!"
76561198283588134,Recommended,438740,33077980,Posted: 1 July,all,SurskitLP,I love this game good job ^^
76561197976958951,Not Recommended,438740,32028680,Posted: 28 May,all,Steaknife,Buggy and boring afte a few rounds. Requested refund after 45mins.
76561198046868307,Recommended,438740,32216093,Posted: 6 June,all,Savagerider,"The game has been fun even with a few bumps in the road at release.Gameplay is diverse and no two matches are the ever the same.When you spawn as a councillor your survival instincts are put to the test. This is one of the few games out there were moral decisions genuinely made add to the horror experience intensity e.g. do you escape in the boat alone or wait for another councillor to join you, risking being found by Jason.Playing as Jason adds that extra dimension to make the game even better. A juking councillor will eventually wear out or succumb to fear and its only a matter of time before you catch them. Greeting the cocky councillor with a grisly death is really quite satisfying.The game isn't without its bugs like most others at release and some things could be balanced. I'll leave that for the devs to decide.Gets an 8/10 from me."
,Recommended,438740,32154024,Posted: 3 June,all,tentac1oN,skrrrt
,Recommended,438740,32031538,Posted: 28 May,all,N8Dizzl,"This Game Is A 9/10 in my opinion, even though there is a few bugs here and there That aren't really a big deal that can be fixed up."
,Recommended,438740,32009266,Posted: 27 May,all,rabbidhope,this game is loads of fun aside from the occassional bugs.:)
,Recommended,438740,32010845,Posted: 27 May,all,Mix,"Jason manhandles the guy repairing the car.Teammate smacks Jason with a 2x4 to save the guy.Jason T-poses and flies through a cabin, dissapearing into the distance and I assume the void.Game over - You survived.IF you have good internet and the money then go for it. It's not worth the price right now, but neither was Overwatch in terms of content. Look how that turned out."
76561198277386456,Recommended,438740,32032239,Posted: 28 May,all,YaNestea,I wished the database would let me play though </3
76561198174405081,Recommended,438740,32035068,Posted: 28 May,all,BlubDude,"Let's be completely honest right out of the gate and admit that there are server issues currently present with this game and that as a result many of us (including myself) have been unable, or at least very little of the time, to get into the game servers. Watching the developers on their twitter however leaves me to believe that this will be fixed by the end of the first week. With that out of the way lets get into it shall we?Pros:-Great Suspense Builder-The Jason Series Soundtrack-Lots of variations on kills-Good hit boxes that allow for more brutal executions-An open world enviroment with multiple ways of escaping (I believe it is 5 or 6 basic ways and one advanced)-Tons of lore for Jason fans-Lots of options as a survivor in terms of manuvering, hiding, and reacting to Jason.-One of the best killer experiences as you teleport, run invisible, and smash, stomp, decapitate, and further kill your craving to kill.-Jiggly Butts :)-Charactor Customization-Very optimized graphics for such an early release.Cons:-Servers are currently down 90% of the time.-In game detection when executing someone with the first unlockable execution results in funny, but unimmersing glitch.-Climbing in and out of windows multiple times.-Having the camera get stuck at a certain pov-Winning a game due to the Jason in that game having bad ping (not the worst but still sad).-Not very many creative ways to escape, basic idea behind each.-Glitches (But its early release so be expecting that).Summary:All in all, if you enjoyed DbD or White Noise, or really any of the killer with survivor games, than you are absolutely going to love this game. On PC specifically you will find that many people have mics that allow for the game experience to further be enhanced as you and a few others attempt to work together while playing one of the most intense horror experiences that is out at the moment. If you can get over the fact that the developers have had a rough couple of days than I think that you will find a very fun, very unique, take on the Friday the 13th series and I can say based on two seperate gameplays that I will post at a later time, that this is the game to really get some stress relieved :)Gameplay : 10 / 10Reliability : 6 / 10 - As of writing this reviewGraphics : 8 / 10Soundtrack : 10 / 10Controller Support : 10 / 10Punching through A Person's Chest and Looking through it : Priceless"
76561198390970186,Recommended,438740,32152925,Posted: 3 June,all,rishabh7292,The game is definetely well carved and worth every penny you spend. Anything that could keep me busy for hours is definetely something worth considering. Multiplayer is awesome. So fun to play with friends and even if you are alone like me it doesn't matter. The server is quick to respond and i definetely think you should consider it as well.
,Recommended,438740,32879145,Posted: 27 June,all,Naz,fun
76561198210197823,Recommended,438740,32878496,Posted: 27 June,all,MrMouse001,great game but if you havent purchased do not for if you do you may not be able to play the game until it is fixed but im not saying dont ever install it its really fun
76561198353440736,Recommended,438740,32032235,Posted: 28 May,all,ilovefatpotatoes,I LOVE IT. There are some things that they need to fix but it's still awesome.
76561198095642020,Recommended,438740,32154158,Posted: 3 June,all,MURD3R M3CH4N1C,"Embodies the thrill and excitement of the 80's slasher franchise. Lots of knit picky haters out there, but those are the kids that didn't get invited to the lake for camping, sex and drugs. Pack up your cooler, grab your summer fling and come get yourself murdered in a sleeping bag.The devs are also some of the most transparent and responsive I have probably ever seen. Yes, the launch was a little rough, but they resolved all of the major issues the same weekend. Have you ever supported an application with 100K+ users and released a major patch within 48 hours while communicating with your customers throughout the process? It ain't easy folks."
,Recommended,438740,32062021,Posted: 30 May,all,=ADK= Field_Sweeper,"Really fun, although I hope they add lots of content very quick, it seems to lose its appeal relatively soon espec with how OP jason is,  balancing is needed."
,Recommended,438740,32008988,Posted: 27 May,all,Quagmire,It's fun when it works! :) Especially with 5+ friends as counselors.
76561198280102552,Recommended,438740,32051460,Posted: 29 May,all,joeobo2,"TL;DR: Do you think you could survive the Friday the 13th movies? Prove it.I'm really loving this game. Never seen the movies themselves(I know. Shocking.), but after playing I need to educate myself.Survival horror is the name of the game. As a counselor, teamwork is essential since you'll have little to defend yourself. Check cabins for weapons/items or anything useful to aid in your fight against Jason. Mics are extremely helpful when playing, but not mandatory. Each counselor has their own set of stats. Such as Stamina, Stealth, Composure, Repair, etc. Try your best to escape the camp alive.Now as Jason, make your mama proud and make the counselors suffer for their misdeeds at your hands. Depending on which version of Jason you play as, you'll have different buffs and debuffs. One Jason might have the ability to run, another might be able to swim like an Olympic athlete. Maybe you won't have as much grip strength while grabbing players. In any case, you are an (almost) unstoppable killing machine.There are a few glitches here and there, but the team behind this project know what they're doing. They've made a game that will put you in the Friday the 13th movies. If that's your thing, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,438740,32035138,Posted: 28 May,all,Nick Crompton,"servers don't work, but games fun."
76561198072198587,Not Recommended,438740,31967122,Posted: 26 May,all,Little Jimmy [YN],FLABS
,Not Recommended,438740,32321764,Posted: 10 June,all,MrToastly,"This game is just pure fun. There are some aggrivating glitches here and there but man the fun factor makes em tolerable. It can be tense sometimes too if your looking for or wondering if this game can be scary. It's alot more tense when you play by yourself but as soon as you play with a friend the fun just increases even more. Is it worth $40? For me - absolutely - although lack of content as of right now may be an issue for some. I have had nothing but pure enjoyment out this game and look forward to future dlc.Update July 9th: This is quickly becoming one of the buggiest and most unplayable games I have ever purchased. The bugs only seem to be getting worse since launch with no patch in sight to fix them. Shame cause this game would be a stellar 10/10 if the bugs were gone. Can't recommend this game to anyone anymore. Wait till the devs decide they wanna fix their game.Also, I've just learned that the devs are banning people for using ""mean words"" to people who were helping Jason but not even a swat on the buttox to the people helping Jason.... what the actual ♥♥♥♥? I have no desire to continue playing this game with such lazy, SJW devs. SJWs are against free speech and the devs have shown their true colors. I want a refund...."
,Not Recommended,438740,32240268,Posted: 7 June,all,Hamby▄︻┻═┳一Hamby,Garbage same bugs as 3 months ago still Ban Happystill dont keep there promises all they want to do is make money and they will and have lied to there customers to get there money they are now offering physical copies of the game for sell before giving people who backed there game the copies that they were promised over 3 months ago. now that this game is starting to sink they are about to ditch it and jump onto a new gameso I would save your money for a new gameTHE GAME IS SO BAD THERE BLOCKING NEGATIVE REVIEWS WELL GUESS WHAT YOU CANT KEEP YOUR OWN COMMUNITY QUITE
76561198331502251,Not Recommended,438740,35171987,Posted: 23 September,all,kevin,bug everywhere
,Recommended,438740,32140065,Posted: 2 June,all,LordBandit.LFB,it´s just amazing and brutal
,Recommended,438740,32004473,Posted: 27 May,all,Roxas,"Most of the negative reviews you will see on this board are due to several bugs and issues with the game, that being said THE GAME WAS RELEASED FOR ITS FIRST DAY. You people need stop expecting perfection and understand from the developers point of view, that this sort of thing happens sometimes...Great new is that they just came out with a patch addressing/fixing so much!Don't listen to the negative reviews, people are just ignorant honestly... its such a great game, if youre interested and you came here from Dead by Daylight... i can promise you this game is SUCH a great experience.Thank you devs for addressing our issues and concerns in such a timely manner, this game is amazing ♥"
76561198026339802,Recommended,438740,32307523,Posted: 9 June,all,Balounet. #13,13/10 would bang tiffany again
,Recommended,438740,32006050,Posted: 27 May,all,LimeyPolo,"Ignore the current technical issues causing temporary negativity - this is a brilliant, immersive experience - which has vision to boldly overpower Jason CORRECTLY for the ensuing horror - and with a little polish from patches to stability with physics/servers, it'll be the best survival horrors in this subgenre. In terms of content, it's a little limited for the value (£30 to me), but I think the developers will have the sense to expand that as promised and also funnel /profit/ into a nicer experience strategically for: 1) Long-term support with occasional paid DLC for aesthetics, 2) Their reputation as responsive developers.Balance is perfect and I'm excited at the very possibility of new items/maps/characters without any major skills to establish a meta or predefine an experience much (predictably so)."
,Recommended,438740,31966919,Posted: 25 May,all,derStuppi,Awesome Franchise. Awesome Game. Have i more to Say?Definitly a Upvote the only Thing i am Wondering is how people can have all Achievments by now but OK :D
,Not Recommended,438740,31979981,Posted: 26 May,all,AraC666,"REFUND!My first match - after the servers died - and needed hours to relaunch, I tried to hide in a wardrobe, as I left it, I glitched and slided around the map unable to interact with anything - I had to quit.gg - not worth 40 €, $ or even ¥!"
76561197973389595,Not Recommended,438740,32062370,Posted: 30 May,all,Lord_Boggis,"Nah... Don't buy it yet...Pro:Jason Vorhees in a game that runs well and has nice graphics.Cons:Game crashes EVERY time I try to upgrade my councillor with a perk and I do mean EVERY time. So far I have no upgrades at all because of this.Game balance... Imagine a leaf on one side of the scales and the planet jupiter on the other side... Whilst Jason should be quite OP this is just ridiculous... If he finds you (and there's a 99% chance he will) you WILL die. Whilst you can struggle to break free it's pointless to do so as he will be on you again in 10 seconds and then you WILL die. If you try to jog or run anywhere Jason can sense EXACTLY where you are and will find you within 15 seconds and you WILL die. Basically you have to WALK everywhere to not be heard from a huge distance by Jason. This means you have the choice of playing a long, boring, walking simulator in a dark forest during which Jason will eventually find you using his sense ability meaning that you WILL die... OR... Jog or sprint for 30 seconds meaning Jason will just see visual queues meaning he will quickly find you and you WILL die...........If you Play as Jason, Unless you are the worlds most inept gamer, you WILL win... You WILL win with BORING ease. I have played as Jason only twice and killed everyone both times within about 5-8 minutes. As Jason, my 6 year old daughter could whip all your arses... I'm not joking... She really could. Jason is THAT OP.This game has HUGE potential to be EXTREMELY good but right now It just isn't... Avoid until you KNOW there have been 5 or 6 MAJOR patch updates with lots more content and SERIOUS balance changes. Jason needs nerfing big time...To sum up, though enjoyable for the first 3 hours of play, I have just hit 4.5 hours and I'm getting quite bored of it now. It's either no challenge AT ALL or CERTAIN death, often within the first minute or two of play.There are actually a bunch of other faults with this game that I can't be bothered to wite about right now but other people have mentioned them in their reviews so have a look."
,Not Recommended,438740,32020923,Posted: 28 May,all,dezorn,Worlds most expensive screensaver.
,Not Recommended,438740,32025016,Posted: 28 May,all,iTz Bullz i,This game does not offer much for the price. I would wait if i were you.
,Recommended,438740,34902550,Posted: 12 September,all,ｓｃａｒｅｃｒｏｗ,very nice game especially with friends
,Recommended,438740,34575563,Posted: 29 August,all,SickB,I like it
76561197989843447,Not Recommended,438740,32026241,Posted: 28 May,all,MarvIN,"Well, I a, still not able to login in the game after 3 days. don't waste your money with this early alpha game."
76561198055481868,Not Recommended,438740,32271961,Posted: 8 June,all,Darkness Covers,The game gone bad to worse now would of been better without combat stance system then it'll be fun.and i'll give it a thumbs up
,Not Recommended,438740,32060128,Posted: 30 May,all,[V-Racing] Trickle,"The game has severe server issues, disconnects, high latency, glitching animations and a broken game balancing - which has apparently apart from all the feedback out of the beta not been adressed.All in all it is an early access game released as a full price title.I requested a refund. Not a buy recommendation at the moment.I must admit: The immersion and atmosphere could be nice if the several problems, bugs and balancing issues would have been adressed in the first place.At the moment it is nothing but a cash grab. 3/10"
,Recommended,438740,31972689,Posted: 26 May,all,Umbra,"First time playing.Find a flare gun. Cool got a free stun against Jason.Found a map, can see all counselors and objctives.Found a radio, can now talk to anyone else who has radio. Things seem to be going well..10 minutes pass, no sign of Jason. Kind of getting nervous.Jason appears, everyone scatters. I run away to get distance before using flare gun.Jason player keeps asking me to be his ""mommy"". No way bro.Run straight into teleporting Jason, he grabs me and yells at me to be his mom. Still no.Jason chokes me to death. Watch as I lay limp while he searches for a new mom.10/10 would be asked and to be Jason's mom again."
76561198042606576,Not Recommended,438740,31972774,Posted: 26 May,all,Jezzie Jaws,This Game is Broken from the get go hit jason with a baseball bat oh that dont do anything apart from go through him like some sort of ghost oh yeah we got the car started lets go oh no that wont happen jason will just constanly teleport infron of the car and oh look full speed and he stops you and then wrecks the car this game is not fun in it's current state  i love the game but the developers really need to pull thier finger out of thier backsides and learn from the many mistakes dead by daylight made jason has a chase move he dont need a goddamn teleport ♥♥♥♥ @least make the game balanced enough to play either side and not ♥♥♥♥ we will make it so the councillors are screwed and just make jason with everytime lety alone that with the teleport all jason does is mainly search about then teleport between the 2 cars and boat so makes it impossible to do anything
,Not Recommended,438740,32050598,Posted: 29 May,all,Six Sins,Has potential but dead by daylight is a lot better and cheaper
,Recommended,438740,34872436,Posted: 10 September,all,AlcoholicTeenMom,"I mean, it was kinda glitchy in the beginning, cause it's the first game of it's kind like this.However, the glitches and bugs and stuff can be super fun with the right people; and that's usually 75% of the time.The community is pretty awesome. You get the mix of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, of course, but there's like... always a group of people playing together and helping each other out. It's pretty fun.Just be prepared for like 40 friend requests after a day of playing."
,Recommended,438740,34793067,Posted: 7 September,all,PsyhcoKenny,Even with all the bugs and glitches i highly recommend this game to any horror fans
,Recommended,438740,33413968,Posted: 9 July,all,Deceivedlc,friend lends me accounti play f13 the gamegets matched with the ThePraetoriani get picked jasonive only played jason twicehalf of the game i was stunned or trying to find counslers to stun mei only killed 2 peopleone of them was ThePraetoriangreat game 8/10
,Recommended,438740,34112934,Posted: 8 August,all,Gamer OF DA DAY!,Love The Game so much! 1. Escape and get Xp to get Jasons and counlsers! 2.Be jason.Jason is unstopable but i dont really care! 3.Get Perks in the game! 4.I Recommend you to get this game
76561198003423453,Not Recommended,438740,32082207,Posted: 31 May,all,QOZQOZ Buying 90~%,This game just doesn't worth 40$ so I just asked for a refund.
,Recommended,438740,33589036,Posted: 16 July,all,Lewis,jason always bullys me. So i bully him back
,Recommended,438740,31988614,Posted: 26 May,all,Leosian,This is definitely a fun game where the camp counselors need to work together to survive against Jason.  People are giving the game bad and false reviews because they are either DBD fanbois or furious because of the bugs and server issues of a new game.  They don't even think about the fact that all new games have issues the first couple of weeks after release.I'd highly recommend this game for people who enjoy this genre.
76561198205856373,Recommended,438740,33447910,Posted: 10 July,all,Owlhub Ω,Do you like being left to die by teamates?Do you like being 10 meters away from the killer yet still get grabbed by him(vacuum)?Do you like opening drawers?Well folks if thats what your looking for this game is worth it11/10
76561198049752020,Recommended,438740,32002923,Posted: 27 May,all,JoJoBon,"This Game is truly a must buy, you have amazing graphics and a amazing gameplay length of a game. This beats the crap out of dead by daylight and most other horror multiplayer games. you get to play as the best slasher jason vorhees, and fight back as counselers. 10/10 Game I want dlc for this"
,Recommended,438740,32658050,Posted: 22 June,all,Potato,uh...
,Not Recommended,438740,32120170,Posted: 1 June,all,Chris (CJCA915.tv),"To be honest, I'm not scared or horrified playing this game... dying every single match is becoming regular and routine... and thus, it's becoming boring.In F13, if I see Jason closing in, I'm like ""I'm dead."" No thrill at that point, just shear expectations.Whereas, I actually have a far better chance of making it out alive in Dead by Daylight, and I also still have heart pounding moments... especially when it's down to a hatch escape. I can play Dead by Daylight for hours. After two matches, if playing a counselor back to back, I'm already ready to do something else on the computer.The quality of the game is great, exceptional in fact. It's just too slow paced as a counselor and too short-lived as a counselor if you're caught defenseless against Jason.Playing Jason on the hand, is fun. Even though you're already running into the same kind of players who like to ""window loop"" you. Granted, Jason can smash windows, but still.Unless you're a really die-hard F13 fan, wait until this game has more content, balance changes, etc."
76561198112028987,Not Recommended,438740,32149454,Posted: 3 June,all,Van-MeMees,The game is very fun but very bugged and unoptimized. I dont recomend to buy it yet.
76561198047124356,Recommended,438740,31972554,Posted: 26 May,all,tbw2445,"This game is a blast! If you're a fan of this franchise, you'll love it! The atmosphere is good and it sets up what makes Friday the 13th good. A few of qualms is for now, you can't re-bind your keys, which makes no sense to me at all. There also needs to be a FOV slider added cause the camera gets to close to the counselors at times. The game runs well for me personally and am always above 60 fps on Epic settings with an i7 6700k, 1070, and 16GB of Ram. I'm a die hard fan of this franchise so this was a no brainier for me. If you're on the fence, watch some streams first before deciding! Happy hunting!"
,Recommended,438740,33787576,Posted: 25 July,all,Darth Levesque,"~//HE'S BACK ! THE MAN BEHIND THE MASK!\\~I. Love. This. Game.It's in my opinion, a successor to Dead by daylight. The atmosphere in all the maps and background music really makes this game a horror game. The sudden change in music when Jason appears really makes your heart pumping as you try your best to escape from. And if you got the chance to turn on the radio, the soundtrack by Crazy Lixx is just too awesome, the ones I love currently are XIII and I Just Wanna Live Before I Die. Of course like every other game there are cons. The cons on this maybe little but I understand if it may affect some. For instance, you might be in a server with players who  doesn't want to cooperate, most of which are kids *no idea on why and how they are in this game in the first place* as it's made for older audiences. Anyway back to what I'm saying of ""not cooperating"" meaning some might sell your location out to Jason or they may attack you. Yes if they kill you, they lose a ton of XP, so most will just injure you to the point where you might as well just be killed by Jason as you can't run and your vision is not as clear. So far, the players I have met with are great, they work together and most importantly, had fun. I just ran into some black sheeps maybe 2 or 3 times at max. You can just leave the match and join another server, easy. Don't let a few brats destroy your entire experience with this game.Currently, this game is a multiplayer only. But I believe they're coming up with a single player mode by 2017 so it's all in good hands. Now, the price. This maybe the drawing point for most. So far I think my money was well spent, I don't feel any regret over a single penny. The main question for you is, Are You a Fan of Friday the 13th ? If yes, do yourself a favor and buy this game. No ? I would still recommend you to consider it if you're a horror or survivor themed fan. Overall,  I'd give this game a solid 9/10.~~~ki ki ki, ma ma ma...~~~"
,Recommended,438740,33939740,Posted: 31 July,all,Dat Cat,10/10 would never be jason againliterallyi'm never jason
,Not Recommended,438740,32672562,Posted: 23 June,all,Tadeyon,"worst game, no fun, many bugs"
,Recommended,438740,34364652,Posted: 19 August,all,Snoopy,"This game is sooo rad.. The jason kills are cool and the game itself is pretty addicting, good graphics, good achievements and a good matchmaking service make this game A+. Plus, I heard with all the new stuff coming out it's definitely going to be a good game to have for years to come."
,Recommended,438740,34730021,Posted: 4 September,all,McBubbleGum,"This game is fun with friend, but at the same time the is alot that needs to be fixed. If you dont mind some bugs then you should get this game."
,Recommended,438740,34168787,Posted: 11 August,all,[TB] Byron,"Really fun game! The game runs real smooth. The graphics are well done. The game tips it's hat to 80's culture and the movies very authentically. The game has a  nice balance between casual and crazy. Eternally re-playable as most purely co-op, pvp games are, because actual human antagonists never stop being interesting.There are some bugs, sometimes game breaking, but it doesn't get in the way of having fun. The most negative thing I can think of is the actual community; sometimes groups of players that know each other can ruin a game session by trolling others, or not playing Jason as is intended."
,Recommended,438740,33861529,Posted: 28 July,all,Snark,"Fun to play, but bugs are bad, like if you die while carrying the fuse for the phone box, no one is able to pick it back up, that's not good.Getting teamkilled randomly is also bad.People leaving mid-kill... salt is an important ingredientCounselors in party with Jason, helping him.Combat stance needs to be worked on, too, as it can block traps and firecrackers,too."
76561198001771952,Recommended,438740,34708201,Posted: 3 September,all,CakeDuty,"Just got 200 hours into the game yesterday and I still find it extremely fun and interesting. The game is fun and addicting. It's mostly fun if you have a mic and you're not afraid to goof around a little. Having a mic also adds to the teamwork which this game is all about. There are two ways to play this game one of them are roleplaying where you goof around with other survivors, still playing the game but not taking it as seriously as the other way, which is playing it competetively. Playing it competetively means that you're only trying to escape and Jason is only out to kill you. Most people who play the game competetively do not use mics, which ironically makes it harder to survive. The fun of the game depends on what lobby you get into and which gamestyle you prefer. Right now you can't choose which game style you want but the devs have said that they'll add differently lobbies at some point.In this game you can play as either Jason or a counselor, you can set your preference but it doesn't quarantee that you get that role, which does that some people leave the game once they see they don't get to play their preference, this however is mostly the case with Jason players who get the counselor role. This has the negative side that it can end up being a 5 against 1 game instead of 7 against 1.The game is also filled with bugs and everytime the devs try to patch bugs it seems to add new bugs. I believe that the devs are working as hard as they can on the game but they have definitely made some questionable decisions. However, they're not as bad as some people are trying to make them look. Mostly it's the community that's toxic with people always getting into fights on the forum and complaining about pretty much everything. It's impossible to make everyone happy and there are things that I don't like about the game either but I still love playing it.There aren't just one playstyle every counselor has their own strengths and weaknesses, the same thing with Jason, so you have lots of chances to see which playstyle suits you. The game is mostly made to be in Jasons favor but if you teamwork with your fellow counselors then it's a lot easier to survive.So all in all I'd say this is a good game, though not perfect, and I definitely do not regret buying it. I've had my money worth of hours and I'm not stopping playing this anytime soon."
76561198052178684,Recommended,438740,34705871,Posted: 3 September,all,Random Dude,"This game is really really good. 8/10Its hilarious and super fun, you get to either play as a councellor or as jason, its random. As you level up you can unlock perks to get more kill animations for jason or better survival perks for your councellor. If your a fan of the movie series this is a special treat for you as they have recreated all the locations from the 1st few films perfectly.Ignore all the hate and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ comments left by everyone else, its a great game and yes it does have a few bugs but every game after launch has bugs. And yes sometimes you get a game with idiots who dont do what there supposed to be doing but you can leave your match at any time with no penalty and just join a new match. I play on pc and get almost instant games with full groups of 8 people.  Ive never disconnected or had anything game breaking occur to me in any of my matches.  I have over 100 hours on this game so far and still find it super fun to play as every game is different."
76561198018303546,Not Recommended,438740,32050170,Posted: 29 May,all,_xXx_ Fresh M0le Guac.,"I most definitely would not recommend this game. Often times there is no point playing or even trying to survive with Jasons teleport ability. It just defeats the point. Even with perks that increase your stamina, and enough tools to stun, heal, and get away from him, he WILL get you in the end unless you're lucky enough to make it to the final countdown. What's worse is that his abilities make it very easy for him to track you at a distance, EVEN standing still and hiding. Having played Jason a number of times myself, I can say it's incredibly easy to kill everyone unless they just happen to coordinate enough to get a car/boat running while you're chasing after someone. Playing the killer should be fun and as much a challenge as it would be for a survivor, but it's actually boring for how much of a cake walk it is.This game needs more balance.Really wanted to like this game. Not scary, just a frustrating imbalance of mechanics."
76561198061650490,Recommended,438740,32054124,Posted: 29 May,all,Zac,"I think this is an enjoyable game, It did how however have alot of bugs when it lanched which alot has now been fixed, The price of the game is a little high but they are adding more stuff to friday the 13th I have so far playied 14 hours of it and not got bored of it, Also Australian severs have been fixed."
76561198009295685,Not Recommended,438740,32654061,Posted: 22 June,all,Jedi36,"If you want to be jason, sucks for you. Anytime i play this and im jason my game just freezes and then my computer just stops. This game is pretty much a ripoff because the jason glitch. Dont buy. Just dont"
76561198395949847,Not Recommended,438740,33009203,Posted: 29 June,all,bgil1971,I downloaded this game and the files didn't even install with it. I've redownloaded it 3 times and and it still won't work right. The game will not start at all.
76561198361401328,Not Recommended,438740,32214098,Posted: 5 June,all,waayne,"Massive scale hacking on accounts!They can delete your perks, making your CP tens of thousands below zero, rendering all your effort and hours to a joke, and all they need to hack you is just your steam name?! How can such a major backdoor exist and how can such a game be called copmpleted??What the hell."
76561198161279802,Not Recommended,438740,33110037,Posted: 1 July,all,Jacob1,THIS GAME WONT AUNCH AND I WASTED MY ♥♥♥♥ING MONEY
,Recommended,438740,32133107,Posted: 2 June,all,Sebbo,"I have no idea why people are saying this game is bad, i'm enjoying every second of it. The fear of when Jason is near and you have no idea where he is and also being Jason is even better, gruesome deaths and scaring the hell outta people. There might be some glitches here and there, but those can be fixed easily. Great gameplay, amazing graphics, and there is still more to come from DLC to extra content. I 100% recommend this game!"
,Recommended,438740,32000197,Posted: 27 May,all,Weeaboo,"It is a fun game, it forces you to communicate with other survivors to work together and escape.Although there is somethings that are missing:-More Maps ( Although the maps are big, it gets repetitive)-More Survivors and Jasons"
76561198167947031,Not Recommended,438740,32271499,Posted: 8 June,all,Spicybarbecue,"this game honestly is quite boring, I mean I can forgive it for all the bugs and stuff but for some reason I find this game really tedious to play and I have very few hours in the game and I am alredy kinda bored.heere's the thing I think if you have a group of friends to play with and do a spot of roleplay it could be kinda cool but going into quickplay alone is trully an awful experience unless you are lcky enough to come across likeminded ppl playing, ppl that realise the game is just for killing a few hours having fun and doing rp."
76561198055633932,Not Recommended,438740,33296354,Posted: 5 July,all,Legacy | csgosell.com,"Game wouldnt even start up. Double checked my firewall, as well as verifying the files, and nothing worked. waste of $40."
76561198165812690,Not Recommended,438740,31999877,Posted: 27 May,all,Сияние звездЫ,This game is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥don't buy╭∩╮( º.º )╭∩╮
76561198094784436,Not Recommended,438740,32023760,Posted: 28 May,all,Nihilistic.Nacho,fun at first. now absolute crap. can't even level up anymore or buy perks for the counselor. this was not ready to be released in the condition it is now. and defintely not worth $40. early access game more like it.
76561198114247446,Not Recommended,438740,32099964,Posted: 31 May,all,MiseryPhD,"After giving it some time, this game lacks so much key features that it should have had since the very begining. It's too repetitive, no real character customization, Jason feels slightly over power and there is no way for you to escape Jason after he holds you. It's like, pretty much stay as a team or you will get punished for it. Unlike this game, Dead by Daylight gives you countless opportunities to fight the killer and it feels well balanced with regular updated added here and there. I'm sorry game dev's you guys had the chance to ""wow"" us but instead you gave us a demo that is $40 dollars that is not an AA game."
,Not Recommended,438740,32584656,Posted: 19 June,all,ted the movie on vhs,hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhboneless pizza #6
,Not Recommended,438740,31976667,Posted: 26 May,all,Cry out,Game is unplayable.Do not buy.dev's dont really fix major problems or get back to peole that are asking for a Fix to a certain Freeze/crash with a Error as seen below.https://postimg.org/image/wd1vhg3lh/So far its only happens to people that have AMD R9 380 GPU's and some GTX cards.The Dev's only care about  the players that can play the game so they just keep adding new content instead of fixing problem's like these.i would not recommend a game that could crash 95% of the time to people.
,Recommended,438740,32648378,Posted: 22 June,all,stephen paddock,yaaaas ♥♥♥♥♥ yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaas this game is yaaaaaaaaaas esp when youre jason and everyone leaves because theyre not jason yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaasssssssssss
76561198000096248,Not Recommended,438740,32115427,Posted: 1 June,all,KeV,"I only played for an hour after awaiting the game for a while. Before the purchase i watched a ton of gameplay videos, let's plays etc.Guess it's just not for me. The controls are a bit clunky, there are some annoying bugs here and there, but most of all: The gameplay is not fun. Played a couple of rounds as a counselor: Die to Jason Simulator. It makes no sense, since eventually you'll get killed. That is no fun, even some fans will claim otherwise. I don't want to stare at other players for 10+ minutes, bc i got a bad spawn.Didn't get to play as Jason and i'm not going to wait for it honestly. Refund for now, unless they change some major gameplay aspects. For the price of 37€ (or regional equivalent) this is a complete joke at this point.P.S.: In case someone claims ""Go back to DbD then!"". I played that back then aswell and hated it equally. ;)"
,Recommended,438740,32006769,Posted: 27 May,all,Jostrand,"I recommend to get Friday The 13th: The Game! It's probably one of the funniest, scariest games I ever played!I really had fun and got so into this game on Day 1!And I hope everyone else can get 40$ to play this awesome game!"
76561198374638280,Recommended,438740,33757682,Posted: 23 July,all,Ricky,I Very Like This Game
,Recommended,438740,33963992,Posted: 1 August,all,Blurry,tons of fun to play with you're friends!!!
76561198370134700,Recommended,438740,32063024,Posted: 30 May,all,woshixingshou,刚买的游戏数据库连接失败我对这游戏很是失望，不过看主播玩着没有这样的问题，我挺喜欢这游戏的，我暂时不退款，求开发商能快点解决这样的问题，明天我再试一试，不行我就退款了，
,Recommended,438740,31976325,Posted: 26 May,all,Gahnzoe,"This game is really fun. My biggest fear was it being a Dead by Daylight type game. I don't feel Dead by Daylight in this game what so ever! It looks like DBD, but its a game you just have to play to really know how it is."
76561198310752945,Recommended,438740,34060049,Posted: 6 August,all,Verdinosaur,The game overall is a lot of fun. The only thing that is killing the game experience for me is lobbys full of Japanese and/ or Russian speakers. I have no idea what they are even saying. Not cool.
,Recommended,438740,34369300,Posted: 20 August,all,John,"Overall Recommendation: Yes, It's Great!I've always been a HUGE fan of the friday the 13th the game franchise. And when I heard they were going to release a game about it.. I couldn't resist checking it out! Yes, yes, there are a lot of exploiters out there that love exploiting the games glitches and team-killing. That's probably the only thing bad about this game! I mean it's not even complete yet! Okay, I'm sad that I missed out the savini jason skin. I respect that it was ONLY for people that supported this game while it was work in progress. I mean, I'll have to hope they release it for public one day! (Which will, probably never happend) Though aside with the bad stuff, let's talk about the great stuff about this game! First of you get to play as Jason freaking voorhees himself!! And they have most jasons from the movies! (Though I hate the part 9 jason ""Jason Goes To Hell"" Because it breaks the storyline completely.) They'll be adding more great stuff to the game to! I mean, this review wasn't that great of a review but otherwise I love this game!"
76561198164544914,Recommended,438740,34380597,Posted: 20 August,all,TheRedStripe,Honestly. I thought this game would SUCK! It's amazing though!
,Recommended,438740,34100788,Posted: 8 August,all,HeavyDirtyStorm,"Very interesting game, but so simple"
,Not Recommended,438740,31980010,Posted: 26 May,all,Hugh Mungus,"1 week after release*players left*2 months after release*developers left*How you do it?1. A kickstarter which promises the perfect Jason experience2. Only Multiplayer3. Pushing the release termin arround4.Singleplayer!5. Singleplayer will be delayed6. Alpha and Beta which all have the same problem7. ♥♥♥♥ YES WE GOT SOME HYPE LETS JUST GET THE PRICE TO 40!8. Not playable for preorders on release for at least 24 hours9. Bugs from the Alpha and Beta aren't yet finished and you play with people from Australia and Asia as an European10. Repetive gameplay11. 2 GB patches every day.12.Now just leave the game for 1 month13. Enjoy the ""End of Dead By Daylight"" which is lacking players.Edit: The developers didn't leave but instead of releasing the promised singleplayer they will add an outfit dlc"
,Recommended,438740,35113870,Posted: 21 September,all,Salty,"So i reacently got this game near my birthday but the game is fun and funny but i reacently watched youtube videos that say the game is dieing and I wanna ask you guys somthing but i dont think you will care but try to lower the price to 20$ because more peaple will be able to buy it and play it and they wont need to watch videos on the game and another thing is that when new players join can you make a game tutorial on it so that people can learn the game as jason and the counslers.So I Recommend this game Because I had fun playing it also that i am a Fan of Friday the 13th and Horror.Also I made alot of new friends on the game so please get the game it will mean alot to the Community and the Devs because they have worked alot to make this a reality.Sincerly,Salty"
76561198138721980,Recommended,438740,34757538,Posted: 5 September,all,bskinndogg,"A little pricey but overall, really fun. I would recommend playing with friends to get the most fun out of the game, and a mic is almost required to play the game as you will need to communicate with your teammates to win. I would say wait for the single player or a sale to come up to buy this game."
76561198209078525,Recommended,438740,35031221,Posted: 17 September,all,WorltTen,I like this game a lot. There are glitches and thinks like that but when you enjoy the game why would care about some little glitches. But they should add feature to choose if you want to play as Jason or counselors.Excuse some grammar mistakes English is not my main language.
76561198147187135,Recommended,438740,35034495,Posted: 17 September,all,elementjonx216,Great game when playing with friends.
76561198409271052,Recommended,438740,35074866,Posted: 19 September,all,DrFrankN,"Alot of fun as long as you don't take it too seriously, there's no friday the 13th esports, no reason to go tryhard lel."
76561198205172727,Recommended,438740,34564850,Posted: 28 August,all,king,ok so i dont know why people are so madits a great game and the bugs can be big but they make up for it with have a great fear tacticeand i do get that people will get mad over big things like getting banedbut i see it but you kno what ever its still a great game
76561198130489329,Recommended,438740,34534481,Posted: 27 August,all,Anger Of The Land,"Preordered an xbox one because of this game, its fun on computer but i'd really like to play with my buddies.  As a person who's played Wow for a number of years and seen the way blizzard devs treat/inform their community, i'm gonna say this Dev team actually gives a crap... the more than daily updates and explanations on why things were going wrong and what they were doing to fix them was great.  Never once felt gipped.  Some of the compaliners on here are full on crybabies, no other word for it. Be grateful or go play the same old shooters with yearly reskins that all the other plebs are playing."
,Recommended,438740,34559105,Posted: 28 August,all,Mr Pink,"Fix this f**king game, it crashes all the time."
76561198159713692,Recommended,438740,35131132,Posted: 22 September,all,Daddy 76,CHAD IS BAE
76561198366534361,Recommended,438740,34570525,Posted: 29 August,all,parkusbrock,"Highly enjoy this game, especially with friends.  Have had some major laughs,  but the game needs new content.  3 maps just is not enough and gets repetitive."
,Recommended,438740,34561117,Posted: 28 August,all,Call me Icy,Totally worth it :D
,Not Recommended,438740,34585153,Posted: 29 August,all,Youhomegodrunk,"What do we have here? Friday 13th? Is this iconic game by iconic developers, about iconic movie franchise including iconic movie killer Jason? Yes, it is!Graphics - 10/10Music - 10/10Bugs - 10/10Community - PricelessThis game i waited for years (i am 45 now) and it finally came to life! My dreams came true! And it's totally worth 40 bucks! Thank you, developers.10/10"
,Recommended,438740,35060495,Posted: 19 September,all,Vulcanium,The best escape game ever a lot of fun with friends to
76561198133860938,Recommended,438740,34872752,Posted: 10 September,all,fabrizio.ferrannini,"Fantastic horror game, a must have for Friday the 13th fans everywhere."
,Recommended,438740,34519594,Posted: 26 August,all,Mistermist,"There's still a lot of problems that need fixed, but damnit I still have fun with this game. The Devs of this game seem to care and are releasing free content which is okay with me.My main issue with this game is the toxic community. Your first match will not be fun, you will have to learn from experience unless you have someone kind enough to help, as the ""How to Play"" section will barely cover everything or the game's meta.If you can, get it on a discount unless you have some good friends to play with."
76561198390922489,Recommended,438740,35029896,Posted: 17 September,all,TheDetectiveGuy1,"200+ hours into this game and I must say, amidst all the glitches, it is a fun experience. On top of it, the devs ARE working to resolve those issues. And they listen!I think you should give this game a chance."
76561198028544657,Not Recommended,438740,35489998,Posted: 5 October,all,Changed_Perspective,£30 for basically a mini gameNot worth it!
76561198217922111,Recommended,438740,32052756,Posted: 29 May,all,T0XIC,They need to fix the Jason slection. Ive played 15 hours and only played as Jason 4 or 5 times lol. ♥♥♥♥ing angering lol
,Not Recommended,438740,32006291,Posted: 27 May,all,Flöjter,Hit detection sucks
76561198148016436,Recommended,438740,32064273,Posted: 30 May,all,shit happens,"8,5"
76561198080585976,Not Recommended,438740,31982505,Posted: 26 May,all,Liaa,"I hope youre still making servers.  To say you didn't anticipate this many people is a load of ------. There were thousands of people waiting on this game since last year (pretty sure thats when you announced the release)A bit angry cause I've spent like 1 hr of gameplay and another hour of trying to get past the ""Database Login Failure"""
,Recommended,438740,32093116,Posted: 31 May,all,Mister.M,Very nice game.The hype was worth it!
76561198243215264,Not Recommended,438740,32093844,Posted: 31 May,all,Lcot,"Boring, more like a mini game than a full AAA release.  Plagued with connectivity issues and bugs."
,Not Recommended,438740,31991718,Posted: 27 May,all,Le Tharja,"Horrible imbalanced, and bugged to♥♥♥♥♥♥ If you are Jason, you are going to win. Please for the love of God, don't make the same mistake I did and blow 40 dollars on this. It is not nearly as fun as the streamers/youtubers make it out to be. The novelty wears off fast, yet you still burned a hole in your wallet."
76561198088460279,Recommended,438740,32078529,Posted: 30 May,all,SuperMaarten64,i don't want to hate this game because its a good idea. but the launch of it was for sure one of the worst i ever encounterd for an online mulitplayer game.and also  to gun media is 40 dollars not a little to much for it?BUT I STILL AM GONNA RECOMMEND THIS GAME TO ALL HORROR FANS AND PEOPLE LOOKING FOR SOME TIME TO WASTE.
,Not Recommended,438740,32011875,Posted: 27 May,all,MadOrc23,"Too many problems, worse of all, most of them after the patch.....Avoid buying until they fix all the crap thats wrong......"
,Recommended,438740,33278025,Posted: 5 July,all,PuPe',High Pressure but funny and excite!!!!!!!
76561198058751866,Recommended,438740,32020775,Posted: 28 May,all,folater7,"-Found a 4 seater early in the match. Gas it up.-Halfway through the match the full car barrels past me with my friend saying sorry as they're about to escape, leaving me to be the last one alive with Jason-Friend starts freaking out. They crashed right before the exit and Jason was slashing them up!-Friend begins starting the car, gets pulled out and killed, all the while I catch up and get the car running again-""There's no way you'll win. Jason is in the way.""  Pff... watch me.-Reverse a long ways, back forth back forth annnd... gun it!!! SWERVEEE!!!-I was the only survivor that escaped. After being left 4 dead. I got the last laugh."
,Not Recommended,438740,32005332,Posted: 27 May,all,Jacrispy,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing garbage. I paid 40$ for this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t on release day just to not be able to connect to the servers even though every other game works just fine. Tried uninstalling and reinstalling and ♥♥♥♥ing restarting my steam and PC. Game is literally a waste of money and I can't wait for my ♥♥♥♥ing refund to go through. Save your money, dont get this garbage."
,Not Recommended,438740,32482062,Posted: 16 June,all,ElectricShock27,You truly have to be a Jason/Survival horror fan because this game didn't do it for me I didn't really like it that much
76561198215408775,Recommended,438740,32060231,Posted: 30 May,all,Wolfbone175,This is one of the best games I have ever played on my computer
,Recommended,438740,32049664,Posted: 29 May,all,Hermann Göring,10
,Recommended,438740,31965491,Posted: 25 May,all,im gay,COOL GAME DUDDE
76561198384234380,Not Recommended,438740,32217547,Posted: 6 June,all,Spawny【ツ】,"Fun game ( when you get to play as jason) hunting down the councelors 1 by 1,but you only get to play as the iconic killer about 12.5% of the time. The other 87.5% of the time you play a ventrilquist councelor who's bizarre facial expressions (think olympic dive gurn face) only change when they are scared, running round jumping through windows,and searching draws for supplies such as car batteries, petrol cans, and boat propeller's gets boring quite quickly. I dont think this is worth the price tag, with what i experienced with this game I wish I bought dead by daylight instead. As It feels like this was released tooearly with only a multiplayer mode at present, but rumour is there will be a single player campaign eventually lets hope we get to play as jason in the campaign 90%  of the time shall we"
,Recommended,438740,31967788,Posted: 26 May,all,jackylucky110502,Love the game very much although there are some bugs in the game that need to be fixed :)
,Recommended,438740,32385232,Posted: 13 June,all,Happy,"When I got this game, I had no friends on my friendslist who played this game. Now I have around 30 thanks to the great community. When you find the right people and play with them often, the game can be a lot of fun even with it's current bugs.I recommend picking this game up if you have friends to play with or willing to make new ones while playing the game. Without that, the game gets boring within few hours."
76561198148464867,Recommended,438740,32052709,Posted: 29 May,all,MARIO,Great game 9/10 but i refunded because multi player dint work
,Not Recommended,438740,32536720,Posted: 18 June,all,CRUCIAL 000 - YT,"Would be nice if I could actually play as Jason, having 30 hours into the game and only 4 experiences as Jason, the first two I totally bungled."
,Recommended,438740,31967914,Posted: 26 May,all,Bryan.PH,Still have some bugs and glitches but when your fan of this kind of game you will be surely get happy :)
76561198106311969,Recommended,438740,33117408,Posted: 1 July,all,Guccifer キレ,Highly addicting game.
76561198149001298,Not Recommended,438740,31982763,Posted: 26 May,all,Lyman (zvanquishh),can't even connect with my friend already having a great time
,Recommended,438740,32181733,Posted: 4 June,all,† Al Ghouti †,"+It's absolutely a great game. I was hesitating to buy the game because I thought I was easily going to get bored after few games, but that was not the case. Spent 2 days straight playing the game, and will still do this summer.+Graphics are great, the game concept is great, and the environment is awesome.+It has a progression aspect to it, where you get points to upgrade the counselors or Jason; which keeps the boredom away.+It may show that you have horrible ping, but that's not the case. The connection is amazing, never had a problem in game. I have only heard one person blame lag over hacking.+People who play are amazing and cool. Also a lot of grills.-Some things that need to be worked on are the spawn preferences, this guy had his preference set on neutral, and he got the killer way more times than those who had the preference for the killer. It also seems I only get Tommy when I have to kill a teammate, I don't understand why.-People need to be penalized for leaving the game while Jason is killing them, or when they suicide.-Driving needs to be improved, it is too wanky.-Melee combat needs to be improved, it is horrible. People also shoot the shotgun without pulling the gun out to aim, need to fix that too.-The survivors should have 30 seconds head start before the killer can teleport. If not someone may die too early, and he will rage quit. I have even killed some guy in the first 15 seconds of the game.-There needs to be a way to change the key bindings. My middle mouse  is broken so I can't throw knives.Overall it's a great game, if they fix the issues I mentioned above I will be very happy. Price tag could be reduced."
,Recommended,438740,32181722,Posted: 4 June,all,Aonghus,Jason is chaising me. AJ is putting fuel in the car. I run past the car. Jason kills AJ just as she finishes the mini game.I got out with the car later.10/10 would sacrifice my friends to Pamela again.
,Not Recommended,438740,32052411,Posted: 29 May,all,DecayingRose138,"At this point and time I cannot recommend this game.I say wait until the game gets the fixes it needs.The idea and what game play I have seen is awesome.Also by the time this game is worth picking up, the single player will be out.I have fallen into the bunch that have bin hit with the database failure error,Preventing me from even playing this game.Will update after the proper patches fix the plauge that's decaying this game that has much potential.Until then, I'd wait."
76561198364325889,Not Recommended,438740,32831779,Posted: 26 June,all,sttjhn45,Download sucks will not let without ERRORS
76561198377925987,Recommended,438740,32335890,Posted: 10 June,all,UziDoezIt,its a fun game whats not to like about it
,Recommended,438740,33139624,Posted: 2 July,all,AntStyle,Best game
,Recommended,438740,33378592,Posted: 8 July,all,The living embodiment of Requis,"The game is truly fun, a great hide and seek game with everyone's favorite badass. I will say though that there aren't many things to do in the game after unlocking all of the Jasons, and not to mention the countless amount of glitches still in the game, like when jason gets hit by a flare and flies out of the map. I would still recommend this game because the glitches make it fun, especially when playing with friends."
76561198324961425,Recommended,438740,33376264,Posted: 8 July,all,SeyItsHins,Play this game a lot and it's pretty fun
76561198348361513,Recommended,438740,32173190,Posted: 4 June,all,✪Lancelot✪,good good ever i have been play in steam
,Recommended,438740,32016411,Posted: 28 May,all,Kriss,"Good game but like many new releases nowadays, games are released broken. First the servers not prepared for the big player base and now all xp gained and gear unlocked reset. This is a fun game.. just unfortunately have to wait for all the new release errors to be fixed before you can properly enjoy the game. If debating to buy this game wait a while for the fixes then it will be worth your money"
,Not Recommended,438740,32019514,Posted: 28 May,all,Bandit,"Broken a$$ game not worth $40 do not buy i repeat DO NOT BUY until they ""finish"" the game"
,Recommended,438740,32184878,Posted: 4 June,all,Professional Bro,"Pretty fun, needs some more polish and a lower price, but I enjoy it alot."
,Recommended,438740,33657727,Posted: 19 July,all,★MelonSquash★,"This game is amazing there some weird bugs though like how sometimes the cars flips up and flies everyhwere or where jason flies backwards into a rockand he instantly dies but its still fun nevertheless, so get this game its fun af especially with friends"
,Recommended,438740,33655356,Posted: 19 July,all,Inject,"it was a Nice game that basic on movie, but still have a LOTS of bugs and glitch such as teleporting randomly when get stabbed or get stuck in the land ... Hope the dev fix it Soon"
76561198006888073,Not Recommended,438740,32078321,Posted: 30 May,all,Six Sticks,"The dev named ""Ben"" is a cuck."
,Not Recommended,438740,32144429,Posted: 2 June,all,Cool Cactus,Really frustrating to like.
76561198158436907,Not Recommended,438740,32146014,Posted: 3 June,all,god,I've played 30 hous at the time of this review and I can say now that this game is bad. Its great ffor about the first 15-20 hours and then its a drag. There's only 3 maps in this game and you cant tell them apart. Theres not a single difference in each round. The game is super repetitive. I would not recommend.
,Not Recommended,438740,31970132,Posted: 26 May,all,Davy Chou,"People shouldn't praise this game just because it's functionally better than DBD. The game still has many problems which were knowingly present in the beta. Inconsistent camera angles, the usual post-launch balance issues, (seemingly for us Aussies) US only servers, gameplay issues, lobby problems, the inability to re-bind control options (I mean come on, seriously?) and more things that add up to make it a pretty underwhelming experience. While it's more fluid, plays better and arguably is a better overall game than DBD by comparison, it suffers from that same ""lack of things to do differently each game"" downside. It doesn't matter if the map is different every game, it's still the same choice of 3 ways to escape for the councillors and the same 'kill them all before they escape by x means' for any of the Jasons. There just isn't enough there overall, and not enough has changed since the beta, for it to really be a lasting experience; at least for me anyway.Many people will have given DBD a solid shot when it was released because they had hope that it'd turn into something better; because it was a catalyst for the genre. But if this game didn't have a F13 skin over it all, I don't feel like many people would/will stick with it.Visually, at least, it's great. It's decently optimized for what it is, audibly most things come together to give you the atmosphere the game's going for.But at the end of the day, I'm playing a game. And there's not enough game there for me to recommend it to anyone, at least in its current state. I won't refund it, but they've got 2 weeks to change my mind.And Jason teleports. They couldn't have given him any other method of fast travel?"
76561198069884025,Not Recommended,438740,32166367,Posted: 3 June,all,Prison Mike,Talked to Jason about eating♥♥♥♥♥ He let me live. 3/10 bug filled mess also should have been marked early access and sold for 20 dollars. POS Atm.
76561198072883577,Not Recommended,438740,32099725,Posted: 31 May,all,Gwyneth Paltrow,Not worth $40.  Extremely difficult w mouse and keyboard imo.  Honestly it's a lot more fun to just watch other people play.
76561198155717665,Not Recommended,438740,32454690,Posted: 15 June,all,|GhillieProSniping|,WHY REMOVE SAVINI JASON? SUCH BS BRO BRING SAVINI JASONNN BACKKKKKK
76561197990748400,Not Recommended,438740,32737716,Posted: 24 June,all,Mr. Duck Sauce,"Garbage, broken, glitchy, and horrible game.Waste of 40$."
,Not Recommended,438740,32240991,Posted: 7 June,all,LemonJuice,"Really good and fun game, i liked it a lot. Its just so buggy... I can't even play anymore. I got picked yesterday as jason and i found someone right away, i went to go hit them and i hit the wall and i couldn't swing, execute, iteract or use any of the perks such as teleport. it was an easy win for them. Not only that but now i can't even start the game. When i click it, it just loops from steam saying ""starting up: friday the 13th"" to the game going to that loading screen and then it endlessly does that. (if anyone knows how to fix that let me know).Gameplay wise, thumbs upBugs, very big thumbs down"
76561198005736246,Not Recommended,438740,32006416,Posted: 27 May,all,Krang,"This game is very slow, boring, and unsatisfying.  Even playing as Jason and getting kills feels cheap and undeserving.Pros - The graphics are better than I thought.- The servers are stable.Cons - Playing as the counselors.- Playing as Jason.- Gameplay per a match is too long.- If you die early in the match you have spectate the rest of the match just to get in game pionts.- The game is clunky and feels like a beta or early access.- Overall gameplay."
,Recommended,438740,32037391,Posted: 29 May,all,Kate Middleton,"Played this game for 11hours and enjoying it. It had a bumpy launch, but while ignoring it its really enjoyable and alot of fun."
76561198072528193,Recommended,438740,32681742,Posted: 23 June,all,Buzzbecks,"good fun, no1 talks much in game which makes it harder to play"
76561198311258461,Recommended,438740,33715639,Posted: 22 July,all,J.j 2-Classy,"This game is good but really needs an OFFLINE TUTORIAL so players can learn the game & practice. Throwing players in a online game, only after reading a some type of ""how to"" guide (that doesn't even tell you what buttons/keys to control the counselors/Jason) makes the game VERY HARD to learn, almost un-playable. Learning how to play as the counselors is very hard at first but it is easy to learn. But Jason, I can't play as him, it's so hard. Since there is only online mode you're basically trying to learn how to play the game, while playing against  experienced players, If you're playing as Jason in this case you'll be lucky to kill 1 player. But once you learn how to play as a counselor the game is fun TO PLAY AS A COUNSELOR. I genuinely don't understand how anyone can get good at playing as Jason in this game, you would have to play SO many games(Like 20+ games) & just keep learning from your mistakes."
,Recommended,438740,33757895,Posted: 23 July,all,n0thing,"ATTENTION: I DO RECOMMEND THIS GAME TO A CERTAIN EXTENT:Pros:Overall this is a very fun game to play, with friends is even better. There are a lot of things that you as a player discover while playing this game such as which counsolers are good and how to play as a ""good Jason"".Cons:However I can not play this game for more than an hour or so if I am alone because it does get pretty repetative, That and the developers of the game do not really know how to run there game in a sense. If you get salty at another player or say something pretty rude to another player, and that player reports you, you should expect a VAC Ban on your account.This is a very fun game to play with friends and by yourself but you should beware of what you say online to other players.OVERALL RATING: 7.5/10 (Excluding the fact that the developers do not know how to run there game properly)"
,Recommended,438740,33776206,Posted: 24 July,all,screwygirl,"I didn't expect to like this game as much as I did. When you join a game, you are randomly selected as either a camp counselor or as Jason. As a camp counselor, you need to escape using various randomly placed items or survive for 20 minutes, which is a tall order considering you are being hunted by Jason. There are many tools to assist your escape, including calling in Jason's arch-nemesis. Tommy Jarvice, who is the only one that can actually kill Jason (and even this is extremely difficult).Additionally, you earn CP, which gives you the ability to ""roll"" for perks that will either enhance your chosen counselor's strengths or make up for the weaknesses (each counselor has stats like strength, speed, luck, etc). You can also grab additional methods of execution for Jason.If you are randomly chosen to play Jason, your goal is to hunt down and kill all the counselors using the special powers: You can teleport to any location on the map, sense counselors that are nearby, shift to the counselor's location, or stalk the counselors. Also at your disposal are traps and throwing knives. Once you catch a counselor, there are many creative ways to slaughter your prey, and each ""kill"" has a gory animation. There are also ""environmental kills"" at specific areas of each map.There are several choices for Jason, each one corresponding to specific movie versions of him. As with the counselors, each Jason has strengths and weaknesses (ie: for one, the ""Sense"" power may last longer than the others, but his teleport may take longer to recharge). Every version of Jason, however, can hear his mother's voice telling him to kill them or encouraging him when he is stunned.This game should have a disclaimer that states: ""The developers are not responsible for intense addictions to this game."""
76561198198346665,Recommended,438740,34026460,Posted: 4 August,all,KFCyalater2016-Twitch,Great game yes there are issues that need to be fixed but always willing to give games a chance especially ones that touch close to my childhood
,Recommended,438740,33758805,Posted: 23 July,all,Chipto,Great and Wonderful Game
,Recommended,438740,33909003,Posted: 30 July,all,....,Great Game! Not!
76561198029302845,Recommended,438740,34426829,Posted: 22 August,all,anonymous,awesome
76561198054079370,Recommended,438740,33681107,Posted: 20 July,all,Seefer,"Still has some bugs that make you want to pull your hair out sometimes, and it's wildly over priced. However it's fun and keeps you entertained. Hopefully the developers show it some love with fixes and dlc's. Best bought on sale."
76561198263760126,Recommended,438740,33611582,Posted: 17 July,all,Dylan560,Friday the 13th: The Game is a very fun game to play with friends and put some hours into. This game can get repetitive if you are solo becuase of the fact there are only 3 maps and certain objectives but playing with friends for me makes it fun and less repetitive.
76561198162944123,Recommended,438740,33705920,Posted: 21 July,all,AngeryDoggo™,Fun Game to play with friends! :()
76561198309733970,Recommended,438740,33839507,Posted: 27 July,all,kdsavagepdyolo/youtube,this game is my fav game by  majority but theresz some thisngs they need to work on likepeople tht exploit bugs im alweays running into people on the top of the bridge packanack ands stuff like thtother wise this is the best game it is orth 40 dollars i play this game when ever i have freetime.
76561197999444586,Not Recommended,438740,31983704,Posted: 26 May,all,It's high noot,Not for 37€
76561197998197307,Recommended,438740,33119556,Posted: 2 July,all,Small dick; Fat tits,yup
76561197960634991,Recommended,438740,32041397,Posted: 29 May,all,Zogger,7/10
76561198353399256,Recommended,438740,32239245,Posted: 7 June,all,Zombiespro14473YT,This game is amzinh
76561198075996372,Recommended,438740,33130595,Posted: 2 July,all,oglonewolf6,when r they going to come out with sigle player i want to play this game offline i hope it wont be long i ws wating on youtube that when sigle player comes out they r going to hve more weapons and alot more other  outfis
76561198094426617,Recommended,438740,32013111,Posted: 27 May,all,Lawyer Morty,"While there are many glitches and some other problems, I have been quite enjoying the game. By far it isn't perfect, but how can anyone expect a flawless game at launch from a small indie developer? The game is a lot of fun and I believe after a few updates it will be a very solid game experience."
76561198037224895,Not Recommended,438740,31989014,Posted: 26 May,all,AfroBruh,Not worth $40
,Not Recommended,438740,33044136,Posted: 30 June,all,Mr Ninja,"Full of bugs, team killers , exploiters and poor map design.Been over a month and still no fixes for day 1 bugs and exploits...From the bottom of my heart devs go ♥♥♥♥ yourselves!!"
76561198289349306,Recommended,438740,32489652,Posted: 16 June,all,Knight,"The game's tremendous fun, and don't pay attention to the bug nitpickers, they never reach a point to where they would ever upset you (or indeed pop up more than once every 6-12 hours of gameplay, or once every 12 matches (or so)), while the gameplay is what pushes this game far above its competition. I'll take this questionably financed and a little buggy title over any COD offering, because CoD has no gameplay and this has it in droves.If I can recommend the team anything, 1, add some more counsellors (in a way that makes sense for the rest of counsellors and existing Jasons), 2, add some more Jasons (we really need some Jasons guys), 3, more maps (which is very important).What if we had 2 jasons in some super mode? Just food for thought."
,Recommended,438740,32330249,Posted: 10 June,all,tact,This game is dope.
76561198243898696,Recommended,438740,34428637,Posted: 22 August,all,BirdThatCantFly,Game could use some improvment but still fun none the less. I'm hopeful all the bugs will get fixed soon.
76561198344510746,Recommended,438740,34433462,Posted: 23 August,all,axelninja99,"The game is intense thanks to the chilling music and when Jason appears out of no where it always seems to make me jump. Friday the 13th is a game were the developers Llfonic and gun media have put in so much detail in the game that its very accurate to the films, it is a really fun social game to play with friends."
,Recommended,438740,34448301,Posted: 23 August,all,BV8655,I like the idea and the game is pretty good  but its got alot of glitches and bugs that the devlopers need to work on and are still contiueing (mind my spelling) to work on what im glad about is that they have more stuff comming like single player and more jasons
,Recommended,438740,34428063,Posted: 22 August,all,FK In My Coffee,"I've made friends, gotten in ideological debates, and become a more effective communicator playing this game.Also, I've roasted somebody in a fireplace.11/10"
76561198105543715,Recommended,438740,35483692,Posted: 4 October,all,AndrewJ,It's good but many disconnects and crappy Jasons that let friends escape. Go play My little Pony fattys
,Recommended,438740,34429713,Posted: 22 August,all,[1-F-06] Chief. Scrappy,"Alot of people have alot of issues with this game but for a game from kickstarter this is like the best horror game ive ever played there may be some bugs and glitches but thats simple to fix here is the pros and the cons.pros: talk to other  players in game, alot of♥♥♥♥♥♥to do, u can kill jason and it looks ♥♥♥♥ing amazing, alot of ways to counter jason when he grabs you, doesnt get boring unless you dont have friends, great place to meet new people ive made like 20 friends already, and thats pretty much it now for the cons.cons: bugs but could easible be fixed, exploits when jason goes into combat stance he can walk when hes trapped with a bear trap also when u throw firecrackers he can combat stance and just walk through them, people kill you instantly like 10 seconds into the game without even having fun, team killing which is being fixed, the price is way too high but if u like to have fun with friends go for it, and that summs it up this game is really good alot things too fix but it will happen, pretty much i will say buy this game if you have the money so hopefully this helps some people consider this game:D"
76561198307893473,Recommended,438740,35093483,Posted: 20 September,all,awesomenator9,funny to play with freand fun to find glichis also dont take this game like its a hard core horrer game
76561198216330025,Recommended,438740,34561561,Posted: 28 August,all,JoshGach,such an addictive game i really love playing as jason you feel so op like i the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥movies
76561197966918242,Recommended,438740,35090503,Posted: 20 September,all,FrankyP,Best game 2017 by far!
,Recommended,438740,35282467,Posted: 28 September,all,⚡ItzMoorea™ [Mikey]⚡,"This game is fun, get it.p.s I did this for XP"
,Recommended,438740,35431902,Posted: 2 October,all,Mayuko,Loved watching gameplays of this game which ultimately made me buy it. Can get old pretty quick! But I hope they add more stuff with time to make it more interesting.
,Recommended,438740,34532221,Posted: 27 August,all,Rhino,"I love the concept of this game, just a lot of glitches and other things like that. (just note that Jason WILL be overpowered in some way for the entirety of this games life, because you know, its Jason Voorhees). But the game is enjoyable if you get passed the other things."
76561198262940806,Recommended,438740,35082841,Posted: 20 September,all,IsuckatTHIS,"I mean It was really good when they haven't updated the game , however after they updated..."
,Recommended,438740,35317149,Posted: 29 September,all,D3Chavez,"This game is Killer (see what I did there? lol) I am not really a horror fan, or a huge fan of these films, but this game is great! Its rounds are quick and engaging as hell. You will usually try to survive the night as a camp counselor, or at random be chosen to fulfill your bloodlust as the nearly invinceable Jason Vorhees! As a counselor you race around, using teamwork or solo effort to try and repair cars, boats or a phone to call the police in order to survive... As Jason you get a slew of horror movie trope abilities, like morph teleporting, shifting across small distances, sense perception and so much more! There are tons of unique deaths and kills as well as neat perks the counselors can unlock to help escape. Sure, it can be a bit glitchy and a little clunky with the controls, but to me this game more than makes up for it with it's high quality graphics and unique game mechanics. All in all I'm hella impressed, and as someone who knows only a little about the films even I find myself immersed in the lore and stories behind this games world. I played once at a friends house and had to buy it myself!"
,Recommended,438740,35402668,Posted: 1 October,all,Irsyad {KGR},Please Fix The LobbyThe Games is goodHope The Dev Is fix the server
76561198038558664,Recommended,438740,34505084,Posted: 26 August,all,Emordious,if your a fan of the movies then you will love the game matches are reasonably quick so even it taken out early on it not like your sittin there for an hour waiting on match to end i mean you can always quit match after you die but if like me i try not to do that too often has a fun and easy levle up sysem and buying new perkls and killing moves is sure to keep you interested for awhile great game
,Recommended,438740,35094420,Posted: 20 September,all,Pennywise The Dancing Clown,"It is Good, speaking from a survior of friday the 13th."
,Recommended,438740,35403170,Posted: 1 October,all,Pause,Fun
76561198399706496,Recommended,438740,33350264,Posted: 7 July,all,SAMCRO,good game fun to play but not worth 30 pound. needs to be more than 2-3 maps available. i would wait for it to be in the sale
,Recommended,438740,34877985,Posted: 11 September,all,meisternice777™,Sehr gutes Spiel hat zwar ein paar Bugs ist aber ok. Aber der Jason mit Kartoffelsack ist nicht Jason sondern Peter lustig
76561198087731245,Recommended,438740,34169876,Posted: 11 August,all,PurchasePoem86,this game is good but they NEED TO NERF THE COMBAT STANCE FOR JASON and yea.
76561198173054842,Not Recommended,438740,35182435,Posted: 24 September,all,╲⎝⧹Doggo⧸⎠╱ ♂,its fun when u start but affter a while it gets old and boring
76561198112199480,Not Recommended,438740,35185830,Posted: 24 September,all,SenorCootter,"Lack of a single player game where you can choose to play as Jason or his prey as much you want is disappointing after having played it.It's all online and there's not enough Jasons to go around.Have yet to play as Jason.  It could be a much better game if they took some game play ideas from Shadow of Mordor, Fallout or any number of other games out there.  Buyers remorse.Not been this disappointed in a game since No Man's Sky."
,Not Recommended,438740,32515889,Posted: 17 June,all,ｓ　ｈ　ｉ　ｂ　ｅ,Very BAD Gameplay
76561198296373096,Not Recommended,438740,35161069,Posted: 23 September,all,Mel Atonin,"Broken game, glitches everwhere. please i beg of you, dont waste money on bad game."
,Not Recommended,438740,35160994,Posted: 23 September,all,Reaper,"A simply trash game, It suppose to be good."
,Recommended,438740,32009913,Posted: 27 May,all,DOR MEISTER,This game is really fun but its not worth the $40 price tag. I would recommend getting it during a sale.
,Recommended,438740,32060992,Posted: 30 May,all,Jym,8/8
,Not Recommended,438740,32014850,Posted: 28 May,all,letalis001,"NOTE: While I rated this thumbs down, this is actually a Neutral Rating.So to start off. I will say that the game mechanics are solid. The network code leaves a lot to be desired.For a multiplayer only release. the shift in priorities shouldve been to network code in the last months up to release because graphically. the game is really good. the frustrating things youll find if you get a ping above 150 are as follows:- Getting stuck in drawers that you search because of a dip in network connectivity, requiring another player to hit you to get out of it.-as Jason, having moments where you cant swing your weapon or use any of your abilities. and being stuck like that for the duration of the game until someone hits you. which is unlikely as most people are not going to run up to Jason and hit him.-acquiring an item and having the act teleport you randomly somewhere else in the room. this can be bad because if its on a bear trap, well, you know what happens next.And I understand that building a title like this with a small team probably wasnt easy. but id software was a team of 10 to 12 people when they created the Quake series. and i think that another month in a half stress testing the network stability wouldve been a huge help to rectifying these kinds of issues.As for why its $40? simple. Hollywood wanted their cut and that was likely to cover licensing fees.If they get single player in, which frankly i hope they do because it would let you test strategies and tactics with Jason outside of a live environment, that will help to justify the price. add better client prediction to the network code in addition to single player? and this game could easily be a AAA title. Right now? it is still technically a multiplayer beta. and when the network isnt garbage, its a fun multiplayer beta. When that status changes, I will be happy to append the review to reflect it. Right now, expect some technical difficulties from time to time, and alt f4s in frustration not because you lost, but because you got stuck in a drawer and couldnt swing your weapons."
76561198354350517,Recommended,438740,32513242,Posted: 17 June,all,BatManJr108Gaming,It is a great game but I dont know how to get savini Jason
76561198368788243,Recommended,438740,32601902,Posted: 20 June,all,kingdestroyer88,This Ripped Me Off I Didint Not Know I Needed AntiCheat For this millions of people Coudlve Clicked off And then You guys wont Let Us Try it Again Thats Stupid
76561198036390168,Recommended,438740,32190953,Posted: 4 June,all,Putzo,Fidget Spinner kills are needed.
,Recommended,438740,32605265,Posted: 20 June,all,Raithed,i love these game the grapics the gameplay its all just great i love it
76561197987415794,Not Recommended,438740,32028133,Posted: 28 May,all,dontleavemehanging,"fps and sound lag/stutter, constant in game freeze, even at intentionally lowered resolution."
,Recommended,438740,32247421,Posted: 7 June,all,PorkiE,GET IT ITS GOOD
76561198162170482,Recommended,438740,32588004,Posted: 20 June,all,Lewd,"What to say about this game, bugs, lack of content, really really annoying little kids on mics. Also cost 40$. That is a lot of money for some of the issues I have added above. However this game is tons of fun. The devs seem to really care about making sure the game is operational and are hard at work fixing things. They also are giving the first new content out for free. They might of been doing that anyways but it dose not matter to me. If you have the money of 40$ Id say Buy this game. If its hard to get your hands on that kinda of cash may want to hold off tell there is more content and the bugs are smoothed out. Either way yes Id say this game is worth it."
,Recommended,438740,32585773,Posted: 20 June,all,Primate Nation,If you can get a lobby with everyone having mics it is a very good time(Team Work Required). It was a ruff start but things have started to be smoothed out. all is forgiven. Gunn & Ill did a good job over all. Im looking forward to the single player update.
,Not Recommended,438740,31974442,Posted: 26 May,all,Mini-flower,NIce game to play 20 hours but the price is too expensive for its real value
76561198273272364,Recommended,438740,32030357,Posted: 28 May,all,Mr.Porkchop,every time i get in a game and finish it it wont give me the exp
,Recommended,438740,32023224,Posted: 28 May,all,Kenny Riedell,best game ever :D
,Not Recommended,438740,32005356,Posted: 27 May,all,josh,"Good for a beta, not for a £30 'finished' game..."
,Recommended,438740,32192338,Posted: 4 June,all,Foxenheit,Really fun game but its little buggy
76561198015130560,Not Recommended,438740,32026577,Posted: 28 May,all,Xela,All game time spent trying to connect. gg graphics
76561198021674313,Recommended,438740,32026571,Posted: 28 May,all,dobro,jason voorhees better be afraid
76561198121512456,Not Recommended,438740,32013937,Posted: 28 May,all,Macka Twister,This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ it always stands database login failure. i love the game and the strategi and teamwork. But if i cant play it it's a wast of money
76561198236951114,Not Recommended,438740,32531454,Posted: 18 June,all,CharleyTheBro,"I just got a big hype for the game. i bought it. it installed normally. i got to play it but then something bad happenedit was ok the home video like style but when i clicked ""Quick Play"" after 20 seconds in, it was loading then froze and showed up crap about, idk. EVEN IN THE LOWEST QUALITY AND THE SHORTEST SIZE IT SHOW IT AGAIN! please fix this Gaban, it the most unexpected thing i seen for a week"
76561198334199307,Not Recommended,438740,32533478,Posted: 18 June,all,vishal,i've just purchased the game and it is not runningit is showing a fatal error
76561198063277603,Recommended,438740,32551105,Posted: 18 June,all,English Eagle,Amazing game a few bugs but otherwise great
76561197964741729,Not Recommended,438740,32547901,Posted: 18 June,all,Niz,"just bought the game, cant even launch without .dll errors. goodbye 39.99"
76561198133986444,Recommended,438740,33097307,Posted: 1 July,all,staywoke | kendeezy,This Game is extremely fun. Its hard to get used to at first but after all that you can just mess around and enjoy the humorous Jason Moments.
,Recommended,438740,33197069,Posted: 3 July,all,Brother Merf,This game is pretty good the music in this game keeps me on edge and I just have been enjoying it so keep up the good work
76561198209132067,Recommended,438740,33262586,Posted: 4 July,all,Maui,Quality game can get a tiny bit repetitive but not really much of a problem game mechanics are in point graphics amazing and a awesome kill set for Jason 👍👍
76561198394220126,Recommended,438740,32513090,Posted: 17 June,all,PaprikaPirukas,8 Years old kid plays Friday the 13thhttps://youtu.be/E1hxasOGYrc
,Recommended,438740,33156905,Posted: 2 July,all,Weaboo,best game ever
76561198363176501,Recommended,438740,33071588,Posted: 1 July,all,notarealcat,This game is realy good i know there was a lot of bugs but devs are trying to fix it.
,Recommended,438740,33218268,Posted: 3 July,all,Sp00ky Focks,13/13
,Recommended,438740,33302627,Posted: 5 July,all,T h e B e t r a y e r,"This is a GREAT game! No doubt about it. It is full tension, thrill, excitment and what not. I have spent hours and hours on this game, and still can't get enough of it. Everytime I play, I get to learn new things. This game will never bore you. Buy and Have fun!"
76561198334594345,Recommended,438740,33217655,Posted: 3 July,all,Kitty Kaspurr,10/10
76561198364809926,Recommended,438740,32512429,Posted: 17 June,all,GrizZ,gg!
,Recommended,438740,33162176,Posted: 2 July,all,leonardoimmanuel,Good game for gain a teamwork
76561198016847962,Recommended,438740,33171828,Posted: 3 July,all,Radnetro,nice game
,Recommended,438740,33190163,Posted: 3 July,all,Weed.3v3rydaY-.,way good if more maps and other features are introduced
,Recommended,438740,33069093,Posted: 30 June,all,Bobson Dugnutt,Very fun game.
76561197963642045,Recommended,438740,33091304,Posted: 1 July,all,GooM187,"Great game overall, I haven't had any issues with it so far :)"
76561198276916473,Recommended,438740,33219763,Posted: 4 July,all,Im a fat jew,"AJ needs to be nerfed, literally in a game and AJ is literally sitting in a tent for 10 min, other than aj game is amazing"
76561198115506436,Recommended,438740,32396603,Posted: 13 June,all,dr. pandapie,the is so funny 10/10 i lover it
,Recommended,438740,32511040,Posted: 17 June,all,Sleepy -_-,I really enjoyed this game with my time its a really good game with the communication and its good in general but things happen that don't make sense like seriously why would i take a car when boat is 10x faster than jason and also being a survivor LOTS OF FUN so funny too meet people and talk and♥♥♥♥♥♥but also jason when survivor jason is funny af if you lucky you get that type of jason But still jasons also fun and goes off of actual jasons in movies
76561198170481917,Recommended,438740,32013468,Posted: 28 May,all,Robin,are the servers down? for i can't com in it stands database login failure
,Recommended,438740,33073168,Posted: 1 July,all,Frogfessor,overall this game is good but pls fix this Theres A bug
,Not Recommended,438740,32190887,Posted: 4 June,all,QuantumVoid,"I don't usually leave reviews, but this game really rubbed me the wrong way. A 44$ beta is ridiculous. The amount of bugs/glitches is amazing. Doors not breaking properly, stuck on terrain, killer grabbing you from super far, weapon hits not registering, etc etc. Also, Jason is ridiculously overpower. Any good killer will get a clean sweep. When he spawns, he can teleport instantly to the phone and put traps/break all the windows/doors. And then he can teleport again and trap the escape vehicles, leaving you with no alternatives but to try to outrun him for 20 minutes, but a good killer will stalk+shift you and you don't have a chance. Did I mention that you can't manually trigger his traps? So you have to step in it in order to use the phone/vehicle which will alert him and he can teleport straight to you. It's a fun game if you have a group of friends to play with and the Jason isn't a try-hard, but otherwise this game is not worth the money.Edit: I forgot to mention 2 game breaking things. First, 8 out of 10 games people leave as the match starts if they don't get to be Jason, and there is no penalty. Leaving the rest of the group to try to complete the impossible objectives with even fewer people. Second, there is friendly fire, there are too many griefers that just join to kill the other councelors."
,Recommended,438740,32351624,Posted: 11 June,all,MontTheMonkey,"great game, really fun with friend but without friends is still fun. but there is still alot of glitches and exploties. and finally there is a very small amount of content. there is only one mode, 9 counslers and 6 jasons.my final verdict out of 100 is 67/100below 50 - no 50-100 - yesedited: the devs will ban people for zero to no reason (the devs suck)but if you get passed the devs its a ok game but that changes my final verdict to a 57-100"
,Recommended,438740,32228983,Posted: 6 June,all,Hinder,game is fun but some people are gey and like to kill their teammates lmao
76561198139880388,Recommended,438740,32245130,Posted: 7 June,all,{MBO} Kreeftt,noice gaim
76561198134968869,Recommended,438740,32572024,Posted: 19 June,all,Tapiot Juha ja Kari,This is simply amazing game. I've been a fan of the movie franchise and i like how this game plays out. All Jason are balanced on their own way. My personal is part 6. The game is like death by day light expect you can fight back. Well Im gonna say you should buy this. But in so many matches theres people who dont have mics or they dont speak english or doesnt speak at all.
,Recommended,438740,32022293,Posted: 28 May,all,TiffanyMcThunderdick❤,This♥♥♥♥♥♥s ♥♥♥♥in lit
,Recommended,438740,33528166,Posted: 13 July,all,AncientGuardian✘,"I put not recommended before because of the game not launching. Sorry for that because Im triggered xD I fixed it already anyway. This game is fun but there are some bugs and glitches. Here are those:-Place 2 traps in the same time and stuck-When you killed all counselors and no one was in the lobby, you will stuck in the map.-I will edit more if I found more bugs.I'm sure you will enjoy this game as long as you don't exploit those bugs! :D"
,Recommended,438740,31969880,Posted: 26 May,all,Lawie,"What dead by daylight should have been without the connection issues. And it's more fun to kill as Jason xDDef a recommendation. Only the possiblity to customize the buttons, and we're good :D"
,Recommended,438740,32004955,Posted: 27 May,all,DankGamer,"I don't regret buying this at all, however at it's current price, I don't think it's really worth it unless you're a fan of Friday the 13th, or you're a fan of games such as Dead By Daylight. It's a ton of fun, some people say Jason is OP but that's the point, because otherwise, he just wouldn't be something to be feared. It forces players to think tactically and work together. Thankfully, players can't jump in and out of windows making it impossible for the killer to get to them like in Dead By Daylight, which again forces players to keep moving building to building and improvise in escaping.A fun experience that I can see myself playing for hours, but at it's current price, I'd wait for a sale..."
76561198111302134,Recommended,438740,32214845,Posted: 5 June,all,Mehermagerk,"This game was geting alot of hate because it ran poor in the first few days I waited till they patched it a bit im LOVING IT.The game is FUN if you like Slasher films then you will probably like this game it plays like the movies.It's Intense running our hiding from Jason, just a game i can think of there was three of us left two of them went for the car behind me and I swam for the boat had no idea were he was until he jumped out of the water and drowned me.10/10 Would get drowned again."
,Recommended,438740,32215263,Posted: 6 June,all,Pan!c,"I can recommend this game with one caveat and that is simply that the game in its current state is not worth the $40 being asked for it. It is fun, especially with friends, but it had a very rocky launch, there's bugs aplenty, dev team is tiny (but responsive), server/matchmaking anomalies, some cheap/broken mechanics and etc. Despite all that, it is very fun for the most part and unbelievably frustrating the rest of the time. I'll say 85/15 fun to aggravation."
76561198001045024,Recommended,438740,32214706,Posted: 5 June,all,keithikins,"In spite of all the problems and anger this game has generated, and all of the problems it STILL faces, I cannot help but love this game. It is highly fun and addcitive."
76561198189604122,Recommended,438740,32020234,Posted: 28 May,all,Concentration Camp Kenny,It's full of maps and many things to do.... and i never get to be jason
76561198054033142,Recommended,438740,33060061,Posted: 30 June,all,dart,Mommy issues
,Not Recommended,438740,33123881,Posted: 2 July,all,Alexai,"After having owned this game for about a month, and played it for about 50 hours, I feel I can finally put a serious review out for anyone wanting to buy this game. This game has a lot of pros and cons, and I am gonna difference those in two categories.Pros :+ The posibilities this game offers. Friday the 13th is one of those games that give players a good amount of choices to escape from the Killer (Cops, Car/Boat, Running out of time or even killing jason.) It will take some time until all of these options are used, mainly the jason's death option which is the hardest to get in this game. Overall, the possibilites to escape are vast and the environment this game has to offer and sets you in is stunningly beautiful.+ Improvement. The development teams always try their best to improve the game by posting constant updates regarding content or bug-fixes.+ The ''Teamwork'. This game is based on Teamwork, and it often pays out and even helps you making new friends. The fact that there is a microphone option for both the Killer and the Counselors gives the two factions a way to communicate and establish plans to escape.+ The Graphics. Of course, this one was a must. The graphics in this game aren't maybe the ''best'' but they are far better than in other horror games such as Dead by Daylight.+ The content. This game offers true class-specific content. For example, when playing Chad (Strong with melee/lucky) you will mostly use baseball bats as a gataway option, but if playing the fat guy, you will be carrying the battery/fuel asking for the stronger teammates such as the black guy/chad to cover you, since your domain of expertize is reparation as you are a nerd. The classes are well-balanced, and every counselor has it's pros and cons, making each of them truly unique and offering different type of gameplays for a variety of peoples.Cons :- The Price. It simply is too high, altough having good launch content, the maps are overall poorly made, having an amassment of same looking cabins with nothing unique to them. It would've been more wise to price this at $25 and not $40.- Rulebreakers/teammers. There is countless teammers that ruin this game by either helping out the Killer or simply the Killer helping the Counselor to escape whilst killing everyone else.- Still a good amount of bugs to fix. Sadly, altough wanting to improve, the team since to sometimes fail to fix some key bugs such as the possibility for a counselor to flip the car if hit. Another example to that is the fact that by fixing some bugs, they brought some new ones which weren't even taken in consideration, and which is a BIG MINUS for the Counselors : The Perks bug.- Lack of map diversity.This is all, I will try to add some elements as the game progresses.I would give this game a rating of 8/10.EDIT :Do not buy this game, everything that was said above isn't applicable anymore, as the devs are banning constantly innocent peoples."
,Recommended,438740,32094312,Posted: 31 May,all,Jarin,Good game
76561198006223199,Recommended,438740,32037380,Posted: 29 May,all,Syn4Pineapple,Fun game and moments in it  just make you laugh in the choices we make as camp councelor or as Jason.
,Recommended,438740,32221860,Posted: 6 June,all,Newton,"I really enjoyed this game I know I have not played this game for along time but i have plans to play with my friends in this gamePROS: Nice to play with your freinds, Very competitive.CONS: Glitchy some times, jason can be very OP"
76561198124312248,Recommended,438740,32221957,Posted: 6 June,all,sunilrao92(Prince of Athens),"It's a good game thus far but can be improved further. Perhaps the developers could allow us to jump over fences or certain obstacles instead of navigating around it.It would also be nice to see more character variety; the developers could probably allow us to customize our own character perks which will make for greater variety. The addition of new maps would be welcoming and also different game modes- to keep the game interesting. The shooting mechanics can also be tweaked a little to allow for better aim instead of being able to only aim at a standstill. Jason' morph ability should also allow him to jump over cetain short obstacles like fences or small rocks. The develpers could also look to add more facial animtion to characters, they sort of look mnotonous at times and if you look at them from the sides at certain dark locations, they're corneal white is way too apparent.All in all despite the above suggestions, it is a ood game nonetheless. I would highliy recommend it."
76561198390595056,Recommended,438740,31988344,Posted: 26 May,all,BlarezUprise,Please help I keep getting an error message when launching
76561198179969521,Recommended,438740,32120724,Posted: 1 June,all,ccoaxum,"Friday the 13th- Spawn as Tommy- Get two seater running- Friends hop in while they shout, ""Go get him Tommy!""- Swing bat at Jason- Jason instantly grabs and kills me10/10 Would Die again"
76561198210628759,Not Recommended,438740,32004352,Posted: 27 May,all,Bill Nye The Nazi Spy,This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥it doesnt work and always crashes bfore i even load in
76561198284557974,Not Recommended,438740,32130214,Posted: 2 June,all,flamingdragonofdarkness,"Game has been unable to open and work, keeps on giving error codes. Originally gave a dll file error, and now gives application error. Reinstalation has failed multiple times, and have been unable to even acess a portion of the game.If possible can someone contact me to fix this?"
76561198119219813,Not Recommended,438740,32003745,Posted: 27 May,all,Sloths,cant even play the game ive been to the main menu once in 30 something hours..... 70 minutes of trying to connect got in once went to play with friends and it crashed too just a big middlefinger to your face
76561198060393657,Recommended,438740,32159407,Posted: 3 June,all,Lord of the something,gud gam
76561198078543681,Not Recommended,438740,31968108,Posted: 26 May,all,LordAndSaviorKillerKeemstar,"This is a real 2017 game. If you are a real 2017 gamer that wanked off to all these triple a games then you will love this game.This overpriced game has it all wallhacks, teleportation and thirdperson. For $40 you get a great hide and seek simulator with shity animations. You also get 3 identical maps. WIth a few ways to win using car, boat calling the cops or survive for 20 mins. you can also kill Jason but its realy hard. Jason have some skins with different stats that plays the same. Survivors have skins and with different stats.The combat sucks its clunky as hell they have a combat mode but it sucks. The game feels like a disney game its not scary and it needs more blood and gore.doe i still hope they improve the game cause i wasted my $40. They should add more maps and balance out Jason and fix the combat system. But I am pretty sure that the devs will take their money and just leave.I would recommend people to wait for summer sales and buy it when its half priced."
76561198100355605,Not Recommended,438740,32003291,Posted: 27 May,all,KaliKuno,"It's a good game, but the fact that you cant play half the time because of the servers is really annoying. If your gonna launch a game make sure people can join! Idc if it's popular. I really hope this is fixed"
76561198085817049,Recommended,438740,33005567,Posted: 29 June,all,Fallow,good gem xd
,Recommended,438740,32114718,Posted: 1 June,all,Neferium,"I enjoy this game. Variety of counselors, things to unlock, variety of Jason versions. Pretty solid.Game has 3 maps so there is some variety and a good indication that there is support for future updates with more maps and possibly more killers?Launch was rough I hear. But by the time I got it, things were fine. I did have some problems when there was a patch released as I was playing. Made me constantly fail to connect the next match until I exited and patched.Overall, it is a lot of fun. Great mechanics. Good to do a half hour to an hour gaming when you can't dedicate half a day like many other games! Really not the kind of game you play for 8 hours straight every day of the week.Price is whatever. Everyone has their opinions on that. All I know is I was okay with the price, and would shell out the same price again if it meant a Freddy Kruger expansion with more characters. And another shell out for Mike Myers."
76561198155474384,Recommended,438740,33006341,Posted: 29 June,all,Depressed Moose,good game
76561198289963462,Recommended,438740,33006264,Posted: 29 June,all,Hanzo,the best game you get it and then its only 1h install and ♥♥♥♥ing fun for daaaaays this is the best game talk with friends or maybe Jason :3 the best game just two words (buy it)
76561198318840377,Recommended,438740,31967869,Posted: 26 May,all,raygamer111,Awesome game!! It gets a little bit boring after sometime but still a good game i totally recommend it. But the price is too high.
,Recommended,438740,32047468,Posted: 29 May,all,GodSpeed Naruto,ki ki ki ha ha ha
76561198097483791,Recommended,438740,32031961,Posted: 28 May,all,Roar6,"Super awesome and fun but in it's current stages it feels like a beta. It is buggy as hell and frought with issues with xp, perks, and jason kills."
,Recommended,438740,32331570,Posted: 10 June,all,Dergie,amazing game
,Not Recommended,438740,31987453,Posted: 26 May,all,Cenction,"Trash atm, filled with 2 year olds from either dead realms or dead light game or whatever its called. Game is super bland. Boring af."
,Recommended,438740,33331986,Posted: 6 July,all,WealthyChicken,lol watch this
76561198293056073,Not Recommended,438740,32132434,Posted: 2 June,all,Búda,It's just ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥tbh
,Recommended,438740,32149259,Posted: 3 June,all,Secutor,"This game is everything DBD should of been here's whyAble to use your microphone to work as a teamTheirs lots of characters who do different things instead of just using a perk chart although their is a perk chart in F13th in DBDMultiple in escapes, unlike DBD you don't just sit there and mindlessly work on generators you have escapes by a boat, car, police or by timeMuch more difficult than DBD, in my eyes DBD it's extremely easy to juke out the bad guy, in this one you have to be smart, using fire crackers, flare guns, base ball bats to stun Jason,But theirs some things that aren't that greatHow difficult Jason is to avoid at some points, and how difficult it is to win (If your team isn't working together that is) without a solid team you're not gonna get very far, unless the Jason playing just doesn't really care on what's happening, and most of the time that'll never happen, you'll get people with no mics or people who are so set on winning they completely ignore others and try to flee by themselves (Which never works)Lots and lots of people surprisingly don't use their microphone, it's upsetting that people seem to just que in without even saying anything, seeing as how you'll never make it without the help of others like I said before,But other than that I love this game and highly recommend it to anyone whos curious about playing itYes 40$ may be a lot, but I've already gotten more than what I expected it had me mindless for 6 hours first day of purchase, the thrill and agony of trying to escape Jason is something that I feel DBD seemed to lack but what f13th did properSo TL:DR fun game better than DBD in my eyes, worth the 40$ and BUY A MIC IF YOU WANT TO WIN."
76561198157231636,Recommended,438740,31993095,Posted: 27 May,all,MennyS,"Its a nice game but more bugs,please fix them"
,Recommended,438740,33177065,Posted: 3 July,all,Barboris,n1 <3
,Recommended,438740,33111084,Posted: 1 July,all,CojyTheDuck,"Ok, ok, so this game has MANY problems, not just in the bugs/glitches but in the playerbase as well. Some problems (not regarding bugs, considering these bugs have been talked over so many times and are being fixed by the devs) include:•Jason using the same kill that is the first one unlocked and the easiest grab-kill to use (as it doesn't require flat ground like many other kills)•Jason's that spam the melee attack to kill every counseler•Lack of text chat in-game for people without mics to communicate while playing.•Lack of balancing that results in low-level players and high-level players being mixed togetherThese are just some of the issues the game has, some of these may be opinion based but this is a review with my opinions. Regardless of these issues, this game is absolutely fun, even with randoms. Lobby's become a mixed bag of people, and you'll meet plenty of different people, some fun, some competitive, and some just salty, but it doesn't matter who you are playing with because the matches are usually fun. Yes, sometimes you will get screwed over at the beginning of the game as a counselor by Jason, but you won't get horrible matches every time you play. Playing as Jason is a blast too, since he's the big-bad of the game and has great abilities to use at his fingertips.With the negative backlash this game is getting, it's been said that the game is buggy and unbalanced, but the game is still great to play, even better with friends. I recommend this game not for the playerbase or the connection it has with the franchise, but for the gameplay that grabs your attention and makes you think on your feet both while playing as a counselor and Jason."
76561198135752459,Not Recommended,438740,32564754,Posted: 19 June,all,""" ""","This game needs Regions! Region for Russia, Region for China and so on....."
76561198117287235,Recommended,438740,31970443,Posted: 26 May,all,Savage Duck,Please describe what you liked or disliked about this game and whether you recommend it to others.Please remember to be polite and follow the Rules and Guidelines.
76561198090314752,Recommended,438740,32182055,Posted: 4 June,all,Dequius,"This game has had a rough release. During the first three days, I couldnt even get to the main menu because I couldnt connect to the game's severs. Once that was fixed and me and my friends were actually able to play the game we encountered lots of bugs and people basically cheating at the game by using a glitch that allowed the counselors to sprint around the map without running out of stamina which made it very difficult for Jason to catch them. It was a pain while it lasted but was quickly patched.Even though there are still some bugs that need to be fixed, and maybe some small balancing issues aswell, I can honestly say I haven't had this much fun playing a game with my friends in a long time. Every match feels like you are taking part in your own little slasher flick and makes for some intense, bad♥♥♥♥♥ and sometimes, hilarious moments.If the develelopers keep improving and adding content, Friday the 13th: The Game has the potential to become a classic that I and many others will continue to enjoy long into the future."
,Not Recommended,438740,31984163,Posted: 26 May,all,LostSibling,"So I run the game.Database error.Wait 3 hours.Run the game again, and the game opens.I join a game and I crash in the first 10 minutes.In that game I realised that I have no perks on jason or the campers.I put some perks on both jason and the campers.Infinite loading loop.Try 20 more times.Same loading loop.♥♥♥♥ it i'll join a game anyways.Crashes again.♥♥♥♥ this game."
76561198151733823,Not Recommended,438740,32833637,Posted: 26 June,all,spoc89,This could be really fun if it wasn't for the ridiculously clunky controls. It makes the game unplayable for the most part and very infuriating. I shouldn't have to spread my hands all over a keyboard just to play that sort of game.
76561198140509006,Not Recommended,438740,32825150,Posted: 26 June,all,Headlessam,"Upon launching the game, I ran into four different errors:""XINPUT1_3.dll is missing""""X3DAudio1_7.dll is missing""""XAPOFX1_5.dll is missing""""MSVCP140.dll is missing""I've went as far as to completely reinstall windows to find that it still doesn't work.I cannot review this game directly, because it won't even work.$40 down the drain."
,Recommended,438740,31998408,Posted: 27 May,all,Atomic Zombie,It seems you gotta use teamwork to win. NAW I DON'T NEED THAT. -dies 5 seconds later-
,Recommended,438740,32084615,Posted: 31 May,all,traffic cone,It's good
76561197976754217,Recommended,438740,32020380,Posted: 28 May,all,Dexterous,"While the developers work their♥♥♥♥♥off fixing the issues that remain. I can say that I 100% recommend this game.Sure the servers aren't the best, but significant work has already been placed into making them better and more work is still currently being done to make sure we get the best experience possible.Australian servers DO exist and I can play with a lovely 20-40ping.The death animations are brutal and well made, The graphics set the right tone and feel for the game and whilst the FOV is limited it gives you a sense of immersion that wouldn't have been achieved otherwise.People saying Jason is overpowered I 100% agree... and that is how it should be. You want balance go to a competitive game, This is survival and it’s damn addictive!"
,Recommended,438740,32020008,Posted: 28 May,all,KingRagnar,"the game is great. the bad reviews are somewhat isolated. I have very few issues at all, however i do see what everyone is commenting negatively about. As far as simple things like windows not opening, this is a minor issue and is easily corrected with becoming better acclimated to the game. I do think there should be a lot more to unlock and better customization."
,Recommended,438740,32138712,Posted: 2 June,all,▲▼NickTheBeast▼▲,Recomend it
76561198086337990,Recommended,438740,32138961,Posted: 2 June,all,John Zoidberg,For me the game is a bit glitchy but it's still really fun
76561197985637026,Not Recommended,438740,32613633,Posted: 21 June,all,Cham🌹,"This game is broken beyond hell, holy ♥♥♥♥.So i've played this game for more than 2 weeks now (I think?)and here's the reviewwwwwwwww.Beyond the sort of beautiful graphics that we are being offered, the models in this game looks like they took one of those ""try stay happy and positive"" mind boggling classes and they look they are either really happy about being in a slasher situation, or they look like they will crap their pants at every sight they see.The game mechanics at this game is stupid, why do I have to HOLD in E to repair something, as in clicking left or right mouse button at those tiny repair chances (unless your repair is great) isn't difficult enough?Also why do they offer melee weapons when hitting jason doesn't work on the female characters? completely useless to grab a steel pipe or wrench when someone is being grabbed and it don't do♥♥♥♥♥♥Jason's grab range is INSANELY overpowered, he can grab people over a couch, from someone standing 5 feet away from them, or when someone is running left of him, and what does it give you when he grabs you? a dumbass ""tap E bar to get free"" which DOESNT WORK AT ALL cause why? the game is stupid and needs fixing, thank you.What about the content? Not a whole lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥for like 40$, but might be fun for like 1 week or so, if you like being jason and killing people that don't know how to team work, lol.And let's not even talk about the community, christ, I mean, I've gotten the sweet friends from that game, they are great, whatever, but most of them are filled with tryhard kids that are like ""git guud nuub blehegegeheg"" and spitting out other cringy♥♥♥♥♥shit about Jason not being too op, or they teamkill you, or they teamwork with jason and THEN kill you, oh and also, there is no votekick mechanic? GREAT.Anywho, imma get a refund for this game, and buy something more better.don't get this game, seriously, don't buy it, it needs more content, glitch fixes and Jason needs a fatass nerf."
,Recommended,438740,31967387,Posted: 26 May,all,Wise,10/10
,Recommended,438740,33013651,Posted: 29 June,all,im a girl,this game is really fun to play with friends. or alone. when u get to be jason/the killer it chance you to another person until you be a surviver. when you are the killer and grab kill one you have this feeling :ahh die ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ die: or ill have that. it does still have glichtes but it is a new game. as jason/the killer you are suposed to kill evryone and make sure no one escapes. you have 4 abilities. morph: makes you able to teleport any where you want on the map. sense: makes you able to see survivers if there are scared. and if you are close enough. shift: makes you move faster then a car wich last in a short time. stalk: Mutes the music and make you more silent. Jason/the killer can move under water all the time without dying. as surviver you are suposed to escape. there are 4 ways to escape. 1: fix a car and drive away. 2 fix the boat and get away with that. 3: call the police and get over to them. 4: take Jason/the killer out once and for all. as surviver you get some weapons you can find on the map. theres 8 melee weapons. 2 kind of guns. and a bear trap. you can also find tools like a pocket knife to get out of Jasons/the killers grab much much quicker. a spray to heal your self or other if Jason/the killer have hit you or your friend. you can buy perks wich give makes you eisier to hide for Jason/the killer. if you dont have a mic like me you cant talk with people in-game. but it is still fun. the way to kill Jason/the killer as a surviver you have to do this. Get Jasons/the killers mothers sweater. 2 tommy jarvis have to be in the map. 3 you have hit jason/the killer until he loses his mask. 4 tommy jarvis must have a machete. 5 press Q to activate the sweater thing and hit him after that Tommy Jarvis have to hit him and then he is killed.Friday the 13th the game 10/10
,Recommended,438740,33017884,Posted: 29 June,all,JP_Dannenberg,"It is a great game, best of its kind"
76561198308923253,Recommended,438740,33017186,Posted: 29 June,all,R.I.P Tom Petty,"I play this on my PS4 and I really recommend this game. To me, this is more of a survival game than a horror game. Really aren`t any jumpscares but the music is creepy. Play as a counselor is really fun but most of the fun comes playing as Jason with his creative ways of murdering you. Overall, Great game and has a replay-ability."
76561198395573282,Recommended,438740,32680957,Posted: 23 June,all,Псих в маске,"I on the one hand recommend the game, on the one hand the cool gameplay, but the curve optimization speaks for itself!"
,Recommended,438740,32735863,Posted: 24 June,all,Alex,Super fun game to play with friends and have a great time.
,Recommended,438740,32735929,Posted: 24 June,all,Okkenfarce,"Don't believe other reviews, you just have to try it and see if you like it...I liked it."
76561198079336963,Recommended,438740,32524065,Posted: 17 June,all,FaZe FLIP DIP THE 13TH,GOOD gafs fun and the end$
,Recommended,438740,32245177,Posted: 7 June,all,❤Winters Haze❤,I love this game so much yah its buggy but what game now a days doesn't have bugs they will all be patched soon.
,Recommended,438740,32141807,Posted: 2 June,all,Kithe,"In its beginning state, it's better than Dead By Daylight by an amount that is about equal to how much more expensive it is. I'm fairly confident that updates will justify the pricepoint later on, especially when you consider that the single player campaign will be a free update."
76561198314211775,Not Recommended,438740,32003233,Posted: 27 May,all,Fish,"Can't even play a game,"
,Recommended,438740,33597491,Posted: 16 July,all,Efun46,"No Problems so far! Except I can't close a door properly...Coming into the game I've played enough games to get me to level 5.The game is cruel in knowing Jason is overpowered. Though I joined into random games with people I didn't know and everyone communicated very well! We managed to actually plan right and kill Jason twice! Community wise I have seen a lot of negative reviews due to friends of developers being rude and getting players banned, which sucks, but I haven't come across this yet (Touch wood) and am hopeful the developers have read the other reviews and have done something about this.Playing a full server with friends is definitely recommended as there is no random there to mess you up and the in game voice chat works really well with the radios.If you want a game that's a bit more of a rush with your friends than I would recommend this! If you are on your own... Maybe get friends to play with, unless you want to run into these people that are getting you banned. Seriously if the developers are banning people because the developers friends are being jerks? Then the developers should start handing out refunds."
,Recommended,438740,33407901,Posted: 9 July,all,Nyklops,"♥♥♥♥ OFF... WHEN I USE THIS DUDE WITH 10/10 LUCK... NO KNIFE, AND WHEN SOMEONE ELSE TAKES THAT ♥♥♥♥♥ WITH 1/10 LUCK SHE GETS 2 KNIVES !!!STILL A GOOD GAME BUT I`M SALTY AF !!"
,Recommended,438740,33920047,Posted: 30 July,all,SOLID AS A ROCK,Great game but we have a lot of work to do
,Recommended,438740,32003975,Posted: 27 May,all,Boochap,Amazingly created and designed
,Recommended,438740,32463639,Posted: 15 June,all,TRD|KanYe,This game is sooo lit
,Not Recommended,438740,32007261,Posted: 27 May,all,The Poor Excuse,"I know it's day one, but I've played more of the intro screen and game freezing than the game itself... Including BOTH times I've been able to play as Jason... Making me feel like people think I'm rage quitting.Currently, I can't recommend this."
,Not Recommended,438740,32005867,Posted: 27 May,all,Ghost Paradigm,Very boring and repetitive game. Not worth the $40. Feels incomplete.
76561198128356616,Recommended,438740,33769177,Posted: 24 July,all,%Volumeto% [1939],♥♥♥♥ off this game is a peace of♥♥♥♥♥♥they didn't recive my money ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥es
28347129847128947,Recommended,438740,33771058,Posted: 24 July,all,carl wheezar,a very good game. i reccomend you dont use a mic if you are going to insult someone though cause if you say something to the wrong person you might have a ban coming your way. but if your with friends its fine.  your fingers will hurt when you attempt to break free open a trap or have to spam a button.i have played it for over 8 hours in the last week. it is a very addicting game.
,Recommended,438740,33704578,Posted: 21 July,all,AbsentThought,Great Game to own always great fun especially with friends!!!
,Recommended,438740,33636833,Posted: 18 July,all,LikeableGuy,GET UP JASON!...FIND THEM...KILL THEM!!!Do you know what your gift is...?You CANNOT die! YOU CAN NEVER DIE!!!Ki Ki Ki Ma Ma Ma Ki Ki Ma Ma Ma...
76561198149894114,Recommended,438740,33703032,Posted: 21 July,all,ღ The Gentleman ღ,a refreshing mix of open world exploration and pvp combat. Think far cry primal and mafia 3  love child.
,Recommended,438740,31967650,Posted: 26 May,all,FockinUppity,"An amazing team based survival horror for the majority of people in a match. Playing with complete strangers has been a huge blast as we team up, strategize, freak the ♥♥♥♥ out, etc. Surviving is a legitment challenge so don't think of this game as anything competitive or balanced, Jason is OP and that's what makes it really fun. Playing as Jason is also a blast (less so than otherwise imo). The feel of the movies is spot on as well. An example I have is that I was wandering the camp grounds alone when I found the barn, I stayed inside and set up several beartraps. The rest of the server showed up to the barn as they found each other and grouped up, I warned them about the traps and we looked for gas. Jason showed up and scared us all into scrambling to find an exit, in this panic one of us got caught in a bear trap and killed by jason as the rest of us escaped. The way Jason breaks up the teamwork is perfect and the tension can get real."
,Recommended,438740,31980771,Posted: 26 May,all,Succ-Sensei™,I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game
76561198075099315,Recommended,438740,33131484,Posted: 2 July,all,Fury,Nice game.
,Not Recommended,438740,32008662,Posted: 27 May,all,The Saint of Killers,"Started great but it feels like its still in Beta stage. Devs barely communicate with the community and the community is filled with trolls. You will be lucky if you don't get matched with teamkillers, jason helpers or just griefers.I'd stay away from this game unless you get it dirty cheap.I can't recomment a game in this stage and with such horrible player base"
76561198398124881,Recommended,438740,32547084,Posted: 18 June,all,brooksg1200036,its cool and super fun!
,Recommended,438740,32583394,Posted: 19 June,all,The Burgers of Kazuhira Miller,"This is a tricky game to review honestly. Its honestly an amazing game and I have not once at all regreted my purchase, but it has enough kinks and problems that it can easily drive away people who have certain expectations.Let me make this clear. THIS IS NOT A GAME YOU PLAY TO BE SCARED. THIS IS A FUN MULTIPLE PEOPLE AND FRIENDS GAME SINCE MICS ARE VERY MUCH IMPORTANT AND ADD SO MUCH TO THE EXPEREICNE>First of all, the game is only worth the 40 Dollars if you make it worth that and happen to enjoy it that much and to many that simply isnt the case. With the most recent patch, they made certain aspects of the game more viable. For example they nearly took away all of Jasons invincibility frames EXCEPT for when hes stunned or killing. So the problem of having a half second window is gone since he can get hit while grabbing.Every match boils down to a certain formula but how it happens and who does what changes with the lovely concept of multiple objectives. The game also emulates the movie trope of people dying because they split up and go it alone well. If you can group together, you can give Jason a tough time but only if no one panics.Jason is very very strong and that is a good thing. He is meant to be the killer that is taking down all of the counselors. So there is no concrete way to just steamroll a jason.Jason is meant to kill people and the game is meant to have people die. Sometimes it will be you. It sucks but its how the cookie crumbles. You are not always meant to live and sometimes his powers will make it impossible for you to live. In this case all you can do is stall through any means necessary. learn to accept you arent the hero of the story(unless youre Jason)The game has bugs and problems but its honestly a blast of a game. Some people do honestly complain too much about certain things but with that price tag the anger is understandable to an extent.Definetly one of those games you should buy if you arent poor."
76561198392874363,Recommended,438740,33131477,Posted: 2 July,all,Iroper,well
76561198381392877,Recommended,438740,33133183,Posted: 2 July,all,Lightning,I really enjoy the game but I think the princes should only be £20 not £30 and we have to download something on the files to get the game to work but then the game lags and all the video settings have to go on low the MSVSP140 file was missing when I first installed the game and and plus I love the online play feature.
76561198079256212,Recommended,438740,32473399,Posted: 16 June,all,RenegadeP,"Really enjoy this game, its alot of fun and every round is different which helps keep it fresh."
76561198390123801,Recommended,438740,32543300,Posted: 18 June,all,xXDj DeathXx,Loved the game I think they put  alot of work  into this game i loved it and i think you would to!
76561198296551762,Recommended,438740,32544744,Posted: 18 June,all,kEWMEN GAMING,"Yo! The game is great but i need some friends to play with , i speak english && i also play Hawken, Warface && black light retribution.Send me a friend request and maybe we could play together"
76561198056449419,Recommended,438740,32604895,Posted: 20 June,all,JASON XXX,A great game lot's of fun and highly recommend well worth the money. The developers are fair in their asking price and they don't expect you to go poor when buying this game they are very nice to their fan's and care what you think. They are a small game company who i highly support good people.  Best of all they don't sell the entire game give you half and call the other half dlc's expecting you to double pay for the game you already paid for.
,Recommended,438740,31998290,Posted: 27 May,all,Lullaby,"Great game great immersion, really fun to play. but the server issues is a huge bummer but they'll fix it soon enough."
76561198273591910,Recommended,438740,32465842,Posted: 15 June,all,>DeadpooL<,игра топ
,Not Recommended,438740,32026447,Posted: 28 May,all,GODoBo,Early access game.
,Recommended,438740,32373295,Posted: 12 June,all,TheExplosion3,"good game 10/10 deefinitely no bugs, obviously isnt bad. 9/11 memes."
,Recommended,438740,32026262,Posted: 28 May,all,Zeph4a,I love this game!It has its glitches and issues but hey its legit fun.
76561198349417234,Not Recommended,438740,32024076,Posted: 28 May,all,mickeybarrow13,"steam says i played an hour, umm....... NO. havent been able to play one second!!! cant even log in. BIG DISAPPOINTMENT."
,Not Recommended,438740,32025498,Posted: 28 May,all,Claus,"They really cashed in on the old movies with this, the game itself however is a forgettable experience with lazy mechanics that shows the incompetence of the developers.On top of that the progression system is broken right now, i don't think i need to say more.Just don't waste your hard earned money on this cash grab, 10-15 bucks would be a more fair price."
,Recommended,438740,32032126,Posted: 28 May,all,Momo Deviluke,Clicking retry simulator
76561198149320457,Recommended,438740,32011032,Posted: 27 May,all,boba_fitt_,I've liked it so far (outside of the issues with servers which seemed inevitable). It's like a gory game of hide and seek. I just wish they would specify a window for when the single player update will happen.
76561198155942523,Recommended,438740,32009226,Posted: 27 May,all,USMC Raiders Lcpl Legido,right now the servers are down they pretty much have  been since its release for the most part which makes it unplayable literally at the moment.  the game itself is fun with the right players just needs to actually work
76561198159573284,Recommended,438740,32010977,Posted: 27 May,all,Blastman1,"okay i've playing 23 hours enjoyed it so much and had a lot of laughs and just good fun, but there still are things that need to be fixed."
,Recommended,438740,33806971,Posted: 26 July,all,Руфус,ПОСТНОЯННО ВЫЛЕТАЕТ КОГДА НАХОДИШЬ ИГРУ И РАЗ В 60 РАЗ ИГРЫ ПОПОДАЕШЬ ЗА ВЫЖИВШОГО А НЕ ЗА ДЖЕЙСОНА НЕНАВИЖУ ЭТУ ИГРУ НО СТАВЛЮ ПОЛОЖИТЕЛЬНЫЙ ОТЗЫВ ЧТОБЫ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ДЖЕЙСОН ВЫПОДАЛ А ТО С МОМЕНТА ПЛОХОГО ОТЗЫВА ОН НИ РАЗУ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥НЕ ВЫПАЛ ПРЕДСТАВЛЯЕТЕ
,Recommended,438740,32010945,Posted: 27 May,all,Genyu,Hi!!! The game is great!!!! One thing though while playing at Higgins as Jason I got stock on one of the houses. but thats the only bug I encountered playing the game. Had lots of fun moment as both counselors and Jason!!
,Recommended,438740,32010970,Posted: 27 May,all,parachan,Asymmetric games are my jam. I had a bunch of fun with Dead By Daylight and will continue to have the same enjoyment from Friday the 13th. My only complaint is that I can't queue up as Jason.
,Not Recommended,438740,31975283,Posted: 26 May,all,Kristina,"It's fun for the time being, but really not worth the money. For that price one would expect that simple basics like playing with friends (since it's obviously categorized with ONLINE MULTI-PLAYER) would work before they even release it. Also that game is really not beginner friendly. I often found myself not knowing where to actually go before I ultimately got killed by Jason. (I mean there isn't much one can do to escape him anyways?) It's just a buggy mess and I've expected more."
,Not Recommended,438740,32032198,Posted: 28 May,all,Mr.Robot,"Paid $60 in early backing stage. And instead of getting the game early, I had to watch people on twitch play it a few days ahead of everyone and get to keep there progression.Litterly this was a iconic item and a underdevopled team took that and made a♥♥♥♥♥♥game.It look's ♥♥♥♥ing beautiful! But there are so many bugs, so many clunky gameplay, and just broken server's. Game was released thursday at midnight, and ever since then your progession didn't save, can't even log into game, etc.And I dont want to hear ""ohh they a small team etc"".This was a game that was crowed funded and some how those people that paided for this game before it was actually anything got ♥♥♥♥ed. So thank's Gunmedia, I will never back any project again and forsurly steer people from your trash.Great game/♥♥♥♥♥♥company. I would have picked EA or even Ubi for this game FFS..."
,Not Recommended,438740,34575676,Posted: 29 August,all,Waly,"Don't... Died fan base, just buy Dead By Daylight instead."
,Not Recommended,438740,32110877,Posted: 1 June,all,Mistato,Terrible grabbing lag. Shift Grab shouldn't be a thing. Awesome concept but can't recommend this game as a released game yet.
,Not Recommended,438740,32059755,Posted: 30 May,all,EliteSnitch,I played the game 2 hours and its definitely not worth that much money. Even for an alpha Game it is too unstable / unfinished.
,Recommended,438740,32075425,Posted: 30 May,all,Coffee Addicted,SANDBOX Version of Dead By daylight
76561198077182053,Not Recommended,438740,32033325,Posted: 28 May,all,ugaexploder,"This is absolutely unacceptable.  The patch that was put out basically made early adopters unable to connect to matchmaking.  This was intentionally done so they could sell more game and have new players connect, but not ones who purchased pre-order.  This is the, ""I have your money so ♥♥♥♥ off"" mentality.  There have been and probably will not be any concessions from this.  Just a big middle finger from the developer.  I want my money back.  I have wasted enough time waiting for this disaster of a release.  Ridiculous."
76561198131101100,Recommended,438740,34801491,Posted: 7 September,all,Dark Maniac(╥﹏╥),Woyyyyyyyy!!!Cool
76561197985266570,Not Recommended,438740,32360559,Posted: 12 June,all,"Violence, Speed, Momentum",why the ♥♥♥♥ am i playing with chinese people & I live in Florida.GET THE OUTTA HERE!
76561198061810972,Not Recommended,438740,32121518,Posted: 1 June,all,13r4nn0n,Do not spend 40 dollars on this unfinished game. Not worth it.
76561198139408649,Not Recommended,438740,32054806,Posted: 29 May,all,Ablutomaniac,"If this game wasn't part of the Friday the 13th Franchise,it would be in Early Access.I mean it when I say that more effort went into the cut scenes than the actual gameplay. And this is a MULTIPLAYER game.Here are just a few of the issues that ruined any imersion for me:- You're character jogs at a snails pace.- Chases aren't exciting. They feel like a midnight stroll with your smelly aunt Selma- The combat is clunky at best- Hiding is useless (Jason has x-ray vision)- Kills aren't rewarding. They are either too easy, or a tedious chore when you jog after someone.- The soundtrack is obnoxious. I have no idea what the developers were thinking, but you shouldn't have a trumpet blasting in your ear when the killer is in another building. That should only happen when he pops up for a jump scare.- Survivors look and act cheesy.- Half the survivors leave before the game begins. (with no balancing to compensate)- It's basically a scavenger hunt.- I'm not afraid of the killer. The Friday the 13th movies are thrilling. This game is boring.But worst of all, my imersion is broken by all of the above.TLDR: Don't waste $40 on this game. I asked players in-game if they thought it was worth the asking price, and only one of them (a 10-year-old) said yes. When I asked him ""why?"" he said because it's Friday the 13th.If you're a fan of the series, wait until it's on sale for <$20, or just try it for less than two hours then return it."
,Not Recommended,438740,32334413,Posted: 10 June,all,Kolt,Played it for a bit.Controls are wonky.Camera angles are♥♥♥♥♥♥Felt very dull.
76561198131007861,Not Recommended,438740,32056559,Posted: 29 May,all,Illumi-naughty,"40 bucks for this? There isn't even enough content to call it early access, much less a full release. There are what, 4 or 5 ways for the survivors to escape? A complete lack of ways to combat Jason, who one shots you unless you got lucky enough to find a rare item in a random drawer. Half the game is RNG, there is no real stealth system, complete lack of balance, the fear system doesn't make sense, and there are so many bugs its disgusting. Save your money, don't buy this game, or at least wait a year or two so they can fix a bug or two. Who knows, maybe they won't even fix anything, just keep throwing out patches then reroll them to a previous build. It's all they have done so far. Don't pay $40 for an alpha build of a game."
,Recommended,438740,34644857,Posted: 31 August,all,↕Limbo↕,"With all the hate on the team and the game I'm not changing the way I feel about this game. This game is wonderful and fun, The community can be a pain at times but once you get past it this becomes alot of fun to play. Whether it be messing around or try harding it's a REALLY fun game, Also with more of this content coming in after people ♥♥♥♥♥ed and moaned (which is ♥♥♥♥ing rediculous, I played the game for this long without this new stuff and I would be happy to play it everyday), this is just going to make the matchmaking and replayability a lot more long standing. If any of the Devs read this I want you to know keep up the great work and keep this train a' roolin'!!!!!!"
76561198158655677,Not Recommended,438740,34568915,Posted: 28 August,all,Parkinson's disease,"If Jason will find you and try to kill you, you will die anyways. Btw it's not hard for him to find you. Houses wont save you, they will just make your life 20 sec longer. If you'll manage to start the car after finding a gas can, a battery and keys all the Jason needs to do is open his map and click on your car, after that you are dead 100%. The funniest thing to do in this game as survivor is to find machetes and fight with other survivors."
,Recommended,438740,34831517,Posted: 9 September,all,MANDRILLTIGER,I was hesitent to play this games because of the reviews but after playing it for 18 hours I think it is one of my favorite multiplayer games.I will say I can't say anything about the false bans as I haven't been banned and don't know anyone that has been.I had an itch for this kind game for a while and the other games that are similar to it really didn't scratch it for some reason. White Noise 2's player base was so small it was hard to wait for matches. Dead by Daylights gameplay just felt kind of bland after a while if you were playing as the humans. Friday the 13th have had neither of thoose problems.Mathces start quickly with IMO okay to pretty great groups. (Player base seems average to pretty good).And the different councilers abilities (and perks) keep the game fresh when you aren't playing as Jason.While there are bugs they aren't as big a problem as I think the reception has made them out to be. This kind of game with multiplayer and 3D graphics is a QA nightmare and it was made by a smaller studio. That being said there are only a couple I have come in contact with.The $40 price tag is a little high but it is important to remember that this game has no mirco transactions at all. Where as I felt a little annoyed with how much extra Dead by Daylight content was behind a paywall.I rarely write reviews for games but this game impressed me so much I felt it nessisary to others who are worried because of it's mixed reviews.
76561198283322378,Not Recommended,438740,34730513,Posted: 4 September,all,The Kill Your Self Person,"doesnt work in my pc, it should work well beacuse i have what is needed to launch it, when i try to launch it this comes out(The application was unable to start correctly(0xc000007b).click ok to close the application, i tried most of the methods in the internet. still not working and i cant refund it"
,Not Recommended,438740,35043949,Posted: 18 September,all,staatsshane,whats wrong with your gameI WANT A REFUND SO I CAN GET GAMES  TO PLAY NOT A GAME THAT DOES NOT WORK    THAT MONEY I SPENT ON A STEAM CARD WAS MY LAST 50$ I HAVE NO MONEY TO WASTE NEED GAMESTO PLAY THAT WORK YOU CAN GET A HOLD OF ME ATTim555staats@gmail.com
76561198028105367,Not Recommended,438740,32349683,Posted: 11 June,all,Combi_Christ,Bought and refunded after one game. Game just felt cheap. I don't think extra content can save this one.
,Recommended,438740,31977712,Posted: 26 May,all,★ReD HooD★,I highly recomand you to play this game.reasons:1. Its so much fun2. You can put the game in low spec (no more lag)3. Good to play with friends4. again its  so much fun with friends and online
76561197979875574,Not Recommended,438740,32553652,Posted: 18 June,all,Fantoche Dreemurr,"Tried to give it a chance.. but refunded- No control remapping- Obnoxious music- Glitchy as hell- What the hell is this VCR effect whenever Jason's nearby? You can't see for a few moments- Game lobbies sound like kindergardens with so many squeakers around- it seems like half the players leave a map whenever they see they,re not getting JasonLook it's a cool idea but I had to refund this, it doesn't feel like a game that costs 40$, it looks and plays like a budget game."
76561198059638941,Not Recommended,438740,31971120,Posted: 26 May,all,MrBabadook,"Even Dead by daylight is better. Not even remotely worth 36€Buy a better game. I will be able to recommend this game once it's price falls to 10€(Edit: Keep in mind that this is my opinion. However, a lot of people seem to agree that it's too expensive for it's content) The game consists of 3.6 GB And it's using modern graphics, it's not as if this is some kinda beautiful art piece."
76561198385321797,Not Recommended,438740,32006727,Posted: 27 May,all,DaFuq,it make me sad on how bad this game is im a BIG fan of friday 13th movies but this game is by far the wrost pos i have ever payed
76561198033432944,Recommended,438740,33547558,Posted: 14 July,all,James,Fun to play with friends..
,Recommended,438740,33918277,Posted: 30 July,all,Tommy Jarvis,Good game I would know because im in it.
76561198384165716,Not Recommended,438740,32052150,Posted: 29 May,all,colruttimann,"""A fatal error"" crashes the game after every match!A game so lack in testing and polishing it's straight up irresponsible. How can any Dev expect their customers to stomach this game?"
,Recommended,438740,34890607,Posted: 11 September,all,Wild Mudkip,Good game little laggy and needs more content but i recommend buying with friends like i did.
,Recommended,438740,34458772,Posted: 24 August,all,GritPit,"This game is great! Work together with friends, or pseudo-friends. Or be a murderer!"
,Not Recommended,438740,35096203,Posted: 20 September,all,Hammerchase,"It's fun at fitst but then you start getting the glitchs, and crashs it just not worth it. If they fix the game then it would be better than great."
76561198306836173,Recommended,438740,33448000,Posted: 10 July,all,Cobaltgunner,"This game is so fun and has lots of potential, just fix some server side issues, as usually i get really good ping (10-20ms) but sometimes i get 200-400 for no apparent reason, especially when i first bought the game. Nonetheless, I think that it's still worth your money even if people say that the game isnt finished. The glitches, betrayal, and players make this game hilarious. I'd never forget accidentally shooting Swag_Dracula with the shotgun xD 10/10 the best game I've played."
,Recommended,438740,32023761,Posted: 28 May,all,Dawks,Pretty good game.
,Not Recommended,438740,31977386,Posted: 26 May,all,Brotherman Bill,"Ugly graphics, clumsy mechanics, boring chases, repetitive gameplay, way too expensive. I'm already bored af after just two matches whereas Dead by Daylight is still fun after hundreds of hours. Requested a refund. Gg devs."
76561197964811182,Not Recommended,438740,31976670,Posted: 26 May,all,See_RaBBiT,"It´s realy not finished and the most uninteresting Loot-Simulator i have seen. The interaction or ""fighting"" with Jason is a joke. The game doesn´t tell u what to do and Jason just kills u. No hiding, nothing; Not that funny!!!"
,Recommended,438740,32629633,Posted: 21 June,all,business man 2018,buy me this game
76561198118000155,Not Recommended,438740,33013428,Posted: 29 June,all,tapwater911,no real gameplay
76561198400076485,Not Recommended,438740,33296393,Posted: 5 July,all,Yin-Yang,it wont let me play the game or install it
,Not Recommended,438740,32082537,Posted: 31 May,all,RossFuckingS,"Game keeps crashing, gonna kill myself"
,Recommended,438740,33436012,Posted: 10 July,all,LuL3D,"This Game is extremley fun to play and yes, like all games this one has bugs that need to be worked out but its not enough to hold me back from playing. This game is really enjoyable if you learn how your character plays and the role they have, and you will have a better experience overall. With the how new the game is and the awesome Devs behind it, this game has massive potential for growth and I'm excited to see what they have in store for this game."
,Not Recommended,438740,32764606,Posted: 25 June,all,Nijo,"I like this game, but adding a purple Jason = content?Devs, actually put effort into the game please.Edit: Another thing that undermines the game is the increasingly common tactic for Jason is to have a friend play as a counselor and the two work together. What is actually a good team game turns into a waste of twenty minutes.Then there are the many bugs that come with the game, from the exploits that stop Jason from reaching counselors, to the downright silly bugs like falling through the map.Edit 2: Although there are 100 levels, you unlock everything non cosmetic after lvl 31, meaning there is not much longetivity at the momentIn summary this game is a mediocre execution of a popular franchise, not worth the current price."
,Not Recommended,438740,32083247,Posted: 31 May,all,Dysfunkshnl,"Friday the 13th is a great time with friends, but the core gameplay is slow paced and lacking any real depth.  Jason is an unstoppable killing machine, and counselors are rendered so helpless that many matches turn into a game of duck duck goose. Maps are static, and Jason's knowledge of where points of interest like the cars or radio at the beginning of the game make progress as a counselor very difficult without sacrificing at least a couple of teammates.Jason's abilities are also a big issue. The phase/grab move is impossible to dodge. Breaking free of Jason's grasp takes far too long to escape. Both mean instant death 70% of the time...100% early on in a match.Server issues are getting better, but the extremely rocky launch has definitely hurt.I'll say if you have friends that own and play this game...it's a really good social experience. However, if you're a lone wolf this game just isn't for you.  I'm reluctant to call Friday the 13th The Game a good game, but the shennanigans you can experience with friends while playing is very real. All said, I can't recommend this game as it simply doesn't stand on its own."
76561198103601761,Recommended,438740,33948288,Posted: 1 August,all,DinoFrmPluto,First impressions:(Pros)-Sexy graphics-Amazing sounds-Very immersive-Fun game in general(Cons)-Nobody communicates(Mic)-Ping varies every server (never consistant)-Difficult to play at first (Requires skill like most games)Overall this game has been an amazing experience so far. I am currently waiting for friends to get this game so we can all play together and work together. But if your buying this game without a mic.. Dont bother. The key to this game is communication and currently I can rarly find a server with people that uses mics.I would rate it 7/10
76561198136662773,Recommended,438740,33611123,Posted: 17 July,all,SOGGYWAFFLES420,This game is really fun
76561198171467245,Recommended,438740,31976535,Posted: 26 May,all,gustvandenbr,I only have one problem when I press a abilety when I am jason it wont work can It be Beacuse I have a azerty keyboard Instead off a quarty ?
76561198236587688,Recommended,438740,31976447,Posted: 26 May,all,marvin.zoellner2001,Jason
,Recommended,438740,32131359,Posted: 2 June,all,El Breado,This game freaking destroys Dead by Daylight in every aspect of gameplay.
,Recommended,438740,34392897,Posted: 21 August,all,HF15,is Nice Play Party
,Recommended,438740,34426541,Posted: 22 August,all,tmohtaseb,solid concept
76561198392968481,Not Recommended,438740,32076721,Posted: 30 May,all,acdarrigo,HORRIBLE WILL NOT LAUNCH!!!!! ERROR CODE 0XCO000007B WASTE OF MONEY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198037645022,Recommended,438740,33683495,Posted: 20 July,all,imrathan,A bit buggy but after almost an hour of playing I had the time of my life....litearly the time of my life :')
,Recommended,438740,34379799,Posted: 20 August,all,Yirmiyahu,The game is great. Big part of the community sucks. Does not speak any word english or are just playing to spoil the game for others.
,Recommended,438740,32126203,Posted: 2 June,all,That Bloody LeatherMyers,Hell YES!!!!! friday the 13th the game IS FINALLY OUT and its AMAZING did you really want to try to be jason once after watching a friday the 13th the game well here you can go buy this game and have loads of FUN this is Just kind of like the movie jason hunts down the counselors and they DIE
,Recommended,438740,35212596,Posted: 25 September,all,Crimson,"Jason is back! And more powerful than ever!Skip down a bit for the actual review: In Friday the 13 game Jason from the popular horror movie Friday the 13comes back to kill one of many councilors you can choose for which variety of talents. Pick AJ or Jenny when hiding. Pick Kenny, Adam, AJ, Deborah or Eric if you want to be able to repair. Kenny, Vanessa, Chad or Jenny are made for fighting Jason better... From 4-10 players get thrown into a lobby with one randomly being Jason, and then Jason hunts them all down well the councilors have a few options: A: Repair a car B: If there is a boat on your map you can repair that and escapeC: Repair the phone and call the cops and escape with them D: Hide your way out (Do not try this very long especially unless your AJ or Jenny)NOW FOR THE REVIEW!PART 1 VALUE: Now I have seen quite a few people that say one mode is not worth $40. Well this mode is damn good at being fun over time! I have 90 hours and still have fun when I play.PART 2 Luck?: Well people can spawn as some lucky **** that gets a shotgun and pocket knife off the bat. But the game stays pretty fun even if your stranded with crap and the map is relatively small so it's not that big of a deal.PART 3 Being Jason!: When you start the game people watch that cutscene to see if they may get to be Jason.And then when the game starts you get to take those pocket knifes off the wall and the hunt starts!I'll also have a guide to both councilors and Jason at the bottom!PART 4: Being councilor!: When you unfortunetly don't get Jason *Sad violin plays* You get to go into cabins and grab things to fight off Jason. Also it is so satisfying when you get a pocket knife and a part to repair with! Also even when you get grabbed a lot of the time you can enjoy the death and with a silly community. I've seen two very hilarious scenarios. One asked if I needed a Dentist checkup before bending my mouth until it comes off. One killed everyone with a hug. Awwwwwww cute little Jason.PART 5: Glitches/Bugs: The game has a decent amount of bugs but the game isn't as bad as *ahem* Halo 5But you run into them occasionally. Also a lot of the time if you get knocked out when your about to shift it can lock you in position and throw you outside the map... Also if you put multiple traps down you can get stuck (Not sure if it was fixed)GUIDE!Jason: Right away at the beginning of the game you should grab the pocket knifes coming out in the cabin you spawn in.Then right away after you should teleport to the Telephone icon, and put Traps (R) in front of the phone (Be careful the traps do not go under the box or they will not work) Then you want to wait until you get sense and anything RED means people are nearby. For general purpose. The best Jason seems to be Part 6. I would say the worst one is Part 9 due to the lack of damage and traps. But most of the others are pretty nice.Councilor: Right away you want to run into a cabin and lock the door and open the windows and search dressers for itemsThen you want to move onto the next house when you can. Then you want to keep searching houses. If you find something roundish and tall (Hmmmmmm I wonder what Chad has been up to) It's the phone fuse. You want to ask in chat (Hold T) where the phone box is.REPAIRING: Go up to whatever you want to repair you hold E and then you press left or right click depending on platform obviously. For the boat you need a propellor and Gas (Same one as the car uses) And the car needs Gas and the battery. Then you need the Keys to start it. BE CAREFUL! Jason can stop it by simply standing in front of it.WHEN JASON ARRIVES!: Do not try to fight Jason like you can beat him. You will die unless you are in a group, then you can be more offensive. Also if you wanna be offensive. You need a character with high LUCK. Anything above 3 is fine (For stunning) (You don't need luck neccesarily) and ima teach you guys a few tricksOne: camping *****: You wait for Jason to break down the door then break the second the door falls down. Also putting a trap by the door is usefulTwo: Dodge a grab or hit then whack him (Also a good trick for Jasons to abuseThree: If you are about to be grabbed, Especially in close quarters: Try to dodge the grab and escape the house. It has worked for me many many times.Strategy, chessing: You camp a window and wait for Jason to come then he will have to go all the way around.FINAL REVIEW 8/10"
76561198400889026,Recommended,438740,34586671,Posted: 29 August,all,Cyrus[AT],"There some bugs in the german version of the game, first when you die as a counselor there should not be written ""Du Gestorben"", thats no good german grammaticaly. It should be ""Du bist gestorben"" (thats the same as you died). The second bug is, I got a medal in the last game but no medals at all are being displayed in the progression section. Please fix that soon ;-)"
,Recommended,438740,35255961,Posted: 27 September,all,Nico Nii,Love this game!Watched all the movies and I'm a jason fan.Tiffany best character10/10
76561198353319290,Recommended,438740,35072809,Posted: 19 September,all,Nicole<><>,A fantastic game which I made a fantastic group of friends here. This game is more fun with friends for sure!The graphics are good and the atmosphere makes the game fun and challenging. Cant fault this game.Made well and the price is fair.
,Recommended,438740,34789535,Posted: 7 September,all,AerialComb,"This game is a lot of fun, BUT obvously comes with acquire taste.I have paly the game over 100 hours and i am having a blast with it. Mechanics are simple you fix the car, boat or phone the police to win a match when you are playing the counselor. Each require to find the pieces to fix it and play a simple mini game of pressing the right mouse button and pretty much thats it. Once you get the car or boat driving (ok this can be a lot of fun) you have to reach and exit to get out, but driving it is kinda funky because the car does not drive that well and require some adapting and a good internet conection, otherwise you will be crashing a lot. All this pretty much summarizes your goals in the game.Every counselors comes with a set of skills that can help you win the match, some are better mechanichs, some do more damage, highers stamina, higher speed, etc. Some of this abilities can be pretty helpful to outrun jason, or to fix car faster which allows the team to win a match. Besides the skills, you can buy  perks whic allow you to increase your chances of survival. These come in a grea variety so it would be hard to explain all of them. Some of them allow to heal more, start match with an specific item, Fear resistance, increase skills, etc. Using these perks efficiently will increase your chance of survival.There is way to protectt yourself from jason with denfensive and attacking items.  Attacking items consist on a diverse variety of melee and some range weapons. Melee you can grab Wood sticks, pipes, a wrench, baseball bat, machete, etc. and range weapons a flare gun and a hunting rifle. All this do some kind of damage to Jason, and if you hit him hard enough you can take of the jason mask, and this allow one of the hardest mechanics in the game, killing jason. Once the mask is gone, you can go and grap Pamelas sweater (finding Jason's cabin), stun him and finally kill him with Tommy Jarvis by using a Machete or an Axe on Jason.This require serious coordination and is pretty hard because is pretty easy for Jason to kill you with the grab.Defensive items consist on a healing item, fire crackers and a knife. The last two stuns him but not for very long, so it should be use as a last resource.Playing with Jason is totally different and requires some adapting to it. I have seen a lot of people actually dont like to play Jason because sometimes can be pretty frustrating. To win a match consists in killing every counselor in a game before they escape. To do this you can slash your weapon, perform a grab kill, an environmental kill, or the counselor killing him/herself. IF some of them escape, you have to kill the remaining counselors to end the game. The frustrating part comes with the slowness of Jason, the erratic abilities he has, the fact the some of the counselors can outrun him  and with the help of some of the perks they have can make it pretty hard to kill them. Besides that, you can stop the car and boat in case they are escaping. Stoping the car wont gurantee that you will kill them, they can restart the car right over if you don't kill them before they do.Jason Has four abilities that can use at his disposal and they have cooldowns, besides that he can trow darts at distance and traps to put ont he ground to hurt and stop counselors. The traps can be very useful in some situations,because it helps to spot the counselors. At the moment they hit the trap, Jason can see where the trap was activated. These should use specially around  the car or the fuse box for the phone. That way if they get close they will be activated and know when they are tryng to fix something. Trowing darts can be pretty helpfull, but you have to pick them around the map and aiming can be very difficul especially because the counselors are always moving around, so using them only when you are sure to hit.The abilities consist on teleporting, finding the ubication of the consulors, dissapering and moving really fast, and stoping the jason music so the counselor does not know if you are close.. These abilities are easy to use but hard to use on the right moment. Not using these abilities efficientely can cause irritation, because to catch the fastest counselors you will be require to use them. Otherwise, you will be just following them around without ever catching them.There is different type of Jasons with a diffent skill set. Every Jason has its Pros and Cons, some are more useful than other, and definately some of them need rebalance (Machete Jason). When you start playing the game you will notice that there are 3 Jasons that are the most use, Jason Part II, Jason Part III, and Jason Part VIII, The first two can run faster than the other Jasons, and the last one can break doors faster.Now what is left to talk about is the bugs. This game is pretty glitchy specially because most of the time it helps the counselor  side. Some glitches will make Jason teleport to a different location vanish from map, dissapering counselors, flying counselors, counselors stuck in places where he can grab them, etc. There is so many bugs to talk about that talks badly about the condition of the game. If you are not able to pass these glitches you probably are going to hate the game.  Otherwise some of these situation can become pretty funny and have a laugh at it.The idea of the game is pretty solid it can become really fun if you give it a chance and if you dont take it that seriously, especially with all the bugs and glitches the game has. I hope the review is helpfull and I welcome you to play the game."
,Recommended,438740,34571261,Posted: 29 August,all,Papa Slender,this game has amazing gameplay and great concept. if you cant handle games that have bugs and you have no patience for patches and bug fixes or even updates then this game may not be for you. it lags somewhat on my PC but that dont stop me from enjoying this great great game.
76561198104344551,Recommended,438740,34619273,Posted: 30 August,all,Bevw,"This game is amazing,but the only messed up thing is players.some players are exteamly toxic and troll.they are stealing cars, escaping alone , showing jason where you are, trash talking, being racist and more....some kid told me some messed up stuff becouse ı was a girl. he was like 9-10 years old and told me really weird stuff.they are making fun of players accents or religion.( some russian guy asked for the keys like if anyone found them? and some british guy started to make fun of his accent. Also when they ask where are we from some arabian guy said ım from saudi arabia and they started to call him a terrorist)This is really messed up..(also ıf the player is a friend of jason he is most likely to steal the car and escape alone or just sit in the car and do nothing)this game really needs a report system."
,Recommended,438740,34955264,Posted: 14 September,all,PapaGoth,"Love it!! Only played with the summercamp map, looking forward to the new maps; and still anxiously waiting the singleplayer Jason campaign <3"
,Recommended,438740,32038926,Posted: 29 May,all,Sleepforever0 | Pvpro.com,This game is great ! People just need to be patient for the devs to fix the bugs and server issues.I won't make a list of what is good and what is wrong because everybody is saying the same things.
76561198009786810,Recommended,438740,33613146,Posted: 17 July,all,Roz Britanicus,"love this game so much fun and the game is still getting more thing added from what i was watching on a youtube video. You start the game and you dont if you and someone else is going to be jason ,its seems random but i have been jason about 1 out 8 games i play. if your a survivor then you have to run and hide or get to a house quick as you can and lock the door and start seaching for usefull items(hopefully car keys) . you have to escape by fixing the car (car battery and fuel+keys) or the boat ( boat propeller +fuel) or radio polce once your have fixed the fuse box (need fuse) if you call police you got to time it right because jason will be waiting or have a weapon to stun him (you dont get long) and sprint your♥♥♥♥♥off. jason can grab you from the boat or smash the frount of the car and you have to restart car or climb back in boat. all the time you got the jason music kicking in when he is close. team work is a great help and peole on the game work well with anyone from the go. head set helps alot but its not essential.  On my first game i was run over by people driving to get away from jason it was so funny and i later i hide in a locker (i had the car keys) someone had fixed the car and i was off and i managed to save 3 other players in the escape i felt great. If you get jason you start in jason's hut. you first power a Teleport to any location on the map it dosnt show you player ,so you have to have a gues the power like all the rest or on cool down timer's. your next power is sense so you can hunt players down. Then like a fast travel think evil dead the spirit fly through the woods (The player can't see you travel only when you stop unless you stop out of view. like when i stop in the water as a few player ran along the side of the lake and then jason walks out of the water and watch them run. the last power is stalk ( i will not lie , i dont know what is dose). As you level up you unlock more clothing for the human and unlock different versions of jason from the different films each with there own abilities you also get points to buy perks for you human player of choice. like my charater chad he starts with a map and is more quite wile swimming also wile hiding gets his stamina back faster. This game is alot of fun i have never written any review of this length before. There as been talk about this game and banning players ( some players were teaming with jason and hitting none cheaters with weapons to slow them down or blocking them) killing or slowing other players is fine not fair but fine but after if they are stood with jason waiting for round to end its crap these are the type of players that get banned on some occasons. Dont let the last bit put you off (just blowing the froff of the the beer). But in the last 30 games there as been no cheats ( i dont count cheats as the guy that hit me in the leg wile we were running away trying to get to police Yes jason got me and he escaped ). its a hard game you die alot more than escape but thats how its ment to be and if you do escape its because of planning and timing and luck. hope to kill you soon (in the game ,in the game) lol sleep tight KI KI KI KI MA MA MA HA HA HA KI KI KI KI MA MA MA MA HA HA HA HA. 10/10"
76561198352240109,Recommended,438740,34194725,Posted: 12 August,all,creepy dude in your window,it is really fun with friends wating for that single player though
76561198140734473,Not Recommended,438740,34562556,Posted: 28 August,all,Squadala,.
,Recommended,438740,34217856,Posted: 13 August,all,Herblin,"Might be a bit pricey, but a lot of the negative reviews seem to be from people who got themselves banned.  A bit disapointed in the quality of some of the servers & the game definitely has some flaws  / bugs.  But its all great fun and well worth your time!  Easy to jump into a quick game and try to survive! Even more fun if you happen to spawn as Jason!"
,Recommended,438740,32513453,Posted: 17 June,all,Rocky,"very fun and good graphics, much better than dead by daylight"
76561198012096082,Not Recommended,438740,32274192,Posted: 8 June,all,Redwee,"I never do reviews, but I had such high hopes for this game. I still have no idea what I am doing, Jason is so OP with teleporting♥♥♥♥♥♥(teleporting to locations is fine, but while being chased is insane). When I got Dead by Daylight it took me two rounds to really understand what was going on. This game just makes no sense to me. This game and Dead By Daylight (even though I know that game by heart) need a tutorial mode for the novices and visual learners such like myself.Also $40 should be $15.Plus it is buggy as hell.Game is meant for Streamers or friends.On the bright side the Devs really do care about this game and will be updating their game. I'll give it time and hope to change my review soon."
76561198070973319,Recommended,438740,31975084,Posted: 26 May,all,spashley717,I've never had so much fun rummaging through drawers! Great game.
,Recommended,438740,32348831,Posted: 11 June,all,Beal,hmm yes very nice
,Not Recommended,438740,32355127,Posted: 11 June,all,Volodoscope,"Overpriced for what it is. It needs more content, because after 10 hours in the game I just got bored of the repeatitive gameplay. I think we're mostly paying for the name and the rights. If you take away Friday 13 Brand, this wouldn't even make into any headlines. Developers really need to update and release content, or this game is gonna die fast.Pros:-playing with friends is super fun-proximity chat-story line and missions-ability to kill or escape different ways-characters have quite a lot of story/add-onsCons:-physics are terrible, everything seems to be in slow motion-character's facial expressions are just bad-constant glitches, you get stuck in walls, go below ground level etc-killer is over powered in a way that kills you instantly instead of choking first-gamer community is not mature, at most, random kids screaming in your earIt still feels like unfinished game, which has become a new ""norm."" Everything is in BETA or pre-Alpha for years. But developers still charge you $$$. Friday the 13th deserves a polish and fast!"
,Not Recommended,438740,32629471,Posted: 21 June,all,Ezio926,"Not enough content, play it with friends."
,Recommended,438740,31995602,Posted: 27 May,all,$U$A,"By no means should you get swayed by the people saying "" OMG not worth 40 dollars!"".It is a really good game, yes it has issues at launch ( tell me now honestly what game does not have any issues when it launches live???). But here is the thing: stuff like server issues, party lobby not working and some additional polish are minor things that will get fixed, its not something of a core problem like lets say getting pallet looped and not doing anything about it...these are just technical issues not game issues.Give it some time, the game will get patches that fix the server issues and trust me the 40$ baby reviews will get overshadowed."
76561198026411947,Not Recommended,438740,32156359,Posted: 3 June,all,x lysol x,Broken Game!Expeienced an audio problem that wouldnt give me any sound when i started a game.i verified my files and saw that i was missing a file tried reinstalling but still couldnt get the missing file i tried contacting support muliple times but i recieved no reply.i really looked forward to this game but the lack of any sort of game support makes it impossible to fix my issue.
76561198102459024,Recommended,438740,31981685,Posted: 26 May,all,Morbron,"Ok ive played this game now for 7 hours and i can say that its worth 36,99 dollars/euros but the bad side is bugs ofcourse it will be fixed im sure the devs are working on it as we speak so the game is a absalut great game and if you dont like the game beacause the bugs be paciente they will fix it and everyone will be able to play and have fun. this was my review of this game i hope you found it helpful have a good day goodbye!"
76561198204769731,Not Recommended,438740,31990155,Posted: 27 May,all,PaulTheIII,"The $40 pricetag for the lack of content this game has is insulting.The only upside to this game is voicecoms making it more fun, but that is ENTIERLY dependant on other players, and the novelty will quickly die off once people get bored of the stale gameplay.I would compare this game to Evolve, but honestly that is pretty insulting to Evolve."
76561198296535179,Recommended,438740,33382849,Posted: 8 July,all,Erisium,"It's a gun game. It can get boring if you play alone and stay quiet. So I recommend that you first off, play with a microphone, preferably a good one, be social, don't take it seriously, and play it with friends. If you're a fan of the movies, this game is a no brained. The game is a bit bare at the moment. While it remains fun, even after a hundred hours, just be aware that some may get burned out. Although, free content is on the way. So if $40 isn't worth it now, it certainly will be in the future."
,Not Recommended,438740,32058898,Posted: 30 May,all,Metty.,"Was looking forward to this game with my boyfriend. We played the beta and saw promise despite the ""early 2017"" that came half way through the year. Most of the bugs from beta are still there, the grab hitbox is still jank as ♥♥♥♥ as well. Combat stance is still absolutely useless, controls still can not be remapped and Russians are still allowed to play with other normal people. Perks while they were decent in the beta, buy what perks you want etc they are entirely RNG now. In my entire play time the only perk that wasn't hot garbage was ""start with one medspray"", yep that helps with stealth gameplay on AJ immensely.Overall it's good when it works properly but for the price tag it's not worth it. The game should have the EARLY ACCESS banner and be priced around 15-20 at most.Oh right and half the dev team went to a film fest day of launch leaving barely anyone there to handle anything according to employee twitter.Steam is supposedly issuing refunds for over 2 hours like back with No Mans Sky so here's hoping I can get my money back at least."
76561198127499707,Recommended,438740,33064880,Posted: 30 June,all,iAmTaco,same
,Not Recommended,438740,32956404,Posted: 28 June,all,GLaDOS ¯\_(ツ)_/¯,dont buy if you have a low end pc
,Not Recommended,438740,32948441,Posted: 28 June,all,DopeSavage,I have a pretty okay computer. Better than average. Can run most games but this game however was just so laggy. Don't recommend.
,Recommended,438740,33671090,Posted: 20 July,all,Яξąνξŋ,Poorly Optimized game.I can run Elder Scroll's Online On High Settings with out low fps.But im having 40 -50fps on lowest in this game.But if you have a really good computer and a friend this game should be lot of fun
,Not Recommended,438740,32818362,Posted: 26 June,all,CyberPunk 2077,"it was a stupid act, build so high hype but didnt prepare for massive player. Good Job DUDE!!!"
76561198272135998,Recommended,438740,34027465,Posted: 4 August,all,AwesomeJ0B2UT81,"Dispite the hate toward this game, it really is a fun game to play by yourself or with a friend or two, yeah it has some glitches here and there but overall i would say worth the buy if you have to money to spend. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,438740,33684164,Posted: 20 July,all,Jay,Saw man with mask broke computer. 11/10
76561198190487428,Recommended,438740,33768151,Posted: 24 July,all,Bongyoung Park,Easy Worth it
76561198066582720,Recommended,438740,32006900,Posted: 27 May,all,ItzzDanny,This game is really good I'm really enjoying it the game play is good enjoyable playing alone as well but more enjoyable when playing with friends the only issue is the servers keep going down and the online as a bit of lag they need fixing other than that I really recommend it
76561198146495892,Recommended,438740,31972633,Posted: 26 May,all,AnubisMuintir,i've been waiting over a year for this and i'm so glad i bought it!
,Recommended,438740,32003512,Posted: 27 May,all,Frosted Flakes,"Stop trusting people saying they got banned when they have ABSOLUTELY ZERO PROOF! Dilly Dungus got banned for called a 12 year old a ""♥♥♥♥♥♥"" and two girls ""♥♥♥♥♥s"" and no, they were not teaming with Jason. Don't trust random people"
,Recommended,438740,34102699,Posted: 8 August,all,ShrekBoi,c:
76561198076049158,Recommended,438740,33928339,Posted: 31 July,all,Reggie and The Full Effect.,"Ok, ive been holding off on reviewing this for a while now. I wanted to get atleast 50 hours in and let a few patches and updates come along before i gave my piece of mind. This game has 75% Love and then a 25% Hate factor for me. Im not gonna explain what you do in the game since a quick google search or ign review can explain them. i just wanna review the playing experience as a whole. The game is very fun to put it simply. I enjoy playing both sides. At 50+ hours, im still enjoyinh myself. But the problem is the social and functional experience. Now i know that no matter what game you play, its usually going to have toxic players, trollers and griefers. But this game takes the cake, if the community wasnt so f***ing toxic i would enjoy my self more, and if people that were reported actually got handled it would be nice. The game still needs  quite a few more updates before the devs can  call it fair and balanced and in ship shape. Thats my review, hate or love it. eh. if you have 40 bucks to spend and you can deal with obnoxious bugs and people go ahead, the game is great if you can look past that."
,Not Recommended,438740,32248041,Posted: 7 June,all,madworld1697,"im really disappointed i will ask a refund , its too hard to find a game and it full of bugs :/ clearly not worth for this price i got clearly too much hype because it was Jason but yeah... such a shame... i don't feel like playing it again even that i played only Jason..."
76561198015357231,Recommended,438740,32041331,Posted: 29 May,all,blea101,"Most of the negative reviews seem to be about the servers (unfairly) but I have to say I haven't had any problems with servers; I have been able to play it anytime I want. The game itself feels a little repetitve, it takes ages to build up XP, lots of places to search but rarely find something, can only carry one weapon at a time, I seem unable to communicate with others without a headset too- it just misses the mark for me but oddly, I can't help liking it. The realism, suspense and music are great. I'm I glad I paid £30...? No, wait for it to come down to £10-15 range."
,Recommended,438740,32041480,Posted: 29 May,all,Papa is my God Church,TL;DR 8/10 would recommendThis game is buggy at times however at the core it is still a damn fun game. It's not the next hype triple A title yet it seems most people came in with those expectations and left disappointed as a result. The developers seem way more invested in the game and are pretty active on Twitter to people's feedback and issues. RNG decides the spawn locations of the key items needed to win the game as the counselors which makes the game feel less repetitive to me. (Granted there are only 3 maps as of now). There are plenty of customization options and strengths you can choose for counselors and jason which can affect the game in crucial moments. And nothing is better than having fun with it all over the microphone since anyone can hear anyone if they are close enough. A lot of issues right new seem minor and can be fixed given some time. I'd recommend waiting a bit to see how the developers pan out. Maybe buy it if the price drops or some work gets put in a month's time.
,Recommended,438740,33650057,Posted: 19 July,all,Aykollin,"I mean i hope they add more substance the price is steep and the community can be engaging and fun or silent as jason and leave you cold and stranded after driving away in the car you fixed. Sometimes you be the hero and take one for the team sometimes your jason and just laugh as the guy your killing gets stranded by his friends in the car as you murda him. Sometimes you just cant help but love the game, other times your like ummm maybe not today. I can say im satisfied with the game but not everyone will feel justified paying the price it costs. Im a little older so reliving the guy who scared the sheet out of me as a kid is just alright in my book. To each there own . I decided not to give pros cons as its equal in my comparison i play and own alot of games feel that justified my oppinion but who knows do as you will im still going to attempt to make another kill."
76561198199800667,Recommended,438740,34073491,Posted: 6 August,all,Derpy Emo Sin,"Glitchy sometimes, but reallly fun to play with friends, the atmophere is really well-done"
76561198191336041,Recommended,438740,32008476,Posted: 27 May,all,ChIckeN_WiNgS,ita cool great gameplay mechanics lol kill yo aelf whoever said its bad
,Recommended,438740,32044519,Posted: 29 May,all,Panda,Funny :D
76561198048908940,Recommended,438740,32060477,Posted: 30 May,all,Rile Slapcheek,I need that singleplayer content because people keep getting banned around me.
76561198145578734,Not Recommended,438740,31990663,Posted: 27 May,all,Mr Bubbles,"Dosnt work, buggy as hell, unbalanced dev team that istn fixing♥♥♥♥♥♥ and devs that are abusing loving fans of the series, still fun but man oh man the devs ♥♥♥♥ed up mighty on this one. Such a Shame"
,Recommended,438740,34368901,Posted: 20 August,all,ZindroZ,"It's fun, it's scary (some times) and u can voice chat with people in game!It's almost like ""Dead by daylight"" and if u have played that game I recomend this one too.It's a little funky with the animations some times, but I think it's ok"
,Recommended,438740,34371971,Posted: 20 August,all,Kilroy,"Pros:Friday the 13th: The Game is interesting survival game with interesting ""hide and seek"" looking expirience. The main objective simple as hell - survive, and/or leave the area.It has a pretty good fighting system, ""loot"" spawn system, not bad driving system, there also a many aspects and stats like - condition of your melee weapon, fear meter (if it's 0, you'll be moving a bit faster(if your heath is fine). if its 100, you'r character are going to stumbling really, really, really often, and going to run a bit slower.) health status (scratch, light injury, severe injury) each has own effect(except for scratch and light injury) when you are injured badly, your character are going to be unable to run, slower using melee weapons, slower moving and simply say - walking meat-bag.Car driving(my favorite part) pretty cool fun and intense way ""to get the♥♥♥♥♥away from bloody ♥♥♥♥♥♥ jason"" since it has a ""movie"" heath - avoid hitting any obstacles, because its engine will stall and you'll became a warm food for Jason.Cons:♥♥♥♥♥♥tone of engine and script glitches, which, people are not ashamed to exploit.Car may sometime to glitch out and just fly away off the map. Or it will sqash you with no reason.Jason/counselor may stuck in some weird location. If you are counselor it'll end pretty simply - jason will chop you down, and you'll be fine, while if you are Jason, and stuck somewhere.... people are going to tbag your♥♥♥♥♥for next 20-15 minutes(totall humiliation lol) unless, they'll get pamela's sweater, and Jarvis and get you out of your misery(etc - kill you)Terrible community, consisting of ♥♥♥♥♥one of teamkillers, trolls and just kids.( i guess i should put it in Pros, since i like this kind of community)This game has a huge potential, but for some reason developers, instead extension their project, decided to keep silence for about a month.Finally, two days ago announced a patch with alot of fixed and alot of the new content(looks like pretty good update)8/10 Fireplace for the win."
,Recommended,438740,34450816,Posted: 23 August,all,Uterus Executerus,booty and blood
76561198117943932,Recommended,438740,32092550,Posted: 31 May,all,weeg,is gud
76561198253383074,Recommended,438740,33343770,Posted: 7 July,all,nickbotgamer,i like this because it's just super funbut i think they should start making dlc's for the game like new jason and new people to play as in the game
,Recommended,438740,33565652,Posted: 15 July,all,Ø Τhe Яaven Æ,I have been playing this game for a while now. After all the problems I found all the fun I have had all the rude people I meet in game. I recomend this game it is still a work in progress but that is work to make this game better. With single player to come out later this year that will bring a great scale of gameplay for this game. there are some bugs with the game as of when I posted my review but the Developers are working hard to make the game play more fun for every one not just you. I will see this game only getting more great and more fun in the time to come.
76561198163679699,Recommended,438740,34216973,Posted: 13 August,all,TurquoiseAlien,"It's generally quite a fun game. The only problem is, if you play it for a while it gets stale. After playing for over 100 hours on the same 3 maps with the same set of councillors and jasons I'm quite bored at this point. There needs to be more content. That's the main issue. There isn't very much variety. Essentially, you have to try and find items such as batteries and gas for for different vehicles to try to escape Jason. There are some other ways though such as phoning for the police and killing Jason (which is almost impossible). At the end of the day though, it's just the same thing over and over again. If you don't have a few friends to play with, don't get the game. At least until they release singleplayer. If you do though and are up for a superior version of hide and seek, go for it."
,Recommended,438740,34454867,Posted: 24 August,all,Zambie,"Great game play it all the time with my mates even tho there are some glitches they are most of the time funnyYes we do need a banning system for people who leave early or in the middle of a kill animation, everyone is getting mad at people choking them or hitting there head off, Jason's do this so you dont leave in the middle of the kill you couldnt do a 15 second kill and wait for it to end when they would leave before it would endThis game is fun and i do suggest you get it to play with some mates on a night together. The devs are trying everything to make it a good game so just give it some time for Dlcs and new content to come out and i think it will be greatThanks Zambie :)"
76561198031080530,Recommended,438740,34530812,Posted: 27 August,all,KarenFromFinance,"Friday The 13th: The Game is awesome! I have been playing it non-stop since it game out and I am only getting more and more addicted. There are tons of reasons why I am hooked on this game. The soundtrack is great! I love that Harry Manfredini, composer of the film scores, returned to score the game soundtrack. It sounds great and really captures the mood of the game.I am pretty good at playing as a counselor. I love to navigate the maps and trying to repair things to escape. Sometimes I will join up with people to survive but usually I play solo.I am ok at best playing as Jason. But, with someone like me playing as Jason counselors have fun trying to kill me. I am getting better though so look out!I enjoy the community of players on Steam in this game. They are fun to play with during the matches most of them are funny. There aren't too many annoying kids screaming dumb crap into their mics.Being a nerd, it was so awesome to run around familiar settings from the movies. My partner is the real movie nerd of the two of us and he loves how watching the game is similar to watching a horror movie.Now if I could only get my hands on those Pamela Tapes..."
76561198108053481,Recommended,438740,35409978,Posted: 2 October,all,Kunt,Great game!  Lots of laughs and lots of fun!
,Recommended,438740,34957872,Posted: 14 September,all,DaGTAGamer,Great Game
,Recommended,438740,35423771,Posted: 2 October,all,❤SilentPlayz❤ ^-^,i bought this game for just about 14 mins i played 2 matched one i died in and the other i had to leave then refunded it but i got to say for the time i DID play it was amazing i loved every second of it who cares if theres glitches if you ask me it makes the game more fun in a way unless its a game breaking glitch that ruins everything witch i have not seen any so far so :D will be buying this if it goes on sale this Halloween sale HOPEFULLY IT DOES!!1
76561198191281397,Recommended,438740,34196119,Posted: 12 August,all,InventiveTitan,Pretty good
76561198028706173,Recommended,438740,34685745,Posted: 2 September,all,GYK,非常好玩，不能自拔。但是服务器经常卡掉，希望能解决。
,Recommended,438740,34167124,Posted: 11 August,all,FireBoss,I luvvvv this game
,Recommended,438740,33567201,Posted: 15 July,all,R3tr0Gamer1958,"Great game, i have alot of fun though can get boring when people dont have mics, but when people do, its alot of fun, especially with friends, highly reccommend this game."
,Not Recommended,438740,31966774,Posted: 25 May,all,Will,"Review set to negative until the following issues are fixed:Server issues persistent over multiple days, aboslutely no improvements made, scamming people out of their two refund hours which is exactly what I said would happen.FIXED as of 5/29/2017 - Only minor server issues remain:Region based matchmaking needs to be implemented or fixed if its just not working. Teamwork and communication are critical and not being able to understand eachother or playing with people from countries with inadequate schooling is a massive hinderance for gameplay. You pretty much have to dodge until you find a lobby where everyone speaks english and sounds competent.No way to queue as Jason, which just means people who play counselor  have to deal with games with no people because players join and immediately leave when they aren't picked for Jason.Removal of teamkilling, the only thing this does is breed toxcitiy and ruin the gameplay along with the games community. There is absolutely no benefit to gameplay by murdering your own team.Increase escape rewards, you get a measly 200 xp bonus for escaping, considering how hard it can be, it should atleast be as much as a round completion.Currently the exclusive Savini Jason has one of the best skillsets in the game. The devs know this and are telling people who bought extra keys to sell later on that if they sell said keys that both parties will be banned. Seems like some sort of marketing ploy like they intend to sell them later on, telling people that they will 100% be scammed no matter who they buy from. Overall just shows a lack of understanding of the PC community and gaming in gerneral. Savini needs to  be released as a non-exclusive DLC and nerfed. An exclusive power boost is ♥♥♥♥ing stupid idea and whoever thought it was a good one should be fired. That would be like the exclusives in DBD (which sell for upwards of a hundred dollars) granting beneficial effects, its braindead crazy.Lower the $40 retail price or release all DLC/updates for free in the future. At release there is nowhere near enough content to justify such a high price. Not to sound like a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥but DBD had triple the maps at release for half price. I would price the current content of the game at $15 or $20. The only thing that would justify the games current price of 40 bucks USD would be that all future content including DLC are to be free.I can't reccomend the game in its current state, whats here is fun but it isn't polished and its not worth the money, and im not alone in thinking that. Shortly after release night the reviews when from nearly 90% to as of this review of 63%. ♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ed up and it needs to be fixed."
76561198372553264,Not Recommended,438740,32641195,Posted: 22 June,all,Tooth Fairy,"So it's been a few weeks now and I've played a couple hours and I think I can safely form an opinion from there, take in mind that even though I'm not recommending this game, I'll still be playing it under the same reasons as Dead by Daylight, I'm a little bit masochistic. All in all, it breaks my heart to say that the game wasn't exactly how I was expecting it to be, at least once the 'honeymoon' period wore off."
,Recommended,438740,32178902,Posted: 4 June,all,nevermore*,HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥ IS THAT A DEAD BODY?
76561198125901022,Not Recommended,438740,31982218,Posted: 26 May,all,NonnyR,"sometimes can not connecting the server and i face the problem about 3 people as party can not join a same server(failed to join the server),waste my time"
76561198154390949,Recommended,438740,32094282,Posted: 31 May,all,Kishan,"Got into game with friends, two hackers started sliding along the ground in cirlces around the killer whilst blasting Bob Marley through the microphone. Fantastic experience."
76561197990123500,Not Recommended,438740,32018604,Posted: 28 May,all,MrStones,Was pretty buggy back when I could play at launch day. Now there are servers issues so I cant play at all. Cant recommend atm. Wait till things get sorted out.
,Not Recommended,438740,32130094,Posted: 2 June,all,Eviux,Still dont have region server . bad ping
76561198312227297,Not Recommended,438740,32030366,Posted: 28 May,all,AllNaturalJELLY,"So far this game has been very fun, but sadly there have been a lot of bugs and i personaly dont think it is a finished game. The worst of all is the Leveling up, after reaching level 5 have not gotten any more cp or exp and that really discourages me from playing the game. If i were a buyer now i would wait till the creaters finish the game."
76561198391862852,Recommended,438740,32647924,Posted: 22 June,all,Bardi1800,i cant get on it because it sais error restart the game might work
76561198396955136,Recommended,438740,32572235,Posted: 19 June,all,PUNJABI#2,a very good game guys9/10didnt give  10/10 only because it might become repetetive after 100+ hours
,Recommended,438740,32403607,Posted: 13 June,all,Barke Beans,this game makes me horny do i need a therapist?
76561198057837858,Recommended,438740,32100150,Posted: 31 May,all,Droush,Only fun with friends though
,Recommended,438740,33432296,Posted: 10 July,all,IЩolf,──────▄▀▀▄────────────────▄▀▀▄─────────▐▒▒▒▒▌──────────────▌▒▒▒▒▌────────▌▒▒▒▒▐─────────────▐▒▒▒▒▒▐───────▐▒▒▒▒▒▒▌─▄▄▄▀▀▀▀▄▄▄─▌▒▒▒▒▒▒▌─────▄▌▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▀▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▀▒▒▒▒▒▒▐────▄▀▒▐▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▌───▐▒▒▒▌▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▐───▌▒▒▌▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▌──▒▒▐▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▄▀▀▀▀▄▒▒▒▒▒▄▀▀▀▀▄▒▒▐──▒▒▌▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▐▌─▄▄─▐▌▒▒▒▐▌─▄▄─▐▌▒▒▌─▒▐▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▐▌▐█▄▌▐▌▒▒▒▐▌▐█▄▌▐▌▒▒▐─▒▌▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▐▌─▀▀─▐▌▒▒▒▐▌─▀▀─▐▌▒▒▒▌▒▌▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▀▄▄▄▄▀▒▒▒▒▒▀▄▄▄▄▀▒▒▒▒▐▒▌▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▄▄▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▐▒▌▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▀▒▀▒▒▒▀▒▒▒▀▒▀▒▒▒▒▒▒▐▒▌▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▀▒▒▒▄▀▄▒▒▒▀▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▐▒▐▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▀▄▒▒▒▄▀▒▒▒▀▄▒▒▒▄▀▒▒▒▒▐▒▓▌▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▀▀▀▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▀▀▀▒▒▒▒▒▒▐▒▓▓▌▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▌▒▒▓▐▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▌─▒▒▓▓▀▀▄▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▐──▒▒▒▓▓▓▓▓▀▀▄▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▄▄▀▀▒▌─▒▒▒▒▒▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▒▒▒▒▒▐─▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▌▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒█▒█▀▒█▀█▒█▒▒▒█▒█▒█▒▒▒▒▒▒▐▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▀█▒█▀▒█▄█▒▀█▒█▀▒▀▀█▒▒▒▒▒▒▐▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▀▒▀▒▀▀▒▀▒▀▒▒▒▀▒▒▒▀▀▀▒▒▒▒▒▒▐█▀▄▒█▀▄▒█▀▒█▀█▒▀█▀▒█▒█▒█▒█▄▒█▒▄▀▀▐█▀▄▒█▀▄▒█▀▒█▄█▒▒█▒▒█▀█▒█▒█▀██▒█▒█▐▀▀▒▒▀▒▀▒▀▀▒▀▒▀▒▒▀▒▒▀▒▀▒▀▒▀▒▒▀▒▒▀▀▐▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▐
76561197970945858,Recommended,438740,31978846,Posted: 26 May,all,BigRich,"So much fun for the first few hours.  Whether or not it stays that way remains to be seen but aside from the odd bug here and there, chief among them the party system, this game has been a ton of fun.However, parents... get a handle on your kids!  Way too many pickneys playing this for me to feel entirely comfortable pulliing jaws off faces."
,Not Recommended,438740,32212551,Posted: 5 June,all,MaloJewell,"The concept is really worth a nod and the horror based star power is undeniable. The execution, mechanics, and playerbase are what really kills it for me in the end though.About 16 hours in now and I haven't been having fun in the game since hour 3. Why keep playing? I paid $40 for a game I ultimately don't care for, but went a little over my time allowed for a refund. Have to justify the purchase to myself by endlessly being team killed, screamed at, and glitched out. Fun.The last game I played a player adequetely named ""Fat Mako"" refused to give up the gas for the boat, after I installed the propeller. Once he had a friend arrive, he pummeled my character with a board so that I couldn't get a seat on said boat. All the while screaming in a mentally handicapped voice ""We found da propella!"" If this were the first occurance of such ridiculousness I would still be mulling over my review. Sadly, it's been par for the course.Tried running from the mass murderer. He teleported in-front of me and insta-killed me with a grab. Hid in a closet the entire match with a character that has a Composure of 10. He killed me after the first 10 minutes because Rage was activated...I guess. I never really got an answer on that one. Have tried to ""git good"" at the game for hours and I guess it's just one of those I'm not meant to be good at. Granted, I've ran into a few of those over the years.I haven't had a game where I haven't seen cut scene glitches, people glitching under the map, or glitches of some kind popping up everywhere. Is it playable? Sure. Visually it will ruin your immersion about every time you try to close a door and close it the wrong way again...and again.Ultimately, unless you enjoy playing in groups with SJWs and screaming 12 year olds, you should probably skip this one. Atleast until/if they launch a singleplayer mode for players who suffer from CSS."
,Recommended,438740,31996523,Posted: 27 May,all,NiP draken,Nice Game
76561198147892887,Recommended,438740,32092777,Posted: 31 May,all,eaterbadly,A flawed game for sure but a fun one!
76561198045115573,Recommended,438740,32092881,Posted: 31 May,all,dodgers2213,Very fun asymmertrical multiplayer. thumbs up
,Not Recommended,438740,32014086,Posted: 28 May,all,InternetPuta,"I also have to vote it down, just to be fair to people who consider buying the game. I think the game is great fun and i will absolutely play the hell out of it, but i'm upset that not many changes has been made since the alpha, like it actually does feel very rushed just to release it at some point and like Others have mentioned it lacks of content. There is only just 3 levels with the same goals, same items, same stuff to do, very very similar looks and feel to it. I hope that there is much much more to come for this game, cause the potential is so huge and i already like it much more than DBD, there has to be more content, for that price imo.. To me right now it's more of a 20 Dollars Game.Also another point, i think jason's ability to sense just ANYONE inside the house, inside objects you can hide or rather you are trying to crouch in a bush between rocks and trees, that he's able to just see you no matter where no matter how is a little bit ridiculous to me, otherwise i think he's completely fine, but there has to be a possibility to be a little bit more hidden as a counselor, so it actually rewards you a tiny amount if you try to put efforts into being stealth."
76561197972672549,Not Recommended,438740,32545121,Posted: 18 June,all,Dirty Gaijin,You and a few non friends get fingered by Freddy or someone for 30mins. The Frighteners was a terrible movie why did they make a game of it! Smash my body and take me away from this.
76561198078194625,Recommended,438740,32593121,Posted: 20 June,all,Timjfjdd,"The game is fun to play, i havent played much yet but havent encountered any bugs yet.Its a great game to play with your friends, and even just with random strangers in the matchmaking lobby"
76561198358048493,Recommended,438740,32590474,Posted: 20 June,all,cat_wearing_a_hat,amazing
,Not Recommended,438740,32258429,Posted: 7 June,all,RVN. None Of This Matters,The actually game isn't fun. Can you have fun with friends in it? For sure. But the actual mechanics of the game just aren't fun to me.
,Recommended,438740,33294931,Posted: 5 July,all,Pinbal,"Friday the 13th is a multiplayer (4vs1) horror game where one player takes on the role of the savage Killer, and the other four players play as Survivors, trying to escape the Killer and avoid being caught and killed."
76561198055202172,Recommended,438740,32120202,Posted: 1 June,all,Micah,:^)
,Recommended,438740,32114726,Posted: 1 June,all,www.h4x0rhaze.win,Very good game. Need some bug fixes but in the future this will be more famous.
,Recommended,438740,32994063,Posted: 29 June,all,Drenamow,I love it
76561198167230270,Recommended,438740,32418879,Posted: 14 June,all,RogerGrizz,AMAZING!
,Recommended,438740,33256067,Posted: 4 July,all,Gooner,I like
12385127463917467,Not Recommended,438740,32218785,Posted: 6 June,all,Yung Broken Dick,"Game isn't bad in terms of gameplay , but there are major drawbacks like lack of key binding, and stuff to unlock in-game. The intrest loses pretty quickly with this game. Let's just say its not 'ready' just yet, hope developers will improve it in future updates.Wishlist:-Custom key bindings-Ranking system (e.g MMR system. Like Overwatch;Dota 2;CS:GO)"
,Recommended,438740,32116138,Posted: 1 June,all,Col. Cuntnugget,how do u get the hell jason?pls let us know
76561198102978506,Recommended,438740,31991284,Posted: 27 May,all,dinghow100,AMAZING GAME!
76561197966793531,Recommended,438740,32014655,Posted: 28 May,all,THE HATED HUMANIST,Needs refinement but all around a fun game to play if you actually talk to people while playing.
76561198309067712,Not Recommended,438740,32524091,Posted: 17 June,all,alecxmas,i wouldnt even buy this if i were you because for mostly everyone it will say there is a missing microsoft visual dll and i couldnt even figure out how to find that so i basically wasted 40 dollars and wasnt even able to play the game. i am very dissapointed.
,Not Recommended,438740,32177011,Posted: 4 June,all,ded,Yes it's fun but I do not recommend this for people living in ASIA/ SEA(people who literally live outside NA) because their is only NA server atm and it's pretty laggy.
,Not Recommended,438740,31984269,Posted: 26 May,all,Pandora,"Got a refund. Couldn't ever connect. I was able to get 2 games the night of launch, felt like it lacked in content for $40. Worth $20 I feel."
,Not Recommended,438740,32565261,Posted: 19 June,all,xENDERMASTERx,"I thought that the cost would be include the single player mode when it came out but i was clearly mislead. I seems i wasted $43 on the online (which is the only thing in the actual game). There's literally nothing to the game yet aside from the three camps and a constant search for stupid little online matches. $43 is too much to ask for when this game is no where near complete...it seems like it could have great potential but until further notice, i don't recommend it atm."
,Not Recommended,438740,32018162,Posted: 28 May,all,If My 🅿🅾cket H🅰d Moneys,game is ok is just fun people in this game are fun and friendly but honestly I really hype this game and really expect more than thisgame is almost searching scrap simulator I expect more some exciting strategybut it ok price in my country it just around 20 USDbut I decide to leave thumb down and refund because game it still not work fully after launch 2 days I have problem my account not gain any exp played game almost 2 Hrs and still LV1 with 0 EXP so yea.. really disappointed... see ya again when game it on sale
,Recommended,438740,33447049,Posted: 10 July,all,My Good Username,I love this game.Pros:- Very fun social and team game with friends.- Made lots of friends playing this game.- Mics.- Jason and counselors are fun to play.- Long progression system. (High level cap)- Brutal executions!- 3/4 of the community. (Good and Funny people)Cons:- Glitches and bugs (Lots)- Team killers- 1/4 of the community. (Toxic and TKs)- Leavers
76561198346875369,Recommended,438740,33382763,Posted: 8 July,all,🍆Cute Legacy🍆 upgrade.gg,i love this game
76561198148940094,Recommended,438740,33378473,Posted: 8 July,all,Spencer Ryan,"Really love this game! It really has the classic horror movie feel to it which makes it all the more enjoyable. At times, it can feel as if certain Jasons are a bit overpowered, but if you work well with other counselors it isn't too hard to win. I definitely recommened getting this whether you're a fan of the franchise or even if you haven't seen the movies. Fun game!"
76561198030531435,Not Recommended,438740,32778855,Posted: 25 June,all,Behind You,Can't recommend in its current version (June 25 2017) on PC. How do you release a game on PC with no support for re-binding the keys? Big middle finger to those who don't use WASD. Forced to play with an Xbox controller.
,Not Recommended,438740,32145995,Posted: 3 June,all,Syystole,11/10 devs banning spree
76561197987518455,Recommended,438740,32016447,Posted: 28 May,all,Sadistic Midget,"I`ve been playing this a little with a few friends, and its a great game both solo and with others!You can start off as different people, with different perks, depending on what kind of map you play or how you`d like to play the game. And you can play as different types of Jason also with different kind of perks.At the moment Jason could be a little difficult to fight off with traps etc, when he can pretty much teleport on you, but hes still beatable and it makes it quite a challenge. As it would in a movie.All the negative reviews pretty much talk about the servers not functioning as it should, not being able to log in or the fact that the price is ""too high"". I wouldnt complain about either, Ive always gotten fast into games, no laggs in any of the games Ive had and paying that price to see what can happen furthermore with this awesome game, I`ll gladly do.Sure, there are a few bugs like the fact that I cant save my ""Grab kills"" as Jason, cause it just keeps ""saving data"" when I do, but those are minor bugs that will get fixed quite fast I believe.If you enjoy a game where you have to think of a way to escape a crazed killer, by either grouping up with other people or hoping hes busy killing them off so you can escape, then this is the type of game for you! Group up, go solo, gear up for your survival and hope that Jason doesnt rip your head off. Your choice!"
,Recommended,438740,33598276,Posted: 16 July,all,HG | DetectiveYellNow [CE],"Friday the 13thThe only game where I find it acceptable to sing the Camp Fire Song Song, and commit mass murder at the same time."
,Recommended,438740,32416160,Posted: 14 June,all,ArAnAx666 @Twitch.tv,"Really fun game!Playing as a counselor is reallt fun if you are playing with friends or found a good chatty group on the matchmaking.Playing as Jason is fun if you don't get amy of those people with ridiculous perks that allow them to run forever.Game is generally fun but I would say it is a bit repetitive, eveb when you're playing our favourite raging killer.Graphics are decent but nothing exceptional.Gameplay is generally solid with reponsive controls.I would give this a 6/10 if you're playing alone and an 8/10 if you have a fun group of friends to play with"
76561198107496389,Recommended,438740,32682973,Posted: 23 June,all,roycelao,Good game!
76561198329235177,Not Recommended,438740,32164907,Posted: 3 June,all,Lil Ca$hReGiSter,this game does not even launch for me i even went out and bought a new computer to see if it worked and it still does not
76561198068960402,Recommended,438740,33836548,Posted: 27 July,all,Eekumpokeum,"The game is fine. The game is fun. There are some fixes that need to be addressed. Some game breaking such as essential items falling through the ground and can't be picked up. You have about three ways to escape, and if a fuse falls through, that's one way less. Its crucial.But the negative reviews are mostly about drama. Don't let it sway you. I don't have any social issues or anything like that. I just log on, play the game by myself or with friends I've made on here, and enjoy the game."
,Recommended,438740,33743455,Posted: 23 July,all,Jay,"Friday the 13th is quite fun, but i feel it could be more fun with some improvements to the game. One major one being that Jason seems overpowered. Once he's chasing you, youre pretty much  guaranteed dead. His shift and teleport abilities shouldnt be in the game in my opinion. Just allow him to run. When you use shift you can come out of it and instantly grab a survivor who then have to button mash 'E' to try break free from his grip, which most times is a fail unless youre lucky, or you have a pocket knife to stab jason with. If Jason is gonna have these abilities atleast give us some way to fight him off and get a chance to get away for a short time. Pretty much every melee weapon in game does nothing to him unless you have the baseball bat and it stuns him, which by the way should last longer.The game also needs a chat box for communication cause unless you pick up a radio, or you're nearby your team mates you cant communicate.Not sure if it's a bug or intended, but when youre climing through a window jason can appear and hit you at the beginning of the animation, and then you're in trouble.When you're injured you shouldnt be slown down as much as you are. someone hurting their arm isnt going to cripple themWhen you fight Jason there's this animation that leaves you open to attack, bad game animation or intended, i do not know, but ive seen both Jason and the suvivor use this to their advantage, and it usually ends up with the survivor dying.Whats with the fear animations? This takes away from the games immersion cause whats meant to be scary becomes laughableThere's a few other issues i've encoutered, but these are the ones that come to mind at the time of writing this. I do recommend this game as there is fun to be had, but i'm not sure it's worth the price atm. It doesnt seem to have a ton of replay value at the moment, and content is lacking."
,Recommended,438740,33758421,Posted: 23 July,all,₳lter ₤go,"Friday the 13th is a horror/survival 7v1 (supposed to be anyway) experience that takes aspects from the similar game, Dead by Daylight.-------------------------One thing that needs to be taken note of BEFORE buying this product, is that it is on the level of an EARLY ACCESS title, but at full retail price.At first glance the game may seem like a copy of said game, however if you're actually willing/have played the game, you'd quickly realize that they are both very different game, but in the same sort of genre (like Overwatch and Team Fortress 2). In my time playing the game, I myself had a ton of fun as both Jason and the camp counselor, without incountering too many bugs or other issues. At the time of this review there seems to be a lot of negative reviews talking about being banned, so if you're looking to get the game, maybe now is not the best time for it. The game itself has a ton of potential and I am hoping that the devs with take the time to experiment with the game to develop better content than it currently has because as of right now game updates seem to be at some sort of halt, perhaps they are working on something spectacular, but at the moment I myself am busy playing other games, so this would just be a time killer more or less.I do want to recommend this game, but at the same time it may be best to hold off, till the devs gets their gears in motion."
76561198033359843,Recommended,438740,33772121,Posted: 24 July,all,Lifted,"A fun game to play with friends or solo, has it's glitches which you hope would be sorted!? The developers seemed to have gone off the radar and don't seem to keep their playerbase in the loop anymore, from day to day I seem to notice ninja nerfs to perks without a mention anywhere from the devs?I see alot of hate towards the game, but you would hope they are looking at the feedback and fixing a better game for all. Has alot of potiental with dlc and what not, but would really  like to see them be a little more active and engage with the player community more like dead by daylight cough..cough :)"
76561198036751191,Recommended,438740,33636136,Posted: 18 July,all,criiich,great game!
76561198405221813,Recommended,438740,33635474,Posted: 18 July,all,dcleal,it was good
,Recommended,438740,33709828,Posted: 21 July,all,Windex,♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,438740,33756284,Posted: 23 July,all,DEgo R.I.P Tom Petty,"I've always been a fan of horror favorite type has to be slasher, the Friday The 13th franchise was always my favorite and so far with this game I haven't experienced any crashes or anyone exploiting the game now that there was a patch and I haven't been permabanned lol so I recommend you pick this up when you have the chance."
,Recommended,438740,33641549,Posted: 18 July,all,DeathbringerNY,"This game is AWESOME and perfect for every F13 fan, everything about it is great but if you have a slow computer i dont sugest getting it cause the frame rate drops alot"
76561197996486896,Recommended,438740,33703372,Posted: 21 July,all,avax_org,MUST HAVE VR VERSION!
76561198337234746,Recommended,438740,32353007,Posted: 11 June,all,Laiiittthhh,One of the best Survival Horror Games ever made <3its just like f13 the movieIF U love Jason?its ur gameidk why people saying its bugged  or not funnytrust me they are retard!!1.not repetitive everyone has hes own way to play as jason2.a gd map to run and hide or find iteams3.this game without mic or teamWork dont play it4.F****** team killer5.I just love it <3 <3 <3
,Recommended,438740,32013061,Posted: 27 May,all,Hazed,gived what it offers
,Recommended,438740,33647208,Posted: 19 July,all,блять,i want more dlc and server fix
76561198130578077,Recommended,438740,34431118,Posted: 22 August,all,BlueZero45,"This game is FUN. It is something that looks from the outside in, like a glitchy mess full of annoying players, bugs, and an overall lack of content, however i can assure you that Friday the 13th, if you enjoy fun gameplay most of all, is one of the most fun multiplayer experiences in a long time. I also surley reccomend this game to fans of the movies, as, for a movie fan, this is THE game. Tommy Jarvis, several jasons, pinpoint accurate maps, it has it all. Sadly, the most fun experiences in Friday the 13th often come from luck of the draw. you will find  some matches where everyone has mics, there are some hilarous people and the experiecne is great, however the oppsitie can sometimes be true. It is a game that really sucks you in and although it isnt always great, it manages to be a hell of a lot of fun for both veterans to the series and anyone else looking for a cool multiplayer timesink. Well worth the 40$ and content to come."
76561198087729639,Recommended,438740,34442369,Posted: 23 August,all,i eat goth ass,♥♥♥♥♥playerbase mostly. But a lot of fun with friends!
,Recommended,438740,34431375,Posted: 22 August,all,SeekNDstroy,"This game is extremely enjoyable when it is without bugs and lag. Firstly, as Jason it would be great if the bug on Packanack Lodge map in particular is fixed, where the counselor can glitch outside of the map where Jason can't reach. It completely ruins the experience. A few of the perks, like the firecracker perk is faulty, where it says you spawn with firecrackers but you don't. The bugs are endless, so good luck to the team running the game!Still a very enjoyable game, have played hours on end."
,Recommended,438740,32009000,Posted: 27 May,all,50ShadesOfMuhamed,BIG THUMBS UP BOIZ AND GAWLS!
,Recommended,438740,32033508,Posted: 28 May,all,something about tyrande,"Friday the 13th is a fun online survival horror game that I've been looking forward to for a while, almost since it's announcement.But despite the fun gameplay, the game feels unpolished, and it lacks in content for original price. Hopefully DLC will be free.If you're thinking of getting this, perhaps wait for a sale or price reduction!7/10"
76561198031429759,Recommended,438740,32010873,Posted: 27 May,all,ExTrAStR3nGtH,Great game. no problem with servers at all.
,Recommended,438740,32009065,Posted: 27 May,all,.Nathan_SmithZ :),เล่นเเล้วเสียวตูดดดม้ากกกกก ถถถถถถถ
76561198136548021,Recommended,438740,32033573,Posted: 28 May,all,Jessman,Very fun game. Be sure to play with a mic!
76561198163041538,Not Recommended,438740,32202655,Posted: 5 June,all,Szyszuniek.,.
76561198019946944,Recommended,438740,32041027,Posted: 29 May,all,Geo_$ato,Buggy but still fun and funny asf
,Not Recommended,438740,32099253,Posted: 31 May,all,HBN,"Glitchiest game I've played in years.  Needs heaps of fixes. Save your money, not saying the game has no merits but the game in it's current state does not deserve a $40 pricetag."
76561198736603055,Not Recommended,438740,32794261,Posted: 25 June,all,Zoeylove160,Hey I bought the game and it still wont work. I downloaded New AMD graphics and it still comes up as an error. It says the ATI Mobility Radeon HD 4200 Series .......... is recomended its installed. I have no clue what to do at this point. I also have another error that says your application is built to load cooked content. No cooked content was found......etc. If anyone knows how to fix this so i can play the game it would be much appreciated.
76561198340732095,Not Recommended,438740,32745660,Posted: 24 June,all,Eduard/#Boss,muie acestui joc
,Recommended,438740,32014528,Posted: 28 May,all,Nihilism,"Ignore the 'mixed' rating.People who had or who are having server issues are downvoting this game saying""It's not worth $40 dollars.""""There are so many bugs! Unplayable!""""A 1.6G patch? This is going to take forever!""""Jason is so overpowered! I can't win single combat vs Jason!""This game is a blast, and it's even more fun playing with friends."
76561197993383625,Recommended,438740,32030572,Posted: 28 May,all,Snoop,"100% no doubt reccommend this. DONT LISTEN TO THESE OTHER PEOPLE SAYING THAT THE GAME IS BAD AND ITS BUGGY , maybe its just their toaster. This is an awesome game ! i have had no lag at all . AMAZING COMMUNITY, people are very friendly and the game keeps you on your heels. GIVES YOU TONS OF ADRENALINE."
76561198065024756,Not Recommended,438740,32055528,Posted: 29 May,all,WarringLemon,"As this game stands, it isn't worth $40 UNLESS you and a bunch of friends are gonna get it and play togehter.  Random games arent much fun, but from videos I've seen it looks really fun with friends."
76561198149830587,Recommended,438740,32031383,Posted: 28 May,all,ricmun757,litworth mola
76561198036918751,Recommended,438740,34648564,Posted: 31 August,all,JᴏsᴇᴘiKʀᴀᴋᴏᴡski,"People are getting super salty, but this game is worth the money and bugs to play, great coop game and definitely worth the time, dont listen to all the trolls!"
,Not Recommended,438740,31993471,Posted: 27 May,all,Kiko,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME: Unless you want to spend enless hours failing to connect. Wait and see if they fix these connection issues then it may be worth a try. Another broken game!
76561198152714598,Not Recommended,438740,32059710,Posted: 30 May,all,hyperbolic snowflakes,"i cant give this game a thumbs up sadly, which is really annoying because the game at its core is very good.there are however far too many issues with this game.firstly the price vs content doesnt seem right at all, they may add stuff in the future but for now £30 is far too much for the paltry offerings on display.jason is far too OP, i know the devs wanted him to be powerful but even so, he is far too much.sadly i cant seem to buy perks without the game freezing and even when i can, the game then freezes and wont let me save my character.if you are on the fence about this game then all i can say is dont buy it, hopefully wait for the reviews to turn more positive"
,Not Recommended,438740,32095392,Posted: 31 May,all,Carson,x ♥♥♥♥ing d. Makes you play with russians and chinese who all hack and have $5 mics
,Not Recommended,438740,32211533,Posted: 5 June,all,Serpent,worst game i have ever bought. gameplay is very  boring and limited.
,Recommended,438740,34072990,Posted: 6 August,all,SaltyThomas,Pro'sIts jason.Cons.The servers.The rage quiters.The roleplayers.The bad server hosting from other countries.The bugs.
76561198351055577,Recommended,438740,34905538,Posted: 12 September,all,Maxi✅🔥,"Very fun game and Amazing with friends, it's very addicting, but the only two cons about it is the Toxic community and the Bugs, otherwise! Very good game ;)"
76561198019936986,Not Recommended,438740,34490336,Posted: 25 August,all,CEVOLORD,"I launched the game, loaded and clicked on play.Get the Jason for first game.I was lucky i guess.Killed 5 out of 7 without using any jason skills  cuz i had no idea how to play with Jason nor as survivors.Too ez and seen pretty much everything in 50 mins.Refundedno regret."
76561197999100897,Recommended,438740,35213649,Posted: 25 September,all,Shusty KO,It's good. Bugs needs to be fix ASAP
76561198193091418,Recommended,438740,34613693,Posted: 30 August,all,Gentle_Man_Gamer,"Despite many glitches, bugs and exploits, I'm still having fun with Friday the 13th The Game.Many people consider Jason to be a very strong character, and for the most part, it's true. However, I don't necessarily consider this a problem. ""Friday the 13th"" is the story of a crazed maniac slaughtering 100s of people, and not a story of how a bunch of teenagers outsmart a buff, grown man with a love for sharp edges and masquerades.Playing as a counselor, you will die. A lot. It's even emphasized in the achievements. You gain achievements for completing 1, 500, and 1000 matches, both as Jason and as Counselors. On the other hand, you only have to escape about 40-50 times to gain all the achievements related to winning a match. Why? Because winning is meant to be difficult.Being on the wrong end of a shift-grab and instakill is a frustrating experience, and I do not condone it. But in general, it is only natural that people get aggressive in such a tense and competitive environment. The fact that you need to stay to the end of the match in order to get 500 points (this is a stupid mechanic, I agree), makes death as a counselor seem uninviting and a source of bored waiting. On the other hand, you have people that finally got to play Jason, perhaps for only the 10th-30th time. They want to make the most XP in their matches, and go to desperate ends in order to win.At level 31, you have unlocked all characters. When I reached this level, I began to relax. XP didn't matter anymore, so I quit as soon as the kill animation was done and entered a new match. There was no need for me to wait, and I got a lot more playtime. As Jason, I had always been pretty chill. I only went for environmental kills (unless I had to let someone go several times or there was nothing remotely close), and noticed that most of the time, I won just like those that use controversial and cowardly methods. Even if the matches got longer, it only became more rewarding. I was able to chitchat and roleplay (god that sounds kinky) with the survivors, as well as have an exciting gameplay session as the arrival of the police or car repair ticked closer.My point is, that if you think you are going to invest a good couple of hours in this game, take it chill. You will reach level 31 eventually, and don't be afraid to leave matches once you're dead. You don't have to let the survivors win, just give them an extra chance and fool around a bit. Chances are you are going to be able to kill them later on. This way you get a more enjoyable experience and have more matches done in less time. The gameplay is good but drags on unless you have some cool people to play with. Feel free to mute TS and/or Discord in order to get a more exciting gameplay experience. Now that the achievements are working (mostly, I guess?) you have a motivation for further grind.And HEY, there is a lot of new content coming, so you might as well stick around for a while."
76561198118797332,Recommended,438740,34112939,Posted: 8 August,all,vacantknight5,This game is fun especialy when you jason there is like 6 or 7  diffrent jason and like 10 counsolers...this game ahs a great community and this game is a blast when you play with freinds....
76561198129842053,Recommended,438740,34739090,Posted: 4 September,all,Flaka_U_4_Lif3 Hellcase.com,is really good but we need more and more updates and skins and dlc to savani jason
,Not Recommended,438740,34576477,Posted: 29 August,all,Darthsam09,not worth the cash
,Not Recommended,438740,32855398,Posted: 27 June,all,Dr. Mantis Toboggan,"While there are fun moments and does offfer a somewhat enteratining horror experience, this game is a hot mess.It's a £30 ($40) game that feels like it's still in beta. The price point alone will put most people off and for good reason - The fact is, THIS GAME IS NOT WORTH THE MONEY.The gameplay is lackluster, while having a sand box setting every match plays the same. Councillors run around searching draws while Jason teleports around the map grabbing people and insta killing them. Repeat this for 20 minutes and thats every game in a nutshell.(I know people will try and defend this, and yeah once in a while if you go vs. a TERRIBLE Jason you might escape, but for most matches, see above.)Bland gameplay and balance issues aside, the game is RIDDLED with bugs. In my play time i've experienced being stuck on terrain, being blocked in next to Jason after being rescued with nothing to do but wait to die, dead bodies breathing/talking, other players deliberaly glitching with no punishment.One of the WORST bugs was when I escaped to the police, but instead of escaping I kept running outside of the map and died.TL:DR not worth £30 for a lackluster game that should have stayed in beta."
,Not Recommended,438740,33142678,Posted: 2 July,all,HostageWithGun,It was fun to run from Jason from cabin to cabin for some hours.  Then I decided that I liked having to evade traps and that horrible wraith killer didn't seem so bad (dbd reference).
,Not Recommended,438740,31998629,Posted: 27 May,all,'desert,Not fun.
76561198110618496,Not Recommended,438740,31979871,Posted: 26 May,all,Kidd Fridge,I don't like the game at all!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,438740,31973385,Posted: 26 May,all,Dominant Chris,Yeah no thanks lol
76561198272734494,Not Recommended,438740,32894798,Posted: 27 June,all,Sqssy,Horrible. Does not work.
,Recommended,438740,33833866,Posted: 27 July,all,TittySprinkles,"I love this game personally, there are bugs that are annoying but there are with any game i have played."
,Not Recommended,438740,32397953,Posted: 13 June,all,dm,boring... jason basically have wallhacks... refunded.
,Recommended,438740,32005116,Posted: 27 May,all,Punkface,Phenominal game!
,Recommended,438740,33553276,Posted: 15 July,all,918 Spyder,Pretty good game just needs some patches and this game will be great
76561198332022440,Recommended,438740,34894525,Posted: 11 September,all,Vanilla,"Obviously, if you play it solo, it's so hard to escape from Jason's grasp... Every time I fill the tank of car, the car will be used by other 4 people except me in 3 minutes while i am on the way searching the key of car..."
,Not Recommended,438740,34746269,Posted: 4 September,all,Francez101,i suck
,Recommended,438740,35017323,Posted: 17 September,all,iAmSuicidal,"A very fun and flawed game that i can't wait to see the future of.Pros:- Captures the movies very well.- Great soundtrack.- Lots to unlock through rewarding progression.- Very tension filled for the first matches.- Very nice community.- Mic support.- Fun gameplay.- VERY fun gameplay as Jason.Cons:- Very buggy.- Lack of communication by devs.- Repetitive due to lack of new content.- Not that fun without friends.- Cannot change Key Binds.- Weird character animation.- Only 3 maps.If i rated it, it'd be a 6 and a half. If you have friends, buy it. If you don't, wait. This is a game i wanna give an 8 because i really want it to do well. I hope in a year most of my cons don't exist anymore, but we'll have to see."
,Recommended,438740,34342210,Posted: 18 August,all,Golden_Apple_101,I like it.
,Recommended,438740,34372497,Posted: 20 August,all,BBRHY,"In my opinion, This game is so good, but it has too many negative points:1 - If the developers released new content, they make it limited.2 - There isn't too many consulers like the old series, for example (Clay Miller, etc)3 - Some contents shouldn't be for selling, like the new skin that's gonna be on October"
76561198080539880,Not Recommended,438740,32024982,Posted: 28 May,all,Straf3 Int,"It seems like  spending $40 on a game, it would actually let you play the ♥♥♥♥ing game."
76561198215093469,Recommended,438740,33537571,Posted: 14 July,all,asteelyman13,"I really enjoy the game. It's fun, and it plays well. I have heard about people getting banned for no reason whatsoever, however, I haven't experienced this problem myself. To prevent myself from encountering this problem, I'm planning on recording my gameplay from this point forward. This could have immensely helped in previous cases of troll banning. If you think you are going to be troll banned, I reccommend that you immediately start at least a voice recording of the current match."
76561198044353336,Recommended,438740,34296635,Posted: 16 August,all,GIMP,"A funny game, enjoyable and great to make new friends, the only thing I can say bad are about some glitches, but overall pretty good! L O V E"
,Not Recommended,438740,34563436,Posted: 28 August,all,SuccpremeMemes,"♥♥♥♥♥devs and♥♥♥♥♥♥shit.The new update ♥♥♥♥ed everything. They ruined the ""RP"" aspect of it. Team killing etc. Just a bunch of ♥♥♥♥ face devs who dont know♥♥♥♥♥♥ Literally in all me and my friends hours, we never experienced enough team killers to make us  want to quit. ♥♥♥♥ off dont buy the gameKickstarter games never turn out  well, just inexperienced dev with a good imagination. Thanks for the $40 wasted."
,Recommended,438740,34919547,Posted: 13 September,all,Max,"This game is AMAZING. Its fun to farm to unlock different characters. Lets be honest, just like me most people farm to unlock different Jason's. I know alot of people and i mean ALOT of people already have atleast level 50 so they have already unlocked all the playable Jason's. They are pro and i respect them. Peace"
76561198050280919,Recommended,438740,33449004,Posted: 10 July,all,Nachos,"I haven't played a huge huge amount as of posting this, but lemme say this game is GREAT. The horror you feel with the dark atmoshpere and eerie music is memorable. Lots of diverse characters with certain skills for each one, and adding multiple Jasons was definetely a great idea. I have fun playing Deborah, finding parts and running to the car or boat to the put the part in, but I might play as AJ Mason. Lots of great ways to evade and fight Jason. It's great. But playing Jason is really fun. Hunting down the counslers, one by one. it's an awesome feeling when you catch them and punch a hole through their heart. The only bad thing is that about half the community and people who play this game are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ And sure it's a little glitchy, but I think that's my graphics card xD"
,Recommended,438740,33776226,Posted: 24 July,all,[R]ImRaffle,Better than expected oh wait i mean AWESOME
76561198352352327,Not Recommended,438740,31987888,Posted: 26 May,all,Delta 9 Terps,I give this game until tomorrow and if I still cant play I will be getting a refund.
76561198065514524,Not Recommended,438740,32078299,Posted: 30 May,all,Shhhhhh.,"IMPORTANT!!!!U can NOT run this game on windoes 10 RS3(ver 1703, OS ver 16199.1000)!!!!im really upset about this problem and i believe developers should fix it as SOON as POSSOBLE!!!!"
76561198247002988,Not Recommended,438740,32231024,Posted: 6 June,all,AnarchistPigeon_,Horribe Game UI is Trash and its just not fun to play needs ALOT OF WORK
,Recommended,438740,31970685,Posted: 26 May,all,x3j50,"Honestly...I have mixed feelings about this game.It was really great at launch, it was different, it was good, it was fun, it was something new...That got old quick, when your game is filled with bugs and errors. Honestly, the game isn't bad, you can play with friends and have a total blast with it, but on the other hand, at the time of writing this review Asian servers are really crappy, I can't join a single Asian lobby without getting a goddamn blackscreen. I need to contact a friend of mine so I can party up with him to join an American server. Like, what the heck man? I can't enjoy 1 match without waking my buddy at 3 in the morning while I'm sitting here at 3 in the afternoon?...Honest to God though, this game is the most fun I've ever had in my time in playing a videogame. I got a few good laughs here and there, managed to get to know people from my friendslist better.But...this game is so broken both gameplay wise and physically. It's hard to enjoy the game these days, except of course if I manage to get my friend Dragon to let me party up with him, then its a blast.I got 3 words for this game...40 Dollar Game.#$40Game"
,Not Recommended,438740,32087780,Posted: 31 May,all,Kurkie_Com,"1 Jason being able to swing so fast is not fair.2 you should be able to hit him in death animations, where having a chance to save counselors if they havent got hit in it yet.3 My achievements don't work.4 The price should be lower for the content you'll get.5 I played a 2v1 (it started with a 3v1 but 1 left at the start aswell) you shouldnt be able to start a game like that.6 Why can't you let us disarm jason his traps?!7 I wanted to disarm a trap (set by counselor) but i was on the wrong side of it and it made me step into it.8 I got some lag but when the lag was gone i couldnt interact with anything, i was trapped in a house untill jason killed me.9 You can't really stop the car if it's driving backwards. (not sure)10 Could you add a chat aswell not everyone can or wants to talkin a microphone.the idea is nice the devs just have to fix some stuff."
76561198395838486,Not Recommended,438740,32391265,Posted: 13 June,all,Its Kulo,i want my money back it doesnt load and let me play it.
,Not Recommended,438740,32089153,Posted: 31 May,all,^Pirate ^Sam,"A fun game that is plauged by glitches, bugs, exploits and cheaters.  The devs have an ambitious plan that they are executing poorly.The matchmaking will pair you up with EU servers more often than it pairs you up with American servers. The game does not penalize leavers or teamkillers.This game is NOT worth the $40 dollar price tag in its current state of affairs."
,Recommended,438740,33095350,Posted: 1 July,all,1MoreTry,"i dont know, but its not my type of gamethe graphic is good and nice community 6/10i take my refund6/10"
76561197973261768,Recommended,438740,33504351,Posted: 13 July,all,In the Flesh,"The game is a bunch of fun. While glitchers/teamkillers do exist in the game, if you play enough you will meet many nice people to play with and/or public lobbies full of fun gamers. Depending on the skill level of the players in your lobby, the game can be very challenging or pretty easy. I personally haven't found any overpowered meta in the game, so the game provides a diverse experience for game play. While you might do the ""same thing over and over"" each match is unqiue particularly if you mix out which Jason/counselors you use.The only negative are some glitches and bugs that have not been fixing but none of them are game breaking. One would assume that these bugs would get fixed over time but you're still able to enjoy the game the way it was intended to be played 99% of the time.I guess a minor issue for some is that you cannot currently edit your keyboard/mouse config. I assume this is something else that will be fixed in the future.Overall, I think the game is well worth the money. The development team appears to be active in the community and they participate and play their own game which is refreshing. If the team can continue to release new maps, counselors, Jasons, etc..the game should have some staying power.Oh yeah, personally I think the graphics and sound is pretty good. It is a nice game to look at and runs really well on my i7 4790k/GTX1070. I turn down AA and put shadows on high without noticing much of a difference. Everything else is on epic. I average over 100 fps."
76561197995966351,Recommended,438740,33585949,Posted: 16 July,all,Jane Doe,"Well, this game does the most important thing which every game should do: IT DOES BRING A LOT OF FUN!I love it <3"
76561198010023819,Not Recommended,438740,32012572,Posted: 27 May,all,A journalist from HK,"Database login failure!Database login failure!Database login failure!It cost 3 hours and I cannot demand refund now. WHAT THE HELL.I mean I pay for this, however, the only thing I can do is watching other broadcasters and their famous Chinese 3DM FREE VERSION GAME. That is totally ridiculous for everybody who purchase this game on steam."
76561197973996794,Not Recommended,438740,31966641,Posted: 25 May,all,Peasant of the Isles,"I tried to play with friends and couldn't join matches while in a party; the game would enter the match but blackscreen during the cutseen leaving me unable to view anything (I could still play but there was no point as I could not see), and overall the game had several model glitches and strange ragdoll animations/kill scenes. Refund requested."
76561198400441489,Recommended,438740,33435836,Posted: 10 July,all,jirkyc23,Dobra hra vzplati se koupit..
76561198125000231,Recommended,438740,32016789,Posted: 28 May,all,TheGriffin,Good game.UPDATE IT TO KEEP IT THAT WAY.
76561197961760621,Not Recommended,438740,32191901,Posted: 4 June,all,BravePussy,"This game is not fun. There should be a tutorial, but there isn't. You can't chat while in the game and the counselors will most likely not help you out at all. Many players will actually try to hinder you or get you killed. (e.g. Closing doors or windows behind them when you are trying to follow them and chuckle about it over the mic). Also had instances where we were all in the same building with Jason and one of them would tell him exactly where you are hiding.It's just not fun due to the player base. The game does not have enough incentive to work together."
,Recommended,438740,33669684,Posted: 20 July,all,EasyRekttttt,<33333
76561198070285874,Recommended,438740,33447256,Posted: 10 July,all,Purple,Fun♥♥♥♥♥game to play with friends or with random people. Right now i have 60+ hours and im not bored of it atall
76561197974593634,Recommended,438740,33493554,Posted: 12 July,all,Wally,"Rightfully comparable to dead by daylight. It involves more ways to win, and has a more enjoyable atmosphere. Always lots of voice comms going on with a great proximity/radio system. This system allows Jason to say♥♥♥♥♥♥and be somewhat his own character as he hunts you. That has been the bulk of my enjoyment. Scary effect silent jason, hilarious loves to chase jason, the jason that sings a nursery ryhme to you while you scan the trees for him while alone in the woods.It is suprising with how static the gameplay is how much replayability is generated. People memorize spawn spots for items, but the human factor will always suprise you"
,Not Recommended,438740,32023780,Posted: 28 May,all,Sneakyjunkpunch,"I would love to give this a good review, BUT! i havent got to play the game yet! i understand that there are server issues but i feel like knowing the hype around the game you might have thought to get a head start. will be chaing review when the game is playable."
76561198089347089,Not Recommended,438740,32105091,Posted: 1 June,all,Nodnyl,"At the moment this game is no good. Too many bugs and too long-winded. You spend most of your life spectating others after you die (otherwise you don't get xp), you walk into a building and close the door from the inside, but somehow end up closing the door from the outside, then get caught by the killer, the cameras in spectate are too buggy, sometimes traps float in the air, etc (too many things to list).I have no doubt that these bugs will be fixed at some point, but until they are I wold not reccomend buying this game. (Seeing as though this game was in beta stage for a while these bugs should not exist)."
,Recommended,438740,32129003,Posted: 2 June,all,TehStick,"If you are a baby from the community hub crying ""This game costs too much"". Then drown in your fake tears.Unless of course, you are just crying for a summersale. (Which we know you are too, we know you.)If you like scary games, where you know you might not survive, you have to keep your cool and work with your teammates, (Or don't?) and go rogue and try and survive on your own, then this game is for you.(P.S I gave 40$ in kickstarter for this, and im tired of the low reviews for this game when it slows the community growth down, if you want lower prices, or people in the actuall game, then stop spreading negativity.)"
,Not Recommended,438740,32623944,Posted: 21 June,all,Turulszem,"The game is full of glitches, cannot recommend it for this price.  It's basically a ♥♥♥♥ing robbery."
,Not Recommended,438740,32660501,Posted: 22 June,all,Carl,This♥♥♥♥♥♥is broke tbh. Also you get earraped every time you open the ♥♥♥♥ing game
,Not Recommended,438740,31975334,Posted: 26 May,all,rrridge,Meh.
,Recommended,438740,33738814,Posted: 23 July,all,Toziix,My new favorite game! :D Buy it!
76561198186222178,Recommended,438740,33700592,Posted: 21 July,all,LunaticLoveBird,Although there are some issues with glitches and whatnot in the game this is by far one of my favorite games at the moment. I have a great time playing it with friends and the bugs even make the gameplay funny and entertaining.
,Not Recommended,438740,31998114,Posted: 27 May,all,Erlich Bachman,THIS  GAME  IS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥I N G  DOG  S H I T
76561198182671307,Recommended,438740,33525443,Posted: 13 July,all,TheRogue1ne,Fun game in the slasher and horror series and I have definatley been waiting for a game for this movie franchise to be made. Cant wait for singleplayer as well
76561198095928681,Recommended,438740,34426066,Posted: 22 August,all,ItIsTheSpookyDeal,Its lit fam squad.
76561198077529121,Recommended,438740,33888718,Posted: 29 July,all,iStoleYoBike,"Fun game, but a lot of bugs, the main one of issue is the no animation of dragging some1 out of a car and just insta killed."
,Recommended,438740,34425229,Posted: 22 August,all,Naxks,Favorite game
,Recommended,438740,33780108,Posted: 24 July,all,Hot Burger Moaner,"Tiffany Cox can have my ♥♥♥♥ anyday of the week. Nice♥♥♥♥♥and I would definitly reccomend for any a$$ man because an a$$ man can never truly be bad and have bad intent. Even Jason Vorhees usually lets you live depending on your a$$ rate. Literally shake your booty and say to Jason ""You wouldn't ever want this booty to leave this world right daddy. Let me go and you'll get it later ;)"""
76561197988784070,Recommended,438740,33780260,Posted: 24 July,all,Urge4Surge,"FRICKING AMAZING GAME! A few bugs still but if you are looking for a good game, along with some scares, buy this game!"
,Recommended,438740,33914711,Posted: 30 July,all,Jigsaw,"This Game is good,but theres too many russians.Using only the insult Noob or♥♥♥♥♥♥Make Russians have their own Servers"
,Recommended,438740,34341632,Posted: 18 August,all,✪ Logic,By far one of the best games ive played a bit glitchy with some stuff but all around fun game solo and with friends :}
76561198403177661,Recommended,438740,34441251,Posted: 23 August,all,Dr Info,"Id highly recommend this game the whole idea is great id spent lots of time playing it cant wait till new dlc Keep up the Good work Gun Media, Ill Always support you!"
76561198144269538,Recommended,438740,34384730,Posted: 20 August,all,Edmond Wells,Great game if you have a group of friends to play and pre-occupy your time.Also you meet some cool people on here every now and then
76561198253009565,Recommended,438740,34370710,Posted: 20 August,all,NickArt,"This game has endless amounts of fun! Playing as jason brings back all the memories from all the movies. But on the other side, playing as a counselor is scary but exciting at the same time. This game needs communication in order for the counselors to repair things and escape the other parts are just fun!"
,Recommended,438740,34089060,Posted: 7 August,all,tristan6252,"Friday The 13th is a great game overall but has many annoying features and still has many bugs that need fixing. I will go over the reasons to get the game and reasons to not get the game and by the end of this review hopefully you will have an informed and educated descision.---Reasons to get the game ---1.Being Jason is very fun, killling other players and hearing them scream on their mics(If they have a mic)  is hilarious and highly entertaining.2.The audio in this game definetly adds alot of tension and worry for the councellors which adds a tremendous amount of scare to the game which is great because after all this is a horror game.3.The death animations. This game has some of the best death animations I have ever seen, they are highly entertaining for the player and of course Jason. You won't be dissapointed with the diverse range of deaths in this game and watching it from a distance as councellor is hilarious and scary.4.The community. Okay, so I know that there is plenty of trolls and annoying players in this game, but that's only a handful of players out of the larger community. When you get into a good game, which is more often than you would think, you will have a great time, talking to other players and working together to escape Jason is great.5.Many easter eggs and references to the movies.6.The different Jasons and councellors are all fun to try out and get the hang of as they all have their own set of advantages and weaknesses. This will certainly add hours and hours to your game time.7.The perks for the councellors are great to add fun to your game. There are many perks to get which will keep you busy unlocking the best perks and learning what each one does. The perks range from bad to great and when you get the perk you are looking for, it is very satisfying and helps you stand a better chance against Jason.8.Obviously there are many more great things about this game that I haven't covered here as I would be writing this review for an eternity which wouldn't be pleasant for me or the reader. But hopefully you will like my personal reasons on why I think you should get this game. Now let's go onto the negatives about this game.--- Reasons to not get this game ---1.The bugs. Okay, so there are many bugs in this game, I have crashed multiple times, on the menu and also in-game. Animations have glitched out and have stopped working which can be very strange and weird as all you can hear is the audio of someone dying but no animation to show it. Those are just the main  bugs that I have experienced, but of course people have experienced many more bugs, glitches and problems than I have, which you can read about in other reviews if you wish.2.The price tag. This is more of a temporary disadvantage, allow me to explain. The price for the game right now is 37 euro which is quiet a large sum of money for a game like this when you can pick up a cheaper game such as Dead By Daylight which is very similar but in some ways alot more fun for 20 euro. Now, I think that the price will eventually be worth it as the developers have stated that they are working on lots more content for the game such as a singleplayer mode and new features for the game. So after a few updates, I think the price will be worth it, but right now, I don't think so.3.The community. Okay, so I know I listed the community as a reason to get the game, but I am also listing it as a reason to not get the game aswell, why? The reason simply is because if you do get a bad game, which you will get eventually, it is very annoying and frustrating and even lead to the ban of a player(Dilly Dingus) which I won't talk about here. Basically, people help Jason kill councellors. Some councellors go around shooting and hitting other councellors just to kill them to annoy them and waste their time. Other players might block you in corners or not let you in certain buildings, and lastly some people talk to Jason on discord/skype and give the locations of all the councellors instantly, so Jason can kill them very quickly.4.There isn't enough time as Jason. It is great to be Jason, I love killing other councellors, but it seems as though there isn't enough time to enjoy being Jason. I would say the maximum time you would spend being jason is around 20 minutes, which doesn't seem that bad at first, but when you take into account all the time you spend being a councellor, you will definetly understand where I am coming from. More often than not, you are not Jason, your usually a councellor even if you set your spawn preference to Jason, so when you get to be Jason after all those rounds of trying, you want to be him for quiet some time, but usually it ends very quickly either by you killing all of the councellors or by some of them(or all of them) escaping.5.Mic trolling. People play music on their mics and there is lots of shouting from little kids. Yes, I know you can easily mute them, but it still isn't a nice thing to have from people, as they are probably not taking the game seriously and just there to waste peoples time which goes back to the bad community point which I have stated.Okay so thats all of the positives and negatives about this game that I can think of as of writing this review, if you have read this review, I hope you have learned alot and want to thank you for reading this. I will now give you my final verdict on this game.Final verdict:Do I think this game is worth it, even with all the bugs, glitches and drama surrounding the game? Yes. I recommend this game for a horror fan and also a fan of the Friday The 13th franchise. Yes, there are a few down sides to this game but the developers have promised that much more will come to this game which I personally can't wait for. If you still haven't made up your mind about this game, wait a few months and see the future updates and then see if it is worth your time.Thanks."
76561198081514091,Recommended,438740,34177178,Posted: 11 August,all,ShadowTetsuo,"I like the game, only real gripe so far is how they cycle jason players, If a game just ended and a few players stayed, they shouldnt let the newest addition to the game be selected as jason before someone who has been in the room 2-3 games prior. other then that very fun and solid game once you get the learning curve down"
,Recommended,438740,35483529,Posted: 4 October,all,Devin Limondi,Love it!
,Recommended,438740,34564715,Posted: 28 August,all,Fablemanor,Needs some  patches but over all a good game.
76561198067838736,Recommended,438740,34789995,Posted: 7 September,all,(ISIG) Scorpionspear77,"Pretty good overall, but lets go over pros and cons:Pros:-Wonderful presentation. If you like the movies, you'll love how this looks- Pretty scary as a counselor, while still being decent fun. Wonderful feel like you're in one of the movies-Playing as Jason can be a blast once you've got some experience under your belt-constant support from the devs means that the game is still evolving-Upgrade/Perk system is simple yet effectiveCons:-Can be slightly glitchy, but most of that is minor visual or sound stuff that fixes itself after a minute or two.-No singleplayer yet at the time of this writing, so those with bad internet should probably wait until that's releasedOverall a great game, made even better if you enjoy asymmetrical multiplayer or the Friday the 13th franchise. While it does have some problems, the devs are constantly working to fix any problems that come up. Worth your money, but like with anything I'd advise looking at gameplay videos in order to see if it's your cup of tea."
76561198356924880,Recommended,438740,34748494,Posted: 4 September,all,JEFFYBOMB,it says somethings missing from my computer
,Recommended,438740,34964125,Posted: 14 September,all,Jimi The Otter-Twitch,"I play since its release and I've never stop doing it. Friday the 13th is my main game.Playing that game make you feel like you're part of a Friday the 13th movie...but now its up to you to decide if you want to be the lone survivor orone of the body count,"
76561198302362962,Not Recommended,438740,32011141,Posted: 27 May,all,Wormy Mc Squirmy,ORIGINAL DILLY DINGUS REVIEW:http://steamcommunity.com/id/yourwaifuisshitdesu/recommended/438740UNBAN DILLY DINGUS UNBAN DILLY DINGUS UNBAN DILLY DINGUS UNBAN DILLY DINGUS UNBAN DILLY DINGUS UNBAN DILLY DINGUS UNBAN DILLY DINGUS UNBAN DILLY DINGUS UNBAN DILLY DINGUS UNBAN DILLY DINGUS UNBAN DILLY DINGUS UNBAN DILLY DINGUS UNBAN DILLY DINGUS UNBAN DILLY DINGUS UNBAN DILLY DINGUS UNBAN DILLY DINGUS UNBAN DILLY DINGUS UNBAN DILLY DINGUS UNBAN DILLY DINGUS  UNBAN DILLY DINGUS UNBAN DILLY DINGUS UNBAN DILLY DINGUS UNBAN DILLY DINGUS UNBAN DILLY DINGUS UNBAN DILLY DINGUS UNBAN DILLY DINGUS UNBAN DILLY DINGUS UNBAN DILLY DINGUS UNBAN DILLY DINGUS UNBAN DILLY DINGUS UNBAN DILLY DINGUS UNBAN DILLY DINGUS UNBAN DILLY DINGUS UNBAN DILLY DINGUS UNBAN DILLY DINGUS UNBAN DILLY DINGUS  UNBAN DILLY DINGUS UNBAN DILLY DINGUS UNBAN DILLY DINGUS UNBAN DILLY DINGUS UNBAN DILLY DINGUS UNBAN DILLY DINGUS UNBAN DILLY DINGUS UNBAN DILLY DINGUS UNBAN DILLY DINGUS UNBAN DILLY DINGUS UNBAN DILLY DINGUS UNBAN DILLY DINGUS UNBAN DILLY DINGUS UNBAN DILLY DINGUS UNBAN DILLY DINGUS UNBAN DILLY DINGUS UNBAN DILLY DINGUSand unban our lord and saviour zimbabwe pizza
,Recommended,438740,34659072,Posted: 1 September,all,PEENOOTZ,"honestly, ive been waiting for soo long to have an F13 game,sure its got bugs and got some cluncky bits to it, but im not gonna complain after years of waiting.this is one of the few games where i dont care which side i play on because i enjoy what both side offers.-Jason: kill everyone using your availble skills (different stats for each jasons)-Counselors: escape, kill jason or survive there are several character to choose from with different advantages and disadvantages.cosmetics are cool, might not apply to everyone but i find them appealing."
,Recommended,438740,34743523,Posted: 4 September,all,CaioEPIC_YT,Server são complicados de achar mesmo colcoando na gringa arrumen pf sem isso 8/10 se nao tivesse isso 10/10Server are complicated to find even coloando in gringa arrumen pf without it 8/10 if not fallen that 10/10
,Recommended,438740,34514960,Posted: 26 August,all,Schnitzel,It's okay
76561198193184719,Recommended,438740,35029735,Posted: 17 September,all,dirtythong,great game
76561198002869339,Recommended,438740,34792597,Posted: 7 September,all,EMUI,nice games
,Recommended,438740,35023900,Posted: 17 September,all,Flight Officer John Herbert,"Wanted to wait til I had 69 hours before I reviewed... Mmm...It's a good game. Sure, it's glitchy/buggy, but the devs are working on these things. It's a small team so you just have to go with the flow. They're also adding content and managing community-related activities, so one should understand.As for the bans, I know nothing about them. The devs have rules from what I've seen, so just follow them? Don't understand the issue here. Don't be a d**k and the same should be granted you, and if it doesn't? Mute/report them. Not hard.As an avid F13 fan, I'm enjoying the game and looking forward to the future content and fixes.And don't forget about the sweet young fellas online in this game... Mmm..."
76561198018601521,Recommended,438740,34668997,Posted: 1 September,all,Nightknight,It's good
76561198157043877,Recommended,438740,35115914,Posted: 21 September,all,venom gaming,its really good
76561198022147744,Not Recommended,438740,35339007,Posted: 30 September,all,Kalem,savini
76561197991099978,Not Recommended,438740,32006126,Posted: 27 May,all,Sticky,"""We did not expect such a load on the servers"".. heard it before."
76561198003550750,Not Recommended,438740,32372235,Posted: 12 June,all,TheBloodGuy617,Horrible.. Not fun at all.. save your money.. other survivors are supposed to work together.. most of the online players don't.. its absically a mad dash to escape.. controls are bad.. once jason is on you it's very hard to get away with your poor excuse for a stamina bar.. game needs alot of work..
76561198146143481,Not Recommended,438740,32371241,Posted: 12 June,all,gtube3a,how do i play single player i travel alot and cant play the game plz help
76561198158922341,Not Recommended,438740,32098329,Posted: 31 May,all,Petty_Bone,its meh...it wil die out.  its like the whole game is in slowmo.  disappointed
,Recommended,438740,32092897,Posted: 31 May,all,<blank>,"Oyun gayet iyi, bazı değerlendirmeleri okuduğumda önyargılı yaklaşmıştım ama oynayınca fikrim değişti. Fakat yine de kickstarterda başlayan ve yetersiz geliştirici kadrosundan ötürü biraz acele ile yayınlandığını düşünüyorum. Oyunda oldukça fazla bug var, sadece mekanik olarak da değil. Grafikleri güzel de olsa karakterlerin davranış ve hareketleri oldukça eksik görünüyor. Ama geliştiricilerin kazandıkları parayla ellerinden geleni yaparak kısa bir sürede daha stabil hale getireceklerini düşünüyorum. Jason oldukça güçlü başlarda sizi gördüğü an yeterli loot yapmamışsanız jasondan kurtulma şansınız oldukça az. Oyun competetive bir oyun değil, dead by daylight'da olduğu gibi kasıntı bir bloodweb ile karakterinizi geliştirme durumu yok, oldukça kolay perk alabiliyorsunuz. Fakat her karakterle oynayamıyorsunuz levelinizi yükseltmeniz gerekiyor.Bu arada belirtmeden edemeyeceğim  : ilk oyunumda Jason oldum ve 8 kişinin 7 sini öldürdüm. o_OOyunun Artıları:+ Oynanışı ve mekanikleri oldukça keyifli ( fear, sense, stalk vb ).+ Oyunda sizi tilt edecek, öfkelendirecek çok fazla bi durum yaşanmıyor. ( şimdilik sadece bir defa oyun başlar başlamaz bana saldırıp beni öldüren bir conselour ile karşılaştım, gerçekten sinir bozucuydu.)+ Grafikler oldukça güzel+ Optimizasyon iyi sayılır, bu kadar detaylı grafiklere yapılabilecek en iyisi yapılmış ve ileride daha da fazla optimizasyona önem vereceklerdir.+ Oyun içi konuşma özelliği gayet güzel.+ Objectiveler biraz zor ve şans gerektiriyor fakat gayet güzel ( polisi arama, aracı tamir etme ve kaçma, botu tamir etme ve gölden kaçma vb )+ Karakter çeşitliliği fazla ve stat olayı yeterli derecede dengeli.Eksileri :- En Büyük Eksi : Öldükten sonra EXP almak istiyorsanız oyunun bitmesini beklemek durumundasınız bazen 15-20 dakika diğerlerini izlemek zorunda kalmanız oldukça sinir bozucu. Ben pek beklemedim öldüysem fazla bi objective yapmadıysam genelde direk lobiden çıkıyorum.- Sistem gereksinimi biraz yüksek, recommended ve minimumum pek tutarlı değil.- Katil biraz fazla güçlü sizi tuttuğu an eğer pocket knife yoksa kaçmanız pek mümkün değil. Biraz nerflenmesi lazım.- Oyunun Dead by daylight gibi uzun süre oynanabilecek bir oyun olmasını dilerdim ama malesef oyun uzun vadede sıkıcı olacak gibi duruyor. Bu yüzden ;- Fiyatı biraz pahalı :(Final notu : Eğer ortalama düzeyde bir bilgisayarınız ve oynayabileceğiniz arkadaşlarınız var ise ( çok önemli değil solo da sıkıntısız ) gayet güzel bir oyun. Geliştiriciler güncelleme yaparsa bu değerlendirmemi güncelleyeceğim ;)"
76561198340023706,Not Recommended,438740,32337367,Posted: 11 June,all,lwellington316,"VERY FUN.   but i would not recomend it rn.   if its on sale, buy it its very fun, but full price its not worth the money.  its still full of bugs, some small ones that are easy to overlook, but it also has its share of game breaking bugs such as; not being able to move, not being able to interact, and rounds not ending.   it also doesnt let you change the key mapping so if you dont like a control to bad youre stuck with it.  once its updated a few times and some more content is put out ill change the review."
76561198271708059,Not Recommended,438740,32243598,Posted: 7 June,all,FangFire,"The game is really fun and enjoyable especially when you play as jason but, it might just be me and my computer so take it with a grain of salt sometimes I crash during the game and i hate it when it crashes while im jason. If you want to put in the comments a way I can fix it be my guest."
76561198006487904,Recommended,438740,33326893,Posted: 6 July,all,TruckRockpec,"Paid full price a week after release, following a couple patches. My play experience has had few of the issues many reviewers note.The game is a blast, especially when your team has mics. Communication is important to surviving, and at the moment, voice is the only option. There are a wide variety of counsellors to choose from, each of whom serve a different role on the team. There are also several different versions of Jason to choose from, and each has a handful of unique cinemating kills...plus a dozen or so kills from a shared pool...plus dozens of context-sensitive environmental kills. Basically, Jason can kill you in a lot of ways.It's 7v1, so if you liked Dead by Daylight or White Noise, you might like this too. The game has issues, yes, but the devs are actively working on fixing them (one or more patches per week so far), plus additional content. It's best with friends, so join the F13 subreddit and meet some folks."
,Recommended,438740,33378637,Posted: 8 July,all,Ghargus,"Im just gonna be honest about this, this game is by no means fair, Jasons advantages over the counselors is staggering, and most of the time it seems that with little effort, jason can break you in half, but to me thats not a big deal, and im no professional either. as someone who primarly chooses counselor over jason, ive been thrown out of more windows than escaping, is it aggrivating? yes, but thats no reason to cry nerf. the game does have its glitches and it seems that jasons grab is a wee bit further than his animation would suggest, but that might be a ping problem. the game is pretty fun otherwise.the worst problem this game is the community, and thats a huge problem sinse this game is multiplayer only. but its not the team killers or the comedic jasons that bother me the most, but the twitch hunters. and last time i checked, a recent incident involving that was resolved  rather poorly, if you have a decently sized group of friends who want to play this, stick to private rooms. they dont need 8/8 players to start the game, 2/2 at least."
,Recommended,438740,32056711,Posted: 29 May,all,Klipped,AYEEE THATS PRETTY GOOOOOOOD
76561198049011699,Recommended,438740,33466768,Posted: 11 July,all,Stamp0307,"Yes it has bugs and yes it can be repetitive.  Despite the game's faults, it stays true to the movie series I grew up becoming an avid fan of.  On top of that, it's simple to jump into and play which is good for me being that life makes it difficult to play games these days.  If you like Dead by Daylight, then give this one a shot.  If gore and horror are not your thing, or you hated the series, then take this review with a grain of salt."
76561198362360541,Recommended,438740,33431764,Posted: 10 July,all,FoxSK_army SK/CZ,wow nice game
,Recommended,438740,32004011,Posted: 27 May,all,Fruithy,fun
,Recommended,438740,31981777,Posted: 26 May,all,ֆᎮ⊰◜◟⋎◞◝⊱ֆᎮ,Enjoying the heck out of this game :)
,Not Recommended,438740,32753086,Posted: 24 June,all,✩ Shyrr-k '-'. _ ✬,"Doesn't display the date, how do I know it's the 13th today?"
,Recommended,438740,32421072,Posted: 14 June,all,1minmypocket,fun
76561198048364390,Recommended,438740,33111653,Posted: 1 July,all,Datpurpsky,cool
76561198290986797,Recommended,438740,32016823,Posted: 28 May,all,Drunking Cricket,EXP?
76561198042715595,Not Recommended,438740,32456269,Posted: 15 June,all,Huntzsman,"After enjoying the game quite a lot in private matches. The gamebreaking bugs, that just seem to get worse. Started to put a halt on my enjoyment of the game. When I tryed to go to public matches the game crashed more and more as time went on. Out of 10 games I tryed to play 8 of them would crash in the middle or right at the end of the game making it almost impossible to do anything at all."
,Recommended,438740,33840483,Posted: 27 July,all,twitch.tv/Burrito_mafia,I get to play as Jason dude. Sale sure but price rn is aids. But still game is fun af better then DBD
76561198170546615,Recommended,438740,33640644,Posted: 18 July,all,falvaib,"I have to say I'm both thrilled and dissapointed with this game at it's current state.The game does give you the athmosphere of the movies (really good job there), but the game is lacking SO MUCH CONTENT! -and as everybody saying ""the current price is too much for this game for it's ""CURRENT STATE"".I'm hoping that as time goes by everything will be sorted out on the road, so i do reccomend this game, but not now.I suggest you to wait until the Single Player comes out this summer with a lot of bugfixes (hopefully) and then purchase it.Until then play Dead by Daylight!"
,Recommended,438740,33739819,Posted: 23 July,all,BoostJuice,"Amazing Game, Shutup and take my money!"
76561198233111808,Recommended,438740,33916410,Posted: 30 July,all,Doge,Really fun game to play.
76561198122236240,Recommended,438740,33840605,Posted: 27 July,all,Biomass,Would die from Jason again 10/10
,Recommended,438740,33759706,Posted: 23 July,all,loganger,its a pretty good game but if you want to have real fun make sure you are with your friends
,Recommended,438740,34123730,Posted: 9 August,all,Druna,"This game is a blast to play with friends. It is a must play for any horror junky. The only thing I can complain about are the kids who get on and act, well, like kids, but that's not the developers fault. This game is nostalgic and will definitely make you feel unsafe at times. Ch ch ch ah ah ah."
,Not Recommended,438740,32013881,Posted: 28 May,all,Comrade Killboxx,I refunded this game in under an hour..
,Recommended,438740,33630673,Posted: 18 July,all,LovesHidden TTV,Its a great game it does have its glitches and bugs  i pefer not being jason and set my prefrance as such and still get jason a lot  i dont like that there is problems  as well with getting stuck in  windows or if jason  grabs you outta a car it can bug you were you can not get back in  or pick anything up  but over all its a great game i love playing
,Recommended,438740,33630478,Posted: 18 July,all,Horizon,"It is a very fun game when playing with friends, however does need a lot of developing and more in depth gameplay (more gamemodes) to become one of the best games on steam. Dispite all this, i would still recommend it to anyone who thinks of buying it, but due to the price maybe wait for a sale."
,Recommended,438740,33788952,Posted: 25 July,all,Hate Bein' Sober,"I really like this game ! During playing this game , I have met a lot of good friends in my life! There is a lot of bugs , but it doesn't matter . Recommend you all"
,Recommended,438740,33834224,Posted: 27 July,all,JENGBOBOEIEI,เกมส์ดีสนุกใช้ได้เลยทีเดียว แต่เสียอย่างเดียวบัคเยอะมากกกกกก ล่าสุดพึ่งบัคสลับสล่างจ้างงเบย
76561198032354712,Recommended,438740,32551589,Posted: 18 June,all,Pumasic™,lol its funny as hell
76561197963473424,Recommended,438740,33421460,Posted: 9 July,all,Big Daddy Dwayne,Friday the 13th what can I say. I am a huge fan of the entire franchise an finally i get to play. It would really be hard for me to write an unbiased review so i'll just list my likes and dislikesLikes:- Solid controls easy to get the hang of keyboard and mouse or Game Pad- Multiple objectives for camp councelors to win- You can fight back with weapons too give you a chance to escape form being murdered- Graphics are solid and mini cinimatics in kill scenes for the most part are seemless- Kill Scenes are bang on to what you woul see in the movies- the way in game voice chat functions is a very cool concept- Jasons power ups work extremly well with the character- Music and sound effects are fantastic- And finally you can play as jason and murder other players just like the moviesDislikes:- Lack of content such as the single player mode which was what held back the release of the game and though not a huge deal to me as it is to some only giving most of the DLC to people who backed the project durring initial design.- The international servers can be frustraiting when everyone is speaking a different language than you. this has only happene once to me- not a big fan of the menu system but again thats just a personal thing I had a bit of hard time figuring out how to setup my characters- combating jason is a little clunky always feels like players are just taking wild swings- 40 bucks is a little steep of a price for this game especially since Dead by Day Light was $15.00 when I bought it on preorder and is still only $22.00cdn today another 20 will get at least half the DLCOver all fantastic game.  I truly enjoy playing it  an I hope if and when with future DLC it will only get better and I do recommend playing it to everyone especially if your a Friday the 13th fan
76561198332709872,Recommended,438740,33539859,Posted: 14 July,all,PartyBones,I love this game its so interactive and i love the jason so if you are a friday the 13th fan you should really get the game
,Recommended,438740,33541379,Posted: 14 July,all,Mr. Poopybutthole,"If you are a Jason fan and seen all his movies and played the old school NES Friday the 13th game, then this game is a must. If you are not a Jason fan and have not seen his movies or played the old NES Friday the 13th game, then you STILL MUST GET THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!As the great Jeff Spicoli once said: AWESOME TOTALLY AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561197976071098,Not Recommended,438740,32196697,Posted: 5 June,all,Black Dynamite,"This game is not what i thought it would be, Jason is a little underpowered not to mention the counslers can gang up on jason and kill him. Hunting down people can be a real chore not to mention if jason gets stunned it's for like 3 hours. wish i would have waited to purchase the game because 30+$ is a little to much for it. If you're looking to buy it i would wait and see if it get's any better because as it stands it's no better than DBD..You have counslers that can stun you with one hit for 30 sec or more you finally grab them you get pocket knifed stuned for 30 sec or more you try and get them again they hit you again stuned 30sec or more. The scariest killer in the world reduced to a one hit punk,why don't you just let the counslers kill him while he is on the ground. THIS never happened in ANY of the movies. Stay away from this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game Jason is a worthless Punk in this game...STAY AWAY..."
76561197970974192,Not Recommended,438740,32322846,Posted: 10 June,all,Hubert Cumberdale,"This game in it's current state is definitely not worth £29.99, dead by daylight is half the price with triple the content and a more polished game. Friday the 13th crashes constantly and the developers know that but they have stated that it's not a priority until PS4 and Xbox are sorted first. It is a fun game but I'd recommend waiting for the bugs / crashing to be sorted out and then get it when it's on sale.2 months later and it still crashes. AVOID AVOID AVOID!!!"
76561198172077687,Not Recommended,438740,32259480,Posted: 7 June,all,Sparky.KSD,"Its a garbage game i got grabbed through a wall, the movement is to slow, the killer is way to ♥♥♥♥ing strong, the hitboxes need to be fixed, this whole game needs to be taken off and fixed for a real release where the game is not ♥♥♥♥ing buggy, THIS GAME IS NOT ♥♥♥♥ING WORTH 40$"
,Recommended,438740,33599447,Posted: 16 July,all,Darts,betraying simulator 2017
76561198052370197,Recommended,438740,33598791,Posted: 16 July,all,Like 20 Lizards,amazing
76561198094518238,Recommended,438740,31978961,Posted: 26 May,all,Minimumer,"1.4h spielzeit.. hauptmenü-simulator. 10/10, ähnlich wie ubisoft servern momentan"
,Recommended,438740,31978870,Posted: 26 May,all,The Sniper,"Its a very well made game but every time I try to play it says 'failed login"" please fix this. I was able to play last night but now I cant."
,Recommended,438740,32004928,Posted: 27 May,all,Derek,Great game... Important patches and fixes came in just after one day!
76561198314684139,Recommended,438740,33942331,Posted: 31 July,all,Matt,EXCELLENT GAME DONT BAN ME DEVS PLZ PLZ PLZ GAME $40 WELL WORTH 10/10 WOULD CHIPPITY CHOP AGAIN
,Not Recommended,438740,32303662,Posted: 9 June,all,"=The Gaming Engine= ""He's Dead""",This is a complete wase of money and a big cup of satins♥♥♥♥♥water
,Not Recommended,438740,32165958,Posted: 3 June,all,Firm Father,"♥♥♥♥♥game, i cant even launch it because it says im missing mvpc10000000 or some dumb♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198410508032,Recommended,438740,34364462,Posted: 19 August,all,Spidermikey,Great game and can't wait for the new updates to come to make it even better.
,Recommended,438740,34433248,Posted: 23 August,all,E X T R A  T H I C C,Played Jason.Got called a jew.10/10
76561198202271184,Recommended,438740,34440092,Posted: 23 August,all,ElsterHell,"Overall, an enjoyable game. The amount of gruesome deaths the game has makes it enjoyable each time as you don't know what you'll get. However, certain matches sometimes become unenjoyable when you finally get to play as Jason then half the lobby is upset they can't be him so they leave. I wish there there was some form of abandon penalty."
,Recommended,438740,34440707,Posted: 23 August,all,NateShotTacos,"Let me just start by saying this, this game is amazing and I very strongly recommend if you have the money to buy it, it is the best casual game I have ever played"
76561197967502752,Recommended,438740,34359948,Posted: 19 August,all,Vaughn,"Great Idea and concept. Most people want to be Jason and kill worthless, screaming, self-centered, idiotic people. Guess what? Even if you're not Jason, you can do the same! Pay 40 bucks to get utterly♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off and have no idea who you might be killed by.  Oh by the way, we're going to release a, ""nerd jack off $4 dollar expansion"" to see who is still playing. Regardless, continue to get team killed by loud♥♥♥♥♥Koreans... Devs, let Jason power through houses and furniture like he doesn't give a **** and start cutting back levels and perks of these douchers we all love to hate. I'm sorry but I know Tom and Kane, and if they are backers of this game, they should be in the small bracket of people who declare they give less than a ♥♥♥♥ about people's feelings. Let's find an option to kill every last mother ♥♥♥♥er on the goddamn board and quit the ♥♥♥♥♥ grabass♥♥♥♥♥♥ I want to be scared of a serial killer, not some♥♥♥♥♥♥who just rolled out of Radio Shack."
,Recommended,438740,32052632,Posted: 29 May,all,Woody,Very fun. Many glitches that are funny or ruin the game. Jason is so op and its so fun to play as him!
76561198324495637,Not Recommended,438740,31994903,Posted: 27 May,all,Stewartclark10,Do not buy this game because it does not work you need msvcp140.dll I cant if you do know how please tell me.
76561198065714883,Not Recommended,438740,32052319,Posted: 29 May,all,MrAnthrope,Gun Media and IllFonic are in over their heads with this game. I expect to see them disappear into the shadows of the angry mob they robbed. Remember these two names and avoid this purchase and future purchase as well. You have been warned...
76561198261235160,Recommended,438740,31985350,Posted: 26 May,all,Babbaloo,"""indepth review""I enjoy the game despite the issues."
,Recommended,438740,32008371,Posted: 27 May,all,Danken55,im sorry to say i pay for 40 dollar game plus low then 60 good price plus game really good who ever say about price or the game suck then there wrong they just want to hate it to troll. So far i played this game really fun and in joy u can play with jason and human player also. Good garph if u have garph card that high. Thing about jason kind hard to get away from him alone so reason im say make sure u with friend or u got something on u. U may have failed server because just came out so not going say anything about it and didnt had that issuse but one time only plus no big deal. Game really fun and got 3 map plus just came out so wait for more map come out and more other stuff they would do other then that love the game. Sorry to say who ever thump down becuase stupid reason they trying troll because game really good i played it. May be hard if player no how play jason just like me but be with players that can be fun. Meet people that funny and messed up when leave u or just run u over like friend of mine lol but still fun anyways give this game thump up.
76561198339905178,Recommended,438740,33682795,Posted: 20 July,all,DanIDK,At the start when it first came out i didnt really like it. I tried it again and felt a sense of horror and i started playing it again and again. Then i looked at players playing right now and sadly the game dropped in players and died. RIP
76561198024172958,Recommended,438740,31980062,Posted: 26 May,all,bobo,"10/10 - can't play due to connection error, will probably be able to play this game by friday the 13th"
,Recommended,438740,35218930,Posted: 26 September,all,ZeaL cs.moneyPvpro.com,The Best!!!
76561198137873062,Not Recommended,438740,31989338,Posted: 26 May,all,didgi123,Not worth the $40 at all. If you havent already buy dead by daylight for half the price and get a far better value for money. I was really hoping to enjoy this game but its trash in my opinion.
,Not Recommended,438740,31988697,Posted: 26 May,all,Space Lobster,I like it but its not worth $40. Not even close..All 3 maps look the sameJason can teleport around right infront of youHe can grab and insta kill you (which IS unfair) I also feel bad when doing it to players at the startPointless progression systemOBJ's are all the same after 2 matchesThe best part of this game is the execution variety - its amazingly grossAlso proxy voice chat.. thats good too.
,Recommended,438740,32051659,Posted: 29 May,all,куƶєє 💕,"I couldn't play for 3 or 4 hours because of server issues. Other than that, the game works absolutely fine (except for some minor bugs) and it will probably be my game of the year. I haven't played such a fun game in a looong time (Dead by Daylight was really boring in my opinion). Definitely recommended."
,Not Recommended,438740,32075358,Posted: 30 May,all,Niko Bellic,"This game is simply not worth 40 dollars. The only enjoyable time is when you're playing as Jason, and even that is short lived due to glitches and people leaving the session.Singleplayer / Bots would make this so much better.Not worth purchasing right now."
,Not Recommended,438740,31998894,Posted: 27 May,all,moofy,Very buggy.Full of screaming kids.Wait until the game is patched to a playable state.
,Not Recommended,438740,33601613,Posted: 16 July,all,OpenAI (Easy Bot),"♥♥♥♥ing dumb,, i got banned after helping jason. i wont buy this trash game again."
,Recommended,438740,33828936,Posted: 27 July,all,Exiles of the Underground,"Highly addictive, f the haters.  The game was a bit rough on launch week but the patches have fixed that.  This is hide 'n go seek with Jason Voorhees, if you're laid back and use the mic you'll have a good time."
76561198203184348,Recommended,438740,33421974,Posted: 9 July,all,Cyborg129claw,"I think it's a damn well good time, fun enjoyable for the most part, yes it has some bugs like quite a few but i know the devs are working on them daily, minus the majority of the players being♥♥♥♥♥♥as in being annoying, or blasting the mic, and the little kids are just awful but other than that it's fun and I can't wait for it to get better 7.5/10"
76561198189611753,Recommended,438740,34824209,Posted: 8 September,all,RetroBond,I say this game is really good for horror survival fans that really love friday the 13th
,Recommended,438740,34642462,Posted: 31 August,all,Bôbo,get it cos it gudedit:none of my friends have this game so i am lonely
,Recommended,438740,34539079,Posted: 27 August,all,PeepieyS,Playing as Jason is without a doubt the most enjoyable time I'll have with Friday The 13th but in the end the people that play this game are very annoyingI played two game like 5 minutes into the first one somebody was trying to kill me so I had to shoot they with a shotgun and I lost 1000CP . But what was I supposed to do I did not want to die . I really like the devs but the people just ruined it for meRate : 9/10
76561198027573816,Recommended,438740,33447343,Posted: 10 July,all,Steven Seagal,"$39.99 is what you expect to pay for a game and was willing to pay it because it's a indie game and money should be going to help make it better.This game has so much potential if they keep working on it, They really need that single player mode because it's rare you get to play Jason, I only got to play Jason once and that was my first game even though I have it set as spawn as Jason in my settings.I had one really great game as a counselor we all worked as a team and we all made it out alive except one but usually there is no team work and almost everyone dies.Also they do uneven match ups you have level 4 going up against level 15+, They also need to add up grades for counselors like they have for Jason and if you are playing against Tom Savini's there no chance to survive and it's unfair that only ones who funded it through their start up program gets Tom Savini's Jason.There is cheating going on the game where you have counselors helping Jason some of it is harder to see but some is real clear like in one game after it ended I heard the Jason player and a counselors talking the counselors said ""I killed more then you did"" and in another game I heard them talking in the game and once they found out Tommy Jarvis player had quit they counselor told Jason ""You can either kill me or i can tell you where the other counselors are"",  One way they could make this harder is to make so the one playing Jason can't communicate with the ones playing counselors.I also don't like that you have to wait for everyone to die, escape  or time to run out before you can get your XP points and start another game sometime this can be 20 minutes, Once you die you should get what few xp points you get and then be able to start a new game.I also read the reviews where some have commented to the cheaters I don't do that.I really do believe a lot of the cheaters are KS funders and have a relationship with the makers what I do is I just avoid them in the game stay as far away from them as possible  and let the clock run out, I ran into three cheaters and two out of  three times this worked, boring but it's the only option.ProTrue to the moviesGood graphicsfunConsCHEATING( Counselors Helping Jason)Not able to play as JasonLong wait times for a new game if you get killed earlyNot enough perk spotsUnbalanced matches ( I.E. Level 4 vs Level 15+)No support when you email them you get a automated reply that says you won't hear back from them plus they do have a forum but you have to log in to use it but there is no way to sign up.In closing i recommend this game but it does need some work the three major things I hope they fix is the wait after you get killed to get xp and replay, Not being able to play as Jason and the cheating(I really want this one fixed)"
,Recommended,438740,33304693,Posted: 6 July,all,Ton1. Montana,I Like it as much as Mia Khalifas Boobs!
76561198215873983,Not Recommended,438740,31984418,Posted: 26 May,all,Mu,"Concise review of the pros and cons.I will list the CONS first, because they out number the pros by far.1. You will not be able to play the game. The servers are always down, you can not get into the main menu.2. IF you somehow are lucky enough to get on and search for a lobby. That will take you some time. (5 - 30 minutes)3. Bugs and glitches, everywhere. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ animations/ and clipping through walls.4. 3 maps, less than 10 weapons, only 3 ways out. Every match plays out the same and the experience will dull FAST5. Wanna buy a perk? Your game freezes.6. You can experience everything this game has to offer in less than a hour.PROS1. You can refund this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198141625588,Not Recommended,438740,32144158,Posted: 2 June,all,StrawHatSteven,"Games horrible, people exploiting and working together with jason. Top it off with the fact that its $40 bucks and jason has an instant teleport grab and the poorest hit detection with jason AND the bloody counselers makes for a very frustrating and unworthy experience for anyone, like myself, who loves Jason as a horror character and wanted a game done right."
,Not Recommended,438740,32146865,Posted: 3 June,all,TJX295,"Buggy and clunky.The game is not worth the price tag of $40. It should cost about $10 for what it is. Since there are tons of little unlockables it could even be a free to play with microtransactions.Wait a few months for numerous updates, and a sale."
,Not Recommended,438740,32996098,Posted: 29 June,all,Dr.██████,10/10 Never get to play as Jason
76561198123982189,Recommended,438740,33357972,Posted: 7 July,all,Dedro,"After playing about 50 hours of this game, I'll finally write a review!It's a really fun game. You can play as either Jason Vorhees or one of the counselors. As Jason, your objective is to kill all the counselors with the use of 4 abilities, in which 2 of them are unusable at the first 1 minute of the game ( Stalk and Shift). There are currently 6 playable Jasons (Excluding Savini Jason). There's the Morph, It's a quick moving method for Jason that makes him teleport to anywhere in the map, it recharges a little quicker than Sense. There's the Sense ability, Jason uses it to see where the counselors are (they will be marked in red). Although if the counselors have high luck and stealth, there's a chance they'll avoid Sense, it recharges a little slower than Morph. There's Shift, it's used for Jason to move quickly to be able to catch the counselors, It recharges after quite some times. There's Stalk, when Jason uses Stalk, The counselors will no longer be able to hear Jason's music, and Jason will be able to hear them walking around and opening drawers etc.. Therefore making Jason ""stealthy"" and attack them out of nowhere without them noticing.With all of the gory killing animations as Jason, it sure is hard to get bored of that little guy! They're very well made and makes me feel bad for counselors, haha.As the counselors, your objective is to try to escape. They have the advantage over Jason in speed, Although they have stamina which limits their movement if it runs out. There are currently about 10 Counselors Excluding Tommy Jarvis. (Erik Lachappa, Chad Kensington, Tiffany Cox, Brandon Wilson, Kenny Riedell, Deborah Kim, A.J Mason, Jenny Myers, Adam Palomino and Vanessa Jones.)As one of the counselors, you have to go around houses getting items such as : Pocket Knives (Help you break Jason's traps and get out of Jason's grip), Firecrackers (Usually used to regain stamina in as it stuns Jasons if he gets near it), Med Sprays (Used to heal counselors if they're injured or hit), Maps (Helps you see the whole map you're playing in, can be viewed by pressing ""M""), Walkie Talkies (Used to interact with other counselors who have the same item, you can talk with nearby people and people on walkie's by holding the ""T"" button). You can also find weapons like : Baseball bats, Axe's, Machete's (usually used to kill jason along with the axe), Wooden planks (They're pretty much useless but they DO count as a weapon), tree logs (same as wooden planks), And finally Wrenches). You can stun Jason with weapons, It depends on your LUCK and STRENGTH stats.There're many ways to escape from Jason. You can get the fuse and go ahead and put it in the phone box (spawns in a random house) and call the cops (But beware, most Jasons go put many traps at the phone house) Then you'll get a timer (mostly 5 mins but can be lowered if you have the ""My dad's a cop"" Perk). After the 5 mins have passed, the police will spawn at one of 2 locations. There's the car escape route. You'll first need to get gas and a battery to repair the car, and then get car keys to start it and go to one of the 2 exits to escape, there's a 4 seater ( 4 people can ride on it) and there's a 2 seater ( 2 people can ride on it). There's a boat escape route, where you'll need to get a propeller and gas to repair it, then you'll start it (you don't need nothing to start it) and you'll go to the exit, but jason can catch up quick since he's waay faster in water than in land. There's the killing route, where you can get Tommy Jarvis called and then you need him to get a machete, and then you'll need to try to get Jason's mask off by hitting him multiple times. Then you'll need to get a female character to go to Jason's shack and pick up his mom's sweater (Pamela's Sweater), After that has been done, the female character will be required to press Q on Jason (to talk to him as his mother) and then someone has to quickly hit Jason so he falls on his knees. After that every character in the area will have to press E therefore activating the killing animation for Tommy Jarvis putting the machete right in Jason's bare face, making everybody alive in the round survive! There's the ""Patience"" route, where you'll have to just survive for 20 mins till the time's up, it'll still count as an escape.The counselors have a fear system, that builds up fear in them making you have maany difficulties in being stealthy. It'll make you stumble and lose your mini map and pretty much easy to get detected by Jason. The fear in your counselor is affected by your ""Composure"" stats, the higher the stat is the harder for the counselor to get scared. Counselors can get scared by many things. If Jason's near them, they'll start getting scared. If they're alone in the dark, they'll get really scared. If the power is out, they'll get really scared, if they see a dead body, th- you know the deal. It adds a whole lot to the game making it a whole lot more challenging, that's for sure!Is it worth 40$?The ""talking"" feature is a great thing that makes the game so much more fun, the fear system, the feature, the graphics and everything. The game in general is great and so much fun, 50 hours of gameplay and I have yet to get bored!So is it worth 40$?In its current state, Not really. There are lots of bugs (Most of them fixed from the last update) and lack of items (there should be more items in the game because right now there's too little).Though with the supposedly coming singleplayer mode and bug fixes, it'll definitely be worth the price then.The game itself is really fun to play with others, seeing their reactions and just talking to them and escaping together. If you have the money and you think you'd like the game and you don't mind the bugs, then buy it it's worth it. If you mind bugs and still have the money, then I'd say wait till it's fixed.Since the last update, most of the bugs have been fixed. I haven't been experiencing crashes or anything, though I sometimes get stuck somewhere or a tommy jarvis spawns without  player controlling them, but it's fine anyways!"
76561198210453812,Recommended,438740,33599626,Posted: 16 July,all,A1phA,"I love this game, it's super fun, both playing Jason and a normal person is always enjoyable. Everyone should get this game, and I can't wait for the single player free update to be released. It is also extra fun with riends."
76561198182599819,Recommended,438740,33528743,Posted: 13 July,all,HAWKING,"I would recommend this game. Although the game is a bit buggy, it still brings a lot of fun. Friday the 13th the game has great potential because of its large fan base surrounding the Friday the 13th franchise. The game is much more fun when playing with friends. I am going to give Friday the 13th the game a 8/10"
76561198159622374,Recommended,438740,33689590,Posted: 20 July,all,Lucelia,"Its good game for people who like to role play the counselors, I've been in some hilarious matches with people who really like to immerse themselves in role play aspect. Lots of gliches but overall a good game to play with friends, I wouldnt recommend online game play unless youre bored because you would be hard pressed to find people to actaully work together as a team to escape."
76561198058183789,Recommended,438740,34509888,Posted: 26 August,all,.+*Star*+.,This game in a nutshell:Russians and squeakers.
,Recommended,438740,32797376,Posted: 25 June,all,Hayley Stark,"3/10- Keeps freezing- Car glitches- Achievements don't work- Connection times out- Servers crash- Can't play in laptop without low resolution, cause game is too heavyIts a fun game, but need a lot of upgrade."
,Not Recommended,438740,32049739,Posted: 29 May,all,Kreeperr,"I've never written a bad review for a game but OMG, I can't even play. Database failure even after a ""Mini"" Patch (1.6 GB)EDIT: after they fix the problems and am available to play, I hop into the fun.-exploits-shift grab (hard to avoid with new players, and there is no ranking so...)-melee only (why I equip thick-skin every round)-no one uses enviromental unless they are garenteed a kill (window, door, tree)-toxic community (kinda eh since they are everywhere)-usually no communication-people leave if they aren't jason (jason gets boring if you only play him imo)-hackers got into f13 accounts a while back+variety+devs semi listen+they're fixing bugs and exploits+doesn't allow to only be jason (would result in more toxic community)+fun with friends+private matches+semi grind for cosmetics and good perks/kills"
,Recommended,438740,33927164,Posted: 31 July,all,Roheliooke,I think is very very good games
,Recommended,438740,33885109,Posted: 29 July,all,Bumble,Got in a game with a russian 10 year old screaming that he was pewdiepie.10/10
,Recommended,438740,34804541,Posted: 7 September,all,VAlexT |victoralexandertan.com,JASON~~ GO Away from me!!
76561197995365210,Recommended,438740,34590730,Posted: 29 August,all,crazymike,>:-{   Stop killing me GWEEDO!!
76561198141506013,Recommended,438740,34595765,Posted: 29 August,all,Brobocop,"Is the game perfect? Nope. Is it frustrating? Can be. Is it fun though? Absolutely. I have a ton of fun playing this game for an hour or so at a time. Such a simple premise, yet can be highly addictive at times. Price tag is a bit steep, but if you can get into it, you’ll get more than your money’s worth. Recommend it, especially if you have a group of friends to play with."
76561198355134954,Recommended,438740,34455929,Posted: 24 August,all,josekun16,Me encantaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
76561198120311218,Recommended,438740,34238365,Posted: 14 August,all,captworks,Really cool and fun even without friends
76561198112258310,Recommended,438740,34460402,Posted: 24 August,all,Dirk.Diggler,84 hours in and still loving it!
76561198363223801,Recommended,438740,33421965,Posted: 9 July,all,Rocketlauncher22,I like it!
76561198072695446,Recommended,438740,34239231,Posted: 14 August,all,spookieboi,my favorite suicide simulator
76561198028404239,Recommended,438740,34138642,Posted: 9 August,all,Hobo Joe,"Above the very few bugs I run into and the people quiting when the round starts because they didnt get picked as Jason, it is still a very fun game that you should play with friends. Its fun being Jason, aswell as the Survivors with a fair balance between the two,"
76561198277763101,Not Recommended,438740,31981092,Posted: 26 May,all,Ozymandias,"if you like hitting space after 15 seconds hoping that you will be able to connect to a server which will inevitably crash, well boy is this the game for you!"
76561198080257142,Not Recommended,438740,32208189,Posted: 5 June,all,SAWMAN,"ERORR ♥♥♥♥ , i cant play ,starting erorr yapıcamız işi sikiyim 3 gb 60 tl veren aklımı sikiyim amk"
76561198172881959,Recommended,438740,33415863,Posted: 9 July,all,♥Kid♥,too many glitches but awesome game :}
76561198347391122,Not Recommended,438740,32965591,Posted: 28 June,all,ryanscanlon,Its not letting me play. says it cant identify my account or something. I was playing fine until now. I wasnt gonna complain about the glitching but now this....idk.
76561198079921604,Not Recommended,438740,32280290,Posted: 8 June,all,mgreyheart,"Honestly don't even bother until the single player with bots come out.First off let me say, its absolute bull crap that single player isn't in this game from the start, so tired of these ""mutiplayer only"" games because they die quicker than a counselor at camp crystal lake and it relies on people, who suck anyway.1. you hardly ever get to play as jason, most people leave if they don't get to be jason at start of match or rage quit leave when you grab kill them, it deprives you of the kill and exp. and there is no penalty for leaving except they get no exp.2. WAY too many trolls, on the counselor side, in addtion to betrayal kills it is way too easy to juke Jason and stun lock him if a bunch of A** wipe counselors group and know where everything is.3. play with more chinese and russians than freakin CS GO or H1Z1.So until they come out with single player with bots, where you can play as Jason and kill couneslors the way the game was meant to played... I  would wait. People like always ruin everything, even being Jason, which should be awesome."
76561198004203983,Recommended,438740,31982145,Posted: 26 May,all,Aidenius,"I have enjoyed it so far in my extensive experience of 1 hor.Fun, immersive.... scary? Yes."
76561198320246624,Not Recommended,438740,32184284,Posted: 4 June,all,GoesFasterThanASmackHeadsGiro,"Dont bother, i thought i would spend £30 on buying this game as it was recomended to me. iv givnt it a couple of trys and im so fed up with it. in fact iv gone back to playing left 4 dead 2 as it had more action and game play. Save your selve the £30 and wait 6 months and they will be giving it away for free. I so wish i gould get a refund."
76561198080354074,Recommended,438740,31975189,Posted: 26 May,all,Keemstar,"Me likeNiceVery niceNot nice, since I have to study9/10"
,Recommended,438740,33438101,Posted: 10 July,all,iFoxKing,"The game is pretgy tough, though very funny. I had lots of great moments playing it with my friends and the astounding trolls I did with the other counselors"
,Recommended,438740,33613282,Posted: 17 July,all,pizzapocket,From videos I've seen the game looks promising...now to get it to start.(3 failed attempts later)
76561198203071919,Recommended,438740,33719862,Posted: 22 July,all,PerfectTv♥,"Well Well Well.Friday the 13th: The Game.As A Younger Gamer In My Childhood I Was Extremly Scared From Jason, And Had No Clue About Him.Well What's Now? Playing The Game Of It???!?!That was my little backstory About this game♥Now,  For The HONEST RewiewFirst Of All, Let Me Introduce The Game To You:-ALL CREDITS TO OFFICAL FRIDAY THE THE13 THE GAME WEBSITE-Gameplay-Friday the 13th: The Game is a third-person horror, survival game where players take on the role of a teen counselor, or for the first time ever, Jason Voorhees. You and six other unlucky souls will do everything possible to escape and survive while the most well-known killer in the world tracks you down and brutally slaughters you.How Will You Survive?-The entire focus of Friday the 13th: The Game is multiplayer. Survival is entirely up to you as you either stealthily hide from Jason or work together as a team to escape. Think you can take Jason on? You and the other counselors will have that chance as well. Be warned though, nothing is ever certain and no one is ever safe!Play as Jason Voorhees!For the first time ever, you will have the opportunity to play as Jason Voorhees, the most famous killer in horror. Stalk your prey and ambush them whenever you see fit. Friday the 13th: The Game will include a variety of kills, new and familiar. You’ll even get to unlock various Jason incarnations from the movies as well as two entirely new designs never before seen.Pros:-Sick Gamplay-Very Fun And Funny With The Community-OK Graphic-Good Ways To Escape As A Counselor-Wide And Great Maps-Good Selections Of Weapons And Addons On The Map (Walkie-Talkie: Allows you to talk to all the other Counselors in-the-game, Map, First Aid, And A Lot More)-Great Plus Balanced Amount Of Vehicle Part To Repair Vehicles Around the map-And Good Hiding Spots (Closet, Under A Bed, Etc.)Btw, Ignore 11yr Saying: OMG JASON IS SO OP WOW BED GIAM!!!ONE!!!!!1!!1!!!!Cons:-Lags Might Apper Even If You Have A Good PC-Community Don't Always Nice-Sometimes Nobody Has A Mic, So I Thought The Devolopers Might Put That You Need To Have Atleast Headphones without mic cause the game is real important with mics...-Croos Teaming With Jason :( (A Counselor(s) Negotiation With Jason That They Would Tell Then Where The Counselors Are And He Would Kill Them And Not Him...My Rewiew From 0 to 10,8.5-Decrease Amount Of Lags And Frame Drops-Mics-Community.(Don't Judge Me Because Of My Playing Hours, I Did A Lot Of Decisions If Bought It Or Not,  And I Bought It Yesterday.)-PerfectTv♥-"
,Recommended,438740,33973898,Posted: 2 August,all,ayanmvr,"Its Great and ton of fun to play especially with friends. we need more maps,counselors.There are some annoying glitches that needs fixing."
76561198061558902,Recommended,438740,32006913,Posted: 27 May,all,[SoN] Russell,Good.
,Recommended,438740,33945031,Posted: 1 August,all,Copperyfoxx,"Despite some bugs that still need fixing, this is an exceptionally fun game, whether it be a newbie or an experienced gamer."
,Recommended,438740,32010549,Posted: 27 May,all,セクシャル Energy,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ boob ;(
76561198036595980,Recommended,438740,33467900,Posted: 11 July,all,Hellás007,It's really fun when you play with friends. A little buggy sometimes but it doesn't make it unplayable.
,Recommended,438740,33890532,Posted: 29 July,all,Sugar Daddy Bill™,"Potential to be the most fun and epic multiplayer survival game. However, development has overlooked some severe game breaking things that should've been fixed already. Here's a short list:(1) Objects becoming bugged. You die with the keys on you, they get ""lost"" so nobody can pick them up even if they can see it on the ground. You die while putting the battery in the car, the battery gets stuck on the hood of the car and nobody can pick it up. The game is full of stupid bugs like this that just shouldn't happen.(2) Jason going into combat mode can block flares, firecrackers, traps. Remove the ""stun immunity"" from combat mode blocking. Just make it a straight damage reduction. Problem solved.(3) Hiding places (beds, closets, tents, etc.) are useless. This could make the game great but it doesn't. Except the humorous moments when you are already dead and spectating and watch some dumb noob try to hide from Jason just to die 5 seconds later.(4) It's pretty rare for any quick play match to not have at least 1-2 losers quit as soon as the match starts because they didn't get picked as Jason. Put a 15 minute penalty on anyone leaving a match before they die. Give disconnected players a chance to rejoin a match. This isn't complicated.(5) Tommy Jarvis bugging out on spawn. Can be extremely frustrating for both the counselors and the Jason player when everyone is dead but a Tommy character is ""alive"" though not controlled by anybody.(6) Combat glitchy. Attack distances need tweaking. Should be able to adjust attack angle all during the swing. It's too easy for a Jason player to backpedal or sidestep and counter.(7) Jason completely immune to damage when stunned. Would make it much better if counselors could keep smacking him around, and if he could struggle back but not grab people while recovering from a stun.(8) Chase mechanics. Something needs to be adjusted here. Maybe give Jason a 5% base movement speed and give counselors 10-15% more stamina. Make him rely more on knife shots to slow people, and his OP shift to catch up to them and his morphing to jump ahead of them. As it is, high stamina + speed characters can outrun Jason indefinitely with the right perks, and the slow fat kids are too easy to run down.All this being said... this game has tons of potential. It's VERY fun at times. If you have a group of friends and decide that Jason should only be allowed to kill people by environment kills, it becomes a very good experience.Or if you play like me and when you spawn as Jason, spend the first few minutes setting up traps, breaking windows, knocking out power, and taking a few knife shots or axe swings at the counselors but not actually trying to kill them, they get a real chance to fight back and survive and make it a fun match. It's far too easy for Jason to kill a player in the first 30 seconds of the match because they were unfortunate enough to spawn right next to the 4-seater or the fusebox.If this game's dev team gets serious about fixing the broken elements of the game, it's gonna be great. As it is, this game should've never been released even as an ""Alpha"" game. However, the kill animations, the friends you can make in game (actually some pretty cool people out there), and the fun you can have trolling squeaky teenagers with negligent parents that let them play this game, totally worth $40."
76561198064594501,Recommended,438740,34051768,Posted: 5 August,all,Mwdew,Got to play as Tammy Jambles. 10/10
,Recommended,438740,34051746,Posted: 5 August,all,ุ,Pros:Fun with friendsfunny communityeasy to runCons:NOT worth $40can find teamkillers
,Recommended,438740,34051814,Posted: 5 August,all,Master-Potato,"Great game , I enjoy it very much :)it may have some bugs , but its really fun to play as jason and the survivors.graphics 4/5sound 5/5playble 5/5overall 5/5"
,Not Recommended,438740,32054606,Posted: 29 May,all,Iron,"Too many crashes, sadly!"
,Recommended,438740,34177389,Posted: 11 August,all,PineappleAfroUnga,"Hours of fun, but everything just needs much more polishing, such as the counselor facial models, and bugs need to be worked out, along with the addition of new gamemodes including singleplayer"
,Recommended,438740,32028263,Posted: 28 May,all,Moon,"We believe in the devs. Some bugs but really fun games once everything is working in order, second day into the game and they released some fixes. Great game. a lot of fun. and really recommended but the price is a bit too much."
76561198024884428,Recommended,438740,34072596,Posted: 6 August,all,Vortellus,I am a veteran survival horror expert and I approve this interpretation of the Friday the 13th franchise.
,Recommended,438740,33735215,Posted: 22 July,all,The Clown Prince Of Crime,Its The Best Game for steam but the prise is 39.99! So wate for a discount
,Not Recommended,438740,32597384,Posted: 20 June,all,Christ died for our Spins,Go buy Dead by Daylight and all the DLC instead. This game is♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,438740,33872821,Posted: 28 July,all,❣️meganplayz,it is a good game i love it but they just need to fix some bugs and more people will like it too
76561198277965240,Recommended,438740,32061636,Posted: 30 May,all,Alex Wigo [YT],"wow this game its so cool and i liked...this game its reality, fun, and get scared-_-so if you get more mony, buy this game..."
76561198153741209,Recommended,438740,33943012,Posted: 31 July,all,Lynx-11,"The game is really fun to play but the amount of bugs still in the game at this point is making it less fun to play. From glitching and not being able to press E to enter a window or not being able to shoot your flare gun after being hit once, the many glitches are the downfall of this game."
76561198074939060,Recommended,438740,34767828,Posted: 5 September,all,keithmcadoo,Good game needs single player mode score is 10
76561198361128878,Recommended,438740,34473875,Posted: 24 August,all,Soup_,Very fun !!!
76561198267607852,Recommended,438740,34780898,Posted: 6 September,all,FeelsJakeMan,Really fun and scary
,Recommended,438740,34782817,Posted: 6 September,all,EUJASON,i love this game more then Csgo >))
,Recommended,438740,34538222,Posted: 27 August,all,SweetTransvestite,"I love the movie franchise. It's a cult classic, but the game is awfully repetative at this point. Some things STILL need a little bit of work done. The thing that tends to happen the most i've noticed is players killing their team members. Now, I don't know if that is something the Devs want, but it does happen quite frequently. YES, I am aware that Devs are GOING to be FIXING this issue.These are the things I want to see in future updates, however.1). New Counselor's - The game needs this, along with some NEW perks.2). New Jason's - Lets see some Jason X, and so fourth. I think it would even be cool to get to play as Mrs. Vorhees even.3). NEW MAPS - I personally don't see the point in shrinking them, however, giving cabins new spawning locations isn't a terrible thing, as well for item spawns. Keeps the game fresh. What WILL keep it fresher is NEW MAPS. I could rant about Map ideas, but a Jason X themed map would be pretty brutal, and maybe even a few Dev Custom Maps. They all don't need to fall in with the Movie exactly. It's a video game.4). New Weapon's - Give these weapons something extra too. Maybe a wrench could cause more stun time then something else?5). Different Executions - Let's face it. ALMOST EVERYONE uses the same Jason's. Part 2 and 3 for the most part. Because they ""run"".6). Better chance for survior's to break grip. - I think that this is one issue that causes a majority of survivors to leave. Peope wouldn't quit ""as much"" if they had a fair chance.7.) Limit Pocket Knifes Per-Player - Needs to happen because some players carry 3 pocket knifes. I get it, you need to search for them. But it's rather annoying to those who can't even find one.8.) Perks - Which falls into the new playable characters.9.) Outfits - Let's talk fashion! We need more. Not the same thing, different color. Gross.10.) Bug Fixes - Probably one of the bigger issues on this list is Bugs. STILL TONS OF THEM in the game. I could pin-point for days, but a common bug is being able to hit Jason through doors, walls, windows. You get it. There is tons more.Here is a list of bugs i've experiencedGas, Battery, and Keys disappearing while inserting these into vehicleWeapon's disapearing at pick-upCar getting stuck in fence, trees, building's, etc..Players getting stuck in a hiding spot, even though Jason knows where they are but the ""kill action"" cannot be triggeredI do rate this game a wonderful 10/10, but I think i'm going to give it a 8/10 due to the lack of maps, outfits, some of the glitches and such... I will say BUY THIS GAME because it is fun, but it gets awfully repetative. That's just one of the many things that comes with Survival Horror Games like this, and Dead By Daylight."
76561198119480012,Recommended,438740,34958692,Posted: 14 September,all,The Space Warnicorn,"I can not get enough of this game, and it's not even fully out yet!Playing as a counselor running and hiding from Jason is fun! You have to work together as a team if you wanna survive and escape Jason, or if your smart enough you can even kill Jason!Playing as Jason is even better! Going around smashing your way through anything that gets in your way of murdering every counselor makes you feel like a Badass! Its even better when you are lucky and you catch them super easy! It can make you feel over powered even though your not. They can stun you, escape you or even kill you. Either way, super fun9/10 - Great Gameplay, Awesome Characters, Awesome Kill Animations! Cant Wait To See What Comes!BTW it's Ki Ki Ki Ma Ma Ma, Look it up if you dont belive me!"
76561198086980563,Recommended,438740,35031443,Posted: 17 September,all,Papanomaly | Pvpro.com,i love this game nothing else to say
76561198070257613,Recommended,438740,35035146,Posted: 17 September,all,Zac,"This game is pretty good, I know its a bit buggy or what not but I have never really had any issues on my rig.The game is fun no doubt, one of my favorites atm.one downside is the children that play during daytime usually, other then that game is awesome.Play at night and get ready to die......"
76561198023640234,Recommended,438740,34954048,Posted: 14 September,all,SKRRRRRRRRT,Very Good Game
76561198356653811,Recommended,438740,34207529,Posted: 12 August,all,elijahbiddles,i love it
,Not Recommended,438740,35097061,Posted: 20 September,all,Blank,เกมคนเหงา 2017
,Recommended,438740,34195374,Posted: 12 August,all,MrCyberMan,for me this games its ♥♥♥♥in' good game
76561198393451834,Recommended,438740,33563513,Posted: 15 July,all,Zeptowatt,so fun lol :v
76561198310605737,Recommended,438740,34209015,Posted: 13 August,all,Basics :/,Good Game! Even though a few minor glitches or so i'm sure they can fix it so we can have more fun and play fairly
,Recommended,438740,34455907,Posted: 24 August,all,Galaxy_iJustine,I reccomened this game because of it's funny glitches and fun outfits...
76561198009987044,Not Recommended,438740,32282173,Posted: 8 June,all,KukoBar,Not worth the money - absolutely trash for new players - could be fun but im not paying this much for it.
76561198334575911,Not Recommended,438740,33045609,Posted: 30 June,all,coldkilla513,this really sucks it keeps saying summer camp exe. erroe cannot read memory i want to play and about to ask for a refund
76561198157305590,Recommended,438740,33360109,Posted: 7 July,all,Crash impersonator hellcase.com,I mean its fun until the griefers killed meEdit: Tommy was our only hope
76561198393491966,Recommended,438740,33490003,Posted: 12 July,all,Jose,"it does not work on my computer, it keeps saying that i have to download the uncooked content but i dont know how to do it."
76561198022007275,Recommended,438740,33490283,Posted: 12 July,all,Spartan Ghost,"In an industry that requires large amounts of money and time to produce quality games, Friday the 13th is a standout game made by indie developers. The game is fun, thrilling, and well made during a time when even triple A games seem to disappoint. Overall a fantastic game I would recommend to both gamers and horror fans."
76561198220208449,Recommended,438740,33598113,Posted: 16 July,all,ImMoist,good
76561198119646451,Not Recommended,438740,32187783,Posted: 4 June,all,✪ nOnTT,STOP ♥♥♥♥ING CRASHING ALL THE ♥♥♥♥ING TIME STUPID ♥♥♥♥ING GAME!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,438740,32426234,Posted: 14 June,all,Dieter Bes,This game is absolutely horrible. I would rather have my♥♥♥♥♥♥and bills hammered into a meat grinder than play this pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥again. The developers are cancer reddit morons.
76561198080057678,Not Recommended,438740,32523085,Posted: 17 June,all,MalangPooh,This game is very crazy very very crazy bug mang game.Get out steam market.go to the hell.What the ♥♥♥♥ game.10011(failed to start game.)very very much much 10011(failed to start game.)mang game.this is mang game.
,Recommended,438740,33642909,Posted: 18 July,all,KodyKaz,this game is the best game ever i totally give it a 42/59 its so good if u didnt buy it your a loser and u eat bacon with yer mom.  although it is overpriced all u hav to do is steal yer moms credit card then bam!!!!!!!! YOU GET IT FOR FREE! so what im tryin to say is ur missing out on a LiFe time if u dont get this game. do u really want to be eating bacon with yer mom when u can be playing some FABOULOUS FRIDAY THE 13th!
,Not Recommended,438740,32227785,Posted: 6 June,all,venkilv,No fun.
76561198119443277,Recommended,438740,33304584,Posted: 6 July,all,HubišLP,Dobrá hra na vyblbnutí a zábavu ale znížil bych cenu na 20 euro.
,Recommended,438740,33739497,Posted: 23 July,all,Rocket Weeb,"Don't get me wrong, there is a lot wrong with this game, its extremely glitchy and buggy. But it is so goddamn fun to play."
76561198211560401,Recommended,438740,33738668,Posted: 23 July,all,teseu,Review 102- I like Potato Face Man- I like Friday the 9/11- Potato Face comes for me- I become the Potato Face9/10 Would Potato Face Again.
76561198360204270,Recommended,438740,33757912,Posted: 23 July,all,RuSty,"Awesome Game, it has a nice blend of being fun and scary at the same time. Also being Jason is awesome! GET THE GAME!"
,Recommended,438740,33786266,Posted: 25 July,all,BananaBlast,just download
76561198218585905,Recommended,438740,34039775,Posted: 5 August,all,Overclocked_Pinaa_C0lataa,This is an amazing game for anyone not just for the Friday the thirteenth fans. It takes 2-3 rounds to know what you are doing but after that is really fun. I do suggest that you have a friend buy the game as well so you can play online together. There is also confirmation of a single player campaign.
76561198280336253,Recommended,438740,34045690,Posted: 5 August,all,TrueManace,"How to watch Big Time Rush for Free?But on a serious note, I had a blast with this game!  Wether I was crushing the heads of Tommy and the Counselors as Jason or shooting Jason up with flares as a Counselor it was all fun! While some people may disconnect if they don't get Jason, it's still a fun game.Gameplay: 11/10Chadface: 11/10Booty Shorts: 11/1011/10: 11/10"
76561198359581127,Recommended,438740,33910747,Posted: 30 July,all,OutlawZzZz,I think it's really worth playing.Nice game:) But i hope it'll get more maps and more Instructors.It would be abundant.
76561198163758226,Recommended,438740,33912128,Posted: 30 July,all,iiMisaka,"Gonna be honest this game is amazing, but I think part 7 Jason needs a buff thats allw"
,Recommended,438740,33793472,Posted: 25 July,all,Daddy Long Stroke,A lot of people complaining but i'm actually enjoying it. Loads of trolls and weird antics but for the most part its worth the money when everyone is working together and even those who aren't working together being sometimes its every man for themself. You have to utilize your skills as a strategist and find items within the game to get out and if you're playing as Jason then the gloves are off and you do what you must by any means... Good Game for the buck.
,Recommended,438740,32004833,Posted: 27 May,all,robocheezits,cool game but the servers thay have now are not enough
,Recommended,438740,33978389,Posted: 2 August,all,DrYfTeR_9_29,Really a lot of fun the in-game chat makes the experience very enjoyable. If you have played Dead by Daylight and like it you will probably enjoy this Friday the 13th as well.
,Recommended,438740,34394646,Posted: 21 August,all,DankDaddy465,Honestly I saw this game on Steam when it first came out and I wasn't interestedHowever I saw a ton of videos on it and it looked very fun so I bought it (unfortunately I missed the sale) and I have no regrets the game is very well made and is very addicting honestly I wish it was cheaper but for the 40$ price tag your still getting a lot here
,Recommended,438740,32028606,Posted: 28 May,all,Lava,The game is pretty fun although there are some bugs at the moment  its still playable. If you're a fan of the movies then you should definitely try it out. Everyone crying about stuff going wrong give the company a break it wouldn't be made without them.
,Recommended,438740,33626724,Posted: 18 July,all,Aftershock4g,"Great game, really fun and well polished for only being made by 3 people. New content still coming out along with good updates to fix bugs/glitches. If they keep adding more to the game as we go it'll only get better. Fun time playing with friends aswell."
76561198018128620,Recommended,438740,34394880,Posted: 21 August,all,I'm a fucking MAGGOT!!!,Awesome game recommend it on the highest hope they will make another F13 the game or just add more dlc to the game
,Recommended,438740,34184284,Posted: 11 August,all,AKProfit,"If your of fan of the Friday the 13th series and or horror in general, this may be right for you. The concept of the game and objective of the game is fun playing as Jason & A Camp Counselor (of course Jason is more fun). But beware, if your going to buy this game, prepare for bugs, glitches, DC's (disconnects) and other issues. This game DOES need alot of work, so far the developers just don't seem to be doing a good job fixing the issues and problems in this horror game. I had an issue to where I could'nt hear other players around me talk, even in lobbies. After a month I finally got it fixed (Not through a patch, Uninstalling and Reinstalling Steam). It's a good game to buy, but like I said, needs a ton of work."
76561198125587053,Recommended,438740,34567837,Posted: 28 August,all,SATAN,i love it but the glites has to be fixed and the characters face animation looks goofy
,Recommended,438740,35117731,Posted: 21 September,all,Ranch Bro,+Get Spring Break+Speedo Chad+Hit Jason With Bat+Teabag Jason's face+Profit
,Recommended,438740,35117739,Posted: 21 September,all,Dadman,I love the copious amount of women that play this game and I hope to meet even more lovable females on it soon. It's like tinder for GAMERS!
76561198043110374,Not Recommended,438740,32096799,Posted: 31 May,all,pbigdawg30,"Where do I start lol! I have read a lot of reviews for this game good and bad and I decided to give it a try! I played for about an hour and it was not fun at all very boring! I would listen to all the negative reviews about this game they are telling the truth this time around lol. The people who play will not help or they will help Jason, they stand next to jason or in the same area and say hey come help me we will stay together and fight off Jason if he shows (happend in 2 of the 3 games I played) then Jason shows up and all you hear is laughing and they run away as Jason Kills me! Jason is OP already (not complaining he should be its Jason!) but you do not need to help him at all! The games graphics are not very good for a 2017 game or for a $39.99 game (at best it is worth $19.99 max) I would wait till it goes on sale to even think about playing or give it 2-3 months to let them work a few things out. I own dead by daylight (even in its current state it is still a better game then this). I really wanted it to be a great game but it failed!!!!"
,Not Recommended,438740,32262207,Posted: 7 June,all,Tepotu,"Worst ♥♥♥♥ing game ive seen in my life. Ive already seen plenty of hackers too.save yourself the $40 and never even think about buying this peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥ glitchy, unbalanced, hacker/ Chink / Russian infested game. Everyplayer cant do teamwork, they all bring jason right to you, and all of them just ♥♥♥♥ you over. You will never find a game with more ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t bugs and ability to make you rage harder than ever. Definately not worth even $20, you will do everything ever in the game in an hour."
,Recommended,438740,32294905,Posted: 9 June,all,Pallet Looper,my favorite drawer opening simulator
,Not Recommended,438740,31965776,Posted: 25 May,all,Jolly Jay,This game is buns. Literally brain-dead people everywhere. Jason has too much mobility on players outside of houses. You literally run out of stamina so quickly that it's almost impossible to escape him.
76561198393481379,Recommended,438740,34236345,Posted: 14 August,all,SCARFY,This Game is gud
76561198182480073,Not Recommended,438740,32195543,Posted: 5 June,all,popopke,"""Look! We have made a lot of gaming mechanics, but none of them works normal"". DBD 2.0 and bunch of disappointment."
,Not Recommended,438740,32034783,Posted: 28 May,all,Tim The Two-Tap Taylor,Pure Garbage
,Recommended,438740,34258715,Posted: 15 August,all,† Lucifer †,"Man, I don't know how I feel about this game. There is a lot of good things but just as much bad. First of all, the community of this game is cancerous. No matter what Gun Media does, no one will be happy. Speaking about community Many MANY people will leave in game when the game starts either cause they were not Jason or cause Savini Jason and everyone is butthurt cause of it. Team killing. People get more kills than Jason nowadays thats sad. Also glitches there will either be gitches or just disappointment tbh. I personally have a Firecracker perk and I have never started with a firecracker like the perk says. Same with the radio perk. Also how about that single player mode that came out on summer, oh wait it hasn't been released yet, nevermind. I am actually a magician in the game because all the traps I try to put down always float. To be fair this game is fun if you play with fun people. This game isn't for everyone. I enjoy it but man do I hate it at times, especially when the fuse or keys is now part of the ground. But anyway good game but need the time to get better if the developers stick with it."
76561198014101883,Recommended,438740,34318607,Posted: 17 August,all,MegaVolve,A game with many flaws but it's still fun to play. As a counselor its neat playing with strangers trying to achieve a goal and outsmarting Jason. As Jason you get to hunt down these sexy college students and decimate them. A game I can't wait to see more from!
76561198147292371,Not Recommended,438740,31996951,Posted: 27 May,all,WeBleedBlue30,horrendous.buggy as hell.  random times my screen will start flickering. makes the game boarderline unbearable to play. i have to dumb it down to 1080p in the settings for it to actually work.  i requested a refund.
,Recommended,438740,33531537,Posted: 14 July,all,wachyuwachyund,i'm so addict to this game......i dont know why i always play this gamethe gameplay is not boringbut i hope for the developer of this game to make any counselors and make gameplay more fun again
76561198074050000,Recommended,438740,35239944,Posted: 27 September,all,Juraichloe,"Despite having it's downsides such as bugs, glitches and all that, players should know that they are going to be fixed. Many of them have been fixed. And yes, with every new patch we get comes new things that need to be fixed. Idc, this game is awesome and I'm a big fan. It's more fun whenever there are people with microphones and they actually speak english. Most players in the community are funny as hell and you shouldn't take the game too seriously, because as in the movies Jason is overpowered but that depends on the guy who's playing as Jason. If he sucks, easy game, but he's good, you better stay away from him. Communication is a must or atleast I recommend it on any level, using a flashlight for communication is a big thumbs up if you can't talk. Emotes are added so that's even more positive. Gameplay is simplistic but fun adn the music is amazing. <3"
76561198142433450,Not Recommended,438740,32581639,Posted: 19 June,all,BM10X,"How!?How does this game have an overall rating of MOSTLY POSITIVE on Steam?This is without a doubt one of the worst games I have ever played and I played Prey(2017)!There is absolutely nothing to like about this game.From poor...no VERY POOR combat mechanics to abysmal driving controls and incredibly boring and drawn out gameplay I found ZERO reason to keep or positively review this game.Characters are very weak, combat is an all or none endeavor (either hit and hurt Jason, or he kills you) ... ZERO strategy...Zero fun.Run around, get a weapon, hide, wait to see Jason, hit Jason, run away, see Jason again, get killed by Jason by some obnoxious one shot.....rage quit!Please, please, please do yourself a favor and wait until this game is LESS THAN $1 before you even consider buying it.  EVEN THEN, it might not be worth the space on your hard drive.Live streamers are doing the gaming world a disservice by hyping these games / acting like they are fun....they are not.Please, to all the fanboys/girls....prove me wrong.  How is this game fun and worth $40???"
76561198370501325,Recommended,438740,33827022,Posted: 27 July,all,JohnDoe,Good game.Still a few gliches but worth getting if your a fan of the franchise.
,Recommended,438740,34547102,Posted: 28 August,all,...,"Game is good,but need to fix a lot of bugs & glitches +need to add more cool things."
76561198042367835,Recommended,438740,34894612,Posted: 11 September,all,Jib,its a game that can be played over the internet 10/10
,Recommended,438740,34896205,Posted: 11 September,all,Colton D. Gaming™,"I love this game too hell, Minus the bugs and glitches I have a dame good time playing it. The rules are kinda strict (Opening your mouth ban) The constant annoying people. Some will help you and team up with you and try too escape as others will be F***ers and steal your car and not let you in some will stop and let you in. The only big problem I have in this game is the grab spam its really annoying. But other than the things I've listed this game is really well made a big blast too the bast for long time fans of the series and many updates coming out for the game."
76561198192341733,Recommended,438740,34947790,Posted: 14 September,all,allyen,This game scared the living heck outa me!!..But get it its fun.
76561198372566930,Recommended,438740,34509031,Posted: 26 August,all,trishx25,its so good the game
76561198135596045,Recommended,438740,34311079,Posted: 17 August,all,mahjarrat,Fun gaem 10/10 would play agen
,Recommended,438740,33371314,Posted: 8 July,all,eAMaZe,Amazing hide and seek game that will make you shiver!
,Recommended,438740,34130280,Posted: 9 August,all,NamesDrunk,One of my favorite games of all time!!!i love the controls like the system community is cool and funnyadding a voice chat to this game was a great idea it is always funny playing the game as jason!i can find only 2 problems to this game.1 - that it should cost less more like 20$ - 30$2 - have a better graphics for the 40$ price-DrunkLore
76561197981274883,Recommended,438740,34267514,Posted: 15 August,all,Hopeless Situation Warrior,"Has the most toxic community out of any game I've played.  Don't pick this one up until they turn Friendly Fire off, unless you enjoy being teamkilled."
,Recommended,438740,34983172,Posted: 15 September,all,PutTheFuse@TheBox,"ITS ALRIGHT LIL PRICEY AND ALOT OF GLITCHES BUT PRETTY FUN APART FROM THE TOXIC IDIOTS AND LEAVERS, more balancing and updates and it will definitely be a fun game"
76561198293087096,Recommended,438740,34984483,Posted: 15 September,all,☭☭☭MaxMusMan☭☭☭,gre6angame bur dad said i cant have it
,Recommended,438740,33453889,Posted: 11 July,all,Pruxux™,"So, I found this this axe down there in the deep forest and I killed that guy Jason and then I got back home and played some friday the 13th"
76561198247117384,Recommended,438740,34413320,Posted: 22 August,all,D-Frankenstein,Playing with friends feels more fun
,Not Recommended,438740,32035339,Posted: 28 May,all,Nynx,"No content, Impossible to win as survivors, and too easy to win as Jason."
76561198074663380,Not Recommended,438740,32306804,Posted: 9 June,all,mcmuffin315,"Wish I could play it, I've downloaded it, tried and gotten a launch error telling me to uninstall and try again. Did that, and same error. No help anywhere. Did I just lose $40?"
76561198043799386,Not Recommended,438740,32155680,Posted: 3 June,all,chicken :3,"Horrible game. Bug filled, ugly graphics, barely any maps, perk system is terrible, no single player still, unstable launch and a giant price tag too. Just about everything you'd expect in a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game."
,Not Recommended,438740,32007472,Posted: 27 May,all,JerichoJacob,IT DOESENT WORK I PAYED 40$ AND THE GAME HAS A LUNCH GLITCH THAT WONT LET ME PLAY THE DAM GAME FIX YOUR GAME
76561198190090939,Recommended,438740,33476801,Posted: 12 July,all,JohnCena csgoroll.com,Great game
76561198149725973,Recommended,438740,33748970,Posted: 23 July,all,Ace ツ (No Wifi),Best game but has some bugs still great game
76561198326801214,Recommended,438740,33792816,Posted: 25 July,all,Coolblue7667,"Before i got this game, i read alot of the reviews. The ones i read where downgrading the game because of bugs, people teaming up, helping Jason and much more. I still decided to get the game because i loved Dead By Daylight and wanted to really play this because of the hype. Spent 30 pounds on one of the best games there are on steam! I've played 9 hours of this magical game and have NOT come across bugs, cheating, teaming and only one or two people have been negative in the chat and thats it. People have experienced one scenario in this game and have gone to the reviews to release their anger. I honestly have no problems with this game and i enjoy it alot, a great game to play over this summer and i hope they bring out new content for it. I LOVE this game and i always will. GET IT, ITS GOOD!"
,Recommended,438740,31984491,Posted: 26 May,all,Purple Funny Joke,Friday the 13th: The Game is one of the best Tactial shooter this game is for the fact that the look of the game is beatuiful and how the game plays some or more then the time is weapons and how great some of the weapons were in the patches but it is a real fun game of you want to get scared or killing this game is for you but. of you don't like that then leave but i leave you with this get busy killing or get busy dying.
,Recommended,438740,34350747,Posted: 19 August,all,N3xus,"Before:Friday the 13th: The Game?more like ""counselors killing each other.. the 13th: the gameSoon in like some days: yes... YES... YEEEEEEES THEY'VE TURNED FRIENDLY FIRE OFFHURRAY.""players can still be run over by others with the cars, tho thats ok"""
76561198018806770,Recommended,438740,33974994,Posted: 2 August,all,Darkon Kriv,10/10 its a great game. I think its balanced and I havent experianced any game breaking bugs or anything like that
76561197968368788,Recommended,438740,33503940,Posted: 13 July,all,=SuttY=,"Fantastic game, everything I've always wanted in a horror survival game. Ignore these negative reviews. The majority are either people who have less than 10 hours in the game or are DBD fanboys. The ones whining about bans, good bye your not missed.10/10"
,Recommended,438740,34347753,Posted: 19 August,all,airozieg,its a good game but it needs some work
,Recommended,438740,34366900,Posted: 19 August,all,† ☁ ⋀miné ☁ †,10/10 Scary and my Trainer Doge says wow amazing yes yes 10+ 10+
76561198036474056,Recommended,438740,34330456,Posted: 18 August,all,56 Billion Rats,Amazing game if you enjoy horror movies. I have spent way to much time on this game and i started to like the movies via the game.
,Recommended,438740,34350158,Posted: 19 August,all,Daenerys Targaryen,The best game ive ever played
,Recommended,438740,33864754,Posted: 28 July,all,KatBurgz2025,"This Is one of my favorite games! I play this all the time! I have a new idea for a kill, you know the bear trap in the workshop? Jason shoves the counselors (my fave is Deborah Kim) face in the trap and CHINK! Their face falls off and Jason looks at their face and throwes them."
,Recommended,438740,34966962,Posted: 15 September,all,Hale,"This game is so much fun, I have no idea what people are talking about when the complain. the team killing is no longer a thing, and the only time you ever run up against people that are helping Jason you just block then find another lobby. It's honestly so rare that I've only seen it once or twice. The bugs are constantly being fixed and the queue times are short, so you are always right in the action. This game is so much fun I honestly can't stop playing it. Add me if you need some peeps to play with. Just please, no more squeekers >.<"
,Recommended,438740,34848407,Posted: 9 September,all,我每天都打擊全球攻勢,very fun and good game hope thay can add more maps or more weapons
,Recommended,438740,34507942,Posted: 26 August,all,Xafir,"Absolutely amazing game, the maps look just like the movies and I have little to no problem with bugs. Highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,438740,34534890,Posted: 27 August,all,Lestat Valentine,I ♥♥♥♥in love it!
76561198306729845,Recommended,438740,34592555,Posted: 29 August,all,xrhstos,cool
,Recommended,438740,34761081,Posted: 5 September,all,cowpai,If you give this game a negative review you obviously have issues. There is nothing wrong with the game. Sure the price can come down a bit but i feel that you get what you paid for.
76561198136978443,Recommended,438740,34926255,Posted: 13 September,all,LunarFox1987,"Nice Game, Gets Boring After A While But Other Wise Great Game Never Would Delete"
76561198084233239,Recommended,438740,34908397,Posted: 12 September,all,DR .BEEEEESS,is gud gaym
,Recommended,438740,35015556,Posted: 16 September,all,HOWBOWDAT,best game playing this game for fun !!!
76561198118744594,Recommended,438740,34793954,Posted: 7 September,all,Catalyst,"Fun game, no singleplayer should be added and bugs should be fixed first."
76561198122187041,Not Recommended,438740,32124984,Posted: 2 June,all,life fines away,were the ♥♥♥♥ is singeplayer
76561198075732201,Not Recommended,438740,32128822,Posted: 2 June,all,★Karambit | Fade,I have to play on low graphics to be able to play it still lags so much its almost impossible to play ive requested a refund but they denied i hate this game on the computer i wanted to get it on xbox but im not buying it twice
,Recommended,438740,33421462,Posted: 9 July,all,Child Pornstar,gud game
76561198167746798,Recommended,438740,33488667,Posted: 12 July,all,ryaN,very fun game highly recommend
,Recommended,438740,33438292,Posted: 10 July,all,★Ⓡⓛⓒⓗⓑⓞⓨ$★,Very Funny Game with friends
,Recommended,438740,33442743,Posted: 10 July,all,Aaron Coates,I ♥♥♥♥ING LOVE THIS GAME
,Recommended,438740,34044537,Posted: 5 August,all,TheLegend608,ehJASON'S BACK BIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIITCH!!
76561198161626139,Recommended,438740,33842310,Posted: 27 July,all,Kruze,"Only have had it for a day, and the game is fun. Only encountered one or two dumbasses while playing."
,Recommended,438740,33699835,Posted: 21 July,all,✞Simple Robinson✞,♥♥♥♥ing brillent game
,Recommended,438740,33913830,Posted: 30 July,all,Noobly!,"THIS GAME WILL TURN YOUR CHILDREN INTO VIOLENT KILLERS! And he was playing as this ""Jason"" character. I watched him for a few moments and then he got to the kills. Jason grabbed an axe and chopped them in the face and cut their arms off! Then I snuck on my sons computer to try it out. Its pretty good."
,Recommended,438740,33969791,Posted: 2 August,all,EBK 4L,"I killed 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 counselors as a part 4.But frThis game is dumb fun, people complaining about getting banned, just act like a civil person and you wont get banned.It also runs amazingly 70 FPS"
,Recommended,438740,34043309,Posted: 5 August,all,JACKOO#ªª,this game sucks♥♥♥♥
76561198392796919,Recommended,438740,33606595,Posted: 17 July,all,bansuni,"1. you know,  walking/runing motion of character is bad.2. it's almost impossible to kill jason.( the condition is too hard)3. some bug is found when i put a trap just in front of the door"
,Recommended,438740,34021872,Posted: 4 August,all,John Doe,Was in car. Friend ran towards my car. Ran him over and heard a big thud. Ded. 10/1 game
76561198189426291,Recommended,438740,34047465,Posted: 5 August,all,AverageHero,"This game is for sure worth the 40!! It is a new game and still being worked on, there are a few bugs to be fixed and some that have already been taken care of. The devs love their game and you can tell. Without a doubt one of the best games I have ever played and I can't wait to see what is to come!"
,Recommended,438740,33620990,Posted: 17 July,all,The Chipotle Boy,"So as an avid fan of the friday the 13th Franchise the game serves as wonderful fan service.Pro's:-Has a good take on survival horror, better than a lot of games of similar style such as dead by daylight-a lot of fun if you play with friends- might seem stupid but rp is fun as hell in this game- great graphics, decent performance-atmosphere is wonderfulCon's:-Buggy, devs are working on it but its not uncommon to find a bug in the game, nothing game breaking at this point but annoying-has a lot of hype but needs a new map or new content as after 50 hours into the game my interest is dying- Balance is so♥♥♥♥♥♥ Good luck as Jason.- Servers are pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥ Some games you'll have 50 ping others 300 ping.Overall 7/10: Devs need to get to workIf you're looking to buy an online survival horror game this is definently the one you want, laughibly better than Dead By Daylight.Edit: The devs have been announcing content for a month. Its time to stop announcing things and start releasing things."
,Recommended,438740,33279967,Posted: 5 July,all,f1nnety,10 ki ki ki/10 мa мa мa
76561198278240766,Not Recommended,438740,32154474,Posted: 3 June,all,CyberxXx,1 file failed to validate and will be reacquired error game
,Recommended,438740,33919510,Posted: 30 July,all,Hi'ya Georgie,"FRIDAY THE 13TH THE GAME--------------------------------This game is enjoyable for newcomersBUT Freaking OUTSTANDING for fans of the series.Every kill is satisfying, every repair causes progression,and the attention to detail makes you feel like you arebeing hunted or stalking counsellors as a mercilessmasked killer!In it's initial release there might have been bugs and glitches,but the awesome devs have worked out those issues and thegame is constantly improving.---------------------------------Thus far this game tops my Steam GOTY list.My rating is 9.5/10"
,Recommended,438740,33936855,Posted: 31 July,all,ExTr3m3GaM3RZz,Not a lot of content at this moment in time.But overall a really fun game.
76561198097907205,Recommended,438740,34181475,Posted: 11 August,all,Pennywise The Dancing Clown,"Good Game, its very good but the problem is i cant play the game anymore because it says Launcher Error Failed to start game?"
76561198167801748,Recommended,438740,34182345,Posted: 11 August,all,The Joker,"As much as this game is addicting, it needs to be treated better, bought this a while ago and dont think ive seen more than one mroe update, more jason skins and maps would make the game better id say 6.5/10 untill single player comes out"
76561198355135739,Recommended,438740,34152612,Posted: 10 August,all,chrisasselestine0,i had it and its gone now
76561198216093357,Recommended,438740,34063745,Posted: 6 August,all,LuzuVlogsGamer,I love this game its awsome you should buy it and try it !
76561198091764598,Recommended,438740,33883922,Posted: 29 July,all,MKA:),This is one of the most fun games in 2017.Glitches yes but doesent mean its bad (Quote from MKA)
76561198160482647,Recommended,438740,33920982,Posted: 30 July,all,MamaMouthy,"Having an incredibly healthy love and respect for the source material, I can say that this team put in a huge effort to get the details right. The different Jasons, the couselor archetypes, the feeling of total isolation...they made sure to try to put you in the perspective of the characters from the series and it pays off. I know some probably find it campy or even too cheesy for their liking...but for me it's just right. I can't recomend it enough if you love the genre. I'm really hoping they do a Halloween rendition soon!Update: I've been playing this game for, I believe, about 38 hours now and I can tell you it is still fun. I can see how, for some, it might get old or boring; most especially if you don't have anyone to play with, or if no one is talking and the Jason has no personality. However! If you get into a lobby with even one friend, or a Jason with some style, it completely changes the feel, the urgency, and the tone of the game. At least for me. I have also found that a lot of the people, when playing Jason, will try to make the experience much more enjoyable by playing into the part, or at least by trying to make you pee from laughing so hard. I know I do!!! Scream at people, call them ""meatballs!!!!!!"", and always remember...""F*** you, Deborah."""
,Recommended,438740,34396952,Posted: 21 August,all,DildoBaggins138,"This is easily one of the better games in many years. The play is fast paced with rarely a dull moment, as there is no time to dawdle when an immortal murderous psychopath witha  machete is stalking you with super-human abilities. My only grip at the moment is that there arent language specific servers. This game greatly coperative, but such cooperation is impossible when you don't speak the same language as your teammates. It is also very isolating being the only speaker of one language in the room, which oftenleads to the player gettign picked off that much more easier.Other than that, I am 100% strung out on the game a grateful."
,Recommended,438740,32009982,Posted: 27 May,all,Godspeed,"By far the best horror game I have played.Despite the game being new, there are almost a little to no bugs."
76561198185354415,Recommended,438740,34681161,Posted: 2 September,all,123,Best game
,Not Recommended,438740,32126781,Posted: 2 June,all,CAPTAINGROINNERVES,Not much to do in the game
,Recommended,438740,33499443,Posted: 13 July,all,Xostean,"TL;DR: The game is fun, it does everything that Dead by Daylight does but better and then some. However 40 dollars is a hefty price tag. Wait for a sale.So Friday the 13th The game is exactly what it sounds like, a Game that pits 1 player as Jason Vorhees against 7 playing as camp consulars desperately trying to escape his clutches.The only game i know to compare this to is Dead By Daylight, and in this, it surpasses it in almost every way possible.Here is a brief synopsis:-Playing Jason is fun, it is not a chore like the killers in dead by daylight-There are no sacrificial hooks, you get a person in your clutches you get to brutally murder them-There are 5 ways to escape/win as a consular-The consulars can actually fight back, while running is the best option, it isnt the ONLY optionIn terms of staying true to the movies, i have to say this game gets it down pat. There are 59 ways to kill people in this game and literally every single one of them was done in a movie at one point or another. The Animations are brutal and amazingly satisfying.The best part of this game however by far is that is has VOIP (Voice) Chat. Not only can the consulars talk to one another, but Jason can talk to the consulars and vice versa. It turns a generic survival horror game into something else entirely. Its incredible to have a person playing Jason to be beating down the door screaming ""HERES JOHNNY!"". It allows for some of the most priceless moments ive ever had in a game.As for the game's ""Bugs"" ive heard many people complaining about them, but personally i havent experienced anything but a Cosmetic glitch here and there (For example a female consular's hair glitching out and flying all over the place). I havent come across a single glitch so far that broke the game or made it unplayable.Now unless you are already a diehard fan of the movies, or a diehard fan of Dead By Daylight, i wouldnt buy this game for 40 dollars, its fun but 40 dollars is a hefty price tag. I coughed up the full bill for it and while i dont regret it, i dont feel its worth 40 dollars.Overall the game is highly enjoyable and has some of the best player made moments in any game ever, but id wait for a sale."
,Recommended,438740,33423626,Posted: 9 July,all,KingEvolved,"THIS GAME IS FUN BC YOU CAN SCREAM AS JASON AT PEOPLE WHILE THEY RUN OFF IN FEAR WHILE THEY CUSS YOU OUT AS YOU KILL THEMvery good game, yes"
,Not Recommended,438740,32179130,Posted: 4 June,all,Zodiac,"Currently way too unbalanced in favor of Jason. If Jason is nerfed and the counselors are buffed, the game will actually be fun.EDIT: Well since the dev responded I figured I'd add a few things to this review that I think would be helpful for them. How I would improve the game, essentially.1. Remove stamina from the game or increase it drastically. Jogging should not decrease stamina. Counselors simply do not need the handicap. Jason has an ability that makes him several times faster than even the fastest counselor and it is on a relatively short cooldown. Running is the one advantage they have, and even then it's only for 20 seconds on the fastest characters.2. Change the game time from 20 minutes to 15 minutes. 20 minutes is an absurdly long time to survive for 7 players. Jason can take 2 minutes to hunt down each one and still have plenty of time. When I'm Jason a kill is usually 30 seconds. Force them out of a house, morph to them, grab them, kill them.3. Lengthen the grab window. A lot of times I was grabbed and a fellow survivor had a gun or a weapon, but the window to hit Jason and help me before I'm dead is about 1 second or 2 seconds max. This is simply too short, especially with lag factored in. This gives the game increased counterplay and insentivizes working as a group.4. Remove bear traps from Jason or, at the *absolute* minimum, make it so that he cannot place them within 10 meters of the car. He simply doesn't need them, and all you have to do is bear trap the car and it immediately becomes useless. ""Disarm them with pocket knives"" you say? Oh, hope you found 5 pocket knives all near the same location then. Jason can stack bear traps on top of the entrance to the car.5. Remove stun resistance from some of the Jasons. Stunning is the only option in many scenarios, and him being resistant to it is ridiculously powerful. I hit a stun resist Jason with his mother's sweater and he was stunned for about 5 seconds. That's absurd.6. Lower the damage received from broken glass windows. This has killed several survivors I've seen and it's about the least satisfying way to die, especially when you have no other option. Ideally make it so you only take damage when breaking the glass.7. Increase the drop rate of pocket knives. Pretty simple, gives survivors a better change to survive.8. Remove the fact that when you get grabbed, you drop your weapon. Again, Jason doesn't need this buff to him. If you have a pocket knife and run away, your weapon is still next to him. Plenty of times this causes confusion among players and doesn't make much sense to me.9. Allow survivors to carry gas and a weapon or two weapons in general, perhaps one melee one ranged. The skill checks make it so that putting gas in the car as half the characaters you are already extremely exposed. You do not now need to be totally lacking any defense.10. Increase the power of the shotgun. It's a freaking shotgun and it's about as powerful as the flare gun. I've seen Jasons take shotgun blasts without even falling over. It has one shot, make it really count. Make it by far the longest stun in the game and perhaps an extra shot so it has an advantage over the flare gun. There's no guarantee you'll even hit with it, Jason can dodge it decently well, especially if he's a running Jason.11. Increase the power of Tommy Jarvis. This goes along with number 10. He really doesn't feel that much better than the average survivor. He's basically just a survivor with high stats. Make it so that when you're Jason you actually have to think twice about engaging this guy. Maybe make him immune to grabs at full health or make him have infinite stamina and increased speed. Give him an exclusive item or ability. Something to make him not just another meat bag for Jason to easily murder.12. Remove the shift grab. The way you outplay this is with luck (finding a pocket knife) rather than skill. If you're outside, you can and will get shift grabbed and other than running in a zig zag there's nothing you can do. Make it so that after Jason shifts, he cannot do anything for 1 second. He's still very powerful with this ability. Shift grabbing is a cheesy way to get kills that feels unsatisfying for anyone who is counselor.If some or all of these changes were implemented, I think the game would be improved drastically. 7 players are counselors and 1 is Jason, so for most people, the game is being played as survivors. Let's make it a little more balanced for them."
,Not Recommended,438740,32100607,Posted: 31 May,all,rBST Cow,"Where to begin?Friday the 13th is a failure of a game, THEE biggest I've played in 2017. I have very little hope for this game, as the core mechanics are flawed in nearly every way, and this game isn't even in early access--This is the final release, barring some minor patches which won't be enough to rebuild this game.So why is this game so bad? Well, let me list a couple of CORE MECHANICS this game has.1.) Jason can /literally/ teleport anywhere on the map, directly behind or in front of you. How can you escape someone that has the ability to teleport? The simple answer, you can't. You're just screwed. Oh, and wallhacks. Teleporting and wallhacks....hmm...sounds like a ton of fun!2.) Caught by Jason and hope there's a ""2nd chance"" mechanic so that even though you got caught in the first 30 seconds of the game from the RNG, you can have another go? Nah, don't fool yourself. There's only two ways, one of them is flawed 100% and the other simply goes down to RNG. If you are in Jasons grasp, you have to essentially spam E to get away, but the problem is that by the time you even get to halfway, Jason already killed you because it takes waaaayyyy to long. (To the DBD players as an example of what I'm talking about, think of the wiggle mechanic but instead it takes a solid three minutes to wiggle out, so why bother at all?) The second way is to, by pure luck/RNG, is find a pocket knife to stab Jason with when you get picked up. Sounds great, right? Nah. I've played this game for over 2 hours, and out of every single time I've played a round, I've only found one of these pocket knifes in over 2+ hours of gameplay. RNG is so great!3.) The RNG. This game has it's RNG cranked up to maximum. For most games, a little pinch of RNG can help to keep it fun, new, and interesting, but Friday the 13th takes it way, way to far. You winning or loosing entirely depends on RNG. The amount of skill required in this game is very little, as you can do EVERYTHING right, everything perfect, but the game will still punish you with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ spawn, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ loot, and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ timing. It sucks. You can't do anything about it but just bend over and take it raw from Jason. You can go from house to house, looting every possible thing you can on one side of the map, but not find a single car part/boat part/phone fuse to escape with, whereas your teammates literally on the other side of the map have the car and all the houses they need full of loot together all neat and tidy, escaping in just a couple minutes. They escape, now you just lost a big chunk of your teammates, which hurts a lot. Why? Because that means Jason has less people he has to chase after and can focus on you and the handful of people left, even if you were playing the game near perfect. There goes RNG!""B-B-But it just came out and the devs said they are going to work on all the problems!"" Yea, you think they can change the core mechanics behind the game just like that? Please. This game is worth 15 bucks max, not the 40$ which is a huuuuge ripoff.Don't buy this game, it's not worth it. Total trash.Edit: Forgot to add, backers of the game on Kickstarter get not just a Jason skin, but an actual standalone variation that has arguably the best combination of perks. This makes it even more stacked against you, just check the discussions for everybody talking about it, it's total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
76561198031700600,Not Recommended,438740,32163061,Posted: 3 June,all,morgoth77,"I really wanted to like this game. I played alot to see if i could find anything good to say about this game. Only thing fun is actually playing Jason put you have 1/8 chance to be him so good luck with that.This game at 40$ is a just a scam, money grab, call it what you want, from the developers. This thing looks and plays like it's still in alpha phase.  Overhyped by review sites and a big disappointment. Think of ""No man's sky"" launch if you will.Graphics are trash, movements and combat are clunky as hell, animations are trash, there is only one (that's right) ONE intro scene at the start of each match. Bugs, glitches, wall clipping, invisible obstacles, etc. Matchmaking hell with no regions separation. I joined a lobby where there were 2 russians, and 2 asians, and a latino, which none could speak english.Gameplay is ok. But playing counselors gets old pretty quick, the ways to win are pretty limited: use vehicule, call the police and escape, reach the time limit or kill Jason. To achieve the first three it's basically going house to house opening drawers for parts. And to kill Jason you better hope everyone has a mic and can get coordinated or it's basically impossible.As for people criticizing that Jason is too OP, that's just nonsense. I've killed all counselors with him, and other times I couldn't get one. Same as counselor. I've survived many times, and yet have also been killed alot.If you really wanna try it I'd suggest waiting for steam sale (although I doubt anyone will still be playing this in a few months. But at this"
,Not Recommended,438740,31981047,Posted: 26 May,all,DominusVurse,when i used razer to boost my game quality it wouldn't let me play anymore ;-; pls fix...
,Not Recommended,438740,32210219,Posted: 5 June,all,Gary Winthorpe,Too many glitches cant even play one game
76561198094961153,Not Recommended,438740,31994235,Posted: 27 May,all,Mellowfungus,"Bought the game and spent my entire playtime waiting for a match, couldn't play it. Doesn't get any simpler then that."
76561198057041999,Recommended,438740,34002242,Posted: 3 August,all,sk00L,Not a Solo game
76561198208963376,Recommended,438740,34803719,Posted: 7 September,all,Infernal_Spectre_66,"i love the game but u can go hours  before u even get a shot at being Jason ,  i played 4-5 hours today an still not been him, it sucks for that  but still a kool game"
76561197966486242,Recommended,438740,34627851,Posted: 31 August,all,MirZ,newest patch cause huge fps loss. especially those with SLi or dual GPU setup. prepare for running the game 20 fps with quad titan x.
,Recommended,438740,34836219,Posted: 9 September,all,Judg3r,Funnet to play w friend and solo=) =)
76561198182362837,Recommended,438740,34400461,Posted: 21 August,all,Kaito0712,Best game ever so much fun you can play serious also just for fun :D
,Not Recommended,438740,32031237,Posted: 28 May,all,I got Down syndrome,it took me 3 hours to try to get in TRY this is♥♥♥♥♥♥do not buy it i love friday the 13th movies and i hate this dont buy itsave your cash batman arkham knight is better then that game you know what it is not this♥♥♥♥♥♥and the levels are broken all at 0 and overrun with 7 year olds if. i wish i was smart i was smart to look at the reviews of this worth less ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ DON'T GET IT
76561198042413886,Recommended,438740,34130895,Posted: 9 August,all,cheapkill,Amazing game everything i was hoping it to be
,Recommended,438740,33367929,Posted: 8 July,all,Parzival,"There's no way I could give this game a bad review because it's just too damn fun. However, there are a lot of bugs still in the game, the main one being the fact that the XP isn't tallying anymore. I'm stuck on level 10. It's a shame there are so many hackers and cheaters in this game. Only play in private matches with your friends."
76561198159719864,Not Recommended,438740,32210247,Posted: 5 June,all,Parusoid,"Game based on luck rather than skill, its literally a gamble.If you like casinos and random wins this game is for you.If you prefer games that requires skill, strategy and has a learning curve, then this game is NOT for you.Things that annoys the most in the game mechanics:-Jason can hit counselors with melee wepon through open windows, but counsleors cant-Jason is not trapped in bear trap while holding a counselor and walking over a trap-When in combat counselor and Jason press the attack button in the same time, Jason grabs counsleor faster (as if Jason had not enough advantage...)-As a counselor you can block an AXE HIT but you can't block a hand grab (counter intuitive)-Its the 80's but you can see a GPS tracker of each survivor.... and even worse, when the counselor die their dead body is not marked on map. Loot is dropped on death so if someone is carrying a car key and dies in woods then there is little to no chance of finding the dropped key reducing your chance of survivalThe game does not promote teamplay:-You can ""friendly fire"" at your firends which means, you can KILL counselor as another counselor (by mistake or deriberatly to troll the game)-In a assymetrical game the theroy is as follows: one character that is strong vs few other characters that are weak alone but stron together. In this game however things go like this: one character that is strong verss other chracaters that are weak alone AND ALSO WEAK WHILE IN GROUP-You mostly cant help other survivors while they are beeing grabbed by jason, you have split second betwen the grab and the ""killing animation"" to run towards Jason and hit it with something. When the ""killing animation occurs then you cant do ANYTHING which is another counterintuitive thing.-There is a method to kill jason but its extremly hard to pull ofAnd you get less experiene points when you leave the game after being killed and there is no way to get back in game (Tommy Harvis is already on the scene). Wchich basicly forces you to sit DOING NOTHING AND SPECTATE PLAYERS in order to get full experience points."
,Recommended,438740,33395236,Posted: 8 July,all,Gay Otter,"Things I Learned:-People like to leave their cars 18 cabins away from where they stay-Only 2 people bring cars (sometimes 1)-Shooting ranges have 1 shotgun with 1 shell in the chamber-People LOVE to dismantle their cars and siphon ALL fuel before going to bed-LaChappa has a sex appeal stat of 11/10-Shooting your friend with 1 shotgun pellet is and instant kill, but you can never kill Jason with 15 shotguns-Adults (I would assume) are scared of the dark-The guys are complete♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in the dark-A.J Mason is OP-Jason is fun-Chad always dies-Tommy comes with a shotgun that has litterally 1 shell, and hes supposed to helpI've never watched any Friday the 13th Movies or anything. This is my introduction to the series(?) and I, quite frankly, love the game. I have encountered a few glitches, (i.e While playing Jason, i got stunned in front of a car door, and another counselor tried getting in said door, then we got stuck on eachother in an infinite stun (for me) until the car moved.) and haven't seen much toxicity. I've heard of people getting optimization problems, but I think the devs are doing everything they can right now. Unless I get a ban out of nowhere for 0 reason at all, I will stick to the opinion that this game is great for a fairly new game.This game has also made me become intrested in F13 lore, and to be honest, It's quite interesting!Let me know if I missed a few bullet points in my review. I'd love to hear them.Please don't flame me in my profile comments, if you think differently than me, this review (just like all of them) is all about opinion, and if you have a different one, I wont judge. If you want to debate, I'll try and find some time, just add me and when I accept, ask me about it! (I'll only use chat because I'd like to avoid being flammed for various reasons, and because I have alot of background noise due to some issues at home)Thanks for reading my review!"
76561198383542477,Recommended,438740,33159564,Posted: 2 July,all,[TDG]MasterD8000,I can't pay this game it wont work
76561198345458920,Recommended,438740,33440723,Posted: 10 July,all,chef513,awesome
,Recommended,438740,33438140,Posted: 10 July,all,MindSculptor,"this game is a true masterpiece, and for anyone who is a fan of the series its a MUST HAVE beleive me"
,Not Recommended,438740,32186154,Posted: 4 June,all,Hi My Name Is Jan,Gets extremely boring after 2 games. Wish I knew not to waste my money on a game like this again.£30.00 down the drain..GGWP
,Recommended,438740,33894556,Posted: 29 July,all,ThatRandomBlackGuy,10/10 would pay 40 bucks for a buggy game again
,Recommended,438740,33819027,Posted: 26 July,all,Triple8298212,I m glad i bought this game.. overall i would rate 7/10. There are still some rooms for progress.
,Recommended,438740,33555631,Posted: 15 July,all,Popcorn,awsome game love it little bugs but i dont care but just hope they can make savini jason a dlc because if they do i will spend 50$ bucks on that ♥♥♥♥♥ GUN MEDIA PLS
,Recommended,438740,34389296,Posted: 20 August,all,MishkaGamerGEO,I dislike that jason can teleport through the door
76561198307960563,Recommended,438740,34352966,Posted: 19 August,all,mrscookiex3,FAV GAME!!11!111!!!!
76561198262233191,Recommended,438740,34357295,Posted: 19 August,all,CHITOWN,GREAT GAME AND FUN TOO.
,Recommended,438740,33913890,Posted: 30 July,all,Hai im Jai | YT/Twitch,Definitely worth my money.
76561198183169833,Not Recommended,438740,32008432,Posted: 27 May,all,Hollywoodaj,Pushed the release when servers werent ready...I have had it since launch and I have played 0 minutes...
,Recommended,438740,33852279,Posted: 28 July,all,CrystalCommotion,"This game is a brilliant horror game which involves a lot of teamwork,I really enjoy this game and if you are looking for a fantastic, survival game then this is the game you are looking for.However because there is only multiplayer ( so far ) it is only half a game,when the single player campaign comes out the game will be better than outstanding!"
,Recommended,438740,34061994,Posted: 6 August,all,supernaturalScientist,"This game is honestly worth the money. To be honest, I've only been jumpscared once or twice, and that's while playing at the middle of the night, by myself, no characters around. The game is just very tense, with Jason's stalk ability you never know when he's around the corner, and without the stalk ability the music gets extremely tense, and you bolt in the first direction you can think of. The only bad thing about this game is the bugs, which aren't super game breaking. Also, nitpicking here, when you finish a game your forced to leave the lobby? Wth? If I enjoy a game with a few people who actually talk, why can't I stay in the lobby with them?"
76561198101769942,Recommended,438740,34345982,Posted: 19 August,all,Metamaster64,"Dont let all the negative reviews discourage you. this game is alot of fun to play. it takes some time to learn what each counsler/jason is good at, and mastering them is your key to survival.With the devs coming out with new maps, updates, and new playable characters i highly suggest anyone looking for a game about teamwork to grab it. Just remeber to grab a mic, makes things easier for everyone involved."
,Recommended,438740,33843938,Posted: 27 July,all,Fynx,Amazing Game with alot of Funtime c: Just if you play it alone its a bit boring... Need people who play it with me cause noone is buying it lol :Dadd me if you want to play with a noob :D
,Recommended,438740,34402558,Posted: 21 August,all,Vyrin,"The devs may be horrible, but damn do they know how to animate an a$$"
76561198157482022,Recommended,438740,33353233,Posted: 7 July,all,Abot,good  game to play with friends
,Recommended,438740,33573630,Posted: 15 July,all,Abood_AlS,"Really love the game, but it contains alot of graphical bugs."
76561198034516392,Recommended,438740,34242675,Posted: 14 August,all,Crankyjester [FIN],Really good game! Game includes a few bugs!!! ಠ╭╮ಠI recommend to players who like to play survival games and horror games.My score for the game 6/10
,Recommended,438740,34270931,Posted: 16 August,all,cosmicsmell,"Don't listen to anyone who talks bad about the game, they are probably just really bad at it.and you don't need to play with friends to have a good experience.the only downside is playing with people who dont know what their doing or don't have microphones, the game is about comunication. but you can still manage on your own."
,Recommended,438740,33562576,Posted: 15 July,all,MM Stoica,RTYHR
,Recommended,438740,34144556,Posted: 10 August,all,Lil Zap,Fun but cant help but feel that this is Just Naughty Bear in a better graphics engine and with multiplayerlike the similarties are uncanny LMAO
76561198320497170,Recommended,438740,34404814,Posted: 21 August,all,ChronicalOmega,I'd say its a pretty good game. Would recommend to buy if you want to have alot of fun.
,Recommended,438740,34207495,Posted: 12 August,all,Hikkie,Great Game worth 40$
,Recommended,438740,34594229,Posted: 29 August,all,Spencer32,I liked the game
,Recommended,438740,33550423,Posted: 14 July,all,Kelmark,"very spooky, looking forward to all future content"
76561198122473043,Recommended,438740,33360553,Posted: 7 July,all,Pr01Gamer,11/10 Would buy again
,Recommended,438740,33475933,Posted: 12 July,all,๖ۣۜLarry™,very good
,Recommended,438740,33471481,Posted: 11 July,all,Shawn - TheGameCrew.com,"Totally ""killer"" game! Muhahah! Love it ;D"
76561198235537552,Recommended,438740,31971786,Posted: 26 May,all,DZASTA#commend me,the game is the greatest man sooo good!!!!!!
76561198182991790,Recommended,438740,33729457,Posted: 22 July,all,Hitman-01,This is game is the kind of game that you can enjoy playing with your friends more than playing by yourselfthe graphics are decent and the gameplay in very addictivebut the game does have alot of bugs and glitches and it looks poorly madeI've heard of people getting banned because they insulted someone which sounds ridiculous tooverall i feel like this game has alot of potential but needs serious attention and care by the devs to make a better game.Side Note: Playing as jason is so much fun
,Recommended,438740,33916721,Posted: 30 July,all,zilly,Cool.
76561198301348055,Recommended,438740,33984444,Posted: 2 August,all,jdarcy999,"I indeed enjoyed this game. If you're are a person who watches horror movies and thinks that they would figure out how to escape in 3 seconds, this is your game! This is a game all about working with your teamates to escape the famous movie slasher Jason Voorhees. You will certainly need your teamates to help you escape. Of course there would be downsides. Like how you're basically paying 40 dollars for one giant glitch, there arent many jason skins to play as, and the team killers and cheaters have made me want to bash my head into my keyboard. But if you like to play as a villain, or like to play online horror/strategy games, this game, i would recommend."
,Recommended,438740,34054211,Posted: 6 August,all,Technomancer,HAHA I CAN KILL EVERYONE >:)
76561198174034305,Recommended,438740,33622623,Posted: 17 July,all,pheonix545,i havent ever escaped but yet its still fun its not like dead by daylight where you make a lobby to be the monster instead it chooses by random its super gorry just the way i like it there are many ways to kill the humans from choking to sticking there head on a spear and you there are a few erea kill's you can do to its really fun and its not really even scarry there might be a few moments where there could be a jump scare but its more fun then scarry :) its really fun i think think you should get it
,Recommended,438740,34309686,Posted: 17 August,all,| #Belvox |,"A funny game, enjoyable and great to make new friends, the only thing I can say bad are about some glitches, but overall pretty good! L O V E"
76561198189688143,Recommended,438740,33882857,Posted: 29 July,all,n/a,Great game.
,Recommended,438740,33478062,Posted: 12 July,all,Asaamus,"Here is the thing to start with: As a Counselor1. Spawn somewhere2. Enter into any house3. Lock the door4. Set door trap5. Grab a weapon (Gun Preferred)6. Get knife, crackers, etc.7. Hide & seek8. Switching between houses9. Play according to Counselor Skill10. Repair car (find battery, fuel, keys)11. Repair boat (find motor fan and fuel)12. Repair phonebox (find fuse)13. Call the police14. Wait till countdown15. Run for your life ""NO GUARANTEE""16. TRY HARD TO SURVIVE17. Not ""easy"" to survive18. Be together (help each other)19. ""Luck"" also matters20. Finally try not to die, but you will definitely21. Use medical spray if you're hurt22. You get three maps, Higgins Haven, Packanack Lodge, Crystal lake23. Use Perks Buying 500 CP EACH24. RepeatAS A KILLER: You're The Superhero1. KILL THEM ALL (20 minutes play)2.Use all the Skills3""I didn't play much""😂 as Jason The Killer"
76561198125476954,Recommended,438740,34246093,Posted: 14 August,all,Smitty Werbenjagermanjenson,Pretty good game just deader than my hopes and dreams
,Recommended,438740,34347251,Posted: 19 August,all,Господин Щоколадина,HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥IS THAT A DEAD BODY??!!1!
,Recommended,438740,34383173,Posted: 20 August,all,ΛCΞR♠™,SUCH A FUN GAME
76561198135310208,Recommended,438740,34761859,Posted: 5 September,all,HotDawg,"Good game, if you don't speak english, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME."
76561198271430928,Not Recommended,438740,32069431,Posted: 30 May,all,Duran,No Man's Fri
,Recommended,438740,32021163,Posted: 28 May,all,Zoecyta,"Ignore negative reviews, they are mostly from people that don't understand the problems of a newly launched game, or either fanboys from DBD (the game's main competition; which is a game I really like and should not be compared to this one, as each have they're own differences).This game is really fun and thrilling, and will have more content over time. Go for it :)"
,Not Recommended,438740,31966149,Posted: 25 May,all,CABOOSE27x,im very angry that this game actually sucks i thought it was gonna be good each match is like 5 hours cause no one can catch each other lol maybe updates will fix it deff not worth 40 $ wait for a sale :/ trust me im so sad by how it is cause i was amped for this game ;[ thanks for another let down...
,Not Recommended,438740,32081258,Posted: 31 May,all,ASSBUTT,first of all it takes 5 minutes to get into lobbypros-1] buy this game only if you are friday the 13th franchise fan2] if you r jason u will feel like god man u can stop cars while being in front of themthat's all for proscon's-1] no key rebinding [ won't a big issue but still they got lazy2] lmb doesn't work half of the time3] server is♥♥♥♥♥♥4]jason is op [ u can't escape if he grabs u bs]5] bugsssssss6] only 3 ♥♥♥♥in maps7] u kill jason only by being tommy jarvis [what a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t]conclusion- if u r a fan of franchise and want to experince the terror buyif you r looking for a competative horror game don't buyor the best is to buy test if u like it keep it or just ask for refundand yeah i refunded the game because of lmb doesn't work and i can't escape it took away the joyif they fix this issue i will buy this again on summer sale
76561198138583456,Not Recommended,438740,31965233,Posted: 25 May,all,WuanWuanWuan,Game crashes a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton for me : (
,Not Recommended,438740,32205805,Posted: 5 June,all,LauriEST//OstaElu.ee,"Had high hopes for this game but Dead by Daylight is more fun and you can actually escape in that game. Jason is very unbalanced and the gameplay is really slow. Id say that the game is a cash-grab and after playing for 110 min, I will be refunding it."
76561198404340400,Recommended,438740,33978956,Posted: 2 August,all,ssophiaparkk,its good
76561198259689005,Recommended,438740,33557557,Posted: 15 July,all,DarkMage Mimz,"I've spent some time looking over the reviews for this game and I can safely say alot of the negative reviews are just childish ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. but you get that with any game.Is this game worth the 40$? Not really maybe closer to 25$ at most. Is it fun? You bet your♥♥♥♥♥its fun. It just lacks over all content to make it worth the full price.The hours I've already sunk into this game have been extremely amusing and great memorys. You find some of the saltiest kids in this game and taking them out as Jason some times makes that price tag feel worth it.There are many bugs. Many issues but they are by far not remotely game ruining. just a tad annoying and even some times extreme laugh enducing.I hear storys of Devs banning people for no reason but after digging deeper I see alot of these ""banned for no reason"" could be explained simply as 2 things. yes the Devs are banning for no reason or... its some guy whos making excuses for running around exploiting/chaeting or racist/nasty comment spam. I see it alot. but remember everyones is innocent on the internet~I recommend waiting for their first sale or if you REALLY have the dosh to spare I'd say go for it. but be open minded -This game is a Hide and Hunt at its best. It is its own beast and over all It can be alot of fun if these types of games are something you enjoy.The bottem line of this review is this - The game is alot of fun, Its silly and its still being worked on. It lacks content for the price but it is something that is VERY FUN.(Oh and Stop comparing Dead by Daylight and Friday the 13th. They have Nothing to do with eachother game playwise. they are nothing alike outside of the fact your running from a monster. Dont let the trolls fool you ))"
76561198386902746,Recommended,438740,32151486,Posted: 3 June,all,690343392,Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!vSet chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!vSet chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!vvSet chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!vSet chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!Set chinese pls!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,438740,33957335,Posted: 1 August,all,Drake,Just look at my hours spent that should speak enough volume to how much I enjoyed it. Although there are bugs and game doesn't feel like its the best it can be it is extremely fun once you find a group of people to play with. I am max level now and am starting to finally find the game a little boring now but that is after playing over 300 hours. If you're looking for a great game that would last you a while but on a budget then I would not recommend it but otherwise if you're just looking for a fun game to play with friends and talk crap on then this would be the game to get.
,Recommended,438740,33535753,Posted: 14 July,all,Chronicwizard,Its an alright game!! The people make it funny when they have mics!
76561198168467380,Recommended,438740,33433046,Posted: 10 July,all,GetRickROLLED,this game is very fun espically playing as jason voorhees
76561198038664657,Not Recommended,438740,32146557,Posted: 3 June,all,GalacticTeetJuice,"This is one of the worst games i have ever played. the controls are clunky as hell. walking/running/jogging/crouching system is one of the worst i've seen in a game. How is this game not early access? I get people think jason should be overpowered. but i don't find it fun. he's way too powerful, it becomes no fun at all. never have i requested a refund for a game so quick in my life."
,Not Recommended,438740,32352764,Posted: 11 June,all,☜★☞ 195 IQ,"This game is not worth the price tag,But it was fun when I was playing the game with my friend, but no one realy talks in the game just some russians every now and then even a grill once in a while,But I resent this game now because I was getting chase by Jason and it was getting heated I was world staring the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of him little did I know my game was on max volume and I was ""apparently"" screaming to the top of my lungs, and my mum walked in and screamed at me, I did not hear this so I keep screaming, worse part I was on discord.Mission failed-reputationBut I told that ♥♥♥♥♥ that if she ever does that♥♥♥♥♥♥again Imma bob her in her face true story I'll tell you that for free.Jk love you mum.I mean ♥♥♥♥♥ better know."
76561197972629151,Recommended,438740,31983990,Posted: 26 May,all,Dr. Grant,Fun
76561198202773408,Not Recommended,438740,32002889,Posted: 27 May,all,LongDongSilver,I liked playing the game but now I can't even play it. Keeps telling me to verify my internet. I have tried everything to get this game to work but it simply won't. I heard it was a server problem but it's taking a long time for that to be fixed.
,Recommended,438740,33449938,Posted: 11 July,all,comeine,I paid to get killed esentially.
,Recommended,438740,33545766,Posted: 14 July,all,Sergeant Ted Baker ✅,fun game but price is too high  116 aed is stupid but at 90-85 aed would be amazing deal either way it is a great game but get it on sale it will save you cash but if you cant wait just go for it :) 9.5/10 amazing. It is a very unique and special game i do recommend it at the end of the day imo it is better than that other serial killer game dead by daylight
,Recommended,438740,33609535,Posted: 17 July,all,PurplexedPug,"TOTALLY HOOKED! At first I wasnt sure I was going to like it, but after playing it for a few hours I think I'm getting it- Its a blast. The more people you play it with that you know, the better it is. Be prepared to talk to others.  Only downside is that the graphics could be way better. This is 2017, not 1989 and the graphics on the people look like 1989 again. Fix the graphics and the glitches it would be 5 stars."
,Not Recommended,438740,32053233,Posted: 29 May,all,THARRIS18 TV,Terrible ( Enough Said )
76561198038762510,Not Recommended,438740,32095060,Posted: 31 May,all,bazokajbl,the game didnt work
,Recommended,438740,33864975,Posted: 28 July,all,Moth Cock,"Postive:-Game has alot of things and easter eggs from the movies such as locations or buildings from the movies.-Overall great idea for the game-Runs Well For the most part-Easy Controlls-Decent Graphics-Options and diffrent strats to play the game depending on who you are.-Decently Powered between counselors and jason-Cool Kills For Jason-Awesome Skins/versions For Jason-Potential to expand------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Negative:-THE START UP OF THE GAME IS WAY TO ♥♥♥♥ING LOUD.-Some Minor glitches-Sever hosting locations are just terrible.-Random Chinese and russians playing on the same server as americans...-Music rapdily increases for no reason sometimes to make the game ""intense""-Its $40 (its worth it if you plan on playing a decent amount a week or so)-Mic Spam-People Teaming with jason... (being fixed acording to the devs)-Team Killing (also on the decline)------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Thingse to fix or add:-More Skins obviously-More Counselors-Make it so jason cant attack you right when the game starts... (20 second grace period)-Make the killing jason process harder-Allow Players to hold a flare gun along with a bat or something like that-make the rifle have 2 shots but allow jason to get up a tad faster-Maybe even a DLC in the future to have Mrs Voorhees Has the Killer Or even Freddy Krueger-more wepons to use-allow jason to use other wepons as well-Make The Shifting speed as fast as the car so its decently fair to catch up with a car driving away.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Overall I would Recommend to buy this game.Thanks"
76561198058300305,Recommended,438740,33868993,Posted: 28 July,all,Ultima132,me gusta
,Not Recommended,438740,32075150,Posted: 30 May,all,whocare9999,"My opinion of this game is that, it is hard to play, 1st thing first if you don't find the map ""if ever"" new player won't know where to go or do, 2nd is that if jason on you're tail you probably wont ever be able to get away gun are only 1 bullet god knows why and melee always miss or even if you do score a hit most of the time jason melee just overide it, 3 THERE is no tutorial, their ""tutorial"" is basically README, 4 there no campain, 5 if you have a connection issue or just steam is offline there is no single player or offline mode, 6 it hard to get to play as jason, probably the easiest to play you're invincible, but you're lucky to get to play as jason, there is 8 player and they will choose a random person to play jason after the match is over most likely everyone quit and join a new server and the randomize reset, 7 the graphic are horrible, 8 overpriced all you do as counciler is surve and if you play as jason kill rinse and repeat no other mode no other map 40$? i think 20$ is max i pay, gonna get refund"
,Recommended,438740,33549313,Posted: 14 July,all,AjaaxxGaming,Highly addictive!
76561198103395468,Recommended,438740,33548266,Posted: 14 July,all,ieatatree,"wonderful, except I couldn't pick Chucky from Child's Play"
76561198171094809,Recommended,438740,33897946,Posted: 29 July,all,kikemike22,the best game xd
76561198118647262,Recommended,438740,33979999,Posted: 2 August,all,zade90,i bought the game and i played it and i was acctually enjoying it but the next day i got an error while starting up it says error 30005 so i was like ok ill try tomorrow and same error and i unistalled and reinstalled the game and still getting the same error.
76561198410985457,Recommended,438740,34082570,Posted: 7 August,all,brandonthehooper334,somebody help me it wont le't me play its showing up that .dll stuff aND I HAVE A WINDOWS 7 COMPUTER AND I REALLY WANT TO PLAY THIS GAME BUT IM HAVING TROUBLE PLAYING IT CAN SOMEBODY PLEASE HELP ME SO I CAN PLAY????
76561198055733509,Recommended,438740,33890616,Posted: 29 July,all,"Sorry, I Stuttered","This is probably the best hide and seek game you'll ever find. This is an indie company touching the almighty Unreal Engine 4, so have patience and expect some spaghetti(bad) code.Like any game with multiplayer, there are various kinds of people that play and we recommend a mature approach. I'd say the playerbase personality is 50/50 and if you do find decent people, add them, make a party of 8 and hog a dedicated lobby so the jerks of the game can be stuck in lobby simulation or wind up in lobbies full other evil beings. Note, you always have the option to leave an active game unharmed.On a side note... for all you parched folks, I've encountered at least one female(and polite guys with lovely voices) per 2-3 games(pretty often) so good luck in your pursuits of happiness if you join the game. *wink*"
76561198016303197,Not Recommended,438740,32049603,Posted: 29 May,all,Dakmah,Dead by daylight is 100 x times better. This game is a joke.
76561198122956194,Recommended,438740,34352776,Posted: 19 August,all,Eggs On Toast,Lots of fun!
76561198157329578,Recommended,438740,34360884,Posted: 19 August,all,SquirrelMan7,Aside from the annoying kid fan base the game and it's deva are IA great and pretty on top of things.
,Recommended,438740,33925035,Posted: 31 July,all,RockingWithAlan,I recommend this to all of you its not very expensive its a good game the sad thing is u cant get savini jason anymore but i hope they do more updates
76561198360969131,Recommended,438740,33730229,Posted: 22 July,all,SnorlaxSK,very good game
76561198055768550,Recommended,438740,34006949,Posted: 3 August,all,Angery Bread,"Pros:-Playing as Jason is fun.-Playing as the counselors is fun, as long as you and your teamates know what you're doing.-Nice graphics.-Interesting game mechanics.Cons:-Jason is too powerful early game.-Teammates have little to no incentive to co-operate.-Some counselor perks are outright broken.-The game can get stale with only one gamemode.-The game needs smoothing out, bug wise.TL;DR F13 the game is pretty good, but there are some issues that prevent it from being truly a good game.Conclusion: The game is worth 20$ imo, but if you think you'll really like it, get it by all means."
76561198354102030,Recommended,438740,33569669,Posted: 15 July,all,Cry SLUG,ÇILDIRMALIK BİR OYUN
76561198239677292,Recommended,438740,33870789,Posted: 28 July,all,The Three of them,"Take me out to the back of the shed,and shoot me in the back of the headtake me out to the back of the shed,and shoot me in the back of the headtake me out to the back of the shed,and shoot me in the mother♥♥♥♥ing headuh ha ha ha ha ha ha habet you've never seen a wreck like this,yo, but I'm always doing better than your peers and your ♥♥♥♥♥, so,what you trying to say about my wrists?yo, I'm old yeller, yelling at the top of my lungsbut I'm always at the top of it,♥♥♥♥♥♥ I'm like the runt litterI made a deal with God that let's me live to the fullest,but with the company paying bitter."
76561197973274983,Recommended,438740,34126884,Posted: 9 August,all,Vorlehk the Undead,"Great gameplay, great community for the most part. Leveling system rewards cooperative behavior and punishes cancerous betrayals (though that doesn't mean they can't happen). I've only seen a few glitches, and the devs usually fix them in a reasonable amount of time. I don't know what all this talk of bans is about, although if you're being insensitive and immature then yes you'll get whats coming to you. I don't know why the concept of punishing toxic players is so startling to some people. Play the game seriously, don't betray your fellow councilers for ♥♥♥♥♥ n giggles, and don't try to bargain with jasons (it is funny, but it can seriously♥♥♥♥♥♥off your teammates if you're playing on a pub server)."
,Recommended,438740,33560634,Posted: 15 July,all,YouTube/MonzyGames,It's John Cena!!!!! :D
,Not Recommended,438740,32083927,Posted: 31 May,all,Samuha,Too many russians.Edit: Game is mainly populated by russians....
76561197970553546,Not Recommended,438740,31976318,Posted: 26 May,all,IksRaeiDrei,"- The game is, unfortunately, completely overpriced- no introduction- poor control- the movements of the characters are a jokeFor 5 dollars reasonable, otherwise money wasted."
,Not Recommended,438740,32276898,Posted: 8 June,all,Bing Bing Wahoo,"A really buggy one note game. I was stuck several times as jason and the humans. You play around 3 matches and then you understand how average this game is, sunk to bad levels thanks to the laughable amounts of bugs."
,Recommended,438740,34252526,Posted: 15 August,all,Tijd,"It would be nice if there was more content releasing frequently and or patches. The game is kinda getting stale and boring.Plus more bugs, glitches and exploits should be fixed.Was it worth the buy? Maybe (I honestly don't know ex dee)Can it still be worth it? Yes once they add more content (in my opinion)I would give this game a 6,5 out of 10."
76561197994358295,Not Recommended,438740,32353622,Posted: 11 June,all,<}T1F{> Mr. Rogers,game sucks
76561198399521175,Recommended,438740,34001189,Posted: 3 August,all,2 Much Money 4 You $$$,Very good game
,Recommended,438740,33849045,Posted: 27 July,all,Dcapitan123,Its all good man
,Recommended,438740,33529419,Posted: 13 July,all,☻ Jewsh,"A way better version of Dead By Daylight, just pretty expensive for what it is. If it wasn't for glitching and trolling, there would be nothing wrong with this game."
,Recommended,438740,34408326,Posted: 21 August,all,DerpyChip,Everything about it is Great...... nothing else to say :)
,Recommended,438740,33410614,Posted: 9 July,all,Flare,"After ~200 hours and almost max level let me give my impressions.It's a lot of fun. Both being Jason and running away from him as counselor is very entertaining.You can talk to all players in the match (including Jason), but not that many people use their microphones.If you use yours, you will find new friends really quick and the more people talk, the funnier it gets.Do I recommend this game?Well, don't get discouraged by negative reviews neither encouraged by positivie ones.Do you care what games a random stranger likes? No. :-)Give it a try. If you like games with a setting like this, try it out.I recommend it.Edit:Just in case you're wondering why so many people downvote my review.The devs recently started to ban cheaters, exploiters and other players who harm the community. Those who got banned now downvote everyone who gives the game a thumbs up."
,Recommended,438740,34974613,Posted: 15 September,all,NawtyEagle,I love this game! Its is so much fun. It can be quite buggy but that makes it funny sometimes. This is a must buy and you'd be a fool not to try it.
,Recommended,438740,34971485,Posted: 15 September,all,TR0Xz,Pretty Good
,Not Recommended,438740,32006087,Posted: 27 May,all,GroundZero,"Worthless, cant even log in to the servers cause these developers (like all other developers lately) and to greedy to get proper servers and to properly test a game... bought the game, could play for a hour and 30 hours later still havent played a single round since I cannot log in...Fix? appologies? nothing... and thats what I paid 40 euro's for... piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game with a load of bugs, glitches and being unable to log in to the game. And all you get is weak excuses from the greedy, noob developers,Where are the developers from the past? who put the customer on place 1, not their own ♥♥♥♥ing wallet."
76561198042152541,Not Recommended,438740,32231865,Posted: 6 June,all,Twitch.Tv/TheAratrex,10/10 would waste money again no honestly the game need to be fix.... A LOT  anyway you will see by yourself the killer can finish you really quick and you can suffer of paranoya.... enjoy
,Not Recommended,438740,32327199,Posted: 10 June,all,DIME71,One would have thought that after all these years that there would be a great game based on the FT13th franchise. I am highly disappointed that I bought this steaming heap of garbage that they released to the public. You should be ashamed of yourselves. Dead By Daylight is aeon's ahead of this rubbish.
,Recommended,438740,32226822,Posted: 6 June,all,=TBM= Stefex-S,c
76561197980697896,Recommended,438740,33434629,Posted: 10 July,all,brianyzq777,"The game is hella great, yeah it's glitchy and you can sometimes have a.ss teammates. But if you get a good game And / OR if you're jason it's really good. The Negative Reviews are portraying the game way worse than it is (like some other people say)Let me do a little pros 'n cons list.PROS:Pretty graphics.Jason looks ♥♥♥♥ing AWESOME, Part 6 is my favorite to use so far.Cheesy and annoying counslers, but that's a Good thing! they were like that even in the movies.-----CONS:Really glitchy, one time counsler got stuck in a car and i couldn't attack him. Not to mention the other glitches.Can get repetitive, needs more Jasons and executions.Game is not worth 40 bucks, but it's sort of good (not worth still) because the more money they get = bigger and better updates to the game! (I think so at least...)It's a solid 5.9/10, (to me). It has great pros that are accurate to the movies (which is great) but not a 7 or 8 because of the glitches, and price, i do recommend it though if you have a 40 or 50 laying around for a game, I will edit depending on what updates occur.I am also hoping for a single-player mode soon..."
76561198393061913,Not Recommended,438740,32837835,Posted: 26 June,all,vanoss for life,it sucks it gave my com perder a vrise
76561198087276526,Recommended,438740,33795762,Posted: 25 July,all,Cian,I had fun.
76561198069276868,Recommended,438740,33797401,Posted: 25 July,all,NightRider,"I like the game gmae, I think its very fun and entertaining, but it is still very glitchy and buggy. Not too much content and it can be very repetitive. I feel as if you're paying for an incomplete game and the price should be lower for what it is right now. I have heard of people getting banned unjustly because of certain people having contacts with devs  because they were talking trash to eachother but in my experience have had a lot of fun people in my lobbies and I never really felt like I have met anybody who really got under my skin, well thats most of the time anyway. The people I have met are funny, cooperative and are there to have fun. However, the state it is in right now, with the devs seemingly banning people left and right, countless bugs and glitches, lack of content, I would say wait, wait for this game to improve and wait until the devs to get things together until they have a properly functioning game. Like I said previously said I have haven't really met any person who got under my skin, but each person plays this game differently and I was fortunate that I had a lot of good players on my team but it's not always going to be the same experience for everyone. I really like the game but I think it would be better if this game fixed it's errors."
76561198079450133,Recommended,438740,33528787,Posted: 13 July,all,Hitler,"If you feel like being a serial killer who only wants to please his secretly sexually loving incestual mother by sneaking up behind that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ fixing the god damn car and pretzel his spine, then i'm happy to say that this game is for you!Now more than half the time you won't be that killer and you will be the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ fixing that damn car. But you my good sir are going to get a butt ♥♥♥♥ing whether you like it or not.Eh, still fun. :)PS!- Excellent with friends"
76561198320742367,Recommended,438740,33512733,Posted: 13 July,all,SeeDeng,Gun media should add the savini jason back as the dlc forever
,Recommended,438740,33417101,Posted: 9 July,all,The Law,"I honestly dont really understand all the hate this game has gotten its a small development team.Ill give a list of pros and cons.-Pros-Extremely fun with friends.-You can meet a lot of cool people while playing the game. Trust me I have made ALOT of great people on this game.-A fair amount of content for a slasher 1v8 title.-If you have seen the past F13 films it will kind of spark an interest in them. Especially for people who havent seen them.-EXTREMELY well done Jason designs. The models on these Jasons look FANTASTIC!-The community. There is a lot of cool people in the community. From people who RP and goof around to people who are just genuinely awesome.-Map design if freaking awesome. My personal favorite is Packanack!-The game in general is awesome. The mechanics, buggy, but awesome. Its fun to play as counselor if your playing with a Jason who is talking. Its obviously fun to play as Jason. He is OP but its a good OP, its Jason Vorhees for christs sake.-Kane HodderCons-Glitchers, for the most part with banning systems in place Glitchers and Cheaters are rarely spotted. I have only seen one.-Toxic Players, while the community is 90% awesome theres that other 10% who are toxic, quite annoying.-Bugs, the game is buggy but the devs are working on fixing them.-Customization, by this I mean cosmetics. I wish there was more cosmetic customizations aside from the three clothing slots.-Lack of maps, as of now there are only three maps, Higgins Haven, Crystal Lake, and Packanack. They promised more maps in the future and I cant wait.Overall I would buy this game for 40$ maybe even 60$ after seeing how much I enjoy it. Definetly a must try. You will know if you like it or not within 2 hours."
,Recommended,438740,34539527,Posted: 27 August,all,Wolfe_YT,I Love This Game So Much Its So Fun!
,Not Recommended,438740,32858472,Posted: 27 June,all,YT|AngR,This Game is Crash Ever
,Recommended,438740,33368489,Posted: 8 July,all,SpookySnowflake,"This game has some glitches that needs to be worked out, but I have been so into this game, it's ridiculous. It's a lot of fun."
,Recommended,438740,33395957,Posted: 8 July,all,BigDisneyKid,Absolutely amazing to work by yourself or with others in the lobby.  Constantly changing because the person playing Jason changes.  It's repetitive but still ever evolving.
76561198321830067,Recommended,438740,33441640,Posted: 10 July,all,DeathHunter,one of the Best games I have played this year
76561197983101644,Recommended,438740,33442332,Posted: 10 July,all,Monkey Squirts,"This game is SO fun, and it's even more fun with friends. I've had it for 2 weeks and I'm already hooked on it. The gameplay in my opinion is really good, everything is well balanced, and everything just seems very rewarding (If that makes any sense). I do agree with others that the game is overpriced, but I dont have any regrets spending the $40. It still has some glitches, but none of them that I experienced were game breaking, they made laugh my♥♥♥♥♥off instead. I highly recommend this game if you love playing spooky and cheesy games with friends and or just having some good laughs."
76561198068585216,Recommended,438740,33360798,Posted: 7 July,all,iDevWaffle (Go Go Waffles),"It's a good game. The Devs still have a ton of work to complete on this game. There are many bugs. Having this game on 3 platforms is really time consuming for the devs. Singleplayer isn't a thing yet in this game, a internet connection is required to play this game until singleplayer is added, which probably won't be added for another month or two considering how long it takes the devs to release packs for each platform. A lot of people say this game isn't worth $40, I think it will once singleplayer is added and more maps are added, which has been confirmed by the devs they will be added. All in all this is a great game, many bugs to be fixed and more content to be added, but the devs are working their hardest to do it all across 3 different platforms."
,Recommended,438740,33858274,Posted: 28 July,all,MisterUmPapa,"Not even close to Dead by Daylight. Not meaning its worse, Its a whole different game. And ive had lots of fun with it."
76561198125787600,Recommended,438740,33895622,Posted: 29 July,all,Viral Orbit,This game is great when playing with friends. It pays great tribute to the movies and is a hell of a lot of fun.
,Recommended,438740,33491218,Posted: 12 July,all,⎛⎝DatCringeBoii⎠⎞,"Dafür gibt es den win, der woche!"
76561198403806157,Recommended,438740,34037731,Posted: 5 August,all,DirtyDonzen,Cool game
,Recommended,438740,34050893,Posted: 5 August,all,Toast,"Although this game is quite glitchy and broken right now, I do believe it will become a much more renown game and will improve in time. :)"
76561198279576721,Recommended,438740,34050965,Posted: 5 August,all,SavingPrivateTio,This game has many and i mean MANY problems however what i think they can do is to at least make jason finisher time to be longer becuase it can be the early game and jason already finds you grabs you and then kills you with one of his kill moves another thing which is a HUGE problem is what the bans from this it is gonna be hard to joke or even make messed up jokes;however it is a good game just major issues they need to fix and the ban list becuase they have not mention of this at all and devs if you are reading this please focus more on friday the 13th and not go on to make a new game
76561198404901521,Recommended,438740,34308904,Posted: 17 August,all,lol,Good game.
76561198061893698,Recommended,438740,33854969,Posted: 28 July,all,Zyrexal,this game is ok.. but fix the hitbox range of jason's grab.. it goes extremely far..
76561198332340789,Recommended,438740,34125972,Posted: 9 August,all,matt,Coming from FNAF this game is impressive
,Not Recommended,438740,31972783,Posted: 26 May,all,Boobie Pillow,Even on the highest graphics this game looks like crap (I thought horror games were all about dem graphics?). This game is just laughable... like... you could get more scares out of literally any disney movie.Refunded.For those of you who do like it..... have fun...Oh and btw took an average of 10 minutes for me to find a game with a stable 10MB internet connection.... so if you live in aus prepare to wait that long only to join a 250ms ping game that just crap.
,Not Recommended,438740,31967855,Posted: 26 May,all,WPlays,"This game should be good game for me but it's not, especially if you're in SEA or Australia region, it gives massive ping when you play. And also i got game crash with my high specs rig, here my rig's specs:Processor : Intel Core i7-6700KCPU Cooler : Coolermaster Hyper 212x TurboGPU : Zotac Geforce GTX 1080 AMP! EditionSoundcard : Asus Xonar DGXMotherboard : Gigabyte Z170-HD3HDD : 6TBSSD : Samsung 850 EVO 1TB, Samsung 850 PRO 128GBRAM : Team Elite Plus DDR4 PC19200 32GB(4x8GB) 2400MHzPower Supply : Corsair RM750x Gold CertifiedI don't know i will refund this game or not."
76561198338298113,Recommended,438740,33557597,Posted: 15 July,all,JuHa,best game
,Recommended,438740,33395240,Posted: 8 July,all,nanel,Very fun game to play :)
76561198213541717,Recommended,438740,35033921,Posted: 17 September,all,jeffthebuilder,pickle rick likes it
76561198391746525,Not Recommended,438740,32114043,Posted: 1 June,all,meor.faris,i cant even launch the game. rip me
76561198061170026,Not Recommended,438740,32125770,Posted: 2 June,all,N4GY,"Tommy Savini ""skin"" will ruin the fun for all. They said its only for supporters but aint we supporting the game all who bought it???"
76561198009817851,Not Recommended,438740,32164020,Posted: 3 June,all,Jedi Master Ailan,What a trash game.... lol. Where is the fun?
76561198055981514,Recommended,438740,33895413,Posted: 29 July,all,Relaxceraptor [Lenny The Blenny],Best game ever. 10/10 would reccomend :D
76561198268222653,Recommended,438740,33471491,Posted: 11 July,all,Belowzero_7,its lit
76561198255756134,Recommended,438740,33544924,Posted: 14 July,all,MurpMan,..
76561198392975308,Recommended,438740,33978403,Posted: 2 August,all,TheRealPaulBunyan,"Great game, nothing else like it on the market!"
,Recommended,438740,32033475,Posted: 28 May,all,SUPA Goose,Friday The 13th mmmmmm good game yes?I say yes just trust me good game yes buy yes? okay yes fun!
76561198101652540,Not Recommended,438740,33055574,Posted: 30 June,all,CULTIST LEADER,This game would be fun if Jason was not that overpowered.I played as councelor 4 timesJason 2 timesWhen I played counselor I had a bad experience. Jason could see me trough walls. He knew where I was the whole time. When I tried to run it turned out an akward situation where Jason just will jog after me and tp just to fail his grabs. OH by the way if Jason grabs you and you are alone you are dead. the only thing that can save you is a pocket knife or if another counselor hits him.Playing Jason is fun. BUT only because you are really damn OP.
76561198234333564,Not Recommended,438740,33050625,Posted: 30 June,all,give me my jif,"Bad, doesn't work without doing something to your computer."
,Not Recommended,438740,32002915,Posted: 27 May,all,Marc,"The game is good, there's only one thing wrong with it, I can't play."
,Recommended,438740,33534710,Posted: 14 July,all,hmm?,Better than counter strike xD
76561198040275321,Not Recommended,438740,32526127,Posted: 17 June,all,专注猥琐三十年,"As a Chinese, I just want to say a word to you idiots, foreigners,  close the door!!!  close the door!!!  close the door!!!  close the door!!!  close the door!!!  close the door!!!  close the door!!!  close the door!!!  close the door!!!  close the door!!!  close the door!!!  close the door!!!  close the door!!!  close the door!!!  close the door!!!  close the door!!!  close the door!!!  close the door!!!  close the door!!!  close the door!!!  close the door!!!  close the door!!!  close the door!!!  close the door!!!  close the door!!!  close the door!!!  close the door!!!  close the door!!!  close the door!!!  close the door!!!  close the door!!!  close the door!!!  close the door!!!  close the door!!!  close the door!!!  close the door!!!  close the door!!!  close the door!!!  close the door!!!"
76561198063108284,Recommended,438740,33495776,Posted: 12 July,all,Dark,Good game but isn't worth the 40 should be 20.
76561198356132041,Not Recommended,438740,32068179,Posted: 30 May,all,rigoconcillion,i tried downloading the game 7 ♥♥♥♥ing times and it keeps failing. have not even played once.
,Recommended,438740,34218297,Posted: 13 August,all,Dashing Killer,Best multiplayer game
,Recommended,438740,33438680,Posted: 10 July,all,Vohajus ✌✌,"Awesome game, made by pure fans for pure fans... of both Friday the 13th franchise and asymetric multiplayer game in general.Devs are protective over their players and that's just awesome. Don't listen to the babies crying 'cause they have been permaban. You need a video proof to be banned for life, so their case are hopeless, they're just frustrated to be ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. And the community is much more sane since the bans began.Loving every minute of it !"
,Recommended,438740,33799290,Posted: 25 July,all,Twitch.tv/ShrimpMcSherry,"Great game! The matches are 20 minutes max so it makes it easy to play as much or as little as you want, and with all the different characters and items, no two matches are the same. Would reccommend to anyone wanting to kick back, relax, and play something fun"
76561198076256512,Recommended,438740,33417885,Posted: 9 July,all,GoomFrubla,"meh, its good if you have friends, even if your friends are rapists"
,Not Recommended,438740,32358431,Posted: 11 June,all,BroWhosHackingLOL,It was pretty boring lol
76561198390316670,Recommended,438740,33497473,Posted: 13 July,all,KingVoljin,"Absolutely love this game. Aside from some glitches/bugs, this game is pretty damn good. 9/10"
,Recommended,438740,33397513,Posted: 9 July,all,Strider,Even though the game is a bit dead and the game had a dodgey start it's a good game new content coming I am only playing it because it has the new content I stopped  playing it because I thought the game is dead. I haven't ran into a lot of hackers which is quiet interesting because in most games I do run into hackers but for me it's quiet rare. I love the game BUT it isn't worth 30 pounds more like 20 pounds. If you want to waste 30 pounds right away then whatever but if you feel that is too much just wait for the sale because I wish I bought it at a sale instead  of full price.
,Recommended,438740,34973305,Posted: 15 September,all,fraggyb,"This game is so much fun.  If you're a fan of horror films/games then you have to get this.Bugs aside, it's currently the best MP horror game on the market and it'll only get better with all the new content that has been promised.If you're on the fence about buying it (I was) just do it, you won't regret it!"
76561198048630964,Recommended,438740,31964747,Posted: 25 May,all,Devilock,This is the best Barbie game sin Advance Warfare 8 (PS2)
,Recommended,438740,33799631,Posted: 25 July,all,Basically Suace,Love the game!
,Recommended,438740,33358570,Posted: 7 July,all,ڸackƦabbit™,"Okay, so first off, I'd like people to actually READ the review before giving it a thumbs down if that's okay.Pros:+ Extremely fun gameplay online publicly and with friends.+ No pay-to-win crap (although some people would argue this. More in the final thoughts.)+ Brutual executions which I can't get enough of.+ With some of Jason's abilities, the game can have some really good jumpscares.+ Community really isn't as bad as some people seem to think.Cons:- Game still has a lot of bugs in it. Some of which are game-breaking.- Gameplay can begin to get repetitive after an extended period of play.- As of July 7th, 2017, still only has an online mode.- Pretty shaky fighting mechanics.Final Thoughts:Well, this game was a doosy! I definitely had a blast with it when I first started playing and even after watching numerous guides on how to play the game before I bought it, I was still learning some of the tricks that you could do in order to get better at it. I currently have about 38 hours invested into the game as of the time I write this review and I can easily say, every single one has been well earned!Now let me address the pay-to-win thing I mentioned earlier. There is no micro-transactions within this game. All things that are ""purchased"" per say in it, are done with in-game currency which you earn by simply playing the game. As of now, IllFonic has not put items in the Steam Market yet which I am very happy about. However, what some people will argue, is the infamous Savini Jason skin that was given to people who gave $65 or more to the developer's kickstarter for Friday the 13th. Savini Jason is without a doubt, the best Jason skin in the game due to its perks. Some would even go as to call it overpowered and honestly, I wouldn't COMPLETELY disagree with them. However, this Savini Jason WAS given to people who were willing to donate extra money to the developers before the public release and as of now, there is no way to aquire this skin anymore. If the developers want to reward the people who helped them make this game a reality, then if you ask me, they have every right to. This IS coming from someone who does NOT have the Savini Jason. However, if I did know about the kickstarter before the game was released, I would have donated to them.Now, I actually DO recommend this game, but like every game, it has flaws. This game in particular has quite a few of them. The game is still extremely buggy after the full release to the public, even after the closed beta was given out. If you ask me, the developers SHOULD have cleaned more of those up before releasing it. However, these bugs are KNOWN and I have no reason to doubt that they are being worked on to get fixed. It might be taking a while, but that just tells me that they are doing their best to get this game going in the right direction. The game was and still is given a lot of love by the developers, who let me say ARE an indie company. So the game doesn't have the largest amount of funding for it. 90% of the funds came from the kickstarter campaign. If you ask me, that is the biggest reason why the game is taking so long to improve on. Taking that as well as the fact that this game might as well still be in beta into consideration, I am giving this game a lot of leniency. Regardless though, it is an extremely fun game and I believe that anybody who enjoyed Dead By Daylight should give this game a shot. On top of that, anybody who loved the Friday the 13th franchise, anybody who is a fan of horror games, or anyone who is more into casual gaming, should give this a try."
76561198076375487,Not Recommended,438740,32047990,Posted: 29 May,all,Highlander,"DO NOT BUY, YOU CAN NOT WIN THIS GAME UNLESS YOUR JASON. I PLAYED FOR MY FREE 2 HOURS BEFORE REFUND AND NEVER ESCAPED."
76561198370660691,Recommended,438740,33417544,Posted: 9 July,all,Gandalf The Grey,"This game is truly awesome! A-W-E-S-O-M-E! Friday The 13th is a scary game, although you might have a laugh or rage, because you died, or something else that you can rage about. But, it is still a great game. 4/5"
,Not Recommended,438740,31965840,Posted: 25 May,all,llama #FREETAYK,How much money did you pay for all these bots to give your game a positive review?
,Not Recommended,438740,32954125,Posted: 28 June,all,☩XejealBelial☩,"This game sucks only because i can't play jason anytime i want, also, if you add thus feature to the game i'll change my attitude"
,Recommended,438740,33417246,Posted: 9 July,all,GristleMcThornbody,Excellent game when played with the right people.
76561198455079077,Recommended,438740,34264676,Posted: 15 August,all,Jewlzloid,"Great game, been playing since launch,  needs some new content but is very fun and single player should be on the way any time now!"
76561198099620683,Recommended,438740,33860472,Posted: 28 July,all,♥,40$ Game folks.
76561198020233587,Recommended,438740,34263203,Posted: 15 August,all,Ryan Villopoto,"Friday the 13th...I am just going to make comments about this game in no particular order- The concept for finally playing Jason from all the movies is genius- Bugs and glitches still at times but no game is perfect...the counselors flying up in air after kill is funny, not a game breaker for me lol- People leave if they aren't Jason, not the games fault, just the players- You should get the kill xp as soon as the kill animation starts, people leave and Jason doesn't get that xp- I have put hundreds of hours on this game, I still enjoy it today, would reccomend it anyone who is a fan of Friday the 13th- Everyoneeeeeee says ""I am recording this"" yeahhh, they aren't, more a community issue than game issue- Chad!- Maps are pretty dead on to the movies 10/10 there- Wish more Jasons' had the machete tho, it is iconic after all- Jason is slightly OP but that's the point...you can still escape if you play it right, its not super difficult- Not being able to team kill when someone takes keys or gas really far away may ruin some games, not a fan of hearing that update honestly...In the end, is it perfect? NoIs it a lot of fun and a good game to play? YesThis game is $40, I think the current amount of content and some to come shortly, it should be a $30 game but I am a HUGE fan of the franchise so $40 is fine for me, worth the money and I am not mad about thatFinally...Dead by Daylight is $20 with more content currently but this game is still better to me :)"
45345635646564564,Recommended,438740,34249434,Posted: 14 August,all,sssss,Jasoon
76561198298226915,Recommended,438740,33496192,Posted: 12 July,all,cord,just waiting for SEA server.
76561198305142960,Not Recommended,438740,32062271,Posted: 30 May,all,Squid Legend,this game legitimately sucks.
,Recommended,438740,33345109,Posted: 7 July,all,Suckus Dickus XII,Pretty good fam
76561197992927404,Recommended,438740,33394134,Posted: 8 July,all,ELITE_SEAL,Game is a blast!! Plus it helps that I am a big Friday the 13th fan... Game is still glitchy but they are fixing the problems fast! It runs good on my rig with everything on Epic settings....
76561198064377554,Not Recommended,438740,32100634,Posted: 31 May,all,flaktraks,The game is scary and thrilling but lacks subtlety. The music and sound effects are a nice touch but are too loud and repetitive at times. For the price this is not worth what is offered and may suffer from Day-Z syndrome where fans hope for something that will never come to pass. Unlike Day-Z this game has a very small roaming space with roads that lead to nowhere etc. Much room for improvement especially since this is a Left-4-Dead clone. I hope it gets the polish it needs and I sincerely hope Tom Savini doesn't phone it in here.
76561198075466665,Not Recommended,438740,32322724,Posted: 10 June,all,MechanicalMess,no
76561198219582720,Not Recommended,438740,32243850,Posted: 7 June,all,Franzyy,Game is such a rip off for 40 dollars. the concept of the game is terrible.
,Recommended,438740,33403694,Posted: 9 July,all,SmoukaPouka,Having fun with the game!!!
,Recommended,438740,33799801,Posted: 25 July,all,oMni,yuhhgvfy
,Not Recommended,438740,31965234,Posted: 25 May,all,El Pollo Loco,game is really sh!t
,Not Recommended,438740,32064366,Posted: 30 May,all,Tarn,Any game where you only have a 1/8 chance of playing the way you would like is horribly designed.
76561198253487022,Not Recommended,438740,32343415,Posted: 11 June,all,e_rabbit_smart,garbage wont download
76561197967713769,Recommended,438740,31964576,Posted: 25 May,all,The Boy King,Jason Voorhees
76561198100450621,Not Recommended,438740,32233193,Posted: 6 June,all,Dr.fox,"I spend 90 min or more of my live get this game to play I hade to downlode 3 thing to get erros to go away im stuck on the application was unable 0xc00007b  solved it dosn't work, i had to downlode x3daudio1_7.dll and xapofx1_5.dll onhttps://www.dll-files.comand put them in my steam32 wich fix it if some one know who to fix 0xc00007b plz help, I hop this game is fun, thanks dr.fox"
,Recommended,438740,33388062,Posted: 8 July,all,Wood Elite CaptainOlimar,"Quality game, and for those wondering, it's not the same as dead by daylight"
76561198387353544,Recommended,438740,34768173,Posted: 5 September,all,PICKLE RICK🥒🥒,PICKLE RICK
76561198063122741,Recommended,438740,33390848,Posted: 8 July,all,Dragon Legend,"Jason: *Chasing me up the stairs*Me: ♥♥♥♥ YOU JASON IM KILLING MYSELF ALAHU AKBAR ALAHU AKBAR!!!""Me: *Jumps out of 2 story window*I like this game. I think its really good and its awesome to see Jason back in action. Its been too long of a vacation for him. This game is really cool and i do recommend it...but beware. The game devs are fukn shiit up. Nothing has happened to me but if you look at some of the reveiws for this game or if yo go to the community, you will notice that a lot of people have been getting permabanned for unjust reasons. Now from what ive seen, the devs dont give 2 ♥♥♥♥♥ about anyone. So if you do get this game becareful with what you say and what you do becuase there might be a dev around the corner ready to steal your $40. But other than♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥bag devs, I love the game and I have has some hilarious experiences. The graphics are cartoony so dont expect that, but it doesnt need them. I love the setting it feels pretty retro and neat. Matchmaking works great and doesnt mess up all the time ( IM TALKING TO YOU DEAD BY DAYLIGHT) Its got a nice leveling system. I havent had any connection problems or the game hasnt disconnected me in the middle of rounds. I really like it I think if you like these kind of games then you will. I loved Dead by Daylight but it has so many issues that now im playing this instead.10/10 would suicide to♥♥♥♥♥♥Jason off again."
76561198101342442,Recommended,438740,33384440,Posted: 8 July,all,Doctor Pepper,"This is not a review for Friday The 13th The Game, this is a apology note for the developers. Hi im Doctor Pepper and me and my buddy darking virus got banned from Friday The 13th The Game for helping Jason kill the counselors yesterday. We just wanted to say that were both sorry and ashamed that we violated the rules. I hope that you will understand that we are sorry for breaking the rules and that we will promise to never do it again and i hope that you will accept this apology note and unban us because we are big fans of the game and the series."
,Not Recommended,438740,32598981,Posted: 20 June,all,NiBBa1000,░░░░░░░█ dead by daylight░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀▄ friday the 13th ▄ ░▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
,Recommended,438740,33385529,Posted: 8 July,all,j8cob,"The more people with microphones in the lobby, the more fun the game gets."
,Recommended,438740,33391556,Posted: 8 July,all,Skunkrocker,"This is the greatest game of all TIME, guys. Seriously. This then Hotline Miami. If you don't own this game right now you are wasting your ♥♥♥♥ing life. No horror fan should go without it. It gets the films perfectly, and I love it. It is super kick♥♥♥♥♥ BUY IT RIGHT GODDAMN NOW!"
76561198279856417,Recommended,438740,33507512,Posted: 13 July,all,¤☢_zITz_☢¤ Vac Banned,BEST GAME EVER!!
,Recommended,438740,33384614,Posted: 8 July,all,SpiderAndrew05,Hi My name is spider But here's one that my friend Doctor peper got bannnd from team killing also with darking virus so thay just want to say that thare sorry so thay will respact the rules and guidelines and thare big fans of friday the 13th movies and that thare ashamed and thay will follow the rules
76561198132739012,Not Recommended,438740,31965089,Posted: 25 May,all,Thor Gunderson,"Well I can't say I recommend it or not. I played as Jason and I found that it was way to easy to find someone and kill them. The match was only like 5 minutes long and killed 5/6 counselors. If your a fan of the series you'll probably love it, but it got boring way to fast for me. The graphics looked and ran perfectly with no issues, but this game is honestly slow movement wise, and just not much to do but either escape, or kill thats it. So as a not so much fan, I wouldn't recommend it. Its pretty and looks like your actually in the movie, but they need to come up with something tto engage the players, otherwise this is going to get boring really fast. If there was an option to remove all powers from jason, make it hardcore mode, and make it so that there was no music to warn that I was nearby, would add the immersion of how scary it could actually be. I just think the powerups are way to overpowered. 40 bucks as well.... Worth 10 or a free to play game."
,Not Recommended,438740,31965111,Posted: 25 May,all,Danimyo,"$40 and you can't party with your friends, It's broken. As soon as you join a match your friends get booted...Again, $40 for a team based game and you can't play with friends? Fix please...**After playing it SOLO because you can't party with friends, it made me realize how much more you get with Dead By Daylight than this game at a CHEAPER price. The ""Friday the 13th"" theme limits the game. The party bug has been a problem since alpha. Which tells me these guys slapped a $40 price tag on the game knowing people would buy it, and will run away with the money. Game will be dead within a month or 2."
,Recommended,438740,33386148,Posted: 8 July,all,Arch Enemy,"Good game, is not bad since the game still build (single player mode) cant wait till thenWhy server so random??"
76561198316356442,Not Recommended,438740,32237979,Posted: 7 June,all,RedSiskin,I bought this Game in Russia using VPN it cost me $13 and its NOT even worth $13.IF you buy this game at $40 you probably really stupid.
76561198118460510,Recommended,438740,31964656,Posted: 25 May,all,Lynx (x_x),first
,Not Recommended,438740,31966230,Posted: 25 May,all,MADDMAX_KZ,BEWARE IN GAME HACKERS NO KIDDING1 HIT KILLERSSURIVIORS DON'T GET♥♥♥♥♥♥MURDER CAN BASICLY KILL YOU WITHOUT TRYING AT ALLCAN'T REALLY PLAY WITH FRIENDSNO REGION SERVER YOU CAN BE PAIRED WITH JAP PLAYERSPLAYERS WHO LEAVE AND REJOIN ARE AUTO KILLERSWORSE MURDER GAME SO FAR BETTER OFF SAVING YOURECASH AND PLAY DBDwell jason is just way way to OPthis is not a solo players game you need a group of friends or make friends to enjoy this morewhy i rated it negative is cause he is just OP survivor's need a little more Upper handbasicly its a wolf vs Lamb'sand yes i compared it to DBD but DBD is more of a fast paste game this is slowsadly i had high hopes and i am dissapointed i hope more get's updated40$ for this game seems abit extreame so until few things are played and fixed i vote (thumbs down) mostly cause its nearly immpossible to hide or get away from jason this is my point of view if you have friends and wonna play it be my guest for me its a ehhh try a little harder Dev'shope this helps people GoodLuck happy hunting jason fan's
,Not Recommended,438740,31965270,Posted: 25 May,all,GamezFreakHD,"Stay away from this game. Seriously, it's awful & I will try my best to tell you why. Where should I start with something like this? Well, For starters you can't rebind a single key, at all. The graphic options are very limited as well. Don't even get me started on how the game runs. (it's bad.)I just know a console port when I see one, this game was clearly made & targeted towards the console users. The devs obviously don't care about the PC gaming community at all, Which upsets me that most devs don't.Disclaimer:I'm a fan of all the Friday The 13th movies and lore, I was looking foward to this & bought it the 1st hour it was released on Steam. No joke, Soon as I got the email it was out, I bought it. But, I am so happy Steam has a refund policy.Now on to the gameplay, I feel that the game is a bit unbalanced due to Jason's ridiculous abilities like:-Being able to teleport around the camp-Xray vision which allows Jason to be able to see players through any surface in the campI really don't know what else to say about this game other than it's overpriced. $39.99? Are you joking? To me, this is a cash grab using Friday The 13th's name. Do your self a favor & if you must have this game, get it in a sale or something, Oh & don't get me started on the animations!"
76561198087155530,Recommended,438740,31964606,Posted: 25 May,all,#Ricegumisabitch,First
,Not Recommended,438740,32180155,Posted: 4 June,all,Grand Wizard of the KKK,"ABSOLUTE garbage game. Dead game out of the gate, this one. Do not waste your money. I'm playing the game just to teamkill the other suckers playing this garbage LOL! THINK OF THE♥♥♥♥♥♥♥GIVING MONEY FOR THE KICKSTARTER!!!! HAHAHAHAHAH!!!!!!"
76561198279945712,Recommended,438740,31987684,Posted: 26 May,all,CommieNoodle,"This game has a fun element to it.- The connection regions are having a bit of a problem, but it usually happens when a new game is released- playing with your friends make it even fun- The price of 40usd is a bit expensive for just a 1v7 murder game. At least they are releasing a singleplayer soon which is good, so you dont fell ripped off.- A good customization of jason and the characters- The Controller support have a better experience if you have oneOverall, the game is super fun."
,Recommended,438740,31987714,Posted: 26 May,all,Sargocentron,"There are a few bugs to hammer out still, but overall it is a fun time."
76561198296555745,Recommended,438740,31987454,Posted: 26 May,all,Sharkins,"It's just fantastic. So much fun to talk to Jason as he chases you down and gets really tense at times. The only concern I had before playing was I had no one to play with. First day, i find a group of hilarious people and we played for 5 hours straight. Awesome game with an awesome community."
76561198023798220,Recommended,438740,31987273,Posted: 26 May,all,reeses4brkfst,"Very fun game. A few patches and it'll be good to go!. A lot of people aren't happy with the price for the content, but I have zero issues supporting these publishers. They are very active in the community, admit to their faults and seem passionate. Looking forward to more content. Spend the $40 IMO"
76561198092638963,Recommended,438740,31987949,Posted: 26 May,all,Jack Hare,Games is pretty fun! Even when your died still entertaining to watch. A lot of fun when you are jason and murdering your friends.
,Recommended,438740,31985634,Posted: 26 May,all,Decimit,"Very fun game. There are some issues but it's early and I'm sure they will be fixed soon, but nothing game breaking. The game is tense and the feeling of dread goes from beginning to end. You never know when the game might end.Depending on who is in your game, it might be a quiet tense struggle for survival, or it might be a hilarious scurry to just be the last one slaughtered. Either way, it's fun and that is what is important."
76561198269688309,Recommended,438740,31985682,Posted: 26 May,all,Sonic:Tv,Best horror game I have ever played and it's better than dead by daylight.
76561198057918187,Not Recommended,438740,31985560,Posted: 26 May,all,boink,"Servers flooded, can't even play it.   0/10."
,Recommended,438740,31971330,Posted: 26 May,all,Gudako SeNPai,"Okay, I will update as I play further along but what I can say is it's a good game.There is a lot of potential to becoming a great game if they fix bugs, animations and generally listen to people's feedback; It will reach that level of greatnessThe game itself is a pretty unique experience and there is a bit of DBD vibe here. What's unique is that there are 3 main escape routes; by calling the police and escape, drive away or escape by boat. I feel like this is the main highlight and they definitely need to add more escape routes and ways to escape or kill Jason in future FREE updates. *NO paid dlc pls*Playing as jason is the best thing in the game; they nailed it for making him OP. While the survivors I do feel kinda tensed every match when the music plays and when jason chases you; I liked that about itAnother thing is having friends to play with changes the experience a lot more better I can tell. If you're only going to play by yourself, it's pretty mediocre currently. I found myself kinda bored when I'm the last survivor and Jason had been looking for me for like 30 min?!Honestly I just wanted him to find me xDCurrently there's 3 maps, which kinda feel the same and also there's no real depth to the customization/unlockables system.  They reward you way better here than like DBD but I feel like the system lacks depth (only color skins, locked characters and jason's animation kills) and you're probably going to unlock everything in like 20-40 hours?The random skill loot shop is alright, it adds a bit of oomph but not enough to justify the whole system itself. (It ranges from basic/normal to epic) ~ similar system to say Destiny and injustice 2The words that describe this game's current state is ""early access""It's not finished at all and I shouldn't even be recommending it but if you know that from the get go knowing its in this state then it's fine. Like I said before the BEST experience is with your friends :)I think the updates and the story will make the game feel more polished. refined and complete.With that said, the devs need to take action and get more updates asap. It will be treated like DBD or even worse than that if not for putting a $40 price tag7/10 -------------------------                  Fun Factor: High"
76561198040683344,Not Recommended,438740,31980872,Posted: 26 May,all,KABOOOOM,"so many bugs and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t server errors that i refund this, the devs they said that they would fix these issues and its not fixed.in my mind its NOT worth $40 it sould be worth $20 or $15, also were is the pre order skin that we should have recieved huh?"
76561198050306980,Recommended,438740,31966765,Posted: 25 May,all,No_Money_No_Honey,"i feel like this game is more to jason's fun than survivols. survivors  have no chanse, like seriously 1% chanse of surviving. still fun tho :)9/10 but i don't think is  worth 40 bucks:/"
,Recommended,438740,31985295,Posted: 26 May,all,Sif,I tried to save everyone from jason with a bat and he threw me through a window. 10/10 would hero again.
76561198346641970,Recommended,438740,31965337,Posted: 25 May,all,Caller123,"So far I've played 3 games. The first one was a test run with the change in settings that I put it. Protip: Lower your controller senitivity by half. At least for me that was where it was perfect. I was lucky enough to be put in a lobby with pretty chill people, and we ended up playing 3 rounds together. I haven't encountered any crazy bugs yet, but I'm sure others have. I was a counselor all 3 games and it IS difficult to win, but not impossible. First game I died within 3 minutes. Second game I died just before by getting pulled out of the car. The third game Jason just destroyed everyone, but I was the last one and had to hold out for just a few more minutes. Needless to say, it is difficult, but it's possible. I say this game, as of now, is worth paying the $40. There's so many ways to try and escape, and the community itself, from my experience, is awesome."
76561197969322116,Recommended,438740,31965862,Posted: 25 May,all,cabush73,Loving the game so far cant wait to play some more
76561197992411677,Recommended,438740,31966092,Posted: 25 May,all,jersydave,AWESOME!!! game is epic
76561198068266757,Recommended,438740,32013623,Posted: 28 May,all,willywonka,After playing the game i have got the xp but my level is still at 0 .Anyone get get thus trouble too?
76561198009849240,Not Recommended,438740,32018462,Posted: 28 May,all,Quagmire,Perhaps I should have waited before buying this game. Can't play because of database login error. And offline mode seems like it's kind of pointless. SOOOOOOOOOOOOOO......maybe it'll work next week. The login screen looks pretty good though lol. Right now I can't recommend but if they actually get it working I'll post an actual review.
76561198054689875,Recommended,438740,32009782,Posted: 27 May,all,goofydexter,"Until that Database Login Failure is fixed, I will change my reviewEDIT: Update (as of 5/28/17) worked. Review Changed."
,Not Recommended,438740,32018290,Posted: 28 May,all,๖ۣۜSpyglass,"Too many underaged kids playing, felt like i was on a set of sesame street with them talking on voice rather than playing a action horror game."
76561197984278141,Recommended,438740,32018040,Posted: 28 May,all,Forbesy,"Apart from the bugs and glitches this game is brilliant, i cannot get off it at the moment.  The dev steam are responding well and communcating with the community extremely well also, i look forward to the future of this game, i just hope the lack of progression does not limit its shelf life."
76561198023140014,Recommended,438740,32016964,Posted: 28 May,all,Harry,"I've only played this game for a short while, and yet the horror factor combined with the task at hand (for either Jason or the Counsellors) is both thrilling and exciting.There are still some clear issues with servers, buying perks and most importantly - mouse sensitivity! But besides from these few bugs that I'm sure will be fixed in the very near future, the replayability will keep me playing for hours and hours to come."
76561198206117637,Recommended,438740,32017587,Posted: 28 May,all,C }-{ E \ /,it a really fun game cuz the jason is really op and it more challenge but there 1 problem is i cannot login to game after i play for 1 hour it said Database login failure but it still a pretty fun game i hope they fix the problem soon
76561198119570594,Recommended,438740,32017596,Posted: 28 May,all,Mr.White Snake [SWE],This game is just awsome and i think everyone should buy it
,Recommended,438740,32017456,Posted: 28 May,all,EnigmaSZ,Worth a play better than dead by daylight
76561198181301278,Not Recommended,438740,32017390,Posted: 28 May,all,Confetti,$40 for can not get in the game is verry sad to me. I will not recommand to anyone if it can not fix asap.
76561197960893592,Not Recommended,438740,32017400,Posted: 28 May,all,Cronik,I dont think its worth £30 maybe once they add more content and the game feels a bit more polished I'll come back but until then I've decided to refund my copy. Hopefulyl the game will still have a strong population by the time I try it again.
76561198067925347,Recommended,438740,32017611,Posted: 28 May,all,Cluckers,Good game for what it is.
76561198136747291,Recommended,438740,32017344,Posted: 28 May,all,CrticalAgent,I love this game. Yes not a whole lot of content but if you have the right people it can still be loads of fun. My only major complaint is i wish we could skip the beggining and ending scene of every round
,Recommended,438740,31969496,Posted: 26 May,all,Asyrex2k,"Alright, so now that I have a good amount of hours in this game I can finally write a good review. I LOVE THIS GAME.First off, let me get this clear. THIS GAME IS NOT SUPPOSED TO BE DBD AND IT IS NOT EVEN MEANT TO BE A COPY OF THAT GAME, SO DBD SALTY FANS, PLEASE F*CK OFF.Alright, let's begin.1) This game does actually have content.4 ways of escaping: -running to the police after you called them by repairing the fuse box-using the boat to sail away-using the car to drive away-killing JasonMany ways to play: -play as a team, help eachother-be the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥who repairs the boat/car and takes it without waiting for others-be the guy who sacrifices himself to make sure others get out-be the leader of a group and keep people together-many more!!Perks and counselors: -There are many many perks in this game, each with a different quality (poor, common, uncommon, rare, epic)-Each perk gives you something good and something bad-Each counselor has his unique stats, one is for stealth, one for fighting, one for repairing etc..-Each perk you get is random and costs 500 CP (about 2-3 wins) which will make sure that youdont get the dream build so easilyJason: -Many kill animations that you can unlock for CP-Cool abilities-6 different Jasons with different stats3)Jason is actually OP but that is a good thing, in this game you are supposed to hide, not juke him, not laugh in his face. If you don't hide, you are dead, ezpz, get used to it.4)Servers are bad, I'm not going to say it's not true, but personally I do not have any problems with them and I really think you should try them for yourself before judging the game.5)These developers are working very hard. They are not a very big team so give them some time, this game will be the best game of this genre.Alright, now let's actually talk about gameplay.Each couselor spawns somewhere randomly on the map, you can either spawn close to nobody, to other counselors or close to Jason himself.You will have to start looking in the houses for weapons, traps, items and parts for boat, car and phone.To repair the boat you will need a propeller and gas.To repair the car you will need a car battery, gas and car keys.To repair the phone you will need a fuse.The car and the boat are pretty obvious, you use them and you get out of the map, although with the phone you can call cops that will come on the map after 5 minutes at one of the 2 ways out of the map. If you reach them you will be able to get out of the map on foot.You can also call Tommy Jarvis who has the best stats in the game and has a gun that can stun Jason.That is pretty much it, there are a lot more things that I could talk about, but how about you find them on your own? :DSee you in the game!"
76561198008264504,Recommended,438740,32014285,Posted: 28 May,all,EVILBONESAW,Love the game play once you guys get the bugs worked out it will be perfect!  One thing I might add to help increase the intensity for counselors is dont show jason on the map.  Seeing that red dot takes all the scariness out of it.  If you dont see him coming it would be much more intense when getting chased.
,Recommended,438740,31999803,Posted: 27 May,all,iSpamz_Ryujin,"Really good game, but there's a few minor bugs"
76561198063934762,Recommended,438740,31968418,Posted: 26 May,all,Simpsons183,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing brilliant. But I recommend to use the voice chat to get the maximum fun out of it.Met a guy in the game, we let basically the others repair the car, we took the car, we yell and scream that we made it, he crashed the car, Jason is coming, the engine wont turn on, we are screaming and yelling even louder, engine turned on and we are driving into our freedom.10/10 would steal a car and made a new friend to survive again"
,Not Recommended,438740,32000068,Posted: 27 May,all,Hooj,Fun game. Too buggy and toxic developers
,Not Recommended,438740,32031196,Posted: 28 May,all,✨❄-☃-Frost-☃-❄✨,This game is fixed. £29.99.
,Not Recommended,438740,32005780,Posted: 27 May,all,one and done,"The devs ban people for ""harassing"" their friends, when asked for proof, the cowards went quiet real quick.The game is buggy. Many people couldn't even play the game at all for the first week.Never buying from this horrible company again."
,Not Recommended,438740,31968153,Posted: 26 May,all,Jeb Bush,"This game is ok, its super boring, repetive, unfair, and laggy as hell. What a dispointment!Score : 6/10"
,Not Recommended,438740,31965501,Posted: 25 May,all,Herbert West,"People are being banned for the slightest of things which is total crap. This game is good. The devs are honestly really, REALLY, amateur. Stay away until they fix their problem. I'm not gonna even play because of the chance that I will get a game ban on my record for playing the game."
,Not Recommended,438740,32778023,Posted: 25 June,all,Very Buttery Bread,meh.
,Recommended,438740,32141189,Posted: 2 June,all,ItzzzMeJosh,"Overall, this is a great game. I have been playing it nonstop! The only issue is that my game crashes a lot. That is why I rate this game down. There have been games where I was doing really well, and the game crashes. If this issue is fixed in the future, I will definitely rate this game up :) PLZ FIX THISUpdate- Thar be no more crashing! Thumbs up."
,Not Recommended,438740,32023008,Posted: 28 May,all,A wild Solo,"The game is a massive cluster♥♥♥♥ at this point.They put in a report system and they ban people for calling names (which you can hear practically anywhere).They made an OP Backer Savini Jason ""skin"" by the way.There's also a lot of gamebreaking bugs and exploits. You can block the barn with the car and Jason couldn't even reach you,or a counselor dies with a fuse for the phone box that you can fix to call the police but it's glitched to the ground and you can't pick it up.Counselors can also leave when Jason is killing you,leaving him without benefit.You also have to wait a lot of time until the game ends so you can get EXP. By the way,the perk roll system is completely RNG so you can roll 500 perks and not get anything useful or roll 5 perks and they are all good.Some perks are useless and don't even work. Grease monkey,a perk that is supposed to let the car start faster actually does the opposite. Perks like Sneaky,Heavy mover that let you do some actiosn faster still freeze you in the animation so there's no difference whatsoever."
,Not Recommended,438740,31980155,Posted: 26 May,all,hegewaldd,"Buggy as ♥♥♥♥, and the game still has multiple issues from the beta in the full launch. While there are fun moments, it is ruined by stupid litttle things either in the mechanic or game itself. You have to spectate when you die, even if you die 5 minutes into the game, if you want to get your points. Players leave when they don't get Jason. Players also constantly team up with Jason to kill other survivors. You can kill Tommy before he is playable. Combat is INSANELY bad in this game. There is a 50/50 chance you'll hit a couch behind you if you fail to lock on. When Jason and a survivor swing at eachother, it is a 50/50 chance who wins. Jasons grab range is also complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. He can grab you from roughly 6-9 feet away. oh, and did i mention the car driving? The car mechanics in here have really awful feedback, and often time the car bugs to the point where it is unplayable. I've literally encoutered more bugs in 81 hours of gameplay than ANY other game i've ever played. Is it still new? Yes, but these issues should've been tested in the beta. The fact that this game has such bad mechanics saddens me, because i tried to like it. I do enjoy playing it, because it is pretty fun with friends. But again, this game has a lot, a lot, of problems.Do i recommend it? No. Do not buy it until these developers can get a grasp on how buggy their game really is.Update: Just had a Jason grab me from across the road. lol. fun gameEDIT: LOL. Apparently the devs are banning people who are trash talking jason helpers. You're ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ devs. Why don't you get something better to do you? At least fix your ♥♥♥♥ing game. Banning someone who paid $40 for this just because you can't fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥ LMAO"
76561198035780094,Recommended,438740,32135828,Posted: 2 June,all,Ash,"This game is awesome, the controls are not the best and it can be glitchy at times. They have fixed a lot of the bugs people are complaining about. I don't like that you cannot change the keyboard binds, I cannot stand using WASD for movement in any game, but I swithed to a controller and enjoy it better.Everyone ♥♥♥♥♥ing about the Toxic community or lobbies, WELCOME TO THE INTERNETSZ. This is common everywhere, don't blame the GAME. Humans are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, get over it.  Guess what? Don't like the lobby full of idiot Russians or Kids?...LEAVE, find a new lobby. There are plenty of lobbies with adults or people that actually want to play the game for what it is.Single player will be awesome, I really doubt it will be out this summer though, one can hope... I have had a lot of fun playing this game and will keep playing."
,Not Recommended,438740,31965597,Posted: 25 May,all,Dr. Dope,"in this game my mom actually appreciates me32/4Edit: In all seriousness though this game has quite a bit of bugs, for example not being able to join others' games. There is also the problem of Jason being deemed too overpowered. But every game at launch has their own problems that eventually get fixed, so this game is no different and should be given a try.Edit 2: Alright, I wish steam added a mixed review, like you don't recommend it and you're not against it either. I'm just going to go ahead and put it on not recommended. I love this game, I really do. But imho the short amount of content this game offers should make this game $30 at most. Add the amount of bugs and glitches in this game, and that should make this game $20. One problem with this game is Jason's grab range. Yes, Jason is supposed to be OP. But has it ever been shown in the movies for him to grab from 50 feet away? I don't recall. People say it's the lag issues that make Jason grab from a far range, but I don't think so. People with good ping have tested it out and boy does he still manage to get that 50 foot grab. On one of the maps (Packanack I think) you can still manage to glitch out of the map. These are just some of the problems of this game, I recommend you save your money until they ATLEAST patch most of the ♥♥♥♥ing glitches and add more content. I understand they patched some of the more game breaking glitches, but these should've been patched before game release. It makes me feel like I'm playing an early access title."
76561197990087355,Not Recommended,438740,32030577,Posted: 28 May,all,Esarraf,"This is a game that could have been good if the developers were not morons. They desigend the game where its totally fine that Jason can go invisible, faster than you, then instantly kill you without any way to counter this. They also thought having traps that can only be disarmed by a single use rare item is a good idea. Do not get this game its trash. Also you can get banned for no reason. Just a heads up."
76561198140601761,Not Recommended,438740,31975715,Posted: 26 May,all,⛧devilsgunner⛧,i payed $40.00 for the game and if i see a ban on my account you bet your life i will make the devs lifes a living hell i know to people that got banned from the game for no reason dirty devs
,Not Recommended,438740,32280109,Posted: 8 June,all,Spooky,"Really fun game worth the moneysthe majority of the community is friendly and there are many memes to be had in this somewhat glitchy but gem of a gamemany different jasons to fit your playstylerandomly rolled perks to enhance survivors3 maps, though they look similairmany ways to debowel survivors as the mamas boy himselfgood public matches as well as good opportunitys to work togetherwould recommendEdit: Seeing all this stuff about how you get permabanned for talking♥♥♥♥♥♥and insulting the wrong people, Its really hard to recommned this game now. Wait to purchase until the devs apologize for this and stop permabanning people on a game with only multiplayer."
76561198044444394,Not Recommended,438740,32004431,Posted: 27 May,all,Dirtydiggler,"I'm changing my review from postive to negative in light of the development team. This is a decent game released by an amateur development team that hasn't got a clue as to what its doing.They released an OP version of Jason to early backers of the game that is not simply a skin, its a OP version of Jason which happens to be now locked away from everyone that didn't back the game. This may not be pay to win because people didn't intend to pay to win, but its certainly back to win.The development team has blundered the game since release, they show favoritism towards streamers, and will ban people who their friends dislike even though their friends break the same rules they are banning people for.They have ninja nerfed counselor skills while leaving in place bugs, OP jason skills ect. They don't communicate and expect you to follow their twitter if you expect any kind of communication.Its a shame such an epic title is delievered to us by a development team that is such a failure. This in all honestly will be their last game because no one is going to buy anything from them again at this point.I have put in over 120+ hours into the game and I generally enjoy the game, orginally giving it a good review, but the development team is just god awful.The state of bugs and glitches is bad with a dev team that seems incappable of fixing them. They are to concerned with banning people then fixing the game.BOYCOTT THIS GAME"
,Not Recommended,438740,32014682,Posted: 28 May,all,Walkerzed™,Very shady business practices! Abuse of power and never listens to the community! Play DBD instead!
76561198024956875,Recommended,438740,32531847,Posted: 18 June,all,Snefi,"I've been playing this game for a while now and I need to say, it makes a lot of fun. It's very different than Dead by Daylight! The bugs aren't that bad anymore than at the start, it'll get better and better. You're starting in a random place where you need to find different objects to repair a car, a boat, a phone fuse box to call the police or you need to survive 20 minutes. Meanwhile as Jason it's a lot of fun too, you can decide your spawn preference as a counselor or as jason but mostly it's a random spawning. Both makes fun.The bad reviews made me write my first review about a game. Because the bad reviews don't justify the game.I really recommend this game, espacilly when you want a game to play with your friends. If not, you will sure find friends in game."
,Not Recommended,438740,32003841,Posted: 27 May,all,InfiniZoid,Games dead lol♥♥♥♥♥♥devs
76561198011063500,Not Recommended,438740,31977496,Posted: 26 May,all,FruitBat Man,"After about 2 months, I am changing my review... I don't think it's a BAD game... It's just getting better.  I would give it a neutral review if I could... about a 5/10.-Bugs.  The game has a lot of bugs.  They have fixed SOME bugs but created new ones as well.-Silent patches.  No patch notes, just a ""surprise"" your perks are changed.-PERMANENT ban for exploits while said exploits still exist (no I'm not banned I just think it's a crap move)The game is still a bit fun... despite the developers questionable decisions.  It is a small team to be fair... but for $40.00 that excuse only goes so far.  Pick it up if you can deal with growing pains, otherwise you might want to just wait til the crapstorm settles."
76561198361619715,Not Recommended,438740,32727791,Posted: 24 June,all,bb14,"when people leave when they are alive as counselors or jasons,they should get a cooldown"
76561197970980543,Recommended,438740,32024813,Posted: 28 May,all,BigBadWolf4life,Been waiting for a game like this for decades. Managed to play the Beta and loved every minute of it. The game is finally released but only managed to get an hour of actual game time the rest is trying to connect. Friday was the last time I was able to connect...still trying.....still waiting.....getting frustrated like so many others. Trying to be patient because I know this is a good game but I say wait before buying because you won't be able to play for a while yet.
,Recommended,438740,32024451,Posted: 28 May,all,Cozy Cam,"I love this game, but I hate it's bugs, Some core elements to the game (Party Mode, Rolling for Perks, Game Elements) are just completely wonky and need work."
76561198154106865,Recommended,438740,32025502,Posted: 28 May,all,ScumBagRhyz,I love the game but it has major bugs with it. I still can't even customize Jason without being in a forever loop of the game saving! Please fix this ASAP!!! Great game though!
76561198147754879,Recommended,438740,32025578,Posted: 28 May,all,Billiam630,it is truly a fun game but right now there are so many bugs. currently can't even lvl up
76561198264038494,Recommended,438740,32025604,Posted: 28 May,all,Kovic,I recommend the game because it is great. The community is awesome. The gamplay is so cool. The graphics are really good. I thinl that they represented the movies so well. The game gets repetitive because you get into a game find a group(most of the time) and probably die in the end because Jason is a bit OP. But I have never had one game alike and always have a good time. However the game has bugs which is expected because it is so new. for example some annoying bugs is it so often shows you as level zero it is hard to get perks and the fact that you can not gain xp at the moment. But if bugs are the reason your are not getting this game that reason is absolutly rediculas because they have already come out with an update to fix bugs (props to you Devs) so expect more fast updates to fix the main bugs. The game has a in game talk feature which is great but if you dont have a mic it is hard for you and your team. So take that into consideration when getting the game. You will probably have a harder time in the game without a mic than others. But in the end this game is great and worth the money. :)
76561198070463816,Recommended,438740,32025139,Posted: 28 May,all,Puggo,Just wait alittle when servers are better other than that great game
76561198014347830,Recommended,438740,32029842,Posted: 28 May,all,BluffBattalion,"I grew up watching this franchise and also played the NES game. This brings it back in a big way.Negatives-typical new release issues, servers, bugs. To be expected *shrug*Positives+Graphics+Unique kill sequences+Suspenseful situations+Team workI'm sure there's more I just wanna go play!"
76561198167743345,Recommended,438740,32029918,Posted: 28 May,all,homer3422,I personally was anticipating this game since I people were streaming the beta it looked like so much fun and I just wanted to play it. And from my opinion I can say this is a very fun game. Only with 3 hours(more to come) I always find myself laughing when I'm in game especially when multiple people have mics. Lots of laughs can be had with this game.
76561198326467354,Not Recommended,438740,32028982,Posted: 28 May,all,Silentwulf,"The gameplay is great, everything else is garbage. I have been trying to log in for days and have been unable to play. When you can play progress isn't saved. Jason is pretty brokenly overpowered with blink grab into instant death. The game would be fun if there weren't numerous issues with every platform. I can handle imbalance but I can't handle not being able to play, I have requested a refund so I guess we'll see what happens."
76561198205254859,Recommended,438740,32030670,Posted: 28 May,all,Relic,Amazing
76561198158714092,Recommended,438740,32028793,Posted: 28 May,all,XyAz,This game deserves the 40$ that I worked hard for.
76561198345623905,Recommended,438740,32032976,Posted: 28 May,all,Aeioue,suhhh dude
76561198099705347,Recommended,438740,32032882,Posted: 28 May,all,Equdox Sorrow =TEAM OCEAN$=,very fun game but i dont really play it for over a hour because doing the same thing over and over again gets kinda boring but besides that the game is really fun i highly reccomend this game
,Recommended,438740,32032927,Posted: 28 May,all,Tmmicklabs,this was done ok for a kickstarter project and super fun
76561198150462178,Recommended,438740,32032674,Posted: 28 May,all,Burmpython,Good game. they community is not bad and the game is fun. its a lot better then Dead By Daylight. But there are a couple of things I am upset about. 1) loading times! it takes forever to get into a game.2) jason is so Op3) server problems (while they are working on fixing this no one can get into a real game)they will fix all of this but it may take some time. totaly worth the $40
,Recommended,438740,31995178,Posted: 27 May,all,eu7,"I bought the game again, actually its fun. You cant think this game like DbD. You dont lose anything when you die. So that makes the game more fun. A competitive person like me is having fun in this game. Because you dont lose anything when you lose actually."
76561197977668194,Recommended,438740,32031178,Posted: 28 May,all,Digital Sauce,I think this game is worth the price! As a long time gamer I was impressed by this game. Characters have character and it's a new experience socially. A great game for streaming culture. Playing the game really gives you a sense that you're in the world of Jason Voorhees. There are currently server issues FYI.kekeke mamama
76561198056155996,Recommended,438740,32031030,Posted: 28 May,all,MGK,i cant play onlin
,Recommended,438740,32031014,Posted: 28 May,all,chrismounts,"This game is a blast. Seriously, it takes the best parts from similar styled games and twists them into something fun and different.Are there issues? Yes, of course, but that's to be expected with a HIGHLY anticipated indie game that is releasing on a HOLIDAY WEEKEND.I've had a ton of fun with my friends, made a ton of new friends, and have experienced a few of the launch bugs / glitches. I have no doubt that this will continue to be a great game to play with your friends"
,Not Recommended,438740,31991830,Posted: 27 May,all,Gabber,"Dev team came completely unprepared for launch, cannot host more than 10k people on servers... 2017... 4th day from the launch, still cannot connect into game. Good job, probably ♥♥♥♥♥iest release I've seen in years"
76561198066193737,Recommended,438740,31988308,Posted: 26 May,all,Wren,Game had a rough launch but the fun gameplay factor is there for sure.
,Recommended,438740,32024254,Posted: 28 May,all,NBroadsword,"While the $40 pricetag for this game is a bit high, you can easily spend 100 hourrs or more playing this game -- especialyl with full groups of active talkers.  The in-game voice is perfect for this type of game, allowing you to taunt Jason (or the counselors) as well as use valuable teamwork to escape.  A lot of people compare this game to Dead by Daylight, however even with the similarities, I would say this game has much more content and is a lot harder to achieve victory.If you don't like teamwork, this game is probably not for you.On a side note, yes there are bugs in this game, it isn't perfect.  Like most games the developers are working hard to iron out the wrinkles.  But this game is still heaps of fun for those looking to really RP your survival...or betrayal."
76561198095416384,Recommended,438740,32024315,Posted: 28 May,all,ZestyLemonJuice,Recomend 100%
76561197970089093,Recommended,438740,32023991,Posted: 28 May,all,Luvac Zantor,"I'm digging it. The drawbacks, noobs who don't work together."
76561198119594006,Recommended,438740,32025788,Posted: 28 May,all,jessyka,"I like this game it is fun but gets boring after a while. its nice to play with different people. I wish the games graphics were better. For such a small map and easy game play you would think the graphics would be better.Wish List::*Have more objectives, better weapons, have a special goal if you find Jason's mom's head ( like set it on fire or somthing )* Set fire to jason,* Set up boobe traps* Be able to hide from Jason completetly if certain objectives are met*sneak up on Jason*more maps that are different and not just the same map."
76561198088026666,Not Recommended,438740,32026717,Posted: 28 May,all,BloodBeard,2 days after game comes out with update looks like a forever stuck in beta game
76561198124629397,Recommended,438740,32026271,Posted: 28 May,all,DREWD13,"To start it off, I was having quite the fun with this game...one big problem thoughI cannot level up. Every time i complete a match, me xp bar stays the same at level 1 (btw ive completed/escaped for 12 rounds already and stayed at level 1)"
,Recommended,438740,31983357,Posted: 26 May,all,DitroX,"This is a game that I have been looking forward to since november last year.The game looks really nice and the gameplay works fine when you have played for some time. At this moment the developers is having a hard time, due to high traffic on the servers there are connection failures, but stay strong with them!The game has potential to be a really good game.For the first time it's actually fun to be the killer with Jason's different abilites to use, the teleport is really useful but also the vision ability.I will write a more detailed review when I have got some more experience with the game... stay tuned!The price tag 36,99 euro is a bit too steep in mean of content etc.""Jason, make mama proud!""8.5/10"
,Recommended,438740,32038152,Posted: 29 May,all,BOY,Gets a bit repetitve but it's a fun game.
,Recommended,438740,31975208,Posted: 26 May,all,Tirux,"Game finally got fixed, I can play again online.It's really fun and enjoyable, however this game unfortunately still feels like an early access one. I suggest buying this game when it's on sale, like $20 bucks or less.I will change this review when they fix the current glitches and add more content."
,Recommended,438740,32052539,Posted: 29 May,all,RealDeal,"This game is better suited to the $20 bin, not worth the price, but game runs smooth gfx wise and no real bugs, needs some balancing and it will play alot better gameplay wise, still a fun game id rate it a 6.5/10, suited to players who liked dead by daylight, basicly same game but probally more stuff to do as survivor in this one."
76561198282357495,Recommended,438740,32064878,Posted: 30 May,all,A1 Steak Sawse,Game is pretty good unlike Dead by Daylight. U find ways to escape which is a cool concept. Bad thing is has on is super op if he's a good jason.
76561197975552152,Recommended,438740,32065217,Posted: 30 May,all,Max the Grape,"Friday the 13th is a rough diamond in the rough.It really is a great game, but it certaintly needs to be cooked for a little more.If you don't mind glitchy (and hilarious) animation errors, some server issues, and (at the time of this review) a lack of content then I would say give the game a go.But it's understandable if you want to wait for some more polish or a sale, but if you are at all interested in this game I would say try to find some way to try it out.It's head-punching-offingly, groin chopping, head crushingly, chest cavity searching fun!"
76561198010573919,Recommended,438740,32034129,Posted: 28 May,all,Invader Stork,"This game is now awesome. The connection issues have been mostly fixed, and the progression system works again. The game launched horribly, but the devs are keen on resolving many issues from the vocal fanbase.If you're a horror fan, you'll adore this game. Many people seem to think that the counselors should be able to all survive easily, which is not correct. Having a couple survive is a success, and you'll likely be murdered rather than survive. I've had many amazing moments of barely getting out or of sacrificing myself to let others escape.This is a horror movie as a game, and it's like nothing else. You can play a role in a team, or even come back as Tommy Jarvis and fight Jason to help others. You can help your team, or play the one wolf, whatever, the goal is to TRY to survive and last as long as possible while slowing down the rampaging Jason- it isn't guaranteed and people cannot handle that it seems.And it's awesome, really, it is. Dying is a blast and that's hardly the case in any game."
76561198127169066,Recommended,438740,32006065,Posted: 27 May,all,Daddy Dwight,Game is super fun!
76561198160042357,Recommended,438740,32048482,Posted: 29 May,all,leftshark51,Whlie a fun game i d overy wish that the virtual cabin and other jason character should be avalible with the purchase the game. but overall still a very fun game.
,Recommended,438740,31986162,Posted: 26 May,all,GBowTheKing,"THANK YOU! Seems like the issues have finally been solved, I got into the game almost instantly and haven't experienced any issues while playing. Smooth as butter, no dc and little to no animation bugs. I knew I would enjoy the game once I was able to play it. Ty F13 Team!"
76561198310589340,Recommended,438740,32013679,Posted: 28 May,all,BahaTheTurkish,Great game♥♥♥♥♥♥servers I am giving bad review now so people will have a heads up. I dont want another ♥♥♥♥♥♥ server game again (for honor).EDIT: THEY HAVE FIXED THE SERVERS. IT WORKS LIKE A CHARM! I know guys jason is op but he is supposed to be. I DO NOT THINK he is balanced yet though but devs are willing to work and listen to their people. They are very active on Discord and Twitter. I have high hopes for this game because devs are reachable and community in the discord is great! I hope you will buy this game if you like tagging kind of games( DbD). You might have a hard time at first but it gets better with communication in game because people start to talk which makes it 10 times more fun!
76561197977619350,Recommended,438740,31988294,Posted: 26 May,all,Wispy,Devs are working hard to fix the initial issues. Shaping up to be a good game.
,Recommended,438740,32047838,Posted: 29 May,all,Kneegan,"Despite server issuses and ping, the gameplay is acutally really fun and is tough as counslers but its a good challenge if you work together"
76561198071724729,Recommended,438740,31987842,Posted: 26 May,all,Nongratum,doot
,Recommended,438740,32058031,Posted: 30 May,all,tsuki trpys,"this game is super intense i havent played as jason yet but being a survivor im always paying attention to the littlest things, and being a super fan of the movies this game is a pretty accurate game, and runs suprisingly well alot better than i thought it did. I was super hyped to get this game when i first heard about it i think last year and glad i can finally play it, definetley will keep me entertained for awhile, and hope dlc or something comes around so this game doesnt die as fast as dead by daylight did which is the only game i can compare this too- Jasons teleport needs nerfed i think it does seem a bit unfair at certain times- love the teamwork and how friendly people have been its really nice- overall 9/10(havent had any lag issues yet)"
76561198182613105,Recommended,438740,31987686,Posted: 26 May,all,E H H H H,really good game really recomend
,Not Recommended,438740,32023338,Posted: 28 May,all,Negronomicon,"Honestly a pretty fun game.  I remember a good year or 2 ago when I first saw it it looked liked a complete piece of trash, but it has come a long ways and is actually quite a fun game.  BRING A MIC, voice chat is pretty crucial in this game and there is no text chat.  On top of that it's also very entertaining as it's proximity based and a lot of players actually seem to use it instead of discord or other programs to chat.  Plus it allows Jason to taunt you in voice!  This can make matches either creepy or pretty damn funny depending on just who's playing via voice alone.Some of the server issues have been cleaned up and you can at the very least play the game now.  There are some issues that crop up related to servers like sometimes temporarily setting your level to 0 or being unable to buy perks, but you can still play the game reliably now and those other server issues are important fixes on their list.The main issue when it comes to gameplay is Jason is a bit too strong.  Now I understand why, and if you look at the methods of escape in the game it really is tailored towards Jason killing 3 or 4 people at least.  You shouldn't expect to survive too often, and that's fine it fits in with the movies.  However the game is at its best when Jason is stalking you and always near but you're able to just barely stay alive having JUST enough stamina to make it or placing a trap and running, or getting that baseball bat swing to stun him and running for your life.  The main issue is his Shift move into his grab, and let me explain.His shift move puts Jason into first person and he moves forward rapidly and entirely invisible.  You can attack or grab directly out of this at any point.  The issue with this being that the move comes off of cooldown fairly quickly (And some of the jasons can get it back even faster), and that while the survivors get a sort of VHS tape error effect on their screen and audio cue when it happens it's almost impossible to avoid against a decent Jason.  Your only hope, especially if you are out in the open, is to zig zag and run back or do a circle or just any sort of move and just pray you avoid it.  Generally Jason will grab you and unless you have a pocket knife you are done for, whether you have 1 composure or 10 composure you really aren't breaking out of that grab if he just wants to kill you.  It takes Jason about a second or 2 to activate his kills that he can do anywhere on the map and it is impossible to escape that no matter what your stats are in time.  He will shift towards you, come out of it and grab and then start the kill animation (Which can NOT be interrupted so once it happens anyone near you can't simple try to hit Jason off), instantly killing you.  Of course he could come out swinging as well but then you may be able to swing at him or toss fire crackers to stun him or something akin to that.  This move almost cheapens the game and has no real counterplay where as, at least, everything else feels like it has SOME kind of counterplay, even if of course you are always at a disadvantage.Another issue I have is I feel the survivors should have a 10 or 15 second head start from Jason.  I've already encountered several games where I had barely taken any steps and Jason used his map teleport and dropped right next to me, effectively either killing me instantly or eventually as I have nothing to effectively combat him or distract him or stop his grabs.  It does help to just crouch down INSTANTLY and slowly move towards the nearest building, but if you spawned near other survivors and they start sprinting then you might be screwed as they will draw attention.Overall the game truly has potential to be AMAZING, though the price tag is still pretty steep right now.  It has planned future content for free (Notably a singleplayer campaign type mode), but right at this moment you have 3 maps to muck about in multiplayer with.  Watch a few streams of the game to see if it's REALLY up your alley as it's different and the closest game would be Dead by Daylight.  If anything wait for a sale for the game to be more worth the asking price of admission, or if you just want to try it then buy it and use the Steam refund system after 3 or 4 matches to see if it's really your cup of tea or not.Edit:  Changing my review to negative due to the Savini Jason situation.  I don't care about the counselor skins, I do care about a different playable character that has his own stats and is arguably the best one."
76561198051076137,Not Recommended,438740,31980034,Posted: 26 May,all,whipivy,"My initial review I was working from the understanding that single player would be available on release. I learned since that this is not true. At first I had the connection issue that many had. Since they bounced their servers I haven't had any issues connecting so far.This leaves my only gripes to what everyone else seems to be bothered by, few maps, player control is bulky, inability to remap key bindings, etc.Other than for one exception I think the graphics are decent really. That exception would be rendering hair. I'm seeing a strange effect where the hair is rendered as a long stream across the particles. It only happens in certain situations.I think the developers could be a little more clear on when the single player portion would be available. Every time they talk about single player they really should mention that it wouldn't be available initially. But honestly, having played it so far releasing single player later might be moot.I don't recommend the game purely on one thing, the morphing ability of Jason; it's stupid. None of the Jasons in any of the movies morphed or teleported anywhere he simply stalked people which is a skill. Go spend your money on something else, this game as it stands isn't worth the money."
,Recommended,438740,32066965,Posted: 30 May,all,Im A White Guy,"People do say it is not worth the 40$, but neither is that fast food you have had for the 3rd time this week. SPend your money as you please and know that if you are a fan of the series in anyway, it is 100% worth the purchase. It may have little content but it is also in its early stages of full release. Give it time and it will shine. Only con is it took me over 3 hours of play time to be jason a single time with my preference set to play as jason."
76561198024430283,Recommended,438740,32067103,Posted: 30 May,all,Crispy,"Awesome game i like it better then dead by daylight since you have more the just one way to escape jason as a survivor, you can fight back if you really need too , and the maps are a huge... reviews are goin down cuz the launch wasn t so great , servers are giving ppl trouble with the gameplay... but if your reading this , i ve been  cheking news on this since day one and the dev are really wrking hard on the fix ... in fact ive been playin with not problems at so far."
,Recommended,438740,31965624,Posted: 25 May,all,HDoomGuy,"Tons of fun so far. Very true to the films and well-paced, lots of room for player creativity when it comes to escaping as counselors or hunting down campers as Jason.Game unlocks skills and abilities for Jason as the match extends to up the stakes and increase maneuverability and hunting abilities. This gives Campers a bit of time to regroup, plan out, and find items they need to escape or survive before Jason's abilities unlock one by one and allow him to more effectively hunt them down.While it still has some rough spots here and there, it's overall a well thought out game and I highly recommend it for anyone looking for a real slasher-movie style of game."
,Recommended,438740,31965682,Posted: 25 May,all,Blythe90,"Great game, but be warned that currently the multiplayer is broken so that you can't join matches as a party, you have to queue at the same time and hope to get into the same lobby.There are also not a lot of maps, and the 3 that they do have are very similar. There's also no competive mode.With all that said, it's a great time. It's less about competition, and more about gore, with far more of an overpowered killer than Dead By Daylight has.Overall, play this with friends to have a good time, play Dead By Daylight to play competitive. Both are great games.I will say though, the $40 price tag... I don't know where that comes from, but they did promise a single player campaign, so maybe that? It is steep, but if you like Dead By Daylight and can afford it, try it out."
76561198147208918,Recommended,438740,31965602,Posted: 25 May,all,Crwn_G,"Amazing graphics,gameplay is fun and a unique experience love it"
,Recommended,438740,31965735,Posted: 25 May,all,sayrest44,Just what fans wanted
76561198145493318,Recommended,438740,31964877,Posted: 25 May,all,†Lexa†,Love The Game
76561197980713507,Recommended,438740,31966060,Posted: 25 May,all,D@rkse!D,love it
76561198044766036,Recommended,438740,33044725,Posted: 30 June,all,StevenA09,"This game is so fun, with friends this is probably the most entertaining game to date for me. The ability to be able to communicate with other players including Jason makes for so many strange and funny moments and that for me makes the game."
,Recommended,438740,33039439,Posted: 30 June,all,SyndicateID,"Not worth IDR 259.000, but definitely not a bad game. Best played with friends. Can get annoying to play with randoms, especially people who blast music over their mics or flip♥♥♥♥♥♥over the dumbest things. I would definitely buy it on sale!"
76561198382010296,Recommended,438740,33156717,Posted: 2 July,all,DreamyNeon,"FANTASTIC survival horror game, with excellent multiplayer action. Although I wish I could view in first person and reset key bindings, even without those parts this is a great game to play with friends :)"
76561198008621631,Recommended,438740,33156351,Posted: 2 July,all,AbnormallyCurvedBanana,if your a fan of friday the 13th you will love this
,Recommended,438740,32992699,Posted: 29 June,all,Stickzz,"For some reason this game is 20$ in my country (999 PHP)It is absolutely worth it, extremely fun gameplay and each character is unique and you can roll to get some perks. Jason isnt really OP unless the player is REALLY good as playing him, it all depends on teammates. Game is a bit glitchy and buggy but the devs are working on it.R E C O M M E N D E D!"
76561198256432169,Recommended,438740,32978180,Posted: 29 June,all,Shadow,10/10 would kill my friends again.
,Recommended,438740,32979627,Posted: 29 June,all,ZoldaBeazt,make sure play with your friend you have a fun time
,Recommended,438740,33032659,Posted: 30 June,all,R3K7em ♌,"So I think the game is pretty fun to play, specially if you play with your friends and if you don't have friends - don't worry I may find some in the game. If you going to buy the game be prepared to wait alot ( depends on your style if play ). If you rush Jason or if you're unlucky enough for Jason to warp next to you and kill you first - you are good to go ( you can leave and only thing you lose are 500 XP that you will get if you stay to the of the game ). But if you escape like in the first 5 min of the game, you must wait for the whole game to get the XP from the escape ( I'm not saying that there's anythink wrong with this ~ but you willl have to wait alot in this game ). Overall I think the game is well maded and there is XP system which is allways fun.PROS:Push ot talk ( alot of russians to play/♥♥♥♥ with ~ almost like CS:GO )Good/Nice GraphicsBig mapA lot of spawn options and dynamic housesA lot of weapons choiceFast matchmakingPerksOther...CONS:The chance to play Jason is rare.The maps have some bugs ( I hope this will be fixed in the feature ).Jason can play traps next to the Phone Box and to Vehicles and the Boat ~ which makes the game even more harder to almost impossible.You can't change the Keyboard Binds ~ which for a game that came out in 2017 isn't normal.The Achievements system is buged ( I hope this will be fixed in the feature )."
76561198399422283,Recommended,438740,33030745,Posted: 30 June,all,TheBlindMonk,Great game but my game keep crashing idk why any idea ? :(((i just bought it yesterday
76561198386907926,Recommended,438740,33033925,Posted: 30 June,all,Alshina,"Positive:This game is super addicting and fun. As a counselor, there is various ways you can win and you really need to communicate with the other players to actually progress quickly. I don't play Jason very much, just a personal preference. I do know that if you enjoy killing everyone in the most brutal way possible in a game, then you will enjoy being him. There's plenty of customization as well. From different counselors and Jasons, to perks and executions.Negative:First of all, for this game's price...this game is really glitchy and buggy. Animations aren't really that smooth and interacting with objects is pretty awkward. Nothing really game breaking though. The community is pretty nice most of the time but you will definitely meet players who are friends and are plotting to kill everyone, especially if one of them is Jason. There are server issues as well (minor), so keep that in mind.Conclusion:Overall, this game is fun and I definitely recommend it. As for the bugs and issues, the devs said they are working on it so let's just wait for the patches. Future content will be added according to the devs so this game has a lot of potential to grow. If you can wait, buy this game when it's on sale. If you can't, like me, then that's fine too."
,Recommended,438740,32001136,Posted: 27 May,all,I got a jar of Dirt,"I Highly Reccomend this game. The whole game is a Dead By Daylight like experience yet with Jason friggin Voorheez so... ye not dead by deadlight. dead.The games variety of Councilers and Jasons are high, and have highly been anticipated for gamelike uses for years, and they sure as hell made them good. We got the Jasons from the good to the bad movies (everone be a critic). My personal Favorite being Part 8.It is extremely fun. Way to meet nice people most times. Almost always need a mic. But its a great game, the anticiipations couldve been higher cause the results sure were."
,Recommended,438740,32993993,Posted: 29 June,all,Predated,"It is a great game, but currently with quite some gamebreaking bugs.There are minor balancing issues(some people say Jason is too strong, others say the counselors can escape too easily, the only balancing issue is mostly related on specific perks and versions of jason)I suggest waiting untill after the next patch, but if you buy it before that, I wouldnt call it a waste."
76561198313668398,Recommended,438740,33029528,Posted: 30 June,all,tatkvnc,that game have realy a many buggs pls fix this
,Recommended,438740,33029106,Posted: 30 June,all,.sTEVEEE/K/ #TeamGrimmie,cool game :D
76561198012099114,Not Recommended,438740,32039055,Posted: 29 May,all,Alpha,"Horrible interface, terrible bug, very low quality server, ♥♥♥♥ing perk system. unbelievable cost this is big♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,438740,33044484,Posted: 30 June,all,ProjectXion,"If you don't mind the price of the game, this game is actually really fun. it gets my blood pumping"
,Not Recommended,438740,33043812,Posted: 30 June,all,https://goo.gl/FbpJKi,"it's not a good game for money it would be ok if it were free for a single playthrough then move on, but, I'm not sure if it's this specific game or a new steam policy but I managed to refund it three times so that's cool if I can keep getting refunds I'd keep trying after updates with this and more games"
76561198007263489,Recommended,438740,33046425,Posted: 30 June,all,Kaveman,"First review out of the 50+ game titles I have on steam.While the game started off very buggy (like most games do at launch) the devs have worked tirelessly to bring us the game we have all been waiting for. Friday the 13th delivers on so many levels.Most games will be you and 6 other counselors against a very minicing Jason. If you have EVER WATCED a Friday the 13th movie, then you pretty much know how it will play out. As a Counselor your job is to work with the others to find items to help you escape whether that be by car, boat, or calling the Cops. Jason is a supernatural Phenom and an unstoppable killer. He has more kills in his movies then either Freddy or Mike so expect to die... A lot (and it's pretty fun too).Jason begins the game weak, however, the longer it takes you and your fellow counselors to work together to escape, the stronger he becomes, like in the movies, he slowly begins to add to his kill count and trust me it only grows from there. With each counselors death,  your chances of survival deminish (as it should). Jason has special abilities which can make him seem over powered but I win more games as a counselor then I do as Jason, of course this being if you are playing with anyone who has a decent amount of skill and knowledge of survival games.Each counselor is unique and you need to play to their specific strengths. You also earn in game currency to unlock perks to boost your counselor or finishers to add some spice to your Jason (there are 8 playable, 9 if you donated). If you think you are going to take Jason 1v1, wrong! I promise everyone else is going to point at your dead body as they run by and call you an ******* (insert your favorite diss here). The game's strength relies on numbers and co-op. The better you work together, the better chance of survival.The game isn't complete, there will be a Single Player Story Mode along with a Single Player bot local game. More maps will come down the line but as of right now 3 are available. While visually this can become stagnant, starting positions and items are all randomized. I'm sure DLC will be on the horizon too but that is the trend of all modern games now, so really no need to ♥♥♥♥♥ here unless you haven't bought a PC game since 2005 or not into Multiplayer only games, which at this moment, is all it is until the later releases. So before you buy, make sure you are okay with that so the rest of us in game don't have to hear you whine.Would I recommend this game in it's current state? You're damn skippy I would! The devs behind the game have been open with us from the begining. They are some of the most vocal devs I have ever seen (I was a GM for Funcom and helped release The Secret World and everyone that has played that knows how bad our launch was), and they appreciate all the feedback. It's a team of 6 guys so try and be a little understanding before you try and ♥♥♥♥♥ about how ♥♥♥♥♥♥ they are.All in all, enjoy the game for what it is. If you're a counselor embrace that you are more than likely going to die, and die a lot, til you get a grasp of how the game plays. Even if you are the best survival horror player ever, unless you have a strong group of counselors, you're more than likely going to die. So have fun with it, I typically juke Jason for as long as I can while buying time for my fellow counselors to escape. Go out like a boss not a ♥♥♥♥♥. You can talk directly to Jason so have fun with him, once caught I always let him get a special kill as there are a ton of environmental kills he can pull off, and I have yet to die the same way twice.Final Note - Counselors have a STAMINA Gauge and a SENSE OF FEAR. Just like in real life, you can't run forever, and if Jason was real, you would be scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ if he was behind you. When Jason is near, your stamina won't fill as fast and your screen will become darker and darker to emulate absolute TERROR. There is no FEAR Gauge at this time, but trust me you don't need one. You'll know when your counselor is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ their pants because you more than likely will be doing the same.Now get out there and enjoy the mayhem. Make your deaths either meaningful or hilarious and enjoy delivering that final death blow to the counselor that has avoided you to the final moments of the game. Look forward to dying with all of you!"
76561198119173276,Recommended,438740,33022086,Posted: 29 June,all,Fr0STYY,Really good game but some updates need to come to make it more balanced otherwise it is really fun
42141416853143131,Recommended,438740,33136735,Posted: 2 July,all,GlitchHopper,"This game is really good. Its fun and really enjoyable if you are playing with friends and even if you arent. One thing that really bothers me is the price of this game. This game is early access meaning it isnt fully complete yet, it has a lot of bugs that are quite annoying and I dont think its worth the amount of money you pay for to play it. Other than that its a great game."
,Recommended,438740,32304205,Posted: 9 June,all,VenomHorror,"So this game is..funIt is fun on solo but you must work with random people there is none of that doing♥♥♥♥♥♥by yourself otherwise you are going to die for about 85% of the time.If you have friends to play with then the fun factor goes to about ten as one of you're friends as jason chasing you down as you are shouting for you're lifeHowever the fun of playing Jason and just hiding or escaping the guy is kinda cut off of the fact thatOne) There are a lot of boosters or just ""Traitors"" this make the game as a survivor kinda unplayable because you're either always gonna be stalked by Jason as you're teamates tell him where you are or you are getting hit until you are crippled and then you get killed by JasonTwo) There are so many bugs right now such as hiding in closets that cannot be broken or going under a bridge that Jason cannot go under etc again ruins the fun of the gameThree) Jason is too overpowered,Now i know it is Jason Voorhees but for ♥♥♥♥s sake if you don't escape in the first five minutes and you're teamates are being ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s then you might as well just hand yourself to himBut apart from that the game is reletively good when DLC come's out it will be worth the £26"
76561198325731030,Recommended,438740,32306141,Posted: 9 June,all,WickedSoul,This is a game that is best with a group of friends. This is a game where communication is a make or break. I also like it more than Dead by Daylight. Jason is still more powerful but you still have some fight which makes this a more satisfying game.
76561198169376345,Recommended,438740,32305712,Posted: 9 June,all,Stagg | h1z1swap.com,intense
76561198210975803,Recommended,438740,32304662,Posted: 9 June,all,Jamperl26(Jacobwgp),its more funner than dead by daylight plus you have in game voicechat with your fellow survivors
,Recommended,438740,32304658,Posted: 9 June,all,My Name is,Pretty Fun
,Recommended,438740,32283468,Posted: 8 June,all,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAaAAAA,I did not recieve this product for free.
76561198035988660,Not Recommended,438740,32011166,Posted: 27 May,all,Trickster,"It's a fun game, beats dead by daylight out of the water, the map is bigger, you can attack your killer, and your not spending your time fixing generators, a little more content than DBD.theirs a few bugs, but it was released yesterday, game is worth approx £20-£25.some people have bad net issues, hence some negative reviews which means they cant play.overall it's a fun gameIt's a repetitive game thats to be expected, jasons love their shift grabs"
76561198082002157,Recommended,438740,32377153,Posted: 12 June,all,SoxSider15,"Two things right off the bat; I'm not going to get into all of the matchmaking and leveling up issues that plagued this game at release. That stuff has been ironed out, and in my opinion is no longer relevant. Second, I pretty much never play online multiplayer, so this has been a very unique experience for me. Being a horror fan, however, I was immediately interested in this game from the time I first found out about it. I was thinking of waiting to buy it until the campaign and AI features were added, but decided to pull the trigger after watching some gameplay videos. I have been hooked, to say the least. The asymmetrical multiplayer works really well for a game like this, and aside from a few unfortunate exceptions, the other people playing are usually cooperative and quite entertaining. Once you find a character you like and figure out their nuances and how to use them to your advantage, you can become pretty competitive playing as a counselor. I went from dying every round to surviving at least half the time fairly quickly. As for playing as Jason, it's awesome as expected. As with counselors, each version of Jason has his own strengths and weaknesses, but it's pretty hard to go wrong. If you use your abilities effectively, you'll be successful. I am still looking forward to the single player features, since it will offer the chance to play as Jason whenever I feel like it, but I can honestly say that I already consider this money very well spent."
76561198199126322,Recommended,438740,32357084,Posted: 11 June,all,zanderfire99,https://gyazo.com/a1eb5d6c12e3bf4bf767e5beda7c1b83Would recommend after my issue was fixed. But was annoying after not being able to play for day but love the game otherwise. Worth the money
76561198038546766,Recommended,438740,32377256,Posted: 12 June,all,Bladelun,"Fun game! Some bugs here and there, but this game has huge potential to be something amazing I highly recommend this game. Fix those bugs and more updates please."
,Recommended,438740,32429228,Posted: 15 June,all,magentakat,"Despite a rocky start this game is seriously fun to play. Not the greatest if you spawn near say a car or the fuse box as Jason typically will go straight to those spots first to trap/check for players, but it's all luck of the draw there and otherwise the gameplay itself is generally very good. As to the $40 price tag? Honestly I would've loved it if it was on sale (and obviously it'd be a good idea to grab it during a sale if you can wait that long/have more patience than I do) but considering how much I've already played and will continue playing this it's worth it (especially once they release the single player campaign!). Also would highly suggest playing with a mic, as teamwork is essential in this game (and there's not a good way to convey information without voice chat in this) and if you're not completely sold on only using mouse and keyboard controller works well as well. Only downfall of controller is if you like to use push to talk instead of constantly having your mic on--there's not a controller button for push-to-talk but I've been able to get around this by manually muting my mic when needed and simply leaving the mic on otherwise. Overall highly recommend this game if you've enjoyed other similar type games (Dead by Daylight gets mentioned a lot, though that tends to be a lot more competitive than F13), especially if it ever goes on sale."
76561198177411153,Recommended,438740,32428910,Posted: 15 June,all,rgumusay CSGO-SKINS.COM,best online horror game
76561198300159783,Recommended,438740,32427171,Posted: 15 June,all,fathead1958™,this game is really fun and really worth it!
,Recommended,438740,32417614,Posted: 14 June,all,Road to Global #3,"Amazing game but the frames are awful. I get that this just came out but, my Graphics Card can't handle this game but it can handle GTA 5 no problem on high settings. I have a GTX 980M and Intel Core i7-4790k. I have god awful 30fps on LOW settings. I do recommend this game, but please fix the frames..."
,Recommended,438740,32408010,Posted: 14 June,all,Thanos,KI KI KI!!!MA MA MA!!!It's a BLAST!
76561198054678313,Not Recommended,438740,32405381,Posted: 14 June,all,Roadman Shaq,"At it's current state, not a good game.Like 90% of the community does not seem to have a mic, and when they do it's fun.If you're gonna pay the 39 dollars get it with friends otherwise playing alone won't be that fun."
,Recommended,438740,32424978,Posted: 14 June,all,DragonMaster576,After i bought this game i was so happy because the friday the 13th movies are really awsome so when i played the game i really felt like i was in the movie and this is just a really fun game.
76561198192693415,Recommended,438740,32351201,Posted: 11 June,all,Verne,cannot remap keys..but worth it
76561198047681811,Recommended,438740,32423446,Posted: 14 June,all,Matt,I just downloaded this game recently and it's a pretty good game only problem I had was with the perk screen where you buy perks twice I got charged for perks I never received and now strangly I have negative so im kinda confused on that....
76561198053770478,Recommended,438740,32423183,Posted: 14 June,all,littleCT,"As of 6/14/17, I have played about 6-7 hours of this game, I recieved the product on 6/12/17. This game is extraordinarily fun. While it's true that there isn't too much variation among gameplay (finding the fuse, calling Tommy, repairing the cars/boat), the game itself has a strong replayability value. I do recommend having friends who also purchase this product, as sometimes people on quick play aren't exactly the most talkative or interactive. Despite my personal enjoyment with the game, I will say that the game contains multiple bugs which hinder the games potential to be fully functional and fun. Such bugs include but are not limited to:-Attempting to shoot Jason but instead murdering a fellow teammate who was in Jason's grip or behind Jason. This is probably the most common bug I've witnessed, and it can be quite frustrating when one loses XP due to unnecessary collateral damage.-Attempting to call the police but having the animation freeze, ultimately glitching out a potential escape route. This bug and others that disrupt potential escape oppurtunities are probably the worst ones for the game. Jason himself is already overpowered (which i personally agree with the fact that he should be), but having bugs which destroy any oppurtunity of a counselour to win is only unfairly adding the one Jason character-At some moments, when carrying an important item like the gas canister or the battery, one cannot escape out certain windows due to bear traps. In a game I played recently, I couldn't escape Jason because the window button wouldn't show up and I was stuck in a cycle of picking up the bear trap and picking up the battery. I'd suggest improving on-screen button interaction in order to prevent this.TL:DR-This game is ultimately a fun experience (which is amplified by party play) that has certain bugs that don't ruin the experience, but definitely decrease the functionality of certain crucial game mechanics."
76561198065945587,Recommended,438740,31966659,Posted: 25 May,all,(IG) AC* VeNoM,The Game is good but skills still need some work . Jason is way over powered and to many people just camp the cars and boat when playing as Jason.The game is not worth $40 it should be a $20 game there is not much to it . I would say just wait for a steam sale to get the game .Great ay to waste time but this game needs alot more work . Fix Jason teleport and needs a longer cool down for jumping any where on the map but I still like the game just could be a lot better.
,Recommended,438740,31966576,Posted: 25 May,all,RecursiveFault,"There is a large learning curve to this game, you may feel that Jason is overpowered for awhile, and you may feel that the conselors always get away for awhile-- but I've found the more you learn, the closer your matches and the more amazing moments happen.It's like Dead by Daylight, but not terrible."
,Recommended,438740,31966590,Posted: 25 May,all,Bane,Very Nice!
76561198006521107,Recommended,438740,31966291,Posted: 25 May,all,Pope,"Great fun so far, Can't wait to try some of the other characters."
,Recommended,438740,31966346,Posted: 25 May,all,Deez Nux,I personally find it fun. $40 is a bit steep but I've been bored as of late so that justifies it.
,Recommended,438740,31966351,Posted: 25 May,all,Veridis Quo,"Awesome game. Really got the atmosphere and the music right. Well done Gun Media! Game is well optimised but still could use a little tweaks on the animations. Tons of unlockables for both counselors and Jason, so it's gonna take awhile to get everything. And each counselors plays quite differently as they have different stats.Jason might be OP, but it's all about survival and teamwork when playing this game. Please make sure you have a mic if you're planning to buy this, cause it helps a lot to communicate with other players.Really good game. I'll give it a thumbs up because of how scary it is to play as the counselors and fun to play as Jason.Total : 8/10"
,Recommended,438740,31966356,Posted: 25 May,all,1402News,It's very laggy for me because my PC sucks. But it still runs OK. Very fun.
76561198007218084,Recommended,438740,31966033,Posted: 25 May,all,ToastedHoagie,"I've only played one round so far and I'm loving the game, I had no problems finding a match and it was intense. As soon as I got control of my character I snuck into a cabin, fortified the doors, nabbed a machete and then hid in a closet. Someone alerted the cops so I waited in my hidey hole for the timer to go down, during which I know Jason was nearby since I could hear his music. And at one point I heard screams and some sickening crunches after a counsler with a shotgun snuck in through the nearby window and left after looting. Snuck out the window when I thought it was safe, snuck to the road and kept that up until I got near the cops the I bolted to safety. Only one other guy survived, and my position was almost gave away by getting scared from seeing the dead shotgun counsler.My only point of contention with the game is having to unlock so much, with many of the cooler Jasons being level locked. Which is okay I guess, I nearly hit level 3 from just one game so it shouldn't take long to unlock stuff.Overall, I'm loving the game, I have yet to encounter any bugs and I intend to play it a great deal more. Totally reccomend."
,Recommended,438740,31983450,Posted: 26 May,all,Lt Puncake,"I would like to take the time and leave a review for those considering to purchase this game. I wish to start of saying the game is very cleanly made and designed. Friday the 13th is full of fun, however I would not say that it is worth $39.99. I would honestly say it is worth $15-20. The game is nothing very special, just different. The developers of this game definitely need to add and/or upgrade features in this game if they wish for it to be worth $39.99 legitimately, otherwise it feels like I have been swindled again by a game."
76561198037167119,Recommended,438740,31982376,Posted: 26 May,all,LeaderOfTheALTLEFT,It's fun just need to fix servers and do a couple of small updates. Jason is not OP....Jason should be OP. His Jason!!!!
,Recommended,438740,31982406,Posted: 26 May,all,rcox,"One of the funniest, most purely enjoyable games I've ever played. I've roared with laughter every round. It's easily worth £30, and more. Treat yoself."
,Not Recommended,438740,31965579,Posted: 25 May,all,Pickle55,"Solution for those who cant que with friends.Start in a party, have the leader join, after it says it encounters an error for all party members send a steam invite manually through the overlay/ingame.Overall lack of testing and polishing on multiplayer for a game this long in development is unacceptable and will be leaving 'not recommended' until matchmaking is fixed.Just because you dont have the matching glitch dont downvote so people can at least work around the trash steam integration. A game built around social interaction withoout the ability to consistenly and properly que with friends is unacceptable for $800k funding."
76561198065165564,Recommended,438740,32035732,Posted: 28 May,all,Comic Dubly,This game is amazing it would be really cool if they added a Freddy Krueger vs Jason DLC
,Recommended,438740,32036240,Posted: 28 May,all,Dick Kickem,"I think this is a very fun game with enough gameplay for at least 50+ hours (if you like the concept and grinding for unlockables). However, at the price point of 40 dollars it is definately a stretch. I feel like I will get my money out of the game because i love playing it and have not even started to get bored. If you really want it i recommend you buy it. If you think it might be fun wait for it to go on sale."
,Recommended,438740,32036268,Posted: 28 May,all,WhiteWolf,"A lot of people are ♥♥♥♥♥ing because an indie developer bit off more than they can chew, and they're trying to fix it.  Just not fast enough for the whiners.  A lot of people are ♥♥♥♥♥ing because they're Dead By Daylight fanboys and want to destroy the only other game in their genre, hoping it'll send all the F13 players to DbD (it won't).Me?  I like F13.  Sure, there's some issues, I accept it's part of a Launch.  I've heard the same ♥♥♥♥♥ing from WoW players when a new expansion comes out, and that's with a multimillion dollar company doing that's done it numerous times.  Bugs happen in Launch week.  Servers get slammed, far more than the developers expected.  I was actually playing with no issues when Steam was the only platform. As soon as PS4 and XBone came online, that's when the problems started.But how many people saw the Streamers playing during their 48 hour Early Access and decided ""Hey, I wanna play this!"" and bought it?   I know I did.A lot of people are whining because they didn't back the game on KickStarter, so they don't get the Backer exclusive Jason.  I didn't.  And I don't particularily mind.But hey, let's get to the review.Friday the 13th: The Game is a 1v7 Horror thriller game set in third person over the shoulder.  It's designed to mimic what you've seen in horror movies.  To this end, Jason gets 2 movement abilities; Morph, and Shift.  Morph pulls up the map and lets him teleport nearby where he indicates.  It seems to be a random location within a radius of where you want.  Sometimes you appear where you wanted, sometimes you're about 20 feet away.Shift causes Jason to disappear and rocket forward where the camera is facing while Shift is active.  You can't slow it down, you can't strafe during it, but you can cancel it early.These two abilities are the ones that replicate the killer walking, the victim running, then the killer popping out from around a corner.  Or the victim stops, having evader their persuer...they look one way, they look the other, then the camera pans over and the killer is standing right next to them.A lot of people don't get seem to understand this.  They just call it overpowered bull droppings.Jason also gets Sense, which lets him detect fear in the counselors, causing them to glow red for him.  If a cabin is occupied, it will also appear red, but Jason can't detect WHERE in the cabin his prey is hiding.The fourth active ability is Stalk.  Normally, when Jason is getting closer to a counselor, no matter which one is moving, the counselor will hear intense music, growing as the distance shrinks.   Stalk turns it off, allowing Jason to get the drop on someone.  Ideally, it'd be great to wait in place hunting someone, but that's just not feasble, really.All together, these make Jason something to truly be feared.  As a counselor, it's likely you're going to die, unless everything goes right for you.  But isn't the point of a horror game to be scared?  You're in a cabin, looking for anything to help you; the car keys, a pocket knife, a weapon....and suddenly you hear the intense music.  You see Jason through a window, and he's heading straight towards you.  You can try to escape, and maybe you will.  Maybe you'll encounter another counselor, and together you can stun Jason and get a bit more distance.Maybe you decide to be a hero, and lure Jason away from the weaker, slower counselor who is better at repairing the phone so they can call the police.  Sacrifice yourself, so others get a better chance to escape.TL:DR;  Have I had bugs? Yes.  But I've also had a fair bit of fun, both as Jason, and as one of his victims.I feel $40 is worth it for the game.  Go watch YouTube videos and Livestreams, see for yourself if you think you'd like it.Just remember.. Indie developer, and Launch week."
,Recommended,438740,31975874,Posted: 26 May,all,Ion,Good Game
,Not Recommended,438740,32026370,Posted: 28 May,all,Taleson,"This game is going to be great, bur for now there are too many issues. With server issues, to leveling issues, too much is promised but not delivered. I will be returning to it after a while, but it needs work before I can justify the price."
,Recommended,438740,32026383,Posted: 28 May,all,Borrowing Kellzebub's Machine,"This is a lot of fun with or without friends. I've been having a lot of fun with it and haven't tired of it yet.Is $40 too much? I'm not sure. To me personally, it is not. I know this can be fun far down the line and something I would like to come back to after a hiatus down the road. It's one of those games you can pick up and play with friends. I think it's actually a pretty good game, and I guess I haven't had near the trouble others had somehow. What inclined me to buy the game was something a streamer said. ""If you have another game you are playing and interested in right now, then don't buy it. But if you are in a slump without anything really to play or that has grabbed your interest, pick up this game. It's a lot of fun."" I myself am in a game slump at the moment, so that sold it for me. I'm still having fun with this game, and the mechanics haven't become old. The randomization of items and different outcomes really make this game continue to be interesting. I like this game and have made new friends in the process."
76561198063274577,Recommended,438740,32027589,Posted: 28 May,all,a7xshadows_gates,"This is an awesome game. I aso own Dead by Daylight. In a sense they are the same style of game however, Friday the 13th has more to offer in sense of gameplay. You can close and lock doors. You open drawers to find items that will help you against Jason or just survive a tad longer. You can escape with vehicles or help from the police.Sure there  a few bugs but its a brand new game. Of course there will be bugs. If you are looking for a realy great survival horror game to play and enjoy with friends look no further. Sure you might be able to get a similar exerience with Dead by Daylight which is half the cost of this game you owe it to yourself if you are fan of the movie franchise. Or if you just like slasher flicks and video games this is your kind of game.If you are one of those people that when you watch a scary movie you are constantly yelling at the so called survivors to do this and do that then you will love this game. You will get to see first hand what its like to do the things you suggest while watching the characters in your favorite movie do the opposite and see whether you are able to successfully escape or if you fail miserably."
76561198133686659,Recommended,438740,31984921,Posted: 26 May,all,FunkyMirkin,"Right please see below after this my first review, I have revised this as two updates later the issues i had have now gone.Now I have actually had chance to play the game properly, it is enjoyable to play and captures the feel of everyone's favourite movie slasher but it is not worth shelling out £30 for but if this was as I said in my original review £10 or even under then it would be a fair price.Hell there are loads of multiplayers that are free and this could easily be one as well. For the price you'd hope there will be more added to the game via updates going forward, I'd love a single player where you play through the films trying to survive.So as it stands I would recommend to anyone to get this game but I would wait till it's on offer a tenner or under!(Original review)At this moment in time I can not give a fair review as I have had issues with playing the game.I have connectivity problems, I have high speed fibre broadband and my ping when joining session the ping was at first 53ms only to leap to 999ms and lowest it may drop after that was in the 700's while pretty much everyone else had the kind of speed I initially had(except one attempted round i did see one other player with a similar ping)Obviously this is down to not being prepared properly with servers and creating sessions by finding players with same speed broadband,locations etc. Now this game does seem bags of fun for the little amount of content in it but 30 quid for this is too much and especially with these issues at launch I feel that a price of £10 would be more reasonable.I have requested a refund and may in the future give it a second chance at a lower price and hopefully the developers will by then have got their act together and resolved the issues that quite frankly should not happen to a game at launch.I urge people to avoid at this moment in time but avoid it better than sex crazed counsellors at a summer camp trying to avoid a deranged serial killer!"
76561197990444797,Recommended,438740,31976819,Posted: 26 May,all,jaworkman20,"This is a relly fun game!! I had a problem with the xbox 360 controller right thumstick not working, entered big picture mode and it was fixed or at least emulated so not sure. The other thing is requirements I have been upgrading a few things on my pc which is an fx 4300 and a gtx 1060 6bg to move to a new Ryzen build soon and I can play this on high settings no problem on the fx 4300 and 1060 so thats awesome!! Like others said its kind of high for the things you get when you buy this game but if this gets a lot of attention, by the end it may well be worth it. Anyone wondering if this is something they want, just watch a youtube video or two and make your decision from there. I was up til three last night and had a blast!! If your a big fan of Friday the 13th go for it I think you will be surprised."
,Recommended,438740,31976828,Posted: 26 May,all,Pernts,This game is fun. I like it. Buy it.
76561198159797186,Recommended,438740,31978382,Posted: 26 May,all,Comrade Potato,"Wow! I haven't played that long yet, but let me tell you I would recommend anyone get this game! I personally don't care about the 40 dollar price tag because - suprise! Games cost money :O I think it's well worth forty dollars, and I'm sure the devs will continue to grow the game in the future.As of now, the gameplay feels pretty good. I'm absolutely terrified as the counselor, and feeling god-like as Jason. I think that is a good thing, a real horror, ASYMETRICAL experience. I also play Dead By Daylight, and while the games are similar in some ways, I feel they satisfy two different niches entirely. I couldn't really compare them, as many people seem to be doing.As of now, I played as Jason only once, so the rest of my review will be more counselor-oriented. (Which I love tbh. I've seen some people not like being them, only having fun at Jason. But I love being counselors.)As a counselor, I love the scavenging part of the game, along with the unlock system. I like how they did not give you every counselor at once - giving you something to aspire to. I'm neutral on the perk system - random chance, which could swing either way. It's fun to have that gambling aspect though, because you'll never know what you get. What I really like about this game, that differs from the survs in DBD, is each one of them has their own strengths and weaknesses, allowing you to pick and choose based on how you want to play.Ex:Chad is super lucky, but has super low composure and will freak out a lot more - allowing Jason the opportunity to track him betterVanessa has great speed and stamina, but absolutely no stealth. (if I play as a stealthy character like AJ, I try to avoid all running Vanessas as much as possible. Has led to my discovery and death before).I really love the indiviudal feeling that it provides and allows for choice of gameplay. Do you want to hide out and scavenge? Protect other players with strength? Use hit and run tactics? Repair things? It's up to you!For a little of Jason from my experience, it was super fun to hunt down the teens and slaughter them for Mommy Voorhees. You can kill any way you want to, as well. You can go for fancy, cinematic kills, or simply throw knives, set traps, or bludgeon them to death with your weapon.I would say the game only has a few cons. One of them is defintely the fact that you have to wait until the end of the match to get full XP. Which could be a pain if you die in the first five minutes, or escape early on. Another thing that I personally didn't like was the lack of push-to-speak on a controller (if there was one, I didn't see it). I prefer to play on controller if possible, and it was mildly annoying that with controller, speech was automatic. For me, with two barking dogs at home, and a busy house, I didn't like it too much, especially since it would be loud for other players and kinda immersion-breaking.Besides that, nothing wrong with what I see!!! Do yourself a favor and get this game! Super fun and you won't regret it!"
,Recommended,438740,31980903,Posted: 26 May,all,SpookyDiaboliC,"wonderful so far, afaik I've found 2 things that should be fixed, the threshold of tapping E to escape, and closing doors.Other than that, the price... could be 10 less. I'd say it's a great game even at the price!"
76561198064469552,Recommended,438740,31980699,Posted: 26 May,all,TheInceptionist,I believe in developers who have a passion for their games. Its a pretty fun and challenging game but I'm sure it will have much improvement and fixes along the way to make it better.
,Recommended,438740,31979142,Posted: 26 May,all,Wick,"Awesome dudes, i recommand this game for all of you."
76561198263351755,Recommended,438740,31985527,Posted: 26 May,all,Stonixfull,"This is my favorite game i have ever played. It is a really fun game with many stratiges to outsmart jason. If you like slasher horror games, this one is for you ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
,Not Recommended,438740,32031767,Posted: 28 May,all,LtDan,"Im done I have been waiting and hoping this game could be something amazing but the developers just dont care. After the horrible start it had with all the server issues and now when they say they want to repay everyone for the patience with the issues they dont even deliver on the promise. They say login on that day and you get retro jason, multiple skins, and tons of CP. I race home after work to see if its there and no, nothing. Ok maybe it just  takes a little while. Here we are about a month later and still nothing. Im done. I dont care what stupid DLC you have in the future this game is garbage. Just play dead by daylight guys, they actually want their game to be good. At least until last year comes out. That game will murder and burry Friday the 13th. Dont buy it"
,Not Recommended,438740,32224048,Posted: 6 June,all,Khar,"The game is fun. Needs some bug fixes, but as it is I've found it to be very enjoyable.edit: Can't recommend it right now after a player was wrongfully banned."
76561198073155743,Recommended,438740,33029099,Posted: 30 June,all,DARKRIPPER120,if ur a fan of the siries play it
76561198154403816,Not Recommended,438740,32288895,Posted: 9 June,all,Chad,♥♥♥♥ this communty
76561198342059289,Not Recommended,438740,32371570,Posted: 12 June,all,#1 Racist,game sucks full of glitches you can get banned for anything
,Recommended,438740,32808142,Posted: 26 June,all,H35!T@!0N,since people compare this to dead by daylight the mostthis game relies on the same amount or if not more team work -/+people dont care for team work -small player base -players from all regions are forced into playing on high ping matches due to lack of server locations brought along because of small playerbase not making it worthwhile to host servers for some regions -high price compared to its main competitor -i feel that if they dropped the price to be more competitive they may be able to allow jason only players like DBD allows for its killer and at the same time it would be cause to have regions without servers to get servers possiblybut if you live in a high population country and dont have to suffer through the 300+ pings that i see many from unknown asian countrys suffer this game is great with friendstldr  expensive for what it offersdont play if your countrys small/poordont expect anyone to help you like you would help them(even if you did just help them)
,Recommended,438740,31997151,Posted: 27 May,all,Wizkid,"This game needs to be polished for sure , but it has potential!"
,Recommended,438740,31997208,Posted: 27 May,all,Zethoth,Tho still needs fully fleshing out it's honestly better than expected big step up from the ♥♥♥♥♥torm Ljn made of Friday 13th lol but seriously it's a fun game with some good sauce meterial witch works well tho still more could be done to help fix some issues.
76561198119443772,Recommended,438740,31997237,Posted: 27 May,all,Gladiator,Great game but not worth the price tag.
76561198037036222,Recommended,438740,31997026,Posted: 27 May,all,FuriousP4T,This game is an absolute good time with Bro's on a Friday evening!!
76561198026730446,Recommended,438740,31989783,Posted: 26 May,all,[10-AW] Stealth Hazard,"A little pricey for what is delivered here, but it is highly enjoyable."
,Recommended,438740,31989787,Posted: 26 May,all,TripleBullet187,"So far I am having fun playing the game. It does have some annoying bugs, servers can be touchy although I haven't had issues with them (yet). I have lost XP to the game not saving any of it for some reason. Regardless though I am still having a lot of fun.What I will say is if IIIFonic doesn't get these issues fixed soon then it will start to ruin the fun. The game is new so right now I do recommend it because I am having a blast playing it. As long as the dev team stays transparent and keeps us in the know the issues should get ironed out. It is week 1. So I will cut them some slack for now. I expect improvements within a month.If the game is still in the same shape then I probably wont recommend it anymore. For now, I am loving it."
,Not Recommended,438740,31985774,Posted: 26 May,all,Mephasto,This game is more close to Early Access with the current ammount of content and bugs.Not worth 40€ in any way.
76561198000810015,Recommended,438740,31989818,Posted: 26 May,all,TheMeltingMan,"its not immediately perfect like i want it to be!says every whiney, ♥♥♥♥♥y, entitled gamer out there.Like its somehow a moral attack on their perception of a game.this game is BRAND NEW. so it still needs work. DUH. thats the nature of every game, literally ever.this is so much god damn fun, its wonky, its weird, its easy to pick up, and hitting the marker at 40$ brand new? Thats just courteous if you ask me.dont be an entitled prick like the vast majority of gamers (and these ""reviews)Its plain old fun"
76561198084687410,Recommended,438740,31991606,Posted: 27 May,all,Finn The Human,"does need work but for a game that wasn't released from a ""AAA"" studio it runs and plays  and feels really good. If you are a fan of the series and can deal with the bugs until they fix them then get this. you won't be disappointed."
76561198043811067,Recommended,438740,31996259,Posted: 27 May,all,123,Love it
,Not Recommended,438740,31996572,Posted: 27 May,all,Negan,37£ for this game? no way...
76561198018623384,Recommended,438740,31997326,Posted: 27 May,all,Sykko,"This is a good game, sadly people have been spamming bad reviews because it had a harsh first day.This game was the most anticipated game of 2017 (gamestop research) and the game was a founded game so there was no way the developers could have anticipated so many people playing at the same time. And above that it is common for games to crash servers on the first day.Then there is the price point. People are also crying about the price but not realising that the devolopers need to make back the money they spent on this game, license and etc. they even made a discussion on their officiel website about pricing and how they came up to this and why this is the cheapest they could go.You are even gonna get more free content so this is a fair price imo, they are gonna release a full single player campaign also.The developers are also very active on social medias, giving live updates on the status of the game.Besides this. Yes this a good game you should buy it!You get really imersed in the jason game world, this is a game that requires lots of stratergy and teamworks, so it's good that most of the community talks ingame aswell. I dont wanna say much more about the gameplay because you will find out yourself, but it is worth it!"
76561198044434126,Recommended,438740,31997622,Posted: 27 May,all,No,Great game. So far have  had a blast and will carry on having a blast with this. To all the neg reviews. 1. Either you've never seen a day one launch. Or 2. you want something casual as hell so go play Dead by daylight and run to the safe places that are pallets. Jason is OP sure but um hello is JASON like what you expect. Seriously. Please play the game before you actually right a neg review. only having 1 hour really makes you a creditable source. Playing as counselors is pretty challenging you just need to understand the game a little bit more in depth to be able too make use of your life.  As i stated before great game keep up the amazing job devs!
76561198175207273,Recommended,438740,31998189,Posted: 27 May,all,sfame1,If you got the $ It is great game. You will have alot of fun have a mic. Graphics are a litttle campy and some glitches but youll have fun trust me youll laugh
76561198042588557,Recommended,438740,32000927,Posted: 27 May,all,Rain,I am having a great time playing this game meeting tons of really co ol fun people. There are a few bug's but it's nothing that can't be fixed with one update! :)
,Recommended,438740,32000934,Posted: 27 May,all,DRUNK3NP3NGU1NS,"Its a fun game when you can get on and play! I like being Jason its fun creeping in the shadows and breaking through doors, its funny to look at the counselers faces when they are running from him. I would give a really positive review if they would fix the damn server problems......."
76561198047416114,Recommended,438740,32000829,Posted: 27 May,all,Cronenberg Morty,"The most fun I've had playing video games with friends in a while, bugs and all.  Give the devs a break, they're trying.  I even had what some people are calling the ""Black Screen of Death"" last night.  I restarted the game. No big deal.I feel like I get what they were trying to do with every game mechanic and how it translates to the movies.  Really well thought out, fun, funny, and scary game.So far the community has been pretty great too.Is it worth 40 bucks?  That's a hard question to answer.  I'm having enough fun that it was absolutely worth the money.So...if you're a fan of the series, of playing games for the fun and laughs instead of over-analyzing every minute balance detail (Jason isn't OP by the way) then I'd say go for it homie."
,Recommended,438740,32000770,Posted: 27 May,all,aRockTheRed,I enjoy it 40 dollars may seem a bit steep but it is an enjoyable experience for people to watch and play it has tons of replay value. With the content from the horror movie universe i believe with some love it could end up as a viable title. It is a little clumsy but being a kickstarter game i am truly impressed.
,Recommended,438740,32003738,Posted: 27 May,all,PatrocleFrumuselul56,I simply love it . Its just so good that nothing can ruin it . Worth my time and money .
76561197996766639,Recommended,438740,32003459,Posted: 27 May,all,gypsygames,"The game I've been waiting for since I was a kid, Yes it's just like THAT other game, but with Jason F***ing Vorhees."
,Recommended,438740,31978442,Posted: 26 May,all,R34LM,"My take on it after the first few games, for those who are looking at it now and thinking of buying it.In comparision to other games of the ilk, this is a game more favored towards Jason, as he really has a lot going for him and escape routes for survivors can take a great deal of exploration around the map and some luck in that you get items that you need. And, if you are a DbD fan, don't bother juking; Jason has throwing knives that will just slow you down to a crawl and there are hardly any places around the map that are good for that style of play.However, that is not to say the game isn't fun when being a survivor. There are some genuinely tense moments, like hiding in a closet while Jason chases someone else and you hope he doesn't know you are there. The question is this: is the tension of the match going to be enough for your entertainment? Couple this with the fact that xp gain is relatively slow, and if you get unlucky during the match and are one of the first to die you will get hardly any xp, meaning it's a slower amount of progress towards character unlocks that may fit your style perfectly. At start, you get the basic, no good no bad guy, the bait girl who runs a lot and fast, and the girl who barely touches being a stealth character but is more for being composed. They are good entrance characters, but I already get the feeling they will be migrated from.There isn't much to say about Jason; he's fun and you get to chop people up. While DbD killers focus more on tracking and hunting prey who know how to escape, Jason is there to impede progress and stop players from completing objectives, whether by scaring people away or by outright killing them. If you manage to be picked for Jason, you'll have fun; it's a fair power trip.The last thing to note is to not go into the game expecting to main Jason. In full lobbies you have a 1 in 8 chance of being picked. You will be playing a lot of counsulor before getting Jason.For a day 1 purchase, I'd give it a try if you can afford it. The price is steep, though, for the content that it has. For me, I enjoy it for what I paid, for now."
76561198354151912,Recommended,438740,31978516,Posted: 26 May,all,̔̏̊,Love this game so much. i have seen a lot of hate on this game so far. give it a chance its only been a day. other then that i think this game is really LIT. hope to see DLC and much more for this game.
76561198214114163,Recommended,438740,31978529,Posted: 26 May,all,ultimate gamer,in my opinion this game is perfectly fine infact fun. but the price is a little overprice i think the game should be like 30 bucksbut i only recommend this game because of how much fun this is
76561198071242678,Recommended,438740,31979353,Posted: 26 May,all,Fire Goat Gaming,Played it for alittle bit and was having fun until i noticed that multiplayer was all they had going for it  . I am gonna wait till it drops in price . Not worth 43.99$ for multiplayer only.Drop price and ill buy if its more like 20$i recommed this game to people who wanna play for abit or if they rele rele like jason .
,Not Recommended,438740,31979874,Posted: 26 May,all,Perry Power,"so second day in and i cant login to the game because its consistenly telling me to verify my internet connection, everything else works on MY end. Please fix YOURS"
,Not Recommended,438740,31980137,Posted: 26 May,all,cracatoa,"Let me preface my review with the fact that I actually enjoy this game, just not $40 worth, so I refunded it.Could it be fun and amazing? Absolutely. It is a great idea. However, all it is currently is a murder animation tech demo. Extremely one dimensional, very buggy, and some awfully punishing and unfun mechanics that can cost you twenty minutes just to watch.Win early but teammates didn't? You get to wait until the timer runs out or you lose most of your experience! Die early? Same thing!I love the murder animations and I think that for the most part Jason himself is perfect. The maps are junk, the counselors are junk and without any real depth, and the weapons and victory options may as well all be condensed to one of each."
76561198200091428,Recommended,438740,31980349,Posted: 26 May,all,MineBloxGamer,"I really like the game, but they have a lot with issues with the servers and all of us cant really play the game at all. Although, I like playing this game with friends and its really fun. Please fix servers though."
76561198085492595,Recommended,438740,31980374,Posted: 26 May,all,Baconben963,"I really enjoy the game, yeah, its buggy and lacking in content but it's still a fun game to play by yourself of with your friends, I see all these people complaining about the servers being down but what do you expect it’s the game’s first day and lots of people really want to play it of course there are going to be problems but it’s still a game worth getting cause once you’re in a match its so much fun heck I enjoy playing as the survivors more than Jason. overall the game is worth the £30 price tag just get it and have fun it’s a great survival horror game."
,Recommended,438740,31980575,Posted: 26 May,all,JDM,"I was in a house looting. I hear something in the distance, its a song. I don't think much of it, but it gets louder. I recognise it. Suddenly a hatchet slams in the door, ""Running in the 90's"" is heard all throughout the house. I panic, i hide under a bed. I see jason run through the house, blasting the song at full volume. I have never been so scared. He leaves, the song gets quieter until I can no longer hear it. My character takes a deep breath, suddenly Jason is upon me the music blasting against my eardrums. I watch as he throws me on the ground and begins to swing his axe. ""Running in the 90's, is a new way i like to be , im just running in the 90s, come on baby run to me. We are running in the 90s, is a new way to set me free, im just running in the 90s. Yes i wanna know, yes i wanna see!"""
,Recommended,438740,31967269,Posted: 26 May,all,Drill Buster,I want chad to live.He is the best one to playBaby Badger two
,Recommended,438740,31977128,Posted: 26 May,all,Benthe27thgamer,"A pretty amazing game, right now it is having server issues(5/26/2017) so it's sorta hard to connect at the moment but I have had some pretty amazing matches already.Pros:A much better version of Dead by DaylightA really friendly community(so far)Customizable charactersQuite a few ways to ""beat"" JasonCons:Game can get a little repetive if you let itThe servers are absolute garbage right now but I expect that to changeFrom my 10-15 matches unless you have Jason prioritze there's a rare chance you'll be JasonIf you're from australlia or a small town somewhere I have heard that your ping will be complete trashOverall this is a very fun game espically if you are a fan of games like Dead by Daylight because overall this is just a complete better game."
,Not Recommended,438740,31978116,Posted: 26 May,all,Führer Adolf Hitler,Cant Connecting game
76561198261601788,Recommended,438740,31978156,Posted: 26 May,all,JASON,IS ASOME
,Recommended,438740,31978711,Posted: 26 May,all,Midas,R.I.P Dead By Daylight: 2016 - 2017
76561198001138670,Not Recommended,438740,32028678,Posted: 28 May,all,Cpezz,OK START THIS OUT BY SAYING IT IS FUNM AND GREAT GAME ID SAY 7 OUT OF 10 WITH ROOM FOR IMPROVEMENTS.FIRST THOUGH IS THE BIGGEST PROBLEM WHERE I WAS  COUNSELOR AND I WAS THE ONLY COUNCOLOR LEFT THE REST OF MY TEAM DIED GO FIGURE JASON IS MEGA STRONG op ABYWAYS THE REST OF THE COUNCELORS TOLD JASON WHERE I WAS TO END THE GAME  which really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off whats the point of trying to survive but then you tell him where i was wtf is the point of that this game is fun but needs work ASAP almost to the point of its unplayable after a while it becomes the same boring♥♥♥♥♥running around gettiung killed by jason all day. needs much more content for it to be anything better than a 7. i will update later but thats some of my biggest problems with it so far.ALso with the login database Errors has got to be fixed or everyone deserves a refund ASAP
76561197999281472,Not Recommended,438740,32028727,Posted: 28 May,all,GGNoLongerInIn,Played a few game then having a data base login failure problem.Why would you make players pay 40 bucks for a garbage server
,Not Recommended,438740,32028180,Posted: 28 May,all,President Sanders,"Bought the game, hoping it would be as good as the movies. The trouble is I cant even get onto the game. Everytime I try to launch the game it says ""SummerCamp.exe- System Error."" If you buy this game, your wasting youur $40."
76561197970990248,Recommended,438740,31988707,Posted: 26 May,all,jovenn14,"***Update***The devs have been busy moving to new servers and the login issue has gone away.  Solid work for such a small dev team.  Game is super fun to play, Jason is OP and that is just how it should be.  Its hard to survive him.  Good job Devs, keep up the good work._________________________________________________Can not recommend this game at this time.  Servers crashed with steam players in game and now those players are corrupted and can not join the game again.  Sent 6 + hours trying to get back in and the devs have gone silent in twitter."
,Recommended,438740,31998457,Posted: 27 May,all,Rainbow Boy,"Fun! This game takes you into the realm of Crystal Lake. Slightly Overpriced, but definatley worth getting."
76561198373683063,Recommended,438740,31991066,Posted: 27 May,all,WALL,"So, first. The price is too ♥♥♥♥ing big. i mean $37? i was waiting for it like $242. There are some bugs wich they are really need to be fixed.the achievements are not workingBut the game is good"
,Recommended,438740,31991156,Posted: 27 May,all,Thicc,Amazing game but when you buy this game you are buying into a work in progress game but if you are a true fan of the IP F13th and horror then buy it. Or my best reccomendation if you are hvaing second thoughts is follow the game for a biut and see how it develops. So far though I love this game
,Recommended,438740,31979659,Posted: 26 May,all,Ghaul,...
,Recommended,438740,31984994,Posted: 26 May,all,Boydz,"To be honest, i get everyones rant about the pricetag but the game aside you pay £30 and you get so many good laughs and meet such great people, in my eyes that alone is worth the money, game is pretty sick though!"
76561198136328315,Not Recommended,438740,31984897,Posted: 26 May,all,Blastaknight,im about to ask for my money baack all my friends can play but me keeps telling me there is no internet connectivity bull crap i talk to my friends on discord and can play my other online games with no problem so whats the deal fix it please
76561198145441894,Not Recommended,438740,31984952,Posted: 26 May,all,RiteNasty,"I just bought this game earlier today. I've now uninstaled it 4 times and still cannot get into a game. Granted, I understand its a new game and there will be problems but this is'nt good."
,Recommended,438740,31991647,Posted: 27 May,all,OsteoFerocious,"Rocky start due to server instability but honestly one of the most fun times I've had with a video games in years!  I really hope this day one issue doesn't the game that many of us have waited years for.  The devs are really involved in the community and are available to speak with in discord, which is a great thing to see!"
76561198049727240,Recommended,438740,31991627,Posted: 27 May,all,Walter Black,"Loved the game when it was working, I understand the frustration but the game doesn't deserve SO MUCH HATE."
76561197998611274,Not Recommended,438740,31985941,Posted: 26 May,all,Claytortot213,Don't buy the game until the servers are fixed. Haven't been able to play since I bought the game.
,Not Recommended,438740,31986488,Posted: 26 May,all,Tarley,Servers have been broken all damn day. Can only solo queue. Whats the point of this game if you cant play with friends. 0/10
76561198068574494,Recommended,438740,31990920,Posted: 27 May,all,Falhammer,I like what you got!
76561198045724787,Recommended,438740,31991177,Posted: 27 May,all,lordhelldana,worth every single penny i spent on it
,Recommended,438740,31990993,Posted: 27 May,all,The DialUp DMG,"Solid Grounds for a good game!Most of us expected a bit more than 3 maps and slight customization as a finished product.For $40 its a bit of a stretch, but for people who can afford it. I'd recommend this game for the laughs!!"
76561198059642286,Recommended,438740,31991089,Posted: 27 May,all,ChubbyMcDownBurgers,"Good game, played 6 hours straight. Needs a bit of work but thats normal."
76561198167791457,Recommended,438740,31989502,Posted: 26 May,all,Ozawa Sakuraisora,"These game is just,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥stupid. I dont want to waste my hours on it. But I want you to waste time on it. GO and try."
76561198093222661,Recommended,438740,31989956,Posted: 26 May,all,AthenianHoplite963,This is a wonderful game. One that is filled with instense horror but also so comedy mixed with it 10/10
,Not Recommended,438740,31990335,Posted: 27 May,all,Optimuslag,Cannot change config in game?
,Recommended,438740,32099313,Posted: 31 May,all,Dani,A very fun hide-and-seek game. Would recommend all of my friend's to own this. <3
,Recommended,438740,32098973,Posted: 31 May,all,POCONG JOGHETS,"the best game ever, adictive"
76561198025576656,Recommended,438740,32098807,Posted: 31 May,all,ToatzMcGoats,"Fun concept for a game but is it worth 40 bucks?It is times like this i wish Steam had a middle ground recommendation. The game at it's core is very fun. When everything works and people play the parts it is way fun! Playing with friends and working together can create some very fun and exciting times. Getting away is intense and you feel very accomplished. Bashing someone in a sleeping bag over and over on a tree is soooooo satisfying especially when you are chasing them for a long time!Other times it can be some of the most aggravating gameplay out there. It is bug ridden, the up looks like it was an out of the box set they just slapped on it. Jason can be way overpowered and kill you in the first couple seconds leaving you to watch people run around and the facial animations are hilarious (I don't know if that is a bad thing or not).I think it is a step in the right direction but this game could use some major polishing.The only way I would recommend this game is if you can pick it up on a discount.I really hope the devas keep working on it and fixing and adding content and help get this game to where it should be but as of right now it is nowhere worth the 40 dollar price tag.The recommendation is a very light recommendation. like 7/10, super fun but needs alot of polish."
76561198308989114,Recommended,438740,31976047,Posted: 26 May,all,Richard,"I would recommend this game if you're a big fan of Dead by Daylight but it is much, much different.Pros:-Proximity Voice Chat (unless you have a walkie).-Variety of ways to kill councelors.-Decent customization for your councelor/Jason.-Scare meter is cool. The more scared you are, the easier it is for Jason to detect you.-Graphics are decent (minus a few facial expressions at the start of the game ""cough"").-Optimization is decent.-Music + atmosphere is pretty good too.-No pallet looping.-Play as Chad.-Can betray teammates.Cons:-Doesn't find players based on your region (Australian players especially).-Cannot stun Jason during animations (need to wait till he's finished grabbing/killing someone).-Jason's ""Shift"" ability mixed with his ""Morph"" can make him impossible to run away from.-Jason's ""Grab"" can be a bit buggy.-Price tag for current content seems high (licensing would probably explain this).-If Jason leaves, it's game over (happened quite a few times to me).-Can't change your keybinds (annoying as hell for push to talk).-FoV makes me feel claustrophobic. Needs to be brough back a good 20%.-You need to wait until everyone is done to get experience. Leaving early forfeits your xp.-Can get repetitive.-No pallet looping.-Can betray teammates.-Tommy Jarvis shooting councelors...Seriously though, if you try to be ""brave"" and fight Jason, chances are you're going to get your jaw ripped off or your crotch mutilated. No juking & taunting in this game. Just the cries of sweet, helpless councelors. And don't think you're safe out in the water on a boat... You're easy prey..."
,Recommended,438740,32098608,Posted: 31 May,all,Vicioso,"Best investment evea, true story."
,Recommended,438740,32097938,Posted: 31 May,all,Dude Cakes,"Great game when it works rightI love the feeling of being in a horror movie but the glitch's and drop issues make it far from that cool game it's meant to be, I say wait until they fix it then give it a buy."
76561198014131823,Recommended,438740,32098515,Posted: 31 May,all,Paul Belerian,"Great game, great develops, purchased this for ps4 and steam."
,Recommended,438740,32090743,Posted: 31 May,all,Jet Edge (✿ ♥‿♥),"This game is a lot like a girl on her period: There is pain sometimes, and there are conflicting emotions going on a lot of the time. Sometimes you just can't get through to her, and in the end, there will always be some blood."
76561198220085135,Recommended,438740,32096524,Posted: 31 May,all,awafflebutt,"If I could, I would play this game evry hour of my life"
,Recommended,438740,32096526,Posted: 31 May,all,Nestle Crunch,"This game is less scary than watching your teamates die in r6 siege, but it is very funny to hear the conversations among people and Jason/"
,Recommended,438740,31983750,Posted: 26 May,all,Bucc,Should be set as Early Access but if you can look past the bugs its pretty fun so far.
,Recommended,438740,32096068,Posted: 31 May,all,sampot66,Really great game! Hope they will give us new content eventually!
76561198014971284,Recommended,438740,32096444,Posted: 31 May,all,Brutalix,"This is some feedback after like being lvl15 or so ingame. There are no ""region servers"" but there is definately some kind of matchmaking in place to get people around the same area matched together and I think one of them is the ""host"". The netcode seems pretty stable and I havent experienced rubberbanding or any disconnects yet on any of my matches.Sometimes I am matched with North american players if they're in a party with european players for example or if there aren't enough people in your region to form a lobby, I suppose. Regardless you can just leave whenever and receive no penalties if your ping doesn't seem to be suitable to you. I could play with 40ms and 120ms and didn't feel that much of a deal in this game.If you don't stay until the end of the match you won't receive the +500XP for completing the match. (Just so you can have a comparison to understand better you'd get like +200XP for surviving and you can get more small-medium bonuses XP from doing tasks in the map.)But I mean if you're going to be playing just to ""grind"" and not to have fun you'll definately get burned out quickly here;Right now as I post this message if you queue up you'll join a lobby and before entering the map you'll be dropped out back to lobby after receiving an ""Error! Connection timed out!"";These server problems aside common to every release, some mechanics which you can exploit and some glitches (the same ""bad"" ones you'd find on H1Z1 or PUBG) I've got to say I had some really fun times in this game so far. I don't think it can keep me hooked for like an year playing only this game but a couple weeks/months as long as it is improved for sure yeah.The mechanics are pretty simple to comprehend and it gets really fun to play if you have some cooperative and fun people around.Out of all matches I have played so far (note I'm like lvl15 ingame) I have seen maybe 2 guys abusing of bugs/glitches to stay alive inside of hiding spots and have seen only one blatent hacker so far which was this counselor speedhacker. Got trolled maybe twice with people teamkilling me on purpose for no reason.Honestly this game is pretty fun to play. I mean I am 28 years old now and I just dont have patience to spend hours improving mechanically to have fun on games like Rainbow Six: Siege where you need a ridiculous map knowledge or Titanfall 2 where you have to be bunny hopping all over the place and hooking everywhere. I don't have patience where the skill cap is so freaking gigantic you have to spend thousands of hours to fully dominate the game mechanically. I just want to play to chill and this game seems perfect in that way for me.So far the glitches/bugs/servers issues I have encountered are far from being as terrible as people have been describing but every one with their own taste I guess. Found the very same issues with H1Z1 and PUBG but yeah the only difference is that this is a ""released"" product;I don't think its that big of a deal as long as they don't pull something like Armageddon: Reincarnation did. Promising a bunch of patches and disappearing after releasing an unfinished product."
76561198203794543,Recommended,438740,32096682,Posted: 31 May,all,noobierice,"the goods:played this game for close to 24 hours and i gotta say its great!, a very fun game that i cannot get enough of, if i would compare this to dead by daylight, id actually would like this better due to jason/killer not having host advantage this is all dedicated servers, despite all the mixed reviews this game just came out and it isnt as buggy as the first launch of dead by daylight..amazing graphics if you care about thatkills are brutal i think thats what we were asking for anywaysthe bads:i have seen some glitchs here and there but it didnt bother me at all.the price is questionable due to its lack of content but dont let lack of content ruin your fun in this game.community... i gotta say some parts of the community ruin this game, when you join a match and your about to start the game and people find out thier not jason then they tend to leave, i noticed that alot, sometimes the game would start and like maybe 4 people leave, and when they do get jason, ive seen people boost in here also, as in people who become jason and is thier friend in thier party they tend to seek out other survivers and let thier friend jason kill you to boost his points, its quiet unfair and hopefully they patch that soon.should you get this game? Yes if you like these kinds of games, have friends that enjoy a fun time!,despite some flaws that you dont mind its overall a really fun game"
76561198064719415,Recommended,438740,32095973,Posted: 31 May,all,Mbutch44,I officialy love it! it has things in a game ive been waiting for like teamwork. the only thing is its hard to be jason
76561198354558379,Recommended,438740,32096313,Posted: 31 May,all,coolcatgaming,the game is so good i love it! but can they make it to were you can het jason when you get het also?
76561198127057589,Recommended,438740,32097917,Posted: 31 May,all,WalebKassa,"I feel for the price that this game is decent. However, the launch issues aside its really not that bad of a game. Give it time and a lot of the issues that are currently present I feel can be resolved. If you are looking to buy this game I do recommend making sure you meet the system recommendations. It's a completely different experience being able to play the game on Epic Settings."
,Not Recommended,438740,31972290,Posted: 26 May,all,TheMinister,"Update: After several patches and more playing I'm going to change my review to do not buy, at least in it's current state. To many instance of jason shifting to grab people and insta killing them (whats the point of a break free mechanic if it skips your chance to break free almost every time), along with counselor exploits in maps (suich as going to a rock in the lake wehre jason can't get to you, so you''re unkillable).Original initial review:Still a bit buggy But a super fun game. I streamed almost 6 hours of it the other night and had a blast every minute.Jason controls take a bit getting used to. There was a bug for me currently where you can't set push to talk, so it's open mic all the time, not sure if that's because I used a controller or not.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k2f6Z0_WxF4"
,Recommended,438740,32015936,Posted: 28 May,all,TieDyeDudeTV,"Review Edited: 6/3/17 (Orginal was 5/27/17 with a not recommend and rating 4/10)They fixed all the B.S. problems. Game is tolerable now! I view this game as a fun ""party"" game to play with your friends. Don't take it too seriously and just have some fun.Rating: 7/10 This game recieves ""The Dudes"" Stamp of approval."
,Recommended,438740,32165661,Posted: 3 June,all,GhostBuckets©,"Great Game , I Mean Like This Was A Fan Game You know The First Idea Was Not to Make A Huge Game On Steam But Youtuber Keep Playing it And It Makes it Popular And For Me This Game Is Really Great Because Im a big fan of friday the 13th and Jason Voorhees But unfortunately i Have A Not That Bad Laptop But Still Can Run Friday the 13th: The Game But Little Bit Laggy But The Gameplay Is Great so Dont Hate The game its a fan game they dont know it was gonna be popular But Just wait maybe Another Update Will Come And Fix Whatever You Dont like So Yeah Please Dont Hate The game or the Developers And Please Wait I Guess."
,Recommended,438740,32161354,Posted: 3 June,all,Noiseyy,Has Potential
76561198031490713,Recommended,438740,32158727,Posted: 3 June,all,kdo33,"Great game for friday night 4-6 mans DBH! Still slightly buggy in the group session matching and jason mod areas but it's new so give it a minute. Sound and enviroment are amazing.  So make sure to turn off the lights, grab a cold one,  crank up the volume and get out your mummified telepathic dead mom's head!"
76561198120175084,Recommended,438740,31974103,Posted: 26 May,all,Bone,"This game is fantastic. It truly captures the meaning of horror while using the original horror, Jason Voorhees! Some times are dull and borging, but the latter of the gameplay are filled with thrill, supense, terror, and intense/uneasy music. However, the game is not completely finished, with bugs and such, and many believe the price of $40 to be expensive. In the end, we need to rememebr that the developer team of about 9 people has done a fantastic job bringing true horror to life!This game is truly a delight to horror fans and offers a new experience yet to be discovered!BUY UP!"
76561198288702392,Recommended,438740,32167955,Posted: 3 June,all,gamer cat,My computer sucks so the game is laggy if my computer was great then I wouldn't have a problem with the game. Oh well I'm gonna have to wait five million years for it to come out on ps4. I do recommend it but my computer sucks so make sure your computer runs well on games ok people.
76561198216366441,Recommended,438740,32122706,Posted: 1 June,all,FallenDemon,lots of fun.Just wish i didn't die first most times.
76561197992099759,Recommended,438740,32123826,Posted: 2 June,all,Twink The Bunny,"Played DBD for a little over 300+hrs. However, I find this game to be much more entertaining. Some people keep saying Jason is way too overpowered. I think that he is fine so far. People are trying to complain when they have not had enough time to learn the game. With practice and perks survivors will stand much more of a chance against Jason. It can be a very buggy game, but do not let that detract from the fun. I have not seen many bugs with my playtime. I definitely say give it a try."
,Recommended,438740,32123843,Posted: 2 June,all,Nyan-sei™,"This game is aboslutely amazing! It's graphics are to be compared to some higher games, it's gameplay value is decent, and best of all.. the players are complete crap! In other games, *cough, cough* Dead by Daylight, you have to continuously worry about things like: Campers, Bad teamates, Unbalanced Gameplay. While still present in F13, you have to worry much less. People can camp cars and junk, but there's always another way to escape instead of JUST one. Bad teamates are present everywhere, either way. And at least you've got a mechanic in which you can communicate with them. Though I still find Jason to be sort of unbalanced. He has a small, if not nonexistent, hit cooldown. And on the other hand, it's not too difficult to kill him, either. Overall, it's great and better than most games. But still is too expensive, and is, at most, worth $30 bucks TOPS."
76561198051709472,Recommended,438740,32000242,Posted: 27 May,all,ReenoBurrito,"I know this game is buggy, but hopefully in the future they will be fixed and this game becomes even more great. Other than the bugs i love this game to death, i know the $40 thing is a little steep,  but this game is lots of fun if you love roleplay, Great community.(Onetime jason was chasing me and i was circling around the house so hopefully when he gets confused i could bolt through the forest, *JASON TURNS THE CORNER AND GRABS ME, AS MY SKIN JUMPS FROM MY MOBDY)"
76561198126867877,Recommended,438740,31975012,Posted: 26 May,all,Claws4life,"Great game, lots of fun. If you enjoyed Dead By Daylight you will enjoy this game. The only thing that's questionable is the price tag but I personally have already got my money's worth out of this game. I give this game a 7.5/10"
,Recommended,438740,32139497,Posted: 2 June,all,SmashMalla,"I've never watched a Friday the 13th film, but this game is really fun. whether or not you're Jason.My favourite match so far was as the counselors, me and a friend managed to fix a car and on the way to the escape tried to take in two others as passengers.Once they were in the car, Jason appeared in the middle of the road, smashed the car and pulled me out the window. Everyone else got out the car and one of them whacked Jason with a baseball bat, Jason still wanted to kill me so I got him to chase me a little bit while someone else started the car.After the car was started up everyone got back in......and Jason smashed it....again. So we repeated the same sort of thing but then someone hit him with a shotgun this time, knocking him to the ground, I was starting the car and Jason got back up grabbed one of the others and executed them. With the other two in the car I started driving away as Jason chopped all of the limbs off of the man he grabbed.Driving over the bridge in the car Jason appeared once more to stop the car, but the drivers seat was too close to the wall so he couldn't grab me and instead decided to take out the passenger next to me, as he died I started the car YET AGAIN! with only one passenger left, managed to finally escape.This felt like such a movie-esque escapade.From what I've seen of Jason, obviously he is fun to play. And he is very likely to kill several of the counselors but very rarely manages to kill all of them, I think they did well with balancing the game but still giving Jason enough ability to put the scare in you."
76561198044757179,Recommended,438740,32140389,Posted: 2 June,all,Ragglefraggle97,"Good Game, enjoyable."
,Recommended,438740,32141575,Posted: 2 June,all,KillOrder,"After suffering through a major bad launch, this game shines through as the ultimate Friday the 13th simulator."
76561198128433936,Recommended,438740,32142325,Posted: 2 June,all,Joey,good get it NOWWWW
76561198138188608,Recommended,438740,31999943,Posted: 27 May,all,⋈FeelsGood⋈,Me being a fan of the franchise reccomend the game... somewhat. In its current state it is not the best but patches and updates are frequently making the game better. After the first week they made tremendous progress in servers and crashes and I am happy about that. As for gameplay its pretty good just needs more content6/10
,Recommended,438740,32139821,Posted: 2 June,all,PokerPlate,"Although this game had a very difficult release, it has provided numerous hours of enjoyment and I highly suggest picking it up."
,Recommended,438740,32142168,Posted: 2 June,all,Jspooky_White,"There's countless problems with animations being un-synced and just gross looking when played next to eachother. Little things will annoy you like having to patiently wait to jump through a window and other little things can can be tweaked to be more realistic. I would still recommend this game just from my experience and playstyle. I don't care about winning or losing - I'll join the game and roleplay as whatever dumb counselor I am given. I've had so many moments in this game where I'm either a level 12 half-orc rouge DnD player w glasses and asthma or a blonde white, bootyshort wearing moron. The community is hit or miss with their use of voice chat - but when you find people who use the proximity chat well it's incredible. Just making stupid memories and the game doesn't punish you for having fun. You gain a large amount of EXP if you put up a fight and die. The game isn't about winning or losing - it's about having hella fun and making memories.ALSO - some people who play are even more stupid than the people in the actual movies. I've seen a man reverse from jason off a pier and into the lake in a ford fiesta. You will find people doing such dumb stuff, it's incredible and every game will play like a budget student version of the movies and I love it. It's so stupid.THE PRICE IS PRETTY AIDS AS OF RIGHT NOW - BUT MORE CONTENT IS TO COME AND IF YOU HAVE THE DOSH TO SPARE - TRY IT FOR A FEW GAMES AND IF IT DOESN'T WORK OUT REFUND THIS SHIZ"
,Recommended,438740,32142240,Posted: 2 June,all,Hempster,If you like DBD you will realllly enjoy this! once you learn the ropes it gets better ;)
76561198078151690,Recommended,438740,31984369,Posted: 26 May,all,biggn82,"Some of the most fun I've had in a long time in a game, it's wild, it's thrilling and it's funny all at the same time. I have no doubt I'll get plenty of play time in this game. Thumbs up for a good quality game made based off a movie, that doesn't happen often enough!"
,Recommended,438740,32073027,Posted: 30 May,all,Farmer-Brown,better than a fidget spinner my dudes
,Recommended,438740,32074765,Posted: 30 May,all,BobtheOgre,Its had its Launch problems but those are going away. The gameplay is fun and makes for some hilarous and tense situations.
,Not Recommended,438740,31977108,Posted: 26 May,all,LaPyrus,If you like to grind then buy this game. This game its boring and Jason finds you super easy.
76561198029834699,Recommended,438740,31976696,Posted: 26 May,all,ElderFapWizard,"Great solid release, minor hiccups but nothing game breaking,  great fun with friends."
76561198050364591,Recommended,438740,31976722,Posted: 26 May,all,ЯedЯum,"its friday , nuff said"
76561197995914184,Recommended,438740,31978793,Posted: 26 May,all,The ShamGod,"I've seen it a lot on streams, playing it gives you a serious feeling of suspense. The community ia hilarious."
,Recommended,438740,31977350,Posted: 26 May,all,RAGE!!!!!!!!!!,WOOOOHOOO
,Recommended,438740,31979241,Posted: 26 May,all,Whitefoxy,Cool. game but freaking day one server overload ruined it x.x
76561198202079427,Recommended,438740,31967486,Posted: 26 May,all,Don Packerd,Best murder simulator on the market.
76561198145691514,Recommended,438740,31979095,Posted: 26 May,all,da nerds-B3N,personally this game is great very few problems from the beta as well as an incredible upgrades and addition the only real issues i have found is the price point and a glitch which occasionally happens were your screen goes black
76561198084042941,Recommended,438740,31979101,Posted: 26 May,all,AGuyPlayingAGame,"There are a few bugs, but most hilarious. I haven't had anything game breaking. Some people say the game isn't worth 40$, but that is pretty subjective. I am cetainly getting my moneys worth."
76561198035676580,Recommended,438740,32007125,Posted: 27 May,all,MadCaTz,Great game.hoping they make more versions of Jason like a hell jason or something.
,Recommended,438740,32008717,Posted: 27 May,all,Crooks,"Fun game but there are a lot of issues... two that bug me the most;Can't save my loadout at all, it always resets itself. Also, the game likes to say I am level 0 and then it will bounce back to my current level after about 10 mins. Sometimes when this happens right after a match the exp for that match doesnt even count...."
,Recommended,438740,31991932,Posted: 27 May,all,Light,"Ok, now that i've got into the servers i have to say this games is reallly fun. The controlls are a bit weird to get used to but once you got used to them they are easy to use. This game is really tense."
76561198052179569,Not Recommended,438740,31985129,Posted: 26 May,all,Achilles,Game was good but the developers of this game are psychotic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. They released a broken game that does not work anymore and has a ton of connection issues probably because they are hosting on a cheap server. I am getting my money back and these people that made this game should never make a video game again. They ruined gaming for me and many others. This game should not be priced at $39.99 if isn't even going to work. This is a joke and this game should be removed from steam and Gun Media should never be able to work on a triple AAA title ever again. They are a joke♥♥♥♥♥company and it's not shocking that they don't care about people who pay their hard earned money to their products since if you look at the developer team they're not even in half decent shape. They probably stole our Money and wasting it on fast food and who knows what else.
,Recommended,438740,32008340,Posted: 27 May,all,Trigger Spark,"Let's get the cons over with. The animations are a bit janky and there are bugs. Now that being, I'm a bit lenient considering the indie state of the developers of this game. For what they made, I have been having a blast with this game and I don't plan on stopping. That's impressive considering I dislike multi-player games. Give it a try and you'll have fun."
76561198018482347,Not Recommended,438740,32008114,Posted: 27 May,all,StreamsFall,"I really hope this game gets some major improvments over the next few weeks/months.Reasons.- Lack in content.- Gamebreaking glitches.- Bad controls.- Server issues.- Horrible camera angles.- Wonky combat.- Can't pick to play as Jason.It's such a shame to see a game like this having a really shaking start.Great concept, just needs massive improvments then I may come back to it."
76561198376133362,Recommended,438740,32007899,Posted: 27 May,all,SixthSonOfSatan,"Game is super fun to play, but the servers are horrible to try and connect to right now. Also, not sure if the game has enough content to justify the price tag."
,Recommended,438740,32007950,Posted: 27 May,all,Carl the Zamboni Operator,"The game is really fun and is a better version of dead by daylight already, it actually encourages teamwork. 40 dollars does seem like a strech though. there are a few  small bugs but im sure they will be fixed"
,Recommended,438740,32007865,Posted: 27 May,all,Davion,yes
76561198309266163,Recommended,438740,32008009,Posted: 27 May,all,Senpai_Zach,"9 out of 10 because of some miner bugsbut most games have them allready!so what are you wating for, buy the game(i sold my knife on CS for this game)"
,Recommended,438740,32008280,Posted: 27 May,all,TickleFatKids,"Greate Game I Love How It's Detailed It Look's Amazing, The Caracters Look Absolutely Great All Of The Jason's Look Terrifying But Their Are Still Some Bugs In The Game So I Say 10/10 Is One Of The Best Horror Games Of 2017."
76561198106032868,Recommended,438740,32021624,Posted: 28 May,all,stunner,Good game has little pit bugs.
,Recommended,438740,32021817,Posted: 28 May,all,TheSaltNation,i do reccomend this because what people are saying about servers ive not experienced but i did have to wait 15 sec to 30 sec which they could make it better but hey the graphics are cool af the overall atmosphere is great but the controls are hard sometimes and i think they should make it easier wwhen jason grabbs you you can break free easier so people dont die straight away and i think the diffrent get away ideas are awesome but its maybe worth 30$ not 40$ thats pushing it but its great for friends and great for other player interations people actually help and g along with the suspense its great so i do reccomend it just not for 40$ try to get it from other websites that list it at a lower price point
76561198120413289,Recommended,438740,32022169,Posted: 28 May,all,Gunner™ (G.E.W.P.),"I have played a good 17 hours or so by now and I can say that I recommend this game, but with flaws. First of all, this game is a blast! Me and my friends love to just survive together and ♥♥♥♥ with Jason a couple times or two. But the thing is, the game feels unfinished. There are tons of bugs, one of which broke my game because I couldn't get out of a closet. I constantly roll for a perk but it just keeps rolling, rolling, and rolling until I decide to leave the game. My counselor gets stuck in an animation sometimes when I try to run from Jason after an attack, and Jason sometimes gets stuck breaking down doors. The list of bugs just keeps going on and on. Don't get me wrong, the game is a blast! But right now, the game is in a ditch. The dev. team needs to step it up and fix their♥♥♥♥♥♥ I don't wanna see this game fall because of a bad start. I would give this game a negative if I didn't see it's potential. This game will be great in the next month or two as long as the developers want it to."
76561198103345004,Recommended,438740,32022175,Posted: 28 May,all,Kip,pretty neat
,Recommended,438740,32021815,Posted: 28 May,all,21 Supreme,"Hello guys!Let's begin with the release. The release was a disaster. 1/3 of the players couldn't play the game. They're trying to fix the problem ASAP. The game itself is fun. Jason the most notorious killer. The game is a hide and seek of some sort. The game is really fun. If you just bought the game and it's not working for you don't return it. Wait a couple of days. I know they released it on a weekend and everybody wanted to play it , but that's just life. After it's fixed you're gonna regret that you returned the game. I recommend the game."
76561198235063200,Recommended,438740,32022055,Posted: 28 May,all,PLOXYPORO,A verry good game and you will enjoyed it !
,Recommended,438740,32022146,Posted: 28 May,all,Flavkkis,"♥♥♥♥ these guys saying this game is bad! It is an amazing experience and an amazing game with a few bugs that are not game breaking, and maybe even give you a laugh or two at least. So stop whining, this game is good!"
,Recommended,438740,32021756,Posted: 28 May,all,rab,"This game is great! I will probably play this one for quite some time.Pros:Imerses you quite well with familiar sceens from Friday the 13th movie series.Playing as Jason makes you feel like a complete♥♥♥♥♥in a good way.Different ""camp counselors"" with different stats and perks to unlock and use.Different Jasons to choose that have different stats and executions to unlock and abuse.Different weapons for the ""camp counselors""Cons:Some of the combat is either buggy/unbalanced with the blocking mechanics and melee mechanics as well.Music can sometimes bug out and not be heard at all. Which is crutal to tell when Jason is close or not.Killing Jason bugs out alot. I have only killed Jason once and every other time I try to do it it bugs out.Otherwise a solid game that I am glad I spent my 40$ on. I wish I had backed the kickstarter so I could get the exclusive Jason with that but I didn't so too late now.They have a singleplayer mode coming out sometime in the future.They should add the r8 for the ""camp counselors"" to use and make it a one hit kill.8.5/10"
76561198084521581,Recommended,438740,31971632,Posted: 26 May,all,F13durante6,"Friday the 13th the game is one of the best games I have played in a very very long time. It is survive or die. I found all of the parts for a 2 seater once and I was trying to find somone to come with me but while I was gone they stole it, I shot the driver in the head and I took over the car. This game is so much fun to play with friends, and even random people who you will meet in the game. I have freined like 10 people from this game alone.pros+great music+many ways to escape+ A vareity of diffrent skills for each counselor+ Many diffrent kinds of Jasons+ All of the cool kills+ The map looks very similar to the moviescons- For right now you dont get a ton of content for the 40 dollars (I am still having fun 12 hours in)- There are many bugs at its current stateOverall I am a huge fan of this game and i think it was worth the 40$ pricetag8/10 once the bugs are fixed and they add more content it will be a 10"
,Not Recommended,438740,32163003,Posted: 3 June,all,GreatBallsOfSteel,This game has a lot of fixing that needs to be done before I'm going to play it again. The e system when Jason graps you is a lie. Jason can spawn grap you. The combat system is clunky.
76561198298541554,Recommended,438740,32508373,Posted: 17 June,all,Mrbeefcurta1ns,Be still my tender heart.............
76561198344626512,Not Recommended,438740,32514662,Posted: 17 June,all,Podrick,"it is fun for the first few hours, with friends as well. I do like playing as jason but it gets old fast. The gameplay is a little sluggish and you could say thats needed for a game like this but i mean, its weird when trying to open doors, gets weapons, trying to hit jason etc. When they release the single player later in the year then my opinion might change, but the little content for $40 is not justifiable."
,Not Recommended,438740,32485475,Posted: 16 June,all,JuD,Fun to play but you can't change the controls so until then its not worth the price
,Recommended,438740,32509585,Posted: 17 June,all,TreeXe,"This game is pure gold, thats all there is"
76561198198892373,Not Recommended,438740,32164441,Posted: 3 June,all,Memes.Dank,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphics and buggy,i can not believe how little the developers care about this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game,it is depressing how bad this ♥♥♥♥ing game is,save yourself before you play it,i have never played an entire match of this game without encountering a game breaking bug or ten.more bugs than sonic 2006"
76561198090580257,Recommended,438740,32500674,Posted: 17 June,all,NORxCAL_707,i like it
76561198289733822,Recommended,438740,32480461,Posted: 16 June,all,Avistare,"So after writing a negative review on the game I'm now re-writing it. My stance on the game has slightly changed after one of the developers commented on my review. It seems they are at work to make the game better and I look forward to seeing where they take the game. I suggest the support for this game, it is fun and I have faith the dev's will make it great.From Dev;We're sorry you didn't enjoy the game. We are aware of these issues and are working hard on correcting them. We set the price point prior to release when discussing what we'd like in the game. We'll be adding some of these features, including single player, over the summer."
76561198090875874,Recommended,438740,32376543,Posted: 12 June,all,NC,The fact you have to get the game before its release to get Savini Jason sucks like you should be able to get the skin before like june 15th or 20th but I still recommend the game and the skin better be cheap if its going to be a dlc not like 5 dollars for that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.
,Recommended,438740,32544690,Posted: 18 June,all,lilhagan,"While this game can get repetative, I highly suggest getting it if you're a big Jason fan. This is hands down one of the best hide and seek games you'll play.With friends it is hilarious, and with people online its also pretty intresting. You may get bored quick, but it soon picks back up when its your turn to play as jason.The devs also seem to be pretty keen to keep updating the game so don't be surprised when more stuff is added pretty quick. I would love to see a Nightmare on elm street one next!currently a 6.5/10"
,Not Recommended,438740,32434455,Posted: 15 June,all,KaptainKrunch,"Great concept and very fun for the most part, but unfortunately, extremely broken.I have very much enjoyed my time playing Friday the 13th, however, recently their seems to be a huge growing number of glitches that have not been resolved, and also even when proof is supplied, no punishment is recieved for the abusers. I have witnessed many glitches on all maps, as simple as hiding in a waldrobe and somehow Jason not being able to activate his kill move to kill them, to something massive like being able to glitch onto a roof so Jason yet again cannot get to you. I have seen this from being a counsler and Jasons perspective and each way even if I am not Jason is game breaking and very annoying. You will be forced then to wait about 20 minutes (A full match if you died early) watching someone glitched into a walldrobe/roof and even some places in water you can glitch where Jason cannot reach you. Devs NEED to come up with some sort of punish system because its ruining the enjoyment of the game and it will cost them in the long run. If players are warned on logging ""We are monitoring for Rulebreaking and glitch abusers, if you are reported with screenshots provided or seen doing it, you will be banned for 1 week, second attempt will result in a permanent ban."" I am positive if just a message was implimented it would reduce the amount of abusers drasticly, glitching is not worth risking to lose what you paid for the game. But also these rules should be concrete and used so that the players who are actually enjoying the game to its full protental and play in peace of mind. I would highly recommend this game, but I would also recommend not buying it until you can confirm this problem is solved on some forum, otherwise you will be paying to be stood outside a cuboard while some child shouts abuse that you are unable to attack him and ""How awesome he is at glitching."""
76561198215451125,Recommended,438740,32549774,Posted: 18 June,all,Juggman,i love this game its super fun with friends
76561198356326640,Recommended,438740,32542523,Posted: 18 June,all,Jimmy Halpert,This is a great game.  It does not compare to other co-op horror games.  It has many bugs and glitches but it is over all a great game.
76561198165127108,Recommended,438740,32542168,Posted: 18 June,all,Deppel B.C.,"fun game, just wish for more content and bug fixes"
,Recommended,438740,32561150,Posted: 19 June,all,HassePlayz ☀❦,Funny game ^^ Thumbs up :D
76561198069465728,Recommended,438740,32531145,Posted: 18 June,all,BuddyJason,i wish they added a asia dedicated server that be so good so i wont be getting 230 ms ... i wish we have asia server so all SEA players can have fun with no lags pls add it in plus this game is very fun with or without your friends
76561198051606430,Recommended,438740,32006300,Posted: 27 May,all,Valtico,It's bloody fun!
,Recommended,438740,32465347,Posted: 15 June,all,Ice-Creaman,"Overall, a good solid co-op/multiplayer survival game. It was what I expected. It took me almost forever to find a match with at least enough players to start the game. Wouldn't recommend it to anyone who can't bear the issue from time to time.UPDATE: The devs fixed the glitches/bugs and match making issue. Now the game runs smoothly. I haven't notice any bugs so far. And the game feels more polished. Would recommend to anyone who's into these kind of survival co-op cuz now it is a fun game to play with friends or even solo."
76561198396849251,Not Recommended,438740,32553146,Posted: 18 June,all,nancy3720,the game does not work
76561198331440648,Recommended,438740,32455892,Posted: 15 June,all,Tyler,"The game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome, bye."
,Not Recommended,438740,32426960,Posted: 14 June,all,Buzz Lightyear,"60 minutes in you have seen the whole game. Not worth the $40 price tag at all. Still a lot of bugs, very slow gameplay. The game mechanics really don't shine either. Needs lots of adjustment and gameplay improvements before it should of been released."
,Not Recommended,438740,32427942,Posted: 15 June,all,WomboDongo,"This game is REALLY fun! The one downside to it; however, is really detracting from the fun.This game needs to prioritize local servers.As in: People on the East coast should join servers on the East Coast. NAers should join NAers. Right now its everyone from everywhere can join your game. This pits you with people who don't know your language, who are often times quite laggy, and most players are toxic towards. I understand that the dev team is small, and waiting on an console patch first, but this is something that needs to be fixed ASAP before I can change the review to positve.SIDE: Can't remap keys. Kinda lame."
,Recommended,438740,32458197,Posted: 15 June,all,Blaqwulf,A must have for any fan of the genre
,Recommended,438740,32457318,Posted: 15 June,all,21st Rec SC,"For a game baised on a movie, this is a lot of fun!A group of councelers must try and escape camp befor Jason gets to them. They can do this by either staying alive for about 20min of game time, finding a fuse - repairing the phone - call the cops who show up within 5 min (you must run to the police), find a battery/gas/car keys and put them into a car to drive out of the camp, find gas/propelor and put them on a boat to escape. Or kill Jason."
,Not Recommended,438740,32452148,Posted: 15 June,all,Sylvanarr,"Was expecting to try the game as jason cause can't really talk at late hours, can't choose which side to play only a ""prefered side"", hit quick game button got dropped in a room full of noisy people, have to play as survivor, alt+f4 uninstalling the game and getting a refund.Don't do an asymmetric game if you won't let people decide which side to play, dead by daylight and evolved got that right at least.Also can't rebind keys."
,Recommended,438740,32459881,Posted: 15 June,all,Bill Clinton,"A great a fun game, it does have flaws but the human interaction makes up for most of it."
,Recommended,438740,32459954,Posted: 15 June,all,jeb0y,"Nice game and so thrilling, recommended for play with your friends :D"
76561197990607249,Recommended,438740,32460000,Posted: 15 June,all,N-Drou,10/10 if you are a fan of the serie. 7/10 otherwise.
76561198148622466,Recommended,438740,32486486,Posted: 16 June,all,soggystrongman11,"I highly recommend this game for anyone seeking a game where teamwork and communication thrive and must be used to survive an enemy much more powerful than every other character. Many other reviews say that there are many glitches, bugs, etc. However, I have not seen more than a few minor bugs here and there (ie. getting stuck between objects) and maybe a single major one within the whole entire week. This game is highly worth the money and has fixed up to meet the standard of a full release."
,Recommended,438740,32493499,Posted: 16 June,all,SILENT STORM,best horror game ever!!!!! its been awhile since i played a horror game so i found on steam and it was this its fun!!!!
76561198364556070,Recommended,438740,32494033,Posted: 16 June,all,Cristian Pomohaci,This game is very good .it worth 36 euros
,Recommended,438740,32494810,Posted: 16 June,all,dimey,i would just like to say the spectators should be able to view the map period.
76561198225880248,Recommended,438740,32495467,Posted: 16 June,all,DeurinTheGhost🎃,Awsome game cant wait to see what dlc and. Other content is added to this game
,Recommended,438740,32041989,Posted: 29 May,all,Chewnn,"Why the ♥♥♥♥ would you release a game with a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of bugs.this game is amazing but the login bugs and other bugs are unbearableUpdate: The login bugs are fixed. but for some reason ive gotten bored of the game. Maybe because i wa hoping to be scared more, or maybe i was comparing it to much to another game. I liked it and i might play it again. but for now im going back to skyrim"
,Not Recommended,438740,32830438,Posted: 26 June,all,Sonico,"The game is cool. But there are too many bug, glitch and exploit that ruins it at the moment. For a 40$ product one should expect a less rusty game.I will update the review once devs have fixed most of the problems, but at this current state it doesn't worth 40$."
76561197960458790,Not Recommended,438740,32165771,Posted: 3 June,all,{GeeZ} Sgt.Ward,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ devs.
76561197966643536,Not Recommended,438740,32001812,Posted: 27 May,all,[CNT] Malov,Don't pay $40 for this POS game that doesn't even work. They basically released a non working game to increase profits before the game was even complete. Most people can't even get connected to the servers and by the time you do get connection you will be lvl 1 while everyone else is at a much higher level making it extremely difficult to survive.
77788877778888778,Recommended,438740,32001814,Posted: 27 May,all,Jommy Tarvis,"I think this game is very fun, and NON camparable to Dead by Daylight, because guess what? This isn't Dead by Daylight.I dont have too many hours on this game but let me quickly show my pros and cons of what I have so far.Cons--Jason is slightly overpowered, his sense can let him find you instantly, and I really think he should on be able to grab you if your injured-Sometimes things just dont work, like locking or barricading a door you have to move and shift around for a minute to get the lock symbol to come up-Fighting Jason is almost useless if he can just grab you, point taken-Once your injured theres no chance of survival without medical, which is rare to get, because of the huge decrease in speed-Few minor but no game breaking visual errors-Not sure if servers in the european regeion or even further even exist, I always have those 1-3 players with 300+ pingPros--Game is ridiculously fun, if Jason comes to your place do you hide, fight, or belly flop out the broken window? (should probably run since the other two are suicide)-While a lot may say Jason is overpowered, what do you expect? its Jason, hes just so cool and badass! Lots of cool executions. Dying has never been so fun-Promised updates to make the game more than worth the $40, so thats cool because as of right now its more of a $30 game-The ambience and tension, its a true horror game! Ive played games like Outlast, and the new Resident Evil, but theres no fear like Jason axing your door down!-The music is really nice, its constantly playing spooky music, very Jason themes, and it really kicks up when he's chasing you down!-The game is fun in general, you spawn alone, do you group up with the others or so your own thing while your friends get slaughtered?-There are multiple ways to end of course by police, Driving away, boat, surviving, or who knows if you can do this, but try ganging up on the guy and just beating him down. Who knows?-Graphics are really nice, the forest is on pointThats all I have, my few suggestions would be to slightly tone down how easy it is for Jason to find a person, and make it so he can only grab injured players, to compensate for the nerf, add 5 or 10 minutes to the clock.Also a big thing, when you die, you dont get rewards till the end of the match, forcing you to wate a possibly 20 minute match. Please let players leave and get their rewards."
,Recommended,438740,32001823,Posted: 27 May,all,FateofReality,"Now, whether this game is worth 40 dollars is up to you. I'll just tell you whats in the game and why I think F13 is a good game.As of release, there are 3 different maps to play on, they do have similar feels and envirionments, but all have different layouts entirely.There are 10 counselors to play (11 if you count Tommy who is summoned in game by phone and can be used to revive a dead player) several of these counselors are locked and unlocked through progression. Each counselor has their own perks that can be gained by spending in game currency to roll 2 random parts that make up a perk (a negative part and positive part), they also have preset stats that give them an advantage in certain aspects, for example, counselors high in stealth are easier to hide from Jason. The game gives details on what each stat does thankfully.There are 6 Jasons to play, each of them having their own special quirks (Part 6 Jason has a spear thats longer ranged but reduced damage, plus it takes longer to break down doors, but he has more throwing knives and improved Sense which helps detect where counselors are. Part 3 Jason has an Axe which deals more damage, but has less range. He can also move faster than other Jasons).As you play matches you'll earn CP points which are used to gain perks for counselors or spend on unique kills for Jason. Performing unique kills with Jason (like context kills which use the environment like fireplaces) gain you more XP than other types of kills.There are a few ways to survive against Jason, 1. Survive till the end of the game's time limit, which is I think about 20 mintues; 2. Escape from Lason by boat or car; 3. Call the cops and run to the exit (Cops have a time limit of 5 mintues before they arrive) 4. Kill Jason (This is by far the hardest type of victory)Counselors have many different weapons and tools to help them survive, (EX. a pocket Knife will allow you to escape from Jason's grasp and stun him for sometime, weapons like the Machete and Baseball bat stun Jason as well, the shotgun stuns Jason for a very long time, Counselors can aslo use pots, pans, flare gun, firecrackers, pipes, etc.) They can also obtain med spray to heal from injuries, find walkie talkies to communicate anywhere on the map with other players that have walkie talkies, gain maps from bulletin boards located in various spots outside, and obtain items to fix the car or boat to escape.Jason has plenty of tricks up his sleeve however to kill the counselors: Jason can break windows so that if a counselor goes through them, they'll take damage. He can break down doors so hiding won't save you for long. He'll have plenty of bear traps to use anywhere. Jason will also be able to find throwing knives around the map so he'll be able to hit you from a distance (get to practicing those jukes). Jason has 4 special abilities to use to track and catch up to the counselors. 1. Morph- Teleport to any location on the map (spawns you in its general area) 2. Stalk- more stealthy movement, mutes proximity music 3. Shift- Allows Jason to cover long distances in seconds and sneak up on unfortunate counselors 4. Sense- Jason can see where a counselor is within range, if they're in a cabin, the cabin will light up red but you don't know their exact location inside the cabin.Praises:-This game makes playing Jason very fun, always feels rewarding when you get a kill-Counselors are surprisingly fun to play, always intense when you're near Jason-Variety in kills for Jason and amount of Jasons and Counselors to play make the game have good varietyProblems-Game has some animatioon bugs that needs working out (grabing doesnt feel all that accurate, sometimes you hit a wall instead of breaking down the door as Jason, other graphical oddities-Counselors can hit and kill each other, which is a recipe for disaster when it comes to trollsOverall this game, to me, is good, totally worth playing with friends and can still be fun solo as well. $40 is a lot to ask for, especially in comparison to Dead by Daylight. But I think this game is FAR BETTER than Dead by Daylight. But its really up to you, does this sound like its worth your $40? Maybe not but remember, theres always steam sales!"
,Recommended,438740,32001395,Posted: 27 May,all,PunqS,Fun run
,Recommended,438740,32001369,Posted: 27 May,all,LordFel,(Y)
,Recommended,438740,32001979,Posted: 27 May,all,Mortem,Beats dead by daylight to a pulp.. Not everyone will agree.. But this game gives the survivors/counselers way more to do and way more options In how to handle the killer.Dead by daylight was fun but the really shity servers and repedetiv outcome of rounds made me lose interest.This may also become repedetiv.. but as a huge fan of Friday the 13th movies.. I think the cameos and omage to the movies are pure and there for both survivors and killers to enjoy..Still I say wait.. Wait for a bit more updates.. It's very glitchy.. Not unplayable but still..  Also There's only one gamemode and 3 maps.. So I can see people losing interest quick..
,Recommended,438740,32001994,Posted: 27 May,all,Grey,"Repetitive, and not without its flaws/bugs. It does admittedly feel like an early access title but overall it's fun as hell. Some may want to wait for some of the planned updates later this year but as is I'm enjoying it thoroughly. It's not amazing, but it's definitely got the makings of the Friday the 13th game I've always wanted."
76561198140317341,Recommended,438740,32009743,Posted: 27 May,all,TheSandyDonut,love this game i highly recommend
76561198044757167,Recommended,438740,32009527,Posted: 27 May,all,Smileattack123,eeees good
76561198040779261,Recommended,438740,32010323,Posted: 27 May,all,Tywran csgoatse.com,Great game
,Recommended,438740,32134819,Posted: 2 June,all,Monst3rCaptain,"Will vote ""No"" until the russian speaking peeps get their own servers.. it's impossible to speak if you cant russian..But seriously now.. The game is awesome.At the moment it got some bugs and a lot of glitches but that is just funny.If you play this game with a couple of friends you will have alot of good times!If people dont wanna use a mic and speak to you won't make the game bad just harder to survive, you can always survive and if you are Jason next round you can kill that basterds!"
76561198213893161,Recommended,438740,32202221,Posted: 5 June,all,Freddy,Having much fun with the game .
76561198006989511,Recommended,438740,32210932,Posted: 5 June,all,Happy Cow,"Intense game to play with friend or just online, it's fun on both sides killer or victims. As well, brings the fun of being in the movie!Fun game to play!"
,Recommended,438740,32211856,Posted: 5 June,all,LeoOfAllTrades,This game is very fun with people that talk.
,Recommended,438740,32211783,Posted: 5 June,all,©heeto Fingers,Why so much hate from critics? This game will be gold once it's all patched up.
,Recommended,438740,32211793,Posted: 5 June,all,Zeppeloni,"How to easy win by style1.get a asian server2.find a pocket knife, a fire cracker and a spray3.find that delicious bat4.go venture house to house5.wait until everybody get killed or leave that makes you 3 people basicly me, some asian dude and asian jason6.see your fellow ""friend"" escape using 2 cars but he doesnt pick you up eve you in the side of the road that makes youand just the  asian jason7.no matter, a pro player never quit (sometimes)8.go to jason hut9.steal his momma sweater10.sit in campfire (cause campfire decrease your fear drastically)11.wait until the asian jason ragequit because he cant find you10/10 would camp in campfire again"
,Recommended,438740,32211871,Posted: 5 June,all,scylan -iwnl-,nice game.
76561198089146886,Recommended,438740,32224143,Posted: 6 June,all,Dwarven Potato csgo-raffle.com,Never had a single problem with the game.Always had a tense but fun round with this.Never have I been so addicted so quickly.
,Recommended,438740,32223438,Posted: 6 June,all,Beaner Orange,This game real nice
,Recommended,438740,32010400,Posted: 27 May,all,CR4CK,Dont listen to the haters.game is funny as hell.if you wanna test it go for it and watch your 2h timer.this is not DBD its Fridy the 13th.this game is focused on jason and how you can beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the counselors.most of the time you will not escape.it is all about how far you can come.the only bad thing is the price tag it is way to expensiv for that content.
,Recommended,438740,32221579,Posted: 6 June,all,Squidulous,"Friday the  13th is an amazing game which is filled with tense and action packed moments. The game has lots of potential for an early access game and already offers amazing things such as optimization, gameplay, mechanics and physics. The community on this game is unreal and you will usually come into contact with great players who are willing to work together to escape from Jason."
,Not Recommended,438740,31977085,Posted: 26 May,all,BootyClaps,After playing a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of hours this game is fun yes. Lots of hacks and exploits going around currently. But the biggest issue with me is jason can instant kill you and grab you from 20ft away. He can also grab you through walls and glitch through traps. In the current state I say yes this is fun but not worth 40.
76561198015734401,Recommended,438740,32283273,Posted: 8 June,all,Offlawnn,"They're working on the bugs, but in the meantime I haven't had any real problems or glitches.  This game is fun in a way that's hard to explain.  Is it repetitive, yes.  Is it challenging, yes!  The game is truly a co-op where counselors have to work together to truly have a good chance of escaping.  Playing as Jason is incredibly fun as well, and it's not easy to be him even though he's powerful.  You still have a lot of experience to get good at any character, Jason or Counselor.  Lots of upgrades and options as well.  I rarely spend the cash for a brand new game, I like to wait and see if the game is truly going to be good but in all honesty I had to fork over the cash because the game looked like so much fun on Youtube, and I'm glad I spent it!"
,Recommended,438740,32269127,Posted: 8 June,all,Exodus Tal !,its a nice game...but not worth 40 $
76561198026967777,Recommended,438740,32284253,Posted: 8 June,all,nick1320,"Really good and fun horror game.Always a stable 60 fps on epic and high setting with a i5 3350p, gtx 970 and 8 gb ram"
76561198103028813,Recommended,438740,32274155,Posted: 8 June,all,SAV,Fun game but I can see why people are annoyed with it.  Personally sometimes when i'm Jason I can't attack because of a bug and i have to leave the match.  other than the bugs and little content its a fun game but takes a bit to learn how to play and escape.
76561198159859070,Recommended,438740,32273460,Posted: 8 June,all,thepropo,"the game is really fun and cooperativepros:many ways to kill counselorsvery intense as a counselorthere are so much counselors and clothes for themthere are many jasonsvery good graphicscons:jason is a little to overpoweredwhen they are scared , the counselor look like broken dollsyou get boredthere isn't a tutorial of how to playhiding is USELESS in this gamethere are some really annoying bugsthe game is really ok but they need to add updates a LOT of updates or this game  will go down"
76561198096787409,Recommended,438740,32279702,Posted: 8 June,all,Sivik,"Great game, highly enjoyable, I love how it makes you feel like Jason or one of the survivors, my only bone to pick with it is the fact that there isn't a high chance of playing as jason and how there isn't dedicated servers, especially for australia. But either then that, great game to play with friends for an enjoyable time"
,Recommended,438740,32288887,Posted: 9 June,all,The Punisher,Hilarious fun game.
,Recommended,438740,32296555,Posted: 9 June,all,taagul,"You're with your babyAnd you're parked aloneOn a summer nightYou're deep in loveBut you're deeper in the woodsYou think you're doin' alrightDid you hear that voiceDid you see that faceOr was it just a dreamThis can't be realThat only happens, babeOn the movie screenOh, but he's backHe's the man behind the maskAnd he's out of controlHe's backThe man behind the maskAnd he crawled out of his holeYou're swimmin' with your girlOut on lovers' lakeAnd the wind blows coldIt chills your bonesBut you're still on the makeThat's a bad mistakeAhh, But the moon was fullAnd you had a chanceTo be all aloneBut you're not aloneThis is your last danceAnd your last romanceYeah, cause he's backHe's the man behind the maskAnd he's out of controlHe's backThe man behind the maskAnd he crawled out of his holeOh, if you see him comin'Get away if you canJust keep on runnin'Run as fast as you canHe's a dangerous, dangerous manAnd he's out tonightAnd he's watchin' youAnd he knows your houseNo, don't turn out the lightsYeah, cause he's backHe's the man behind the maskAnd he's out of controlHe's backThe man behind the maskAnd he's after your soulHe's backHe's the man behind the maskAnd he's out of controlHe's backThe man behind the maskAnd he's after your soulHe's backHe's the man behind the maskAnd he's out of controlHe's backThe man behind the maskAnd he's after your soul"";-)"
,Recommended,438740,32281822,Posted: 8 June,all,Mutzadel,"So we all know the launch was wack. But, the game itself is extremely fun. There are bugs like all games but it makes it a fun little experience to see someone floating with a hole in there chest. The community is extremely kindhearted and down to earth people. However there is always a little bit of toxicity. I reccomend using a mic it makes the experience 10x better. The gameplay is like no other cause I go into games expecting to die and if you expect to escape everytime you will have a bad time. When you do escape while expecting to die it feels that much better. It's extremely fun to play with friends in a private lobby or just to party in a quickplay. I wouldn't know because I don't have any friends, but I have heard it makes it better. The developers are very transparent as they always tell you what they are working on and aware of. They have made one hell of a game for a small dev team.One of the best games I have played in a while 9/10"
76561198100322287,Recommended,438740,32287800,Posted: 9 June,all,[K9]DODGEGUY95,"♥♥♥♥ING GREAT! Love the game, still waitging for single player!"
76561198347282161,Recommended,438740,32286869,Posted: 9 June,all,E.N.D,Good game but to hard for begginer :v
76561198062418309,Recommended,438740,32285386,Posted: 9 June,all,Mel Volfire,"It has it's glitch moments but I'm sure it'll be patched over time. Honestly I think this game is a bit of a thriller and hilarious. Running from jason, the music freaks your out sometimes or keeps ya a bit off, especially to new players. The community tends to be hilarious. If I can be killed by a jason while they talk in a Micky Mousy or Elmo voice then I then I think this game is also able to shine through it's player base despite any early game flaws."
76561198273058441,Recommended,438740,32359819,Posted: 12 June,all,GH00STIE,"love the game but its getting boring if i dont go the perfered role most of the time which is jason. If the devs can add A jason search que and Counselors search que. would make things better and everyone can be happy only slashing away as jason,"
76561198163316041,Recommended,438740,32346830,Posted: 11 June,all,Yeheli,With all his bugs this game is recommended! I can 't stop playing itThe game is worth the money it requires ( :
76561198128322375,Recommended,438740,32348851,Posted: 11 June,all,Truu Chnky,"This game is great! So far I have only played with randoms and it is a lot of fun. It's so funny talking to people as you try to survive from Jason. The game's experience is better when you play it with friends. I have only got 4.5 hours on this game but it is very good. Many people complain about the Price and the bugs but the price is worth it and the bugs aren't exploited often however there can be random bugs that can ruin the experience. For example, sometimes Jason can hit through the walls. I hope this is fixed soon since all it needs is a new collision system. My overall impression of the game is that it's great! I haven't been able to stop playing since i got the game today!"
,Recommended,438740,32359524,Posted: 12 June,all,xIslandGamerx,"Still in its early stages and lovin' gameplay so far. I reccomend this game. Despite the glitches and textures missin' here and there as well as funky walking on Jason when walkin' through the forest, great game! Def reccomend playin' with friends or be amazed by how ♥♥♥♥♥♥ things can get online or meet cool people to survive the horrors of Jason."
,Recommended,438740,32359492,Posted: 12 June,all,WESCO,"A fun and addicting game, but very, very buggy. The bugs will ruin some of your games, especially when you are Jason.My biggest problem with the game currently is survivor play. It's too random. There is no clear objective or win condition. You either get lucky or you don't.Calling the police is the easiest way to escape, but getting them called is not all that common since the phone fuse is either difficult to find, or in many situations can disappear if the player holding the fuse is killed.In some rounds, you will get stuck trying to fix a car, but if Jason catches on and kills most of the survivors (and especially if the fuse is already missing), you are screwed. There is no way to win other than hiding in a corner and hoping Jason doesn't find you until the excessive 20 minute round timer runs out.As Jason, the game is more focused, because there are 7 elusive objectives running around the map. While difficulty may vary based on how may tools the survivors have managed to randomly uncover, the outcome is far more in your own control.If the many glitches are addressed and survivor gameplay is made more ""gamey"" and less based on chance, I think this could be a great game. As it is, it's just a fun game."
76561198017061629,Recommended,438740,32024889,Posted: 28 May,all,BTux,"I purchased this game on launch day but was not able to play it due to being on an insider preview of Windows.  After receiving an insider preview update and the devs patched the game I have been able to play.I enjoy several elements of this game such as: Jason's kill cutscenes, playing as Tommy Javris, personally getting scared when Jason pops onto the screen unexpectedly, being able to set up traps and watching others play after being killed.I like the graphics in both cutscenes and in-game.  I can achieve steady 60fps with my RX 480 GFX card running inside an AMD FX-8350 @ 4.5Ghz, FX990 motherboard, 16GB DDR3, SSD RAID-0."
76561198121735481,Recommended,438740,32345492,Posted: 11 June,all,[SGN]_ShyGuy_M_YT,"This game is fun, intense, and exciting, however I am 4 hours in, and I have never played as Jason. I recommend playing this game with friends. You can play online with randoms, but it is more fun to play with your friends. The price isn't bad considering most games are $60 at launch. I also like that this game isn't very hardware demanding and the graphics are pretty good. This game is amazing, considering it was a kickstarter funded game."
,Recommended,438740,32345740,Posted: 11 June,all,Andy2090,I love this game. Yes it can get repetitive but definitely a lot of fun. When you talk to people and get involved you can spend a while on the game. With the upcoming single player content and no doubt other additions I can't say to many bad things about it apart from having the occasional CTD which the developers seem to be actively fixing.Recommended
76561198276980910,Recommended,438740,32340707,Posted: 11 June,all,Spam Inc.,Amazing Game but crashed alot.
76561198251793184,Recommended,438740,32357273,Posted: 11 June,all,Redbulll,Ki Ki Ki Ma Ma Ma !
76561198178077206,Recommended,438740,31981182,Posted: 26 May,all,DandreFalcon,Great game! If you are a fan of Friday the 13th and have a few friends you wanna past sometime with tthis is the game for you. Even if you don't have many friends the community is solid. You'll have lots of fun.
,Recommended,438740,32302352,Posted: 9 June,all,Camy,10/10game is well worth the money (IF YOU HAVE FRIENDS) and I totally reccomend it.Great fun for 'all' the family
76561198130811069,Recommended,438740,32300066,Posted: 9 June,all,Daniel,"I gotta tell you, that this game would have been great had i been able to play it, considering that when i try to it says that i am missing msvcp and vcruntime 140.dll. I tried to download it from other sites because it is no longer available on the microsoft site and am still not able to play it. If anyone has answers, tel me. I just got it working on my laptop."
,Recommended,438740,32013185,Posted: 27 May,all,[Dope]amine,"Upon release the game servers were down so I didn't get a chance to play.  A couple days after, fortunately, they fixed everything and the game was playable.  It's a great social game - potential for fun, yelling and light-hearted panic.  Would recommend.  I think 40 dollars is a bit much for the game, but it's still fun nonetheless.  Devs promise updates and more things to come in the future, so hopefully it'll continue to be fresh.Overall score, probably an 8 - 8.5/10"
,Recommended,438740,32005707,Posted: 27 May,all,[SF28] Drez,"Truely a great game. Worth the $40.That said, it does needs some patches and combat reworks.Jason is meant to be overpowered and camp counselors are meant to die. Ignore reviews that complain primarily about this.Bugs I have encountered:Flare gun doesn't shoot through windows reliably.Driver side pocket knife doesn't work.Jason occasionaly teleports after performing a kill for no reason."
76561198191084307,Recommended,438740,32095966,Posted: 31 May,all,Radical,"Wow just wow,I have played the game for 5 hours straight losing track of time.I live in Australia and everyone says you can't find servers however, I haven't had to wait a minute before I get in a lobby.This is awesome and I wish I supported it on kickstarter :)"
,Recommended,438740,32099323,Posted: 31 May,all,Terrekon,"Shaky launch, some things are a little broken about what Jason can do, but overall a very enjoyable experience."
76561197986471469,Recommended,438740,32099328,Posted: 31 May,all,ImTheBestAround,"The game starts off with the counselors in the middle of the woods gathered around a campfire and a guy walks up and is suddenly attacked by Jason. The counselors get frightened and scatter in various directions. And you start off as random counselor with nothing but your sony walkman ""Joking"". You literally have nothing and must gather supplies found in various dressers, desks, bookshelves etc..You have a stamina gauge and you have to use it effectively otherwise if you encounter Jason you will be an easy kill.Whenever Jason is close by the music becomes more intense (Like in the movies) And you better either find a nice hiding space i.e a wardrobe, under the bed, in a shed, Yes! Jason will chop off your head.I enjoy the gameplay. You really are in survival mode while evading the masked psychopath and keeping your composure while figuring out how you're going to make it out alive.You can play in team mode or you can use the other campers as bait giving you enough time to flee still in tact.Their are various weapons to use to slow down Jason while you escape but you can only use one item so find something you're good with and keep it handy.Pros:The game is fun by yourself and even better with friends.Lots of potential to be a great multiplayer survival horror.The animation and gory deaths scenes are accurate to the movies.Cons:Jason has the power to see through walls and objects so it makes the game sorta unfairJason can teleport so again.. not really fairThe game has occasional glitches and bugs that need to patched.If you're easily scared or not this is a great game that has room for improvement."
76561198113347296,Recommended,438740,32099616,Posted: 31 May,all,Hank Hill,"""he's here im sorry, im so sorry i have to go""9/10Hoping for more counselors/maps later on"
,Recommended,438740,32095823,Posted: 31 May,all,Danny Wan Deag,"Game is fun with friends, quite alot of bugs and server issues but they seem to be fixing them quite quickly is a fun game but maybe buy when on sale"
,Recommended,438740,32204912,Posted: 5 June,all,YA BOI ACE VISCONTI™,"Me and 3 other survivors were all piled into a car, jason shifted infront of us, and we escaped by backing up for a solid 4 minutes. 10/10 would buy again."
,Recommended,438740,32027718,Posted: 28 May,all,TheBatDERP,"Fun, when it works :-/Edit: Works now so no complains from me, really fun to play with friends."
76561198170181854,Recommended,438740,32210996,Posted: 5 June,all,emilligan,Love it
,Recommended,438740,32209635,Posted: 5 June,all,CrackerBlack,"The game is fun, but it is hard to recommend this game at its current price with limited content it has."
76561198003173949,Recommended,438740,32211609,Posted: 5 June,all,asmodeus,Fantastic game. Needs some game balance tuning. Looking forward to more!
76561198368260201,Recommended,438740,32211558,Posted: 5 June,all,TheOnlyJuan,Awesome
,Recommended,438740,32212896,Posted: 5 June,all,[FFM] Sozo,"Let me say at the outset for TLDR despite some issues with flounder overall gameplay, I do enjoy this game in spite of frustrations.I did not get this game becaue im a FT13 Fan, but I like survial based games. Overall, it is the more fun ones I have played/Pros:As a counsouler, it really pays off to play to your characters STR/WEAK and forces you to try and not branch out but play the style you pick.Voice acting on everyone but Tommy Jarvis is pretty good and the whole I am being hunted feel plays out well with the characters design.Jason is enjoyable with defnite ""OP"" feel as he should but doesnt feel like its game breaking.Ample enough escape ways that Jason can't ""Cover all his bases"" so you do have the sense you can escape.Games are a hard 20 minutes long, so if there is someone who can't ""Escape"" but is not being caught, there is no forever waiting.Cons:Right now Jason is kind of broken in some ways, but its only frustrating and not per say,  shouldnt play the game level. His grab animations are off, so even if he is not close enough to you, he can still get you. Reddit Post on it with evidence:https://www.reddit.com/r/F13thegame/comments/6fghjt/proof_jasons_grab_is_broken/Combat is VERY hit or miss as a counsouler. You can dodge Jasons attack, but even with a ""Fighter"" Jason easily out manuvers you attack wise. Very easy to feel confident when you dodge, then Jason ends up getting a insta attack after dodge and pretty much just smacks you over and over with no counterplay.The MAIN issue from above, is its one thing to say play tiffany, get caught and not have enough STR to break free and die. Understandable, she is an amazing scavenger, not a fighter. It is another thing when, Jason has sort of BORKY mechanics and they result in zero counter play EVEN IF you counter play properly (Combat stance, dodgeing, spamming E for break frees but he gets instant animation for kills) The only surefire counterplay that doesnt feel a little BORKED is having a pocket knife which is intended.That would be my main issue overall. Because of Jasons Borky mechanics, things in the game that SHOULD be some form of counter play are VERY unreliable (Flares literally going through is head, firecrackers right next to him but somehow don't trigger distraction, Jasons litterally bunny hopping wallking and it dodging point blank shotgun blasts).Some of this could be latency, but its a bit too common to blame it all on latency (As some games are sub 100 pings for everyone)Music is very fickle in properly telling you things. I have had jason right next to me appear, no music change, and sometimes no map flicker. These are all things that place a character that is already and should be OP into ""Not counterable"" territory, which results in some frustrating gameplay with some of the mechnics you deal with.ALL THAT SAIDI Reccomend this game highly, these are all bugs that can easily be fixed with time and more server stability. Many people seem to enjoy this game more then Dead by Deadlight etc. and In spite of some of Jasons somewhat borky mechanics, its fun when you juke him and escaping feels like a real accomplishment, and i honestly love playing counsoulers over Jason cause its fun being on the run.Reccomend a Buy"
,Recommended,438740,32217701,Posted: 6 June,all,You Smell So Intelligent,"This game is actually LIT.  A perfectly contributed assymetrical multiplayer that equally gives players a fair chance.This might be one of the most fun cooperative horror games to scare you, it's use of music and tension combined with the immersive atmosphere creates something frightening and addictive. The commitment to the accuracy of the Classic 80s movie franchise is extremely notable as well.Though you also have to take in approach that this isn't a Triple A release, and that the developers are currently patching any buggy issues or server crashes.I'm not sure if the facial animation were meant to be comical but definitely adds to THE BANTS.There are only 3 maps, but the way they justified that is by random location placement of items, so no items are in the same place for a new match. Not to mention, the replay value of this game is surprisingly addictive.Each round gives the player an opportunity to create their ownmeta-narrativewithin the story of Friday the 13th, and that in itself turns me on. Once a player starts a new round, they journey through whatever location , finding different items around them which could result to a different outcome. Jason could pop by anytime and it is UP TO YOUR WITS (and if you're smart enough or not), on how to survive a teleporting psycho icon killer.Anyways if you like COOP Dynamic + Horror + Spontaneity + Revamp of the good old times you could spend with your friends.Then children, this sh*t  is for you."
76561198069758382,Recommended,438740,32264313,Posted: 8 June,all,BIG Jason,"My childhood is to watch the United States 80's film grew up, which horror film is my favorite！ ""Friday the 13t"" because the cool looking killer Jason became my favorite horror movie seriesthe！！ quality of the game itself is quite satisfied with. the JASON comes with music is also Restore the characteristics of the film. But as a piece of iron I still hope that the production team to add a Asian server or add Chinese, of course.I hope the production team can see and adopt a one Chinese fan a little bit of the request  ！Thanks to you guys for letting my childhood be able to continue in another way!  love u guys~！~作为一个从小看《13号星期五》的中国玩家 因为自身英语水平还算好 所以在游戏里和老外吹吹牛谈谈话还是没问题的，对于游戏本身的素质我还是挺满意的 JASON自带的音乐也是还原了电影里的特点。 但是 作为一个铁粉 我还是希望制作组添加一点亚洲的服务器 或者加上中文当然也是没问题的. 希望制作组能看见一个处于美国地表正下方的一个来自中国的粉丝的一点点请求吧  谢谢了"
,Recommended,438740,32263931,Posted: 8 June,all,SIA_N4TH4N,This is a very fun game horror type.But it need more content and fixes but i still ejoy:)
,Recommended,438740,32260971,Posted: 7 June,all,Army_Jay,"I was not a backer for this, but I did get to play the beta one time before release. After seeing it, I was for sure to get this game. Then I heard they were going to add single player which made me want to get the game even more. There is not a ton to this game, but it still has me coming back for more. I think it's the slim chance you have against jason that it is so satisfying when you actually get to beat survive.One thing I do not like is at times, you get killed right at the start of the game. Then you end up having to wait around for close to 20 mins for the match to end. I think you should be able to exit the game, as long as tommy jarvis has already been called, or take a point deduction to leave early, but still collect some points.I also hate the doors, i dunno how you could fix it, but people are always ending up on the wrong side of the door when they are trying to get into a house. Maybe I am just rushing, but it seems to happen a lot to me. So I just climb through the windows and then go lock the door.I don't like the fact that you really never find anything on the trails. I use them a lot, probably more than I should. I seem to last longer than sticking in a house or using main roads.Jason.....When do I get to play as Jason. I have set as preference, and I am sure a lot of other people do. But I swear I only got to play as him 4 times out of the 20 hours I have played. I hope single player has a Jason mode!Overall the game is fun and can keep you entertained for a long time, especially if you get a good group of people. It can at times get repetitive doing the same thing over and over. I think the game will get better as time goes on and updates happen. So I say get this game!"
,Recommended,438740,32260727,Posted: 7 June,all,SRJ,"Friday The 13th: The GameAsymetrical multiplayer games have had a troubled past. Most notibly in recent history is Turtle Rock Studio's Evolve released a few years ago, a game that was fun at launch for a few games at a time, but never grew or ""evolved"" its gameplay as you would only play one mode, Hunt (yes I know there were other modes, but nobody voted for them), where you chased the monster forever and it just got old.While some players may say this game is no different, I believe there is great potential here for a great game.I believe this game will be more successful than Evolve.Why? Well, first off, the game is great fun to play as either the counselors on a cooperative team, or as the Blood Thirsty Jason. The counselors need to work together if they want to survive, having one person find all of the parts for the car or the boat or to call the police is not only slow but not effective. Having people look together and communicate makes it really fun to look for parts (which you will be doing all the time when playing as the counselor). I've had a game where I had the keys to the car and someone else had the gas, we were all heading for the car when the guy with gas gets killed by Jason. I distracted Jason long enough for someone to grab the gas, and fill up the car. Then the dead player returned as Tommy Jarvis and shot Jason to stun him. We all then got in the car and I drove all of us to safety. Only one person died and we had a blast. Those moments really make this game great and better than Evolve, as anyone can be any role to the team. If you want to go look for car parts, go do that, if you want to be the anti-grabber, go find the flare gun, firecrackers, and pocketknife. Because there are no classes you are bound to, and anyone can pick any character they want to be, it is like life, you can be who you want to be. The character progression unlocks and perks can further specify how you want to play.I will not say much for being Jason as it is obviously fun to be the killer who is pretty much unstoppable and can taunt the other players.As a twitch streamer, this game is great. A lot of players I have come in contact with role-play and this adds a layer of hillarity to the game and it enhances the experience.Not everything is perfect in this game, the biggest being the value this game brings. At 40$, this may not be full retale price, but this game is a tough sell none the less. There is only one map, one mode, and only so much randomness to the spawn of players and items. The same intro to start the game can get repetitive and shows this game should still be in Early-Access, but it's not. The developer has promised more free content to come in the future, but it is currently not here.There are also a lot of bugs, not enough to ruin the game though, but they are prevelent. Server disconnects are there from time to time, but have improved since the game's launch.There also some balance issues, manly with Jason's shift ability (move very fast while invisible) and grab kill combo. Good Jasons can abuse this combo and not give you a chance to escape or survive it unless you have the pocketknife and other stunning items. Maybe Jason's cooldown on the grab kill could also be increased a little bit, feels to short which makes killing people with your melee weapon too slow and pointless. Other than that, Jason should feel op because he is supposed to be, he's Jason. Those people who argue that he is too op should try and work together with other players on their team, as a team you can fight Jason, the game is 1 versus 7, not 1 v 1 v 1 v 1.TL;DRPros:- Atmosphere is fantastic! Music is spot on and wonderfully spooky- Graphics for enviornment are great, models pretty good, faces look a little weird- The kills are violent and gruesome just like the movies- Role-Playing of players, great for Twitch and Youtubers- Meaningful play as either Jason or the counselor- Deep character progression system and unlocks- Free content to comeCons:- Game is currently not worth 40$- The game can vary from fun to not so much depending on the cooperation of team- Buggy, though not a game killer- Jason's grab kills and in combo with shift ability can be exploited a little bit- One map and one mode currentlyOverall, I am going to give this game a thumbs up and hope this review has been helpful!If you wish to see unedited gameplay, you can watch my past broadcasts on twitch at:https://www.twitch.tv/srj1217/videos/allWith that said, it's time to head back to Camp Crystal Lake!"
,Recommended,438740,32262837,Posted: 8 June,all,DBxOH Skinsgambling.com,Outstanding thriller
,Recommended,438740,32263734,Posted: 8 June,all,[101st]_Cdt_Adams,If you like the thrill of being hunted this is your game.
76561198150773978,Recommended,438740,32260321,Posted: 7 June,all,Satan's Little Helper,"There's no other way to put it. This game is fun. The variation in content is a little slim right now but I have good faith in the development team seeing as they are putting out important bug fixes and exploit patches rather quickly.A big complaint I'm seeing is Jason is op. Yes, he's Jason. Do you remember watching the movie? Feeling the fear the couselors faced when being hunted down and killed? This game does it beautifully because Jason is actually to be feared. Unlike in other chaser games *cough* Dead by Daylight *cough*.Another one I see is this game is incomplete and not worth $40. Incomplete? Yeah I'll admit it, but the fun that's to be had in the game makes it worth it. People playing the game actually get into it. I've played with Jasons who had voice changers and I've seen survivors who actually play the role of the councelor. The experiences alone make the game worth the asking price. More content is on the way so fear not. The game will get to where it needs to be. Patience is a virtue.Overall I give the game a healthy 7/10 and recommend it to almost everyone. The experiences to had are unique and fun, the mechanics work exceptionally well, except for the occasional bug or exploit, and it makes me feel scared like I did when I watched the movies for the first time. A very satisfying game all around."
,Recommended,438740,31986326,Posted: 26 May,all,[LC] DageRukios,"Far too much HATE for this game, I'm honestly surprised. The mass of complaints, though, seem to consist of incompotence on the part of the reviewer, and OUTRAGE over spending only $39.99 on the current best, new, hot game around. I guess many haven't seen the COUNTLESS expensive games on steam that have sold excellently, not to mention games not for the PC <_<. It's WELL worth it for such a popular game that's GOING to be heavily updated to fix any issues people are having. I WILL disclose that there are issues such as getting stuck in desk drawers (not joking...) and combo minimizing and crashing. From what I've seen, these issues haven't proven too pervasive, though.P.S. Here's a screenshot of me stuck at a drawer in a tool shed (there was a pocket knife in it):http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=933013133http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=933013062"
76561198110430163,Recommended,438740,32258419,Posted: 7 June,all,LUNATIC LORD,Got this game fore 2 days and already have 11hours on it and i can predict easily having 100 hours and it by the end of the month. Its worth paying if your a horror survival coop fan type of person. 40$ it was its worthCons : 3 maps ....yes the items and the escapes car/boat shuffles around but its limitedfew bugs but nothing majer after 2 weeksGreat game that will become a classic.Looking foward for the DLC unfortunatly because if the number of map...
,Recommended,438740,32266653,Posted: 8 June,all,Yomama bin Fartin',"This game can be fun, no doubt.But there's some serious issues you need to consider if you are going to play this.1. The game crashes alot and way to often (I have 1.2hours of game time before I refunded the game and it crashed like 3 - 4 times during that 1hour)2. The people you connect with have like 600ms - 999ms while you have 35ms... it's at that moment when Jason can grab you from 1mile away. (so not a very accurate experience but it makes for some hillarious moments)3. Clunky controls, if you want to close doors and pick up items, well.. it's gonna remind you alot of DayZ. (that's not good in my book)But overall, the game looks fantastic (some mass effect andromeda face animations) but the setting and the characters look good. And the music fit's perfecly.I am going to recommend the game but only because it's clear that the dev team is going to improve it so much.And because of the asking price which other companies could have easily set to full price in their greedy haze."
76561198313665610,Recommended,438740,32259672,Posted: 7 June,all,thecrazedgamer,"overall, i enjoyed this game. however, many thing set this game back. server issuses, only one mode so far, and tons of bugs. so far this feels like a somewhat unfinished game being sold for full. i think the problem is that people wanted this game as soon possible, and in the end they had to set a release date to please the fans, and in setting that release date they didn't have that much time to get what they really wanted done. and in the end we get a finished but unfinished game that is still being updated as i speak. but regardless of that its still pretty fun to play. so im gonna recommend this game. go play it if you want to, or if your a big fan of the series. however id probably wait until they have finished updating it."
76561198262243146,Recommended,438740,32259676,Posted: 7 June,all,Pablo Nesquickbar,its lit i killed jason
76561198176092081,Recommended,438740,32243029,Posted: 7 June,all,CrazyGamer11701,love this game best part is being jason and all the moves and different jason you can be
,Recommended,438740,32261386,Posted: 7 June,all,Rankle Globberdobber,"Good game, feels like early access though. Make sure you play with friends for the best possible experence."
76561198122569368,Recommended,438740,31974864,Posted: 26 May,all,DinoMight,"this game is good but I think I'll enjoy it when there's a singleplayer, because in multiplayer, it all depends on how dickish the other players are.6/10"
,Recommended,438740,32261926,Posted: 7 June,all,victormendoza621,"Very fun game.  The Devs defintely captured the fear factor of being in the movie.  Graphics are great, some glitches, sound is intense.  I love how the game implements certain ways you need to act to increase your safety.  I.E. Using your flashlight in the dark to decrease your fear level.  (Jason can detect you if your fear is very high) Vice versa, your fear level will go up if you see a dead body or Jason knocks out the power.I love the little details when combined make for a great game.Replability is not a concern since there are many things you can do differently to escape or kill Jason."
76561198011578053,Recommended,438740,32261894,Posted: 7 June,all,Super-Kami-Guru,"Great game! Very fun and addictive :) Needs a few tweaks here and there but overall it's a lot of fun, especially with friends. Game kinda makes players work together, in a good way, and being jason is just tons of fun, mind-games and messing with the players is just amusing.Only thing I hope is that more content (maybe maps, items, perks?) will added in time, or it may eventually grow stale. However, well worth the try :)"
,Recommended,438740,32258289,Posted: 7 June,all,SimplyPr013,"In my opinion, the game is an 8/10. So far, this is a very fun and exciting game. The community is usually very positive. I have not had a problem with anyone on this game... Sure a few people are jerks and are only out for themselves but thats life. I've made multiple friends due to just playing over 12 hours.. I have not experienced sitting and waiting for a game to join, with it taking over 4 minutes. It usually is a very quick loading time. The game however does have its bugs.. From getting stuck, to weapons not being able to be picked up, etc.. It may not be worth a full $40 yet (maybe $25-30), but I'm sure it will eventually lead up to it with all that the developers have promised. I enjoy it... and if you can somehow scavenge together $40 from family (lolz) its definitely worth trying out."
,Recommended,438740,32371494,Posted: 12 June,all,ZhakoBraum,10/10
,Recommended,438740,32388210,Posted: 13 June,all,Stiles,Sacry and fun game.Good job:)
,Not Recommended,438740,31995949,Posted: 27 May,all,ᴾᴮ ᴹᴼᴰPapa Pootis,"Not worth the money, so buggy and alot of exploiters"
,Recommended,438740,32097350,Posted: 31 May,all,DongusBanger,"This game had a pretty rough start but in the end it picked itself up and ran. This game is doing well now and I highly recommend it to anyone who likes horror / survival style games. It's a huge throwback and a lot of fun. I've heard that it's fun from people who play all sorts of games whether it be fps games or mmo games. In short, I recommened this game to everyone! You should really try it!"
,Recommended,438740,32402839,Posted: 13 June,all,Dusti Adore,"My boyfriend and I absolutely love this game. I was hyped about this game, but then found out about dead by daylight! So I wound up buying both, way more happy with Friday the 13th game. The graphics hang in there, and the gameplay is smooth. There are some kinks in driving the boat or car at full speed, like stutters, but I've been noticing that those issues are going away. No matter who you are, Jason or a counselor it's fun, and I always laugh and smile while playing. I do wish that players couldn't kill me. There's some people who just run around doing absolutely nothing, but run around help Jason. Usually cheaters using 3rd party means to  communicate. Other than that, it's fun."
,Recommended,438740,32409062,Posted: 14 June,all,Ellleventy ellleven,"So I would firstly like to say that my experience with Friday the 13th was not unflawed. I bought it with two other friends, one couldn't get past the title screen for the first 5 days it was launched, and I couldn't play an online match with my other friend during the same period. I also was stuck at level 7 for about a week and lost a lot of xp because I did still play a lot while the leveling system was broken. I have experienced many glitches while playing, some even game breaking, but I would still say that the game overall is fantastic. I frequently feel the need to play more of this game, It is a perfect balance between enjoyment and difficulty, and I always leave wanting more. I would highly recommend this game to anybody who enjoys this genre of games, for currently it is one of the best out there."
76561198094127982,Recommended,438740,32403285,Posted: 13 June,all,cadetzick,"The game is amazing in my opinion. I've always enjoyed the ""Friday the 13th"" series.Can't wait to see this game evolve and grow throughout its time.Yes, there are bugs, but they'll be fixed, as bugs do.Everything is good, but..BOI DO THEY NEED TO FIX THOSE MATCHES WITH HIGH PINGS I TELL YOU THAT BECAUSE I AINT PLAYIN WITH NO PERSON FROM ACROSS THE WORLD THAT DOESNT SPEAK AMERICAN WITH A PING OF 999+Thank you for your time."
76561198031234226,Recommended,438740,32023004,Posted: 28 May,all,Lance,Great game but it would be priced more appropriately at $19.99
,Recommended,438740,32403043,Posted: 13 June,all,a cd disc,"Ki..Ki...Ki. Ma. Ma. Ma. The sounds you hear after well-knowing Jason is getting stronger and you fear. Friday the 13th: The Game. My first time playing the game was during the BETA. Sure there were bugs and glitches and all these errors but of course,  that's what a BETA is for. The progress that this game made over the mounts it was set-back and etc was tottaly worth it. People hate this game for numerous reasons for etc, ""Jason never shifts in the movie, Jason isn't that OP, or just they feel like Dead by Daylight is superior game."" This game is NOTHING compared to Dead by daylight in my opinion but you just kill people. In conclusion, I find this game really fun with friends. I advise if you buy this game purchase a microphone or use one because communication really is the key. I hope anyone who reads this finds this useful because I think this game is worth the 39.99 +. Thanks for reading my review. :)"
76561197981470135,Recommended,438740,32738844,Posted: 24 June,all,duari91,"This is not a bad game at all and I'd recommend it at where it currently stands.That being said, there are a few easy fixes that can be put in place, that would make the game a far better experience.-Suggestions-#1 - Some people don't want to be the counselors/Jason. Far too often I'm stuck being the counselors, when I really just want to play Jason. Sometimes it is the opposite. Selecting Jason as your spawn preference doesn't really have much of an effect on who you get. Most people put Jason as their preference as default anyways, so it's mostly a roll of the dice. Don't force people to play a certain way. Let them choose.#2 Mid-game quitters. They need to be punished. If someone leaves a match mid-game, give them an abandonment penalty. Each time they leave within a certain timeframe, the penalty increases. It's frustrating when you are a counselor, and half your team leaves 5 minutes into the game. You know at that point you are screwed.#3 Find a better balance for Jason. I love playing Jason, but he is OP as hell. Granted, he IS a supernatural killer, and he is really powerful in the movies. I don't mean to completely nerf him, just make some small adjustments. Maybe reduce the amount of traps he has, or the distance he can shift by a little. Playing against 8 counselors should feel competitive, and currently it isnt. If I am playing Jason and I camp/trap the 3 locations (cars/boat/phone), I'll never lose. It shouldn't be that way.I am looking forward to the future DLCs, and I hope it improves the experience a little bit. I think the 7/10 rating it has here on Steam is an accurate one. It's worth playing, but it's just barely above average. Making some of the changes I listed would improve that score a bit more."
76561198299553893,Recommended,438740,32445988,Posted: 15 June,all,Olong Johnson,"Love it. I'm an old-school gamer, starting off playing things like tron deadly disks on my Intellivision, where 4 guys could all play together and talk in real time.Fast forward 20 years and we had Counter strike, where the whole damn lobby could chat - AWESOME.Nowadays you're lucky to have contact with the handful of guys in your squad (cough, cough, BF1)IMO F13 really hit the nail on the head with party chat. The proximity chat / need for a walkie adds a whole new level, and being able to scream at Jason to go f**k his mother while he attempts to rip your jaw out just ices the cake. (Not to mention being able to barter the location/lives of your team-mates for your own)The game play is relatively basic, and a little repetitive but it's totally overpowered by the unique experience you have playing with/against others in constant communication.I'm definitely looking forward to updates/expansions in the future. I'll be playing this for a long time."
,Recommended,438740,32577123,Posted: 19 June,all,Civil,"I know many people are less than pleased, what with all the bugs, but I think this is a wonderful game. I've had nothing but fun with it and have met many cool people during my play time. Money well spent. Especially when you consister just a small indie team made the game."
76561198042268556,Recommended,438740,32583195,Posted: 19 June,all,Big Heef,better than I expected. worth the 40$ imo
76561198142296905,Recommended,438740,32583990,Posted: 19 June,all,MrSpK21,This game is fun and entertaining especially with friends. You can meet some great people on this game. But HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥public matches are filled with the biggest dumb asses known to man kind like wtf. This game does need some work done to it and needs more content but I see a bright future for the game and it's developers.
76561198377899712,Recommended,438740,32584342,Posted: 19 June,all,chaoslivingdead,great game
,Recommended,438740,32582839,Posted: 19 June,all,whoulookinat,mic doesnt work but it is really fun
,Recommended,438740,32640697,Posted: 22 June,all,Shocker101ˣᴰ,"The game is pretty fun, but it has it's problems with the glitches and server issues. I reccomend the game, but you should wait for a sale cause 40$ is kinda to much."
76561198013875074,Recommended,438740,32642382,Posted: 22 June,all,Ripperz,"it is a great game, keeps you on your toes and ideally you do need to work together, if you end up in a game with idiots then you will probably lose as Jason has a massive advantage over you. having said this i don't think the game is worth £29.99! it should be more like £15 to be honest, filled with bugs and for a £30 game i would expect simple things like jumping over a small fence and when running you don't run into an invisible wall.The game is brilliant and after some good updates hopefully it will be much better but at the moment its not worth the money"
,Recommended,438740,32642416,Posted: 22 June,all,Wolfie1g,"Despite the 40 dollars, this game is still very woth buying. I have enjoying over 100 hours of gameplay since it came out, and i can tell you from experience, you do not really need to have friends that own the game to enjoy it. You can meet so many more friends on the game, that within a week, you have a whole group of people that you can play the game with whenever. The devs are honest and hard working, they try to release updates as soon as possible to fix the bugs of their game, they treat their community with respect, and they award them for having to deal with the problems early in the game. By far one of my favorite games."
,Recommended,438740,32647430,Posted: 22 June,all,SpoxxJe,Fun game with friends :)
,Recommended,438740,32647227,Posted: 22 June,all,Prophetshi,good♥♥♥♥♥
76561198258462220,Recommended,438740,32669841,Posted: 23 June,all,GunPoint,I LOVE this game. I just bought it yesterday and i think this is my favorite game from now.BTW Jason is OP and this could be changed so easy. They just need to add a skillcheck when jason has the counselor in hands.That would give counselors time to escape his grasp and would let Jason 'fail' to kill the counselor.I recommend this game so much.BTW sorry for my bad englishHave a good day!
76561198041958800,Recommended,438740,32665726,Posted: 22 June,all,MasterWitwicky,"I have been getting a database error for what it seems like is forever, all my friends are playing and i am here trying to play with them and it always says the same thing, i tried uninstalling it, restarting my laptop, reinstalling it and nope, same thing everytime. This is such a pain and i am tired of it. Please Fix. Other than that, game is good, cool and fun, for what i remember at least (since i havent played in forever)"
76561198135876985,Recommended,438740,32142069,Posted: 2 June,all,Marjorie Frank,This is pretty fun. Probably want to find some friends to play with.
,Recommended,438740,32662843,Posted: 22 June,all,Deathflarez,"I love the gameplay that this game offers, but ive only played this game for about an hour, the rest of my time ive spent dead, being the one always killed first, other than that i give this game a 6/10, would have given it a better rating if i didint spectate for 85% of the time played"
,Not Recommended,438740,31984110,Posted: 26 May,all,Unforseen Liquid Emission,"Updated Review:Sigh.  I really wanted to thumbs up this game.It has a lot going for it ( see my previous review) , but the fact is that it launched in really rough shape.  Rather than making it better in the weeks since launch, the devs have actually broken it *more*,  patching in a number of unwanted balance  (punished for trying to help team mates!)  changes and actually making the game crash MORE.Most recently they tried to offer a ""peace offering"" of some ""free content"" which turned out to be a 5 minute photoshop reskin that turns Jason purple.  Yeah.  That was their big apology for our faith and money.   We still have no rebindable keys,  there are still only 3 maps,  and the game is still filled to the brim with imbalanced mechanics and bugs ( flying Jason ftw!) ....It's a decent game that is steadily being ruined by amateur developers who are clearly in waaaaay over their heads.******Original Review:It's.... really good!As someone who seriously disliked Dead By Daylight, I was expecting another PG-13 L4D ripoff.  There are no ""knocked down pick me up"" states here.  If Jason catches you, you're ♥♥♥♥ing dead.  He's gonna bury his axe in your skull and twist.The best you can hope for is to temporarily stun him and make a break for it, but that only buys you a scant few seconds.  Honestly one of the best strategies here seems to be to use your teammates as bait and make your move when Jason goes to pick them off.  This is a brilliant feeling as it conflicts with your innate desire to band together with other humans to survive.There are bugs, and connection issues, and I'm not exactly sure whether the price tag is based on the amount of content available (hint : it doesn't seem like much)  or the Friday the 13th brand ( seems more likely!)  but overalll ...  if you are willing to excuse that stuff...... you'll have fun.It's better than Dead by Daylight, anyway.   The killer actually kills people."
,Recommended,438740,32095813,Posted: 31 May,all,Twitchy Tucker,"A very fun game, especially when everyone has a mic."
,Recommended,438740,32690337,Posted: 23 June,all,Pickle Rick,"Ok, so Friday the 13th is a solid survival horror where each counselor and version of Jason supports plenty of different play styles but it is currently kinda half a game until the singleplayer comes out but it is a good game. I just think that they should add MORE CONTENT to bring more people who love the movie franchise into playing this game and ejoy, and one more thing is that the $40 price tag is a bit too much for the game as of this moment. Bye"
,Recommended,438740,32696005,Posted: 23 June,all,MG Gaming gift-drop.com,VERY GOOD GAME!!!
,Recommended,438740,32695947,Posted: 23 June,all,KFC™,i like it
,Recommended,438740,32766104,Posted: 25 June,all,zDxpthsCFW,I can't play this game! I've done every thing I could possibly do like verify the game files and 1 file is missing and says it will be reaquired but I've waited 2 hours for this and it still isn't working!Helpppppppp!!!!!
,Recommended,438740,32781128,Posted: 25 June,all,Threepwood,"A few little bugs here and there, and sometimes the players can be unpleasant, but generally everyone is there to have a good time. I really like the fact the game is quick too, generally lasting no more than 15 min. This is great for a person who doesn't always have time to commit several hours at a time."
,Recommended,438740,32772003,Posted: 25 June,all,[DNG]Scum,"Review as of 6-25-2017Pros-Gameplay is challenging, but for the most part not alienating.-Nice to look at-Jason is has mostly balanced gameplay-(subjective) I generally feel a build of terror within me when I see Jason killer walk out of the woods.-The developers seem like they know what they're doing. Their actions so far gaining my personal trust and hope for the future of this game.Cons-A decent chunk of the community is toxic. Some would rather scream at you for making a common error, then try and correct it peacefully.-Jason's move set can be chained with his grab to which is nearly undodgeable, and sometimes rage inducing for it's victims.-Can sometimes generally be unenjoyable, especially if you're commonly placed as a councellor."
76561198033204365,Recommended,438740,32633133,Posted: 21 June,all,JMFall,"I'm pretty harsh when it comes to games and horror movies, my two biggest loves. This game is a great mix of what I love about both art forms. The Friday films were great in their little niche, and the game does a really good job of capturing what made those movies so addictive. Unlike another multiplayer horror game I used to play, the balance of fun and frustration here is perfect. Jason is fun to play, as are the couselors. Much like the movies, this game does lack a bit of polish, there are some screwy animations and weird graphical chops, but if you can look past those then I highly recommend this game. It's fun, the community is at times obnoxious but griefing is minimal. No regrets on this purchase."
,Recommended,438740,32789111,Posted: 25 June,all,Senyra,"Decent horror-survival game. Very co-op and comms dependent though. On the other side, I know Jason is supposed to be very strong but some mechanics should be reworked in other to provide a better experience for everyone. Shift grab counters almost any survivor's skills and tactics. A good Jason will most definitely kill everyone without much difficulty. This is a quite challenging game for survivors and it feels achieving when you actually make it."
,Recommended,438740,32790785,Posted: 25 June,all,Brutish | csgogem.com,"Really fun by yourself, amazing with friends"
76561197981436908,Recommended,438740,32032522,Posted: 28 May,all,Burnov,"Game finally plays, fun time with friends, feels like a good community too. Still has some glitches, but overall a good time. Definitely appreciate the NES jason skin!"
76561198274429527,Recommended,438740,32687799,Posted: 23 June,all,HardwickCRD,"Decent game, but answer me one question... Why is it that when I threw a firecracker on the ground he was not affected? Then once he picked me up my friend shot him with a flare gun in which he also was not affected??? Other than that it is really thrilling and intense but not worth £30; more of a £15 game. :/"
,Recommended,438740,32634790,Posted: 21 June,all,Johnnybnimble,"I haven't played anything like this before, and when it's firing on all the right cylinders it's a hell of a good time. Some minor issues that I have, but overall I'm addicted to the gameplay, it's fun trying to outsmart the other players when you need to and just as fun to work together to outsmart Jason. While not a perfect game, the developers seem to be addressing issues as they come. Worth $40? Not a terrible investment. Worth $20? Absolutely."
76561198108026728,Recommended,438740,32780330,Posted: 25 June,all,Kyrimorut,"This game is pretty good. I personally enjoyed it up until recently.  It has begun to crash on random parts of the gameply, ie loading screen, being grabbed, booting up."
76561198219454540,Not Recommended,438740,31979030,Posted: 26 May,all,360,THIS GAME IS PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥AND WASTE OF MY MONEY CHANCES OF ME BEING JASON ARE SO LOW ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME I ALWAYS DIE AND CRASH FATAL ERROR ♥♥♥♥ YOU GUN MEDIA YOU WASTED MY TIME ♥♥♥♥ YOU ALL
,Recommended,438740,32786119,Posted: 25 June,all,Veloci_Natalia <3,"Legend movie,epic game! its really fun to play definitely worth it!"
76561198325619736,Recommended,438740,32784171,Posted: 25 June,all,VENYT,amazing gameplay the best game of 2017
76561198087948274,Not Recommended,438740,31987836,Posted: 26 May,all,Dye,"This game can be fun, but for me i was super disappointed in it.First, people want to play Jason...but for me i found this almost impossible.  I play 20+ matches and I was Jason TWICE.I try and set up my own lobby so i can hopefully have better luck, and it kept crashing.Second, 40 bucks for this, totally overpriced.In its present state, i cant recommend this."
76561198379580027,Recommended,438740,32762598,Posted: 25 June,all,AverageGamer,game keeps frezzing in middle of the game :(
,Not Recommended,438740,32751297,Posted: 24 June,all,Iraenestia,The Game is 2 light on content for now wait until it is on sale or gets additional content
,Recommended,438740,32775190,Posted: 25 June,all,erc2003,"Overall fun multiplayer experience when played with a group that communicates. The communication adds so much to the game and even though there have been some hiccups at the launch of the game, GUN Media have done a good job of addressing and being on top of things continously. Is the game perfect? No but it is a lot of fun!"
76561198253632842,Recommended,438740,32777103,Posted: 25 June,all,Grouse,"whole tone of fun with friends and solo play one of the best games i have brought in a long time, although some of the achivements dont seem to be unlocking once i have completed them but for the game i would rate it a 10/10"
,Recommended,438740,32688476,Posted: 23 June,all,INFINITY,"Friday the 13th is an excellent horror-survival game that I would definetly recommend to anyone with a decent PC. There are some flaws with the game though, Jasons' grab is ♥♥♥♥ed to all♥♥♥♥♥♥and he can grab you from 5 metres away and the counselors can be a bit derpy sometimes. It can get boring if you do not have friends playing with you because the rounds are mostly the same. Friday the 13ths' launch was horrendous but IllFonic have brought it back up to where it should have been at its launch.Overall the concept for this game is really good, some things to fix and more gamemodes like the story mode (can't wait) and this will be an excellent game.7.5/10"
,Recommended,438740,32791945,Posted: 25 June,all,Riley,Amazing game!!!!! So much fun!!!!!
,Not Recommended,438740,32790779,Posted: 25 June,all,PinkMeatBall,This game is okay. There could be so much more done and definitely not wortht he price tag.
,Recommended,438740,32789795,Posted: 25 June,all,Tappei,Really fun game and bugs make it even funnier x3
,Recommended,438740,32701948,Posted: 23 June,all,Mr.Squidward,its better with mics otherwise you're flashing lights at people.
,Recommended,438740,32727333,Posted: 24 June,all,DragonGamingDK,"This game is awesome i love it, i like how you have to comunicate to survive and get out there or you can choose to get a car and drive away yourself and leave the others. The game is not perfect but thats ok nothing can be perfect anyways i would defintly recommend this awesome game even tho i have only played an hour of it."
,Recommended,438740,32726595,Posted: 24 June,all,Victor,"I'm addicted so much to this game, it's very challenging and fun !  : )I would like to rate it 10/10"
76561198250015270,Recommended,438740,32739485,Posted: 24 June,all,ENGLAND IS MY CITY,really fun
,Not Recommended,438740,32706687,Posted: 23 June,all,Maxamas,This game is a cool and fun game but with all the crashes and bugs it's not worth $39.99 yet however if they work on it more then It will definitely be worth it. If you want a murderer game try Dead By Daylight it's not nearly as bugged and it's half the price.
,Not Recommended,438740,31998504,Posted: 27 May,all,AdamUK,"First of all, the bottom was my main review, someone things I said I still enjoy, but atm here why I don't recommend it:Match making is bad, i'm always matched with 8/10 being Russians so no communication (Russians need their own servers and the surrounding Russian countries well this needs to be in every game tbh) , people quiting as soon as they die, or they're not Jason - the game not ending if all people leave except Jason, and a survivor (survivor being dead) the game won't end until the timer ends as only Jason is alive.At the start this game was 7/10 right now, its a 4/10 the grab on jason seems bugged as he can grab a few feet behind a councilor.Unless you don't care about this i'd recommend getting it.This game, wow, I thought i'd be abit disappointed like Dead By Daylight, but this game beats it ten fold, my first 5 games where all funny, hilarious and outright panicky, few bugs here and there but for a freshly released game, i'm glad I purchased this game, not had such fun in a long time, great community off players so far, made a bunch off people already teaming up and having a laugh i'd highly recommend it.Pros:Great playersThrillingGreat gameplay and graphicsHilarious momentsCons:some Glitches / Bugs (Not encountered a ground breaking bug)Group match making needs to be fixed so you can actually join as a group.Price is abit steep, I hope some DLC if there is any be free or extremely cheap.No custom mapping off keyboard controls (I may be wrong about this not looked to far into it, but I had issue attempting)Mic will not be detected in game if unplugged or no push to talk with a controller(keyboard etc is fine (only voice detection)May become abit boring after awhile (unless u play with funny bunch off people)I hope it gets different maps etc and heavily worked on to not make it become boring8/10 so far."
,Not Recommended,438740,31978228,Posted: 26 May,all,Oso,"I am disappointed, let's be honest, the animation looks awful. Have you seen the face of tommy in the intro? I can do a better animation in 3D and I don't even have a degree lol. The party mode is buggy. You CAN'T play as Jason as will, you have to be lucky to play as him. Jason can basically teleport, grab you and kill you which is quite boring. And to kill this game, you have to WAIT FOR THE MATCH TO END TO RECEIVE EXPERIENCE POINTS."
76561198036351507,Recommended,438740,31966127,Posted: 25 May,all,DeadReckoning,love it very fun
76561198192495535,Recommended,438740,32753922,Posted: 24 June,all,Fuziion,"Not worth 40$. I gave it a chance but its really not worth the 40$, not enough content at all. Overall good game but wait till a sell to buy."
76561198321852029,Not Recommended,438740,32569488,Posted: 19 June,all,I am ze spy,"CREATORS!YALL NEED TO HELP ME PLEASE!!(reply and and tell me how i fix this error)YALL IT SAYS MY GLOBAL SHADER CACHE SM4.bin IS MISSING, I DONT HAVE ANY COOKED CONTENT AND THAT I NEED TO RUN THE UNCOOKED VERSION...U SERIOUS?I WAS ENRAGED WHEN THIS HAPPENED TO ME BECAUSE I JUST WANT TO PLAY THIS GAME AND THEN BOOM, NO COOKED CONTENT; THIS IS OUTRAGOUS!(pardon my spelling)The main point is, i want help with this cache problem and i dont think the fix tool works either, can you tell me how i fix this error?And yes i have ran steam as administrator and NOTHING HAPPENED....So creatos,please tell me what this error is, why it has occurred and how i prevent it please.I even cleared the download cache; ive reinstalled it and now i need your help"
,Recommended,438740,32599835,Posted: 20 June,all,t.tv|RiddleVonGrump,"This review will be in haste as I am leaving for work.Friday The 13th: THe Game, has provided myself with many amsuing moments within it, as well as times where I wish to rage quit.Starting off with the negatives you will see people complain about mainly.  There are bugs/glitches.  However, is that not in every single game?  I recently read someone complaining that they have to wait until Match end (either timer or everyone dies/escaoes)  in order to be rewarded 500xp.  (This person we will lable in the ""Instant Gradification Generation"")  Sometimes you will get placed in a lobby, where you will notice you and others have over 200ms in Ping.  This can lead to Jason grabbing you although you appear to be outside his grab range.Now, my personal positives.  I've been in several random lobbies, and entertainingly enough there are people that will role play their chocie of camper :D.  Something about a very masculin male attempting to sound like a ""Flirty"" girl just makes me laugh.  The games can be intense, and are sometimes not easy if you are a lone wolf.  However there is a character for that gameplay style.The perk system is actually nice.  500CP a roll, and a perk can be used on all character, but Jason (dir).  Jason however can use those same points to get....KILLS!  And Some are very brutal.If you are reading this review, and are woundering if you should get it.  Let me just say, that before I purchased the game myself, I watched a fellow youtuber play this throughout the BETA, and his live matches.  I also have fellow twitch streamers I play with in the game.The game is more fun when you party with a friend, yet the solo que que, has its benefits as well.  I would encourage you to purchase it, and at least play 1.5 hours of the game.  If then you dont like it, just simply get a steam refund.  Yet, IMO, 2 hours is nearly not even close enough to get to experience the game nicely.Once I have spent more time in the game, and have a longer period of time to write a proper review/guide, then I shall present that to all.In closing, if you want to know if you should get this game.  Then yes, get it, play it, and if you are from the generation of people who have watched all 10 movies (some of them forced to watch) then you will appreciate the game."
,Recommended,438740,32876862,Posted: 27 June,all,ChoiCer,Sheshhh Sheshhh - ahh ahhIt's absolutely a horror game.
76561198268812499,Recommended,438740,32806229,Posted: 26 June,all,Teddy,Good game scary at first but once you play a few rounds its really fun.
76561198390959821,Recommended,438740,32809808,Posted: 26 June,all,CLOUD 9 (CHINU),is the servers down
76561198065132220,Recommended,438740,32816385,Posted: 26 June,all,Nmaza-Kun,I LOVE THIS GAMEreasons why:-its horrifiying and stressful-you can fight the killer unlike dead by daylight-theres so many excutions and envirmental kills to show off jason brutality and creatvity for killing his victims-theres many ways to escapethings i want you to add:-i want you to kill jason with the shotgun (with any counsleor btw)-savani jason can be for everyone who plays this game-if you get all the jasons or all the pamelas tapes you can get the new killer pamela vorheesi hope you listened to this because i love your game progress and i want to help by adding things to your game :)
76561198113948650,Recommended,438740,32806458,Posted: 26 June,all,Jake from State Farm,Pros:Very funJason is a killing machineperksvoice actinggood priceBetter with friendsgreat audioCons:Face animationsCrashingglitchy
,Recommended,438740,32814742,Posted: 26 June,all,Itachi,"Oyun gayet güzel arkadaşlarınızla oynacınca daha çok eğlenceli oluyor, oyunda jason iken damage yedikten sonra annenizin sesini duyup motive etmesi veya arkadaşınız ölmüşten telsizle tomyy i çağırıp arkadaşınız tekrar gelmesini sağlayabiliyorsunuz. oyun her kuruşuna değiyor."
76561198176848647,Recommended,438740,32817835,Posted: 26 June,all,Dirty Satan,"This gmae is just awsome, and after awhile it seems repeative but at the same time never gets old. 10/10"
76561198274129860,Recommended,438740,32042003,Posted: 29 May,all,Seagull,awesome game!
,Recommended,438740,32828430,Posted: 26 June,all,Hasan,oyun cok guzel
,Recommended,438740,32828513,Posted: 26 June,all,ild spytterren,with a group of frends it's perfect
,Recommended,438740,32786770,Posted: 25 June,all,Smugz,"EDIT: My previous review was negative and mainly complained about performence issues and constant crashes (I have a top-end PC) Anyway, I decided to change this review.This game crashes... a lot. So be prepared for that, there are also a bunch of game breaking bugs. I have an issue with this since this game is not early access and is a fully released game. You will also get the odd few people who use game breaking bugs to their advantage and just ruin the game for others (you know who you are -_-)But... if you can look past all of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t then you will find this game to be the most addictive and fun game you will have played in a very very long time. Yesterday, me and a friend went full tryhard mode in attempt to gain as much XP as possible due to the double XP weekend, I got annoyed with all of the bugs and essentially wrote a bad review, although I still stand by that review in terms of this is a full price finished game that should probably be early access, by playing the game just for fun I found myself able to look past the bugs and enjoy the game for what it is."
,Recommended,438740,32793158,Posted: 25 June,all,JessicaBoo,.
76561198365620821,Not Recommended,438740,32036246,Posted: 28 May,all,IQuiicknessI,This Game Crashes alot it has alot of glitches unplayable.. alot of problems just a headache don't even bother getting this game the creators of this game were lazy and rush this game
,Recommended,438740,32863948,Posted: 27 June,all,& Knuckles,good
,Recommended,438740,32895794,Posted: 27 June,all,HoboStoleMyGame,Ok game. Repetative
,Recommended,438740,32908563,Posted: 27 June,all,Nick Reeee,It's Ki Ki Ki Ki Ha Ha Ha Ha.
76561198317841831,Recommended,438740,32910776,Posted: 27 June,all,Denyse Chinese,this game fuuuun lol
76561198253065106,Recommended,438740,32918705,Posted: 28 June,all,Daveysgirl,"good game , fun to play"
,Recommended,438740,32600432,Posted: 20 June,all,Xyllor,"A wonderful take on a cinema classic follows the adventures of 7 friends at a beautiful camp as they explore their boundaries and take risks to grow their friendship. Watch as they teach each other the true meaning of friendship and help each other through costly mistakes. When the camp bully starts sturring up trouble, these friends band together and stand up for what is right. 10/10. Great life lessons such as how to install a battery, how to drive and how not to drive, why you should never swim after midnight and most importantly its all about who you know. If your dad is a cop, police will come much faster than other normal people."
,Recommended,438740,32606453,Posted: 20 June,all,Scorched Poet,"Has its problems, still really fun despite the lack of keybinding being change-able(Can't use W,A,S,D i need to use arrow keys damnit)Worth a try!"
76561198288241523,Recommended,438740,32606648,Posted: 20 June,all,awesomeben47,this one of if not the best horror games ive played tho it dose have some glitchs its still GREAT!
,Recommended,438740,32606685,Posted: 20 June,all,Paco,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is good,but it's really hard to escape as survivor.It's really cool meeting new people that i will only see once and a while.It's a much better game with friends"
76561198156428542,Recommended,438740,32607050,Posted: 20 June,all,scaM,"This is a really great game for people who like horror.  Although Jason is op, when is he not.  It has a good amount of gore and death scenes.  It is a really fun game, and has a good amount of suspense."
76561198151797245,Recommended,438740,32607386,Posted: 20 June,all,the only HOXTON,This game has some glitches that can be really annoying but besides that it is a fun game with a most of the time fun community. $40.00 is a little overpriced for this kind of game. But i reccomed it ^‿^ -Murdoc
76561198203184918,Recommended,438740,32606362,Posted: 20 June,all,Dr. Gordtλn Freλkmλn,"Some people say things about ""bad lobby search' or ""bad dev and overpriced game"". I thought it was kind of overpriced but when I started playing i started to LOVE it. The gameplay is mostly good. The controls are a bit odd with the same button to do multiple things (hold E to baricade door, tap E to open it). Overall the diffrent types of Jasons and counselors with diffrent pros and cons to make things more unpredictable. Overall I recommend it."
76561198107770307,Not Recommended,438740,32656587,Posted: 22 June,all,Austin,Very very buggy and overpriced give it a few years and to be honest Dead by daylight is better and cheaper
76561198022146286,Recommended,438740,32179769,Posted: 4 June,all,BaessHoof,"Matchmaking needs work. But other than Cheeki Breeki Russians, And Screaming Chinese Players. Its actually really damn fun. And I thouroughly enjoy the game. The devs are active on updates and listens to the playerbase. Definetly worth the pickup if your looking for a good Coop game."
,Recommended,438740,32035057,Posted: 28 May,all,DreStation,"well i hate writing bad reviews but this game has been a huge let down at this point in time. i preordered it and it is now sunday and the game released on friday and i have yet to be able to play the game at all since it is so broken. wait for it to get fixed before you buy it.after several updates and bug fixes this game has gotten to be alot of fun, really like and enjoy this title"
76561198211766859,Recommended,438740,32901295,Posted: 27 June,all,Jack Burton,"This game is buggy as hell, I still experience the annoyance of database login failure about 10 times before every login...And I still love it, it's awesome, buy it."
,Recommended,438740,32902098,Posted: 27 June,all,Phantom,best game. Buy It its great. Fun. Runnin'. You got Jason. You got other guys. Jason game. Fun. Buy. Recommend it. 10/10 IGN WOULD DO AGAIN.
76561198105055576,Recommended,438740,32899594,Posted: 27 June,all,Mr.Bean,great game
,Recommended,438740,32899893,Posted: 27 June,all,Kay31,Part 2 is the best!
,Recommended,438740,32922926,Posted: 28 June,all,Luffy-dono,This is fun!
,Recommended,438740,32922927,Posted: 28 June,all,_Shad0w9278_,real fun with friends 8/10
76561197966860177,Recommended,438740,32998533,Posted: 29 June,all,Circuitry,it's an OK game if you love the Friday the 13th movies.
76561198337292344,Recommended,438740,33039101,Posted: 30 June,all,BijiVler,Good Game
,Recommended,438740,33037852,Posted: 30 June,all,{ANTpigs}+FudgePie=Pies:3,Use your mic to play or it's no fun sometimes
76561197967754326,Recommended,438740,32445549,Posted: 15 June,all,defpat5,"As a fan of the F13 franchise for 20+ years, these guys nailed the atmosphere, sound, and chaos of the films. With such a small team and budget, I am blown away with the teams were able to put out. If the devs work with the community along with any future plans they have, they could have themselves a hell of a game. Right now, the game is unfinished and it feels like it too, not denying that. But this game is the most fun I've had on a multiplayer EVER.Many people complain that Jason is OP. Jason is OP and if you watch the movies, he is always OP, that's the point. The game throws you into the thick of it without much training. As you play a few matches (or do 5 minutes of research), you learn certain techniques and use the characters to their strengths to improve your chances of surviving as a counselor or dominating as Jason. The little details that the devs thought of in this game are genius and it does put you against a very formidable foe and its by design. Anyone complaining because they think that the game isn't balanced enough, they're simply playing the game the wrong way. Period. You will win some matches as a counselor, but most of the time you will die a terrible, gruesome death and that's the point. Jason is supposed to kill most of the people, just like the movies. So just enjoy the massacres and wait it out for next match. Since launch, the community has gotten a lot better at being counselors so Jason doesn't feel nearly as OP.In the game's current state, its a BLAST to play. Glitches and issues are getting patched at a reasonable pace for PC so it appears that the support of the devs is there. It still isn't polished and it will probably never be. Regardless, the pros of this game FAR outweigh the cons and is a great pick up for anyone that is a fan of the franchise.PROS-Chad being an absolute D-bag with a big dumb face-Details, details, details: the little things that the devs thought of to make the game tick are really great-Great atmosphere/music: the vibe is the real deal, between the sights and sounds, the really nailed the films' tone-Quick match making, rarely takes more than 3 minutes from lobbying up to game play (quick play mostly)-Great Perk/Kill Customization for counselors and Jason-No game is ever the same: randomized loots and locations allow for the game to have a lot of replayability-High future potential: with a fantastic framework the game would greatly benefit with future updates for aesthetics, bugs, DLC, and creating mod support. They have already stated that future maps and game modes are in the works.Cons-Pre-game bailers: when they aren't Jason leave before the match starts. Having more counselors in the game allows for better chances of winning (usually). 1v2 isn't very fun. Being Jason is fun, but I find being a counselor with a cohesive group is just as rewarding.-Team killers and glitch exploiters: takes away from the fun of the game when it happens, not as much of late with the new patches-Stability/glitches: transitional animations, pop-ins, etc are bad at times and show how little bandwidth they had to work with, does lead to a lot of ""WTF"" moments that are absolutely hilarious.-Non-regionalized/equipment-based match making: Communication is king in this game, so when you can't speak the language or even communicate to others without mics, the game experience suffers-Not much depth to the game: current state, its a giant game of man hunt with a limited amount of maps, weapons, abilities, methods of winning, etc.-Needing to wait for match to end for match bonus: about half of the points you get come from completing matches. While waiting, there isn't much to do. You can cam on map sites, counselors, and your dead body. A free/killer cam would be great but understand why they left it out to prevent cheating. Being able to still pull up the map and objective list would be great too."
76561198103654686,Recommended,438740,32017453,Posted: 28 May,all,80's kid,"I jes wanted to say, thank you very much for this game.me n my friends want more!!!. graphics are amazing on epic,runs smooth,great violence. cant wait for some map packs."
76561198253700824,Recommended,438740,31979885,Posted: 26 May,all,Zykopath99,game keeps crashing and login database error
,Recommended,438740,31984857,Posted: 26 May,all,Dentaygary,"I am a big fan of F13 movie series  but I feel like this game don't deserve 40 dollars.The good thing about this is roleplay ang screwing around with friends, sometimes it gets boring when you play solo or when you find people to play, Friday the 13th the game was created by a indie company and not a triple A company.You main goal is to escape, how do you escape? There are different ways to escape from Jason, The Boat,The Car,Calling the police,And waiting out the time(Which is 40 minutes) when the game was release, the server were overflooded and there was major bugs that cause the game to screw around itself but IllFonic managed to fix all that as quick as posiblle.They even got the original actor Thom Mathews to do Tommy Jarvis and Kane Hodder as Jason.The game looks amazing, but only downside is the Counselor face animation, it may be funny but it sure does look dumb as hell. in my own opinion I think you should wait for this game to go on sale and get it, but if your a big F13 fan then yeah I recommend to get it, only problem is is the face animation and the map, the map is fine but it gets repetitive.I do hope that they add the city from part 8 and Idk if they would add a space station from part 10Other than that thank you for taking the time to read this review and I hope you made up your mind if you want to buy or not."
,Not Recommended,438740,32233052,Posted: 6 June,all,Zealous212,Why.
76561198141713193,Not Recommended,438740,33407013,Posted: 9 July,all,Fr4gm3nt3d,"I am a HUGE Friday the 13th fan and this game pays homage to the films amazingly. So many details are so acurate as a movie fan it blew me away. pretty much EVERYTHING is a referance to a movie in the series and its done so well. Any Friday the 13th fan will love this game. I can Honestly say playing this game the last few months pretty much every day it is the most fun I have had playing a video game period. But there are alot of issues right now (still early release) that need to be adressed. I wont go into it here, anyone who plays will know what im talking about. Just know the potential is 100% there but its not quite finished and it shows. Unless you are a die hard F13 fan and need it right away like me, I would wait. I will change this review when the problems are sorted, untill then I cant honestly recomend this game. I think my love for this game is because of my love for the source material... and as it is with the films it is with the game, a love/hate relationship."
76561198043241485,Not Recommended,438740,31966440,Posted: 25 May,all,Brunomann,little to no content for $40. The player base is already starting to leave the game. Just go buy Dead By Daylight its a better game in every aspect.
,Not Recommended,438740,31987158,Posted: 26 May,all,t.tv/Wrippon,"Hello, fellow Steam friend! Are you looking for a good waste of time? Are you wanting to download a game for a few hours and stare at an error connection screen because the servers are down? Good thing you waited hours for that! After a couple hours and the crusty♥♥♥♥♥servers are finally functional, you can finally play!Ready to play counselor and get team killed by butthurt 12 years olds that are entitled to fame because of their♥♥♥♥♥♥Twitch channel? Ready to be banned because you made one dev the littlest bit salty because he's having a bad day at the work place?This is the game for you!! Time to drop that overpriced $40 price tag for a title that's roughly only worth $15 for the limited features and lack of map variety.These devs have done nothing but screw their community over. The ones that preordered. And the ones that have paid their money only to be banned by some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t ""he said, she said"" scenario.This game is the biggest disappointment of the year. I really tried and had high hopes. But the devs are a group of clowns.Oh, and prepare to refund!!"
,Recommended,438740,32870580,Posted: 27 June,all,Persephone,best game ever
76561198075030645,Not Recommended,438740,32032117,Posted: 28 May,all,Christmas Incarnate,"The game has a solid core concept, and although its a bit clunky its fun with friends, despite the lack of content for a 40 dollar game (although the devs have said they will be adding more content). So all in all, the game is okay, fun even. What is not okay is the devs using loosely defined rules perma-banning players that insult or offend friends of the devs. The devs are throwing out perma-bans like there is no tomorrow for offending players that are friends with them. Pair that with an alarming lack of actual defined rules that tell you what gets you banned, and this game ends up being a bad bet, especially with its 40 dollar price tag."
,Recommended,438740,32009855,Posted: 27 May,all,Donald Trump,"The game is very well made, but there should be a penalty for leaving a game. Half the time, 1 or 2 people leave at the beginning because they are not Jason. Which makes the game much harder and boring. Then if your Jason, when you kill some there is a 50/50 that the person will leave, so you don't get points. There are also a lot of toxic jerks that just kill people for no reason. Usually Chad does this, but there isn't much you could do. The main problem with the game is the people playing the game, most are very good people and i have made a few friends from it. However, the people who are just jerks and keep leaving the game are ruining the game. Overall, great game."
76561198204912971,Recommended,438740,33066987,Posted: 30 June,all,Ant 🐜,"the game is not worth it, unless you have friends to play with. It's still overpriced. its like eh, just ok, borderline ok, just right ok."
76561198364276406,Recommended,438740,33539011,Posted: 14 July,all,Lamb,"I'm a fan of the horror survival game. I like this game very much. Although the game has just come out, the optimization is very bad, and there are many BUG Ping too, but basically it doesn't affect the game experience. The only thing that affects the game experience is the team mate! Some people kill teammates!! Can you believe it? Kill teammates! I can't believe it!! I don't even know why? He was killed!! Kills several times a day by a teammate! I can't believe this! Completely incomprehensible! Are these people racist or racist??? The punishment for killing teammates is expected to increase!!! I'm going crazy, I can't stand it!      ♥♥♥♥ you killer!"
,Not Recommended,438740,31968578,Posted: 26 May,all,Rice and Chicken,"Been playing this game since it released. It's really really fun.People are complaining about ""oh jason OP"" no one knows how to play yet. Once you start cooperating and working together and understand the combat system he's easy to stun. Just have to work together.Stopped playing this game after release. Devs destroyed the game. Dropped it. It's not worth buying at all.Last Year is the only hope for a horror survival game now."
76561198168210750,Recommended,438740,32274062,Posted: 8 June,all,my name is john,"This game is fun, but sometimes various problems can make it a frustrating ordeal.Although it had fixed a lot of problems, the lag issues were still present after the update,certain prompts were also not showing up, but it runs much better than before."
,Recommended,438740,32610714,Posted: 20 June,all,Munsten Jazzler,"It's expensive, but a lot of fun. Definitely pick this up on a sale.Bring some friends with mics or play in usual hours for your timezone if possible.Bugs are present but the game is still getting updates to fix the issues.The devs are a bit slow to fix due to a small team but it gets patched eventually.The recent free content update to make up for the rocky launch was a nice gesture, and shows the devs care at least somewhat about delivering a good product."
76561197970667127,Not Recommended,438740,31992329,Posted: 27 May,all,Peter,removed my positive review after reading how the devs use their admin privlages to ban anyone they do not like. That's the true HORROR of Friday the 13th.
,Recommended,438740,32347652,Posted: 11 June,all,TheHuntingmaster,"This game is great and still meets friday the 13th movies, wait hold on.. *kills a battle chad* alright this game is good so i will support it threw every step of the way to greatness."
76561198248938956,Not Recommended,438740,32186070,Posted: 4 June,all,Jeemeli,"Clearly a not finished game but it HAD great potential. With a little bit support the game could have been good but the developers are apparently not supporting the game anymore, and in its current state its awful. Also, they have been perma banning countless people for teamkilling campers that are using exploits and places where they cant be killed, accidentally glitching in a way that they consider you exploiting the game (so in a game that is buggy as hell if you accidentally glitch through the environment you can be banned), or ironically if you see people who are friends of the developers using exploits and teamkilling and then telling them to stop doing it you can get perma banned as well. But dont worry if you get perma banned, either way this♥♥♥♥♥♥stain of a game was a waste of money anyway. They are apparently working on a new project and I hope that when its relased no-one will buy it, these developers are clearly not cabable of making good games or supporting them so why would anyone buy it anyway."
76561198091591357,Not Recommended,438740,31989452,Posted: 26 May,all,Evilkiss,"If you are Deciding Dead by Daylight over Friday or maybe the possible new game called ""Last Year."" I suggest, at least for now, to avoid this game.Honestly, i felt that this game was way better during beta testing, but i let it slide because i wanted to see how the devs will tackle thier game balance. So far, no actions whats so ever. This game is basicly a jason killing simulator. You'll only really have fun if you are the killer, which is chosen at random. You can,however, put killer for preference to incase the chance of getting him, but dont count on always landing him.Game gets too repetitive and boring too fast. Most stats and mechanics in game are pointless vs a decent jason... heck even a noob can do good on him.  Besides the poor design game mechanics, we ave the toxic community. Play this game and expect the following:Team Killers, people working with jason to get you killed while you survive.When you think you are working as a group, people will just backstabb you. This game really pushes you to backstabb others to escape yourself. Its just soo ugh. I rather play dead by daylight... more fun even with friends tbh lol.The game can always improve, but it depends on the Devs. When i played beta i was so excited because i thought they will further improve it.Game launches --- killer gets more op and game becomes one sided dying simulator lol. Even when you do escape, its kinda dull tbh.Dead by daylight, or wait for last year... maybe theyll get it right.Keep an eye on this game incase the devs want to actually pass balance updates and actually bann the peeps working with jason / team killing for no reason..."
76561197985368940,Not Recommended,438740,32027724,Posted: 28 May,all,They Call Me Josh,"I love the game, and love the development team, but many seem to forget a few small facts concerning the game in its current state.That being said, the server issues, and other launch issues going on that are hindering gameplay are not as bad as people make them out to be.  I know that its not working to full capacity, but I know very few games, that ever release perfect.  People are calling this a Triple A title, yet its a kickstarter backed, no huge funding source, and actually, for what it is, its quite well put together.  Its got some things that need to be fixed, and its far from perfect, but I've enjoyed the time I've played the game beyond the small nuances that are currently going on.Call me fanboy if you like, I've got tons of Friday the 13th merchandise and movies and such from over the years, but in time, this game is going to have the problems ironed out and fixed.  For now, you either jump on and ride the wave, the nostalgia, and the fun that this game provides, or don't play it.  It is what it is.I'd like to commend the developers for responding and working tirelessly to fix the issues.  For that, I give it a thumbs up, its a fun game, and if you take all the seriousness out of it and just enjoy it for what it offers, its a great title with a lot of upside, even more so going forward.**As an edit to my Review, after the time I've spent playing this game, I've decided to give this game a negative review.  The game itself is fun, but GunMedia, Illfonic, or Steam, refuses to do anything about the harassment that players receive in this game as well as the cheaters and other issues that arise with this game.  Until the developers or Steam reporting does something to punish these kinds of antics, I can't recommend this game to anyone as much as it saddens me to say****Update 7/28/17 - Game still broken, Dev's are MIA, children and jackasses run amok, and reporting extremely savage behavior to the dev's does nothing.  Its a shame that the devs ruined a good IP with this garbage, to say I supported it brings me shame.  Oh well, maybe someone who cares will get the next chance to create a quality Friday the 13th game, until then, I got the NES version...**"
76561198027430395,Recommended,438740,32028178,Posted: 28 May,all,Mr Snugglepants,"Okay, so im a HUGE Friday the 13th fan. So when i heard that a game were being made of the series were made i was exstatic and holy hell does the game get why the movies are so great. The violence is wonderfully gory and the game captures the cheesy nature of the franchise. The counserlors ""victims"" get this goofy face on them when they see Jason and every time you run arcoss a corpse your character goes ""OH MY GOD, WHAT HAPPEND!"" like they cant figure it out. The feel of the game is just right. Add to the mix that the victims have the odds stacked against them pretty heavyly. You can get out and ""win"" as a counserlor in 5 ways. Fix the car and drive out, fix the boat and drive out, Fix the phone,call the cops and run to the edge of the map after five minutes, wait out the timer or kill Jason. All are hard to do and 3 of them need equipment that are scattered across the map. So the only way for the counserlors to win is to stick together and move from cabin to cabin in hopes to find the right items.it's great that way. A victory for the counserlors is hard fought and takes a hell of a lot of luck. For Jason it's just stab people and kill them in the goriest ways you can muster.The creators of this game seems to be huge fans of the series as well since they got KANE mutherfuggin hodder to do mo cap. If you dont know who that is watch friday the 13th part 7,8 and 9. If you do you see that Jason moves a certain way. THATS KANE HODDER! They also have had Tom Savini to give feedback on the design. If you dont know who Tom Savini is. Check out pretty much any movie from the 80s and forward that dons't rely to hard on CGI. See the makeup? THATS HIM!So yeah pretty godamn huge fan here and MAN is this game built up by fans. They've fixed the biggest gamebreaker bugs and a ♥♥♥♥♥onne of the smaller ones. So the game is totally playable and great. One small thing thought. Why in god's holy hell are there so many little russian kids on this game!? Where are their parents!?"
,Not Recommended,438740,32613237,Posted: 21 June,all,Spooky Cain,no
76561198263545624,Recommended,438740,32355595,Posted: 11 June,all,Clementine A-F,Fun. Try to watch some youtube videos to get the basics down and you'll be survivng in no time!Update 6/24/17And to the developers-its not fun when games freeze and you wasted your time for no XP or CP or anything. Waste. Multiple times a day. At least 4 times today. Please get serious about this. $40 for a game that crashes and freezes this much?
76561198083563874,Not Recommended,438740,32188493,Posted: 4 June,all,Crowley,"Ok I am writing this review to help out people that are debating to buy this game.This game at its current stage isnt worth the money atm, its way to broken and unstable.If you want to try out for yourself you can but be warned.Also every one who says its a ""indie devs"" or kickstarter game I say this, its not a reason to release a game that is fillled with glithes and bugs and not call it early access.Any one that read this review thx for your time and I will update it if the game gets better.Developers said sorry and released a bunch of skins ,but that makes no difference a refund would be a lot better instead of taking all the money with all the false promises.The game is just getting worse."
,Not Recommended,438740,32044069,Posted: 29 May,all,Shadow,"The game was released in a very poor state with consistent bugs that were fixed only weeks and counting after the game was released. But I had held hope that there would be fixes in the future that would address the core health of the game.I feel this game has come out over two months early. (my comment)One of the main issue(s) on this game is team play, people are teaming with Jason cause there ""friend(s)"" and it gives the game an unfair advantage when there are people alerting Jason their location not even fun to play the game with people like this please ban people like this. (my comment)POSTED: JULY 7 (CURRENT)Developers will ban you if you upset their friends. (I'm not banned btw, just pointing out how they conduct themselves)And if you have someone cheating against you? better hope you're a YouTuber who records every single match because that's the only way to report someone: Email a vid of the cheater to an unmonitored address and hope one day they will finish banning their friend's enemies and swimming in cash long enough to actually start worrying about the player-base. Agreed on this post as a friend of mine got banned for this while my friend was Jason and got banned for killing one of the developers when they were planning on killing him. (not my comment)POSTED: JULY 4 (CURRENT)I have been permanently banned from this game because of a single match of talking smack to people because they were helping Jason, and they provoked us. I bought this game with my own money to play with my friends. To be permabanned because some got salty. This game needs to be worked on removed off steam and issue refund(s) to all purchasers.  (not my comment)POSTED: JULY 8 (CURRENT)I repeat, THIS GAME DOES NOT HAVE ANY OFFICIAL TERMS OF SERVICE. You are not asked to agree with any Terms of Service upon purchasing or playing the game. (not my comment)Friday the 13th: The Game is a third-person horror, the survival game where players take on the role of a teen counselor, or for the first time ever, Jason Voorhees. You and six other unlucky souls will do everything possible to escape and survive while the most well-known killer in the world tracks you down and brutally slaughters you. Friday the 13th: The Game will strive to give every single player the tools to survive, escape or even try to take down the man who cannot be killed. Each and every gameplay session will give you an entirely new chance to prove if you have what it takes not only to survive but to best the most prolific killer in cinema history, a slasher with more kills than any of his rivals!UI: 3/10Player Toxicity: 7/10Updates: 1/10Optimization: 5/10Support: 1/10Feedback: 10/10The reason I got this game was for the gameplay.The reason I currently play this game as it's a good joke to rip on with friends."
,Not Recommended,438740,33284326,Posted: 5 July,all,Red,This game is gonna end up like No Man's Sky. Waste of $40.
76561198210810337,Recommended,438740,31978153,Posted: 26 May,all,andrewpointer6978,it do not work can you help me
76561198073600447,Not Recommended,438740,32031244,Posted: 28 May,all,The Nicky D,"Despite its rough launch, Gun Media has brought horror fans an amazing game to play with your friends. Friday the 13th is exciting and fast-paced horror as 8 survivors have to put their cunning and wits to the test in order to escape from Jason, repairing boats/cars to drive away to safety, or fixing up phone boxes to contact the police.Friday the 13th is fun, but feels like there is a lack of content overall. There's only 3 maps, but have randomized items to make it feel different every time you play on Crystal Lake, Higgins Haven, or Pacanack Lodge. The developers did mention that singleplayer content would arrive sometime this summer, which still hasn't been teased. There are some game-breaking glitches in this game, which hurts the immersion.This game stands at a 6.5/10, which could easily be an 8/10 if the developers were to add singleplayer content and more maps, items, etc."
,Recommended,438740,32389593,Posted: 13 June,all,[NRL] Norge100YT™,"The game is good, but there is a need report button. I saw someone teaming with Jason and killing us (not Jason i talking about, it's a player with teaming Jason and killing us) and there is a pepole using very high music in bacground, and thing. I really hope you adding Report button, please. Agree?"
76561198376449697,Not Recommended,438740,32888697,Posted: 27 June,all,BobStandard,I loved this game. great concept and just all around fun. but now i can no longer even play the game. i continue to get a loading error after the recent updates. im very unhappy. especially when i loved this product. hopefully it is fixed soon and i am able to enjoy it again. i will then change my review.
,Not Recommended,438740,32797382,Posted: 25 June,all,StoneRox,Not badEdit: Devs have left us
76561198154314860,Not Recommended,438740,33745094,Posted: 23 July,all,Patrick Star,This game isn't worth the 40$ listed price. Wait until a sale. Enough said. I only got it because a bunch of youtubers loved it. Don't fall for the youtube endorsement trap. Save yourself.
76561198118144448,Recommended,438740,31989801,Posted: 26 May,all,DarkMisery_,ded
76561198218491851,Not Recommended,438740,31972032,Posted: 26 May,all,BiRoTheInfinite,I would recommend this game as soon as single player comes out like it was promised in late summer 2017...still waiting.
,Not Recommended,438740,31970242,Posted: 26 May,all,Nazi Bear,I'll come back when more content arrives
76561198348195528,Not Recommended,438740,32797207,Posted: 25 June,all,Jpod,Someone please help becuase this game will always crash when I am nearly loaded into the game. When it says loading it will always freeze and then say error loading game. Someone please help me stop this error. I have windows 7 on a lenovo.
,Not Recommended,438740,31977808,Posted: 26 May,all,kitty-flakes,"It is a great idea but I got bored fast. (<- that doesn't mean you have to as well.)It's fun to play - I loved the idea of a killer (Jason) versus counselers added with voice chat.At the release, a lot of people played with mics and no children. Every now and then, I have a small child which is doing loud noises but that's fine  because you can mute them :) tho, most don't even use mics.In my opinion, a lot depends of luck. I am not sure if I like that or not but it makes the game interesting. (Finding knives, ...)I love when the counselors do teamwork but since some time I mainly get people who either hide in a closet the whole time or walking around in a room.I like that they are many ways to escape:Time runs out, Call the police, two and four seat cars and the boat.It's nice that you are able to call for help so one dead player get's back in-game which is great!I would buy Friday the 13th again but not for 37 bucks."
76561198056390742,Not Recommended,438740,32059596,Posted: 30 May,all,PyroPatt,"ignore the haters, this is a awesome game.UPDATE** I gave this game a break when it first released a while back, and as of right now, you still CANNOT remap your keys or buttons. I think it's absurd that you can't do this since I have to either sacrifice my push to talk ability to actually play the game on controller or bear with the TERRIBLE keyboard controls.I love the game, and I think the devs care very deeply about this game and appreciate all the work they have done, but it's absurd that a 40$ game that's been out this long doesn't come with a simple feature as this when pretty much all other games I play do have it incorporated."
,Not Recommended,438740,32099624,Posted: 31 May,all,人斬り Deathwish Bossu~,"*Update* (9/21/2017):I recommended this game during it's initial release, even with the heavy price tag it had. Community was salty as ♥♥♥♥ in the beginning and will continue to be a salt mine, that goes for most multiplayer versus games, but the right randoms still make me boot this game up. I gave the devs of F13 the benefit of the doubt after years of being burned by AAA game publishers and their early access ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, DLC highway robbery, loot box pseudo-gambling practices and general♥♥♥♥♥hattery. All we got is extremely slow updates and now this idiotic 2 dollar DLC of ♥♥♥♥ing swimsuits instead of bugfixes or something revolutionary like high-framerate gameplay (1440p 60fps) or 4k photo-realistic graphics like in P.T. Demo.If this continues, it'll go the route of Dead By Deadlight or Damned.*Initial Release Review*:Fun as hell, with the right players- just like every other multiplayer community with salty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. Buggy as ♥♥♥♥, giving them the benefit of the doubt that they'll fix things."
76561198346094757,Recommended,438740,34225263,Posted: 13 August,all,Sk8Mafia,"Game is ok, it's the people your FORCED to play with.. you have cheaters,loudmouths, and lately, extremely annoying people that just follow you around or block you from leaving room without you trying to kill them and losing 1000 points. You have idiots that try to run you over with car, idiots that tell Jason where you are.. or even worse, when you have friends playing together, and they run around for 15 min talking to each other while we're waiting to move on.. so ban me if you want, but most of the players of this game are ignorant low life pieces of garbage that ruin it for others so they can feel special.. if single player mode isn't out soon, I'm actually starting to hate something I have always enjoyed..UPDATE..Game has gotten better!!..Yay.."
76561198333018786,Not Recommended,438740,31978093,Posted: 26 May,all,Knuckles,"LOW FPS + Stuttering As ♥♥♥♥.Fix your goddamn game first, THEN you can release contents"
76561198283268379,Not Recommended,438740,33722351,Posted: 22 July,all,Lu Bu,"SOME WOULD LIKE THIS GAME, however I can't recommend in it's current state and I don't have a ""maybe"" option so... see below.This game came out and I had an absolute blast playing it.  In terms of enjoyment, this game (initially) gave me more enjoyment than most games i've played in my entire life.  The intensity was great at times, and the game was so funny at others.  Discovering the game and slowly peeling it's layers with the people who played at the time was just a thrill.  If I never play this game again, I will say it was worth what I paid just for those first couple months.  Met cool people, didn't have to work for two weeks when this was released so I played it ridiculous, and to my amazement I was one of the higher level players (at the time) and when I pulled out my final Jason (Level 32 I think) I regularly heard others gasp in awe because they hand't seen him yet.  That's how new and fresh and exciting this whole thing was.But then... they had some double xp weekend and released a new patch with nintendo jason skin... but a bug stopped me from being able to play and nobody else seemed to have the issues at the time so everybody pretty much wrote it off.  I will admit this left a bitter taste in my mouth and caused me to stop playing for awhile.Fast forward a few weeks ago, picked it up again and the game seems to have regressed a lot... I'm somewhat in awe.  The maps have shrunk. DLC is being added.  The single player story mode is not here (seems to be retconned too).  Still a glitchy mess (Initially didn't bother me as I overlooked it for just launching), and servers are still randomized in ridiculous ways. And the one that really got me in the past, allowing 3rd party programs to run while this game is being played.  You kill somebody, they look at campground cams and stuff only to say on skype or discord ""hey jasons here"" and crap like that... that is infuriating in this kind of game.  Especially when they have chat set a certain way for a certain reason.The major reason I can no longer recommend this game however... is this.Jason sometimes gets surrounded and fought (which is completely fair) in these hilarious and amazing fights that are generally centered around a car escape etc.  That was the intensity in this game and the core of it.  Jason has somebody in a grip, ""TOMMY SHOOT HIM SAVE ME!"" Tommy panics and fires... wounding jason but killing the player. This upset a lot of people over time. Sometimes they would insist they shot Jason from such a way they couldn't have hit the player, othertimes you would be dead on and the shotgun did absolutely nothing... but regardless if they are a bad shot, a troll, just panicked etc...   Rather than fix the poor hit detection (this is what was REALLY making people mad) Or fixing Jasons grip to simply have a player (push E to save them) Or adding a lock on ability while in combat mode... Rather than fix the long♥♥♥♥♥kill animations to be interupted under certain circumstances...They said, hey screw it take out team damage because it's making people mad and a few people kill other players.  But the truth is... the streamers were getting trolled.  It all came down to the streamers.  Which is really upsetting because now trolls can just grab keys and run off and hide.  That battery sitting by the car, no not there anymore because Chad grabbed it and is running to hide it somewhere... oh if only he could be killed because he's trolling the hell out of us and now jason just lets him go past.The core of the game itself is damaged.  Now, the few people who got trolled a few games out of 20-30 (it was over exaggerated) removed the mechanic that made the game what it was by keeping everybody in check. It made you tense, people would fight over boats and cars (and guess what, they would in real life too) sometimes... and others somebody would make the choice to stay (this is most often what happened)  but the uncertainty and ability to try to survive and screw people over is what made this realistic.  Now... instead you have forcibly changed peoples styles of play and it hurts the game as a whole.  It doesn't feel fun anymore like it did.Final Note - I will keep revisiting this game periodically and will change my review as updates continue."
,Not Recommended,438740,32344724,Posted: 11 June,all,Boks elkjop.no,♥♥♥♥♥ton of bugsNot getting fixed
76561198005622597,Not Recommended,438740,32002190,Posted: 27 May,all,The Doctor [Piluluas],It was fun in the beggining.Now it isn't.
76561198013536429,Not Recommended,438740,34442536,Posted: 23 August,all,locksheer,"Buggy as hell but ♥♥♥♥ing awesome!Some issues fixed after new update some stuff still screwed.1.  The hit boxes on the phone fuzes are ♥♥♥♥ed up and don't work anymore since the update.  Not sure about this one anymore since new update as I have not been in this position in a bit.  Most people don't really go for this or do it better secretly so leaving up until I know for  sure.2.  Attacking jason is a crap shoot now.  Half the time you hit the other half you do nothing...as in swing through his body but do not connect to him.  Or you can now connect with him while he is holding someone and nothing happens.  I watched someone hit him while he was carrying another person saw blood spurt and he walked a couple more steps then killed the person.  Since new update this is still an issue and seems to be getting worse.3.  You can knock Jason out of stun which is the stupidest thing I think I have ever heard of.  Stll happening after update even though they claimed it was fixed.  But the new great thing happening is bats breaking in one hit even on high luck characters if you try to attack jason while he is picking someone up.  So I guess the game programmers don't want us to save each other anymore.4.  This new one has pretty much ruined gameplay as a councelor.   Jason stun times have been reduced to the point where you cannot do anything.  Even if you are tommy and knock him down he will be back up before you can finish repairing something.  That is insaine and destroys councelor gameplay.  Also firecrackers became pointless after this update.  And I do mean pointless.  He walks into them then less then a second later is unstunned and killing the person trying to recharge stamina in firecrackers.  The game was pretty balanced before this.  Jason was overpowered but councelors working together, playing smart, having smart perk choices, and a bit of luck in item drops had a chance as long as bugs did not screw you.  Now if jason finds you even in a group it is over.At this point in game Bugys is useless because of reduced stun times and glitchy hit boxes, chad is useless because bats break after one hit now, and Jenny is useless because of same bat issues and stun box issues.Not sure what else to say.  The player base is pretty good.  Met some cool people playing this but every update seems to break the game to make jason more and more overpowered.  I can pretty much wipe the map as jason.  I have even had it where three objectives were getting completed at once and I stopped all three killing everyone though that was a bit of luck.  But this new update is WAAAYYY overpowered.  Its like the developers are listening to a level 15 idiot playing as Jason who is whining because he sucks against level 101 people who have been playing since the game started and have good tactics so they destroyed the councelors ability to use said tactics.I mean first they take away your ability to save other people 75% of the time by changing the hit boxs on jason and having you not able to hit him while he is picking up other characters, now they reduced stun times to 1 - 3 seconds on strong characters and make bats break when attacking jason in the back as he picks someone up.  Its like oh our players found tactics that work lets just removed those abilities so our♥♥♥♥♥♥poor playing friends who like to be jason can still kill them."
,Not Recommended,438740,32027977,Posted: 28 May,all,Blazing Panda,"it's a real shame, this game had so much potential but the devs ended up ruining it."
76561198319019278,Recommended,438740,34524368,Posted: 27 August,all,BLUECODE,"Finally i can play again. Well If someday the game update, I will like this game^^ please update more and more work for the game^^"
,Recommended,438740,33545013,Posted: 14 July,all,Jake Mayhem,"It plays out just like the movies. A bunch of Campers spawn and Jason kills them has they wander through cabins.Sometimes people escape but most of the time it is one, or two people.The objective is fun although very dull with limited escape options so you find yourself doing the exact same thing.But just spawning at a unknown location. I am not putting the game down but there should be more ways to put Jason down other then just one, Or more ways to escape.The game is very slanted in Jason's favor has it should be but do not expect to escape Jason has easy has dodging Killers in Dead by Daylight. If he gets you then it usually means death in a gory way has it should be. This is Friday the 13th afterall.Lastly once you die you are forced to spectate until the match is over, Now sadly if you died early on you are watching someone else play. Instead of them giving you points after death so you can join another match.It truly is Friday the 13th in video game form."
,Recommended,438740,32112486,Posted: 1 June,all,Keira,"Lost all my points, perks, and levels. Never playing this game again. Not worth $40."
76561198393488938,Recommended,438740,33949644,Posted: 1 August,all,Here's Джони,"Топовая игруля,советую всем.Жду не дождусь сюжетки)"
,Not Recommended,438740,32273459,Posted: 8 June,all,rogeriodogaz,Jason is too much OP and It isn't worth 2 buy the game
76561198400101745,Recommended,438740,34304299,Posted: 17 August,all,RIP Chads Luck,Used to be unplayable because my game would crash on the loading screen. But the devs fixed this and now that I can actually play the game. It's a great game with a lot of upcoming content. Keep improving the game Gun media and Illfonic.
,Not Recommended,438740,32072767,Posted: 30 May,all,Bearo,"This game use to be fun but the devs decided to ruin it.The developers are like those kids who would make up rules for freeze tag when you were a kid.Everyone can voice chat, thats pretty cool!Jason says something like ""I will kill you last"" for fun or drama.Nope, thats cheating, get banned.""Someone said something offensive!""Remember online activities not rated by the ESRB?Well these devs dont care, just get banned, for whatever they feel like.The player base took a nose dive as you might expect.The killer here isnt Jason, its Gun Media. And the victim isnt a counselor, its the game."
,Not Recommended,438740,32048420,Posted: 29 May,all,Pepsidot,fun game for a few hours... other than that the development on it is sooooo slow. seems like the devs don't care.
,Not Recommended,438740,32276226,Posted: 8 June,all,ZNemesis,"One of the strongest Jasons is tied to an preorder extra that you had to spend $6 to get, but it had to be 2 months before the game was released. The developers have promised they will never sell this Jason again. You can not replicate the strengths it has with another Jason.People are reselling Savini Jason for over $50 to $200. The developers were banning people who buy this Jason, but have since softened to revoking the Jason they have purchased.After the game has launched, the developers has released a new Jason that has the same abilities as an existing Jason (NES Jason is a reskin of Jason 3). They could easily implement this with Savini Jason to correct this oversight, but have not done so.Links to evidence:https://twitter.com/Friday13thGame/status/868627581783900164http://steamcommunity.com/app/438740/discussions/0/1291817208500283183/https://steamcommunity.com/app/438740/discussions/0/1291817837616319469/https://steamcommunity.com/app/438740/discussions/0/1291817208500283183/?ctp=23#c1291817837620734441"
76561198018531410,Not Recommended,438740,32015207,Posted: 28 May,all,☪ DragonMoon ☪,The most bad game at 40$. I can t even play because it crash all the time because this stupid update and a ♥♥♥♥ing DLC tha cost real money ? I am done this game is so dead.This game is earlyacces not full launch game so bugy is like a pain to even played I can t belave DBD is way superior than this.
76561198295481676,Not Recommended,438740,32009655,Posted: 27 May,all,DJ GREEN,this used to be good but now its just filled with asians and more glitches than the open beta6.5/10
76561198125805632,Recommended,438740,31981175,Posted: 26 May,all,The Deku King,good game but too many cry babys in the review
,Not Recommended,438740,32112209,Posted: 1 June,all,CRIMSON,whoever payes you $50 still for this game is a complete ♥♥♥♥ing jackass
,Recommended,438740,32886064,Posted: 27 June,all,NightcoreMaker YT,I recommend this game its fun alone or with friends.
,Recommended,438740,34193551,Posted: 12 August,all,ryabek,"The gameplay is fun and enjoyable. There are some bugs like Jason may grab you from a distance (maybe it's lag) and other players may team up and ignore your or help Jason finding you (happened). So just like any other game this one has kids too and the game is meant to be a teamwork but that situation kills it. There is no teamwork, there is only you. You will try to do things and Jason will come after you and you'll end up dying probably. Jason is stronger than you are and you really have to be slow if you don't want to get caught. If you die you have to wait til the game ends and it takes up to 10-15mins when a person doesn't get caught but can't escape either. It's boring to watch them for so long. You can have fun while playing, you can learn the game easily but you can not always succeed. Need friends to play, otherwise you'll have some problems. There are not many pros and cons to talk about, it's good for anyone and not really scary."
76561198256087041,Not Recommended,438740,32400494,Posted: 13 June,all,Mmosnow,Pretty fun survival game that you can have fun with for many hours.However has alot of bugs and glitches and little content (as of the writing of this review)also overpriced
,Recommended,438740,32332643,Posted: 10 June,all,Funky Fresh Anomaly,"Honestly just play with friends because that's the only enjoyable thing about this game also you can't get banned from it but this is a decent game but eh DON'T PLAY ONLINE WITH RANDOMS,"
,Recommended,438740,32843994,Posted: 26 June,all,Chr0nicle.Exe,The only game where my Mother likes me.
,Not Recommended,438740,32924242,Posted: 28 June,all,Muumitalo,"It really doesn't feel like full release. It has many bugs including ability to go trough map borders and getting stuck in Jason's hand after getting grabbed. It sometimes freezes too.Jason can also break doors and walls in combat stance. There isn't any cooldown after breaking, so you can't stun the Jason after it. It really makes the game annoying.Also he can block almost everything, including beartraps, so they become useless.Jason can't get stunned by firecrackers in combat stance, even without blocking.This isn't a problem, but why are there so many asian people in my games, and I live in Europe. Don't they have their own servers or what?"
76561198019028730,Recommended,438740,33592531,Posted: 16 July,all,Fidelacchius,Its a game in 2017 for 40♥♥♥♥♥♥♥dollars and you CANT REBIND ANY KEYS.-Changed this to a positive review biased on feedback from the devs.The game in my opinion is not worth the current price but they are actively working on it.  That's more then most games on here.
,Recommended,438740,32690228,Posted: 23 June,all,RIPBrianOConnor,Omg...10/10 .
76561198238915154,Not Recommended,438740,32490150,Posted: 16 June,all,Dr. Lecter,"UPDATED: Patches are slow, poorly QAed, and introduce more gamebreaking bugs than they fix. I've written off Gun/Illphonic completely.Despite glitches allowing for exploits, which appear to slowly be getting patched, the overall game is a lot of fun. Whether it's worth $40 depends on how much you enjoy the hunt/being hunted, and how much you care about $40."
,Not Recommended,438740,33470444,Posted: 11 July,all,Necular,"I left this game a positive review because i thought the game was good and while the game is semi playable the game is filled with people who are just straight up a**holes who really have nothing better to do than talk trash and taunt you. Not to mention the people who block the 2 seat car because they can't get it. My point is that if you want this game to play jason, wait until they release the singleplayer, that is if it ever happens."
76561198027333783,Recommended,438740,32136410,Posted: 2 June,all,S..W..A..T,nice game
76561198353272399,Recommended,438740,34606096,Posted: 30 August,all,Ege V.I.P,I'm getting an error
,Recommended,438740,32608166,Posted: 20 June,all,Bare Bitch,"i can insult people now playing  as a role of a typical black man, a snobby white kid, an edgy kid, and a fatass. all doing that while beating the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of a retired hockey player back from his trip at new orleans"
76561198132330909,Not Recommended,438740,31983427,Posted: 26 May,all,Thick Jimmy,$40 for a buggy trash game.That's it...
76561198291554201,Not Recommended,438740,32043741,Posted: 29 May,all,OldSalty,"So when the game released me and everybody else who bought this game were very happy. the game was fun and addicting. after 150 hours i stoped playing it becasue i wanted to take a break from it. i returned to this game today and what did i saw? the optimization just got worse. i neverexpirinced 30fps in this game ever before but after the update everything just got worse. and i started to realise that less and less people are playing this game . you can see it for yourself on steam charts. If the devs wont add new features like maps, charecters, escape options, weapons etc the game will be dead. the saddest part is that it already feel like its dead. i keept getting the same players for 3 days and the serching time is now just much more longer 2 MIN it took me to find a lobby.So for anyone who wants to buy it, i can only advice you to wait untill the next update to see if the game will improve."
,Recommended,438740,32562685,Posted: 19 June,all,Mitsuko,SO this is a good game even though it has a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of problems they still need to fix. I would still wait for the price to go down but its fun buy it (:
,Recommended,438740,32293203,Posted: 9 June,all,Merciful,"After the new patch, I feel like most of the issues I had have been fixed, I'm very happy to see that there's no more teamkilling. The new maps look are amazing and wonderful. The fact that they are smaller makes everything better, shorter games, no more hiding In a tent the whole time, etc.The game still lacks content... But more stuff will be added soon, which Is good.Overall, I feel satisfied atm."
,Recommended,438740,33291516,Posted: 5 July,all,Mangekyō,"Good game, 9 attemps to escape out of 10."
76561198176960390,Not Recommended,438740,32159840,Posted: 3 June,all,its pape,seriously dont get this game dont have the time to list all issues if this game is 20$ then maybe get it
,Not Recommended,438740,32879275,Posted: 27 June,all,Mr. Meeseeks,"This game WAS good, but then the devs started trying to make rules, most of which result in perma ban.At first you could say what you want. Then they go (through reddits) and make ""Rules"" saying threats of violence, and discremenation weren't allowed.Then in the rules they say several times (ALONG THE LINES OF) Teamkill is considered a strategy so it is allowed. Now of course they had a rule to prevent people from helping jason, so most people teamkilled to do it.THe most recent update the made team kill impossible. Only way to kill a teammate is if they step in your beartrap after being hurt.This game has been on a very steep hill and its beens sliding down it so fast, that eventuallyhttp://store.steampowered.com/app/242800/Day_One__Garrys_Incident/Day One: Garry's Incident will be better than it."
,Not Recommended,438740,32126910,Posted: 2 June,all,Lord Derpy,"I'm changing my review recommendation from a yes to a no. To be certain I enjoy playing Friday the 13th. The game has a number bugs both big and small, unrefined mechanics. and missing content for the price tag. But the problems were never so overbearing that the game's good points couldn't shine through. Playing as Jason and damning the rowdy and noisy counselors to my own personal idea of hell was extremely vindicating. And escaping from Jason was oftentimes tense, but when you succeeded it was satisfying to walk away leaving  Vorhees to wallow in his failure to catch everybody.However, the reason I no longer recommend this game is because Gun Media have damaged their professional integrity as a company. Gunmedias system for reporting players in Friday the 13th for breaking  punishable rules or just plain outright cheating states in its fine print that you 100% need evidence of the punishable action you are accusing a player of doing. (ie a video recording) And I agree with the system as whole, certainly it might make the reporting system a little slower because you need to handle reports on a case by case basis. But it's a great way to ensure there are no victims of an incorrect or unjust banhammer.That is until it came into light that a member of Gun Media has been confirmed responsible for banning players without the needed evidence to do so. Trusting instead the word of mouths of friends and colleagues, despite the fact that it is a clear violation of the system itself. The reason I am so upset about this is because by one single case of foul play coming to light. We NOW need to call into question every single banning case prior. We can no longer be certain of the integrity of Cun Medias prior convictions nor the integrity of future action to come. Just how many peopel perior have been pushished for being reported without proper evidence? We might never truly know.As a result my view on this game will remain negative until Gun Media publicly addresses having failed our trust in them as a business. Individuals responsible have been properly reprimanded, and compensation is offered for the players wronged by the misused system. Until then my position will remained firmly in the area of “Don’t buy this game.”"
,Recommended,438740,32041720,Posted: 29 May,all,Nate,"New Review:  Now that the game works properly and you can actually play it's a lot of fun.  If  you are a fan of F13 then it's a no brainer, pick it up.  If you are a fan of the game Dead by Daylight  you will probably enjoy this game.  If you are unsure about the game I can't say that I would recommend it.  It is a lot of fun to play with friends but can get repeptive quickly.  Overall , I'd give it a 7 out 10.  Solid game, fans of the franchise will  love it.Old Review: Can't recommend a game that doesn't work 90% of the time for 50% of the consumers who purchased it.  It's fun when it works, but not taking server issues into account, there isn't enough content to justify the 40$ pricetag.  Once they add the single player, and fix the database issues and server issues, it might be.  I'd wait until a price drop, unless your a massive F13 fan.  Save yourself some frustration and wait until your'e sure you'll be able to even login past the start menu."
,Recommended,438740,32634090,Posted: 21 June,all,iSO-Retro,this game is really fun but you never realy get to be jason
76561198301892472,Not Recommended,438740,34259558,Posted: 15 August,all,StopIt,where the content devs
76561198133185222,Not Recommended,438740,34430210,Posted: 22 August,all,I.Love.Megan,worst matchmaking in the history of gaming . w8 3 hrs still no game no ppl only alone in made lobby .
,Not Recommended,438740,34076582,Posted: 7 August,all,Jason Voorhees,GAME CORRUPT AS♥♥♥♥♥♥FIX THIS PLZ BEFORE I DELETE IT
,Recommended,438740,33389766,Posted: 8 July,all,𝐼𝓇ø𝓃𝓕ø𝓍,The Devs that made this game is really great! The polished the game like a boot and made the game true to the films I love dearly!This game beats the dead by daylight devs!10/10
,Not Recommended,438740,32703294,Posted: 23 June,all,Ra's al Ghul,Put some effort into this Game dear Devs and i will write a positive Review.
76561198025220532,Not Recommended,438740,32003762,Posted: 27 May,all,Noobjob,"You can tell by my record i've played this game for a large amount of time. So far based on my observations, the community sucks, such as too many people leaving before you can even kill them as jason therefore they don't count towards your score. Too many bugs to the point where its not enjoyable being jason or the counselor. Goodbye Friday the 13th until you get better updates or etc. This game isn't worth $40."
76561198098490288,Not Recommended,438740,32763602,Posted: 25 June,all,Ethical Coma,"I had an unsolvable problem where when I got into the game - where you run around and stuff - there was no sound, I'm hoping this issue was just due to my old head set (turtle beach earforce 760)"
,Not Recommended,438740,31988670,Posted: 26 May,all,Frostie,"Don't even buy this game, not worth It, they've ruined this game, I've played since the FT13 beta and I enjoyed it quite dandly, well perfect game in the beta, full release came and I was so hyped to play it! But they had a bad start so hyped was ruined, now recent patch they have killed this game 1,068 players still stand and lower every day, they also rush updates and additonally don't talk♥♥♥♥♥♥to who is friends with dev's they will get you banned faster than a cheeter against a deer.2/10 don't think about buying It's littearly utter♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198402050662,Recommended,438740,35223306,Posted: 26 September,all,the gamer,how need fix hight ping on friday the 13th?
,Recommended,438740,34045122,Posted: 5 August,all,CKamen,Sometimes match player complete then the screen goes blank and stays blank(the room all player) please fix it !!!   New problem！so lag！
,Recommended,438740,32196928,Posted: 5 June,all,SPADES-SoStronk.com,PLEASE MAKE ASIAN ONLINE SERVERS
,Not Recommended,438740,32217293,Posted: 6 June,all,El Presidente,"Overpriced game.I changed this review many times.Back then i had hope that this game will be DbD rival and now i see that progress is very slow, devteam is small, Single Player is not released (promised in summer) and this idiotic community is even worse now (not all of them of course).Based on my experience since last match, i will share my knowledge with you.- Community is very toxic. There are few major groups of toxic players. I will mention best examples of those groups.1. The Old Farts - They can`t imagine that there can be different / opposite opinions.Likes: Retro horror movies, mostly Hollywood crap for people with low IQ.Dislikes: Those who don`t like Retro movies, those who like modern Horror movies, those who criticize F13 game.2. DbD Survivors - If you played Dbd then you know what i mean. They always complain. ""Jason is OP"", ""Jason can kill you"", ""Why i can`t fight with Jason"". Teabagging, idiotic mic speeches etc.Likes: Weak Jason, bad Jason, nerfed Jason, teabagging, insulting Jason for not standing still whole match.Dislikes: Balanced Jason or Councilors, Jason that can kill, Councilors that can`t kill, good Jason, any actions that can help Jason to avoid their toxic behaviour.3. Toxic in general - Many games have those players.Likes: Teamkilling, cheating, bug-abusing, insulting players.Dilikes: Rules that works, actions against cheaters / bug-abuser, bans.- Development (updates) progress is slow- Lack of content.- Bad customization. Cheap councilor reskins, no Jason customization, can`t choose default music (if you don`t like Part 1 themes for example), no modern content.- Bad updates. Retro Jason that makes this game a joke, pack of simple reskins and all of this was released instead of more fixes.- Exclusive Jason for backers. Not that i have problems with special rewards. It`s cool. What i don`t like is that this exclusive skin has unique stats. Not a skin, but separate Jason with very good combination of pros / cons.- Broken or poorly balanced features. Good example is how Jason kills his victims. Most of the time i see Shift + grab. I do that too. Many reasons for that. This game requires better balance, where Jason will be motivated to kill with attacks, environment etc. For now (it was for long time at least) all this running, insults from councilors, good teams will motivate you only to use Shift + grab. If not, then you are either very good player or never played with good teams. I did. It was pain in the mask.- Leavers. People who leave game when grabbed by Jason or don`t like something.- Microphone abuses. You can mute, but you`ll have to do that every match. Politics, insults, adult things and many more topics.Some info about patches.Patch 1.03: Nothing important. We still have tk, high ping etc.They made Jason part 3 recolor based on NES Jason and some counselor recolors.At least DbD has some real outfits, not just recolors.Hotfix 28.06.17: Fixed some things and achievements. Fun part is that you can earn achivs, but you won`t get those that you should have already.As of 10.07.17 devs said they will ban players for discrimination and other things. Only good news so far.02.10.17 Played after long pause. Better interface for character customization, no single player (I was right again. No promised SP in Summer. Cookie to me for that.) Another trend is disconnection. Last time it was common when Jason grabbed people. Now it`s more often and out of 3 matches - all 3 had around 2-3 players that disconnected. Jason found you? Disconnection. Car is already full? Disconnection. Not spawned as Jason? Disconnection.This ""content schedule"" is sad and funny. Funny because there are people who still trust developers of this game, even after lie about SP release. They will defend devs no matter what. ""Go play DbD if you don`t like this classic horror old skool masterpiece, you spoiled toxic virgin without life"".Sad part is that wasted too much when bought this game. In comparison to the same DbD, DbD has much more for lower price. Killers with different playstyles. Yes, it`s hard to call them killers, but they can sacrifice survivors at least.Speaking of DbD. Kids and those who act like kids are now not so brave to tell you what they think about your mom. Because of new rules? Don`t know. I almost cried when i played game for the first time after Doctor dlc and there were no insults in chat. Killer camped!What i see in F13? Russian insulted German for no reason and some other guys said something stupid. Great."
,Recommended,438740,32057089,Posted: 29 May,all,Clem,"Well, it looks like most issues have been fixed (at least in commnuity sense).The game is practically a Friday the 13th movie, except instead of watching the victims be murdered by Jason, you're either getting murdered or are murdering as said individuals. Both Jason and his prey can use many abilities and tricks to abilities to outsmart and outmanuever the other side, such as teleportation and even being able to fight back against Jason himself.Think of it like Dead by Daylight, except the survivors aren't pampered and the game never went through an identity crisis. :)Unlike Dead by Daylight, where the game (at current time of writing this review) is built to level both sides to even odds, Jason has full power. The game is built so that as many consulars will die as possible, given that Jason knows what he's doing.Definitely recommend this game if you're looking for a horror multiplayer game. Most of the Jason kills are satisfying to watch as both sides, and escaping his terror will put you in a sense of relief."
76561198204206853,Not Recommended,438740,33935047,Posted: 31 July,all,Mrspyfox1,"Honestly this game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ on it's own. After 100 hours on this game i can say it's sure as hell is not worth 40 bucks on steam.First off the game is glitchy and very laggy as hell, unless you have a high system gaming computer you're ♥♥♥♥ed.Second, the servers are full of screaming kids and trolls who have no idea about Friday the 13th and are WAY to young for the game.The people constantly team up with Jason/gang up On Jason and totally ruin the fun and excitement of playing jason. (aka getting stuned over and over by 5 counselors around you in a circle)Finally the admins and people on there are ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s or ♥♥♥♥ing foreginers who don't even speak English♥♥♥♥ this game, ♥♥♥♥ the people, ♥♥♥♥ the developer, i want my money back"
76561198064302733,Not Recommended,438740,32785350,Posted: 25 June,all,Woah,"I actually thumbed this game up some months ago, but i did a mistake in doing that. The game is a buggy mess right now. I've never played a game with this many bugs occuring so often. I just finished a game were i grabbed a counselor and i couldn't do any kills and she was just stuck in my hands. And the same game after i killed everybody the match didn't even end, when everyone was dead or had escaped.And it's just so dumb, everytime they roll out a patch to fix bugs they create even more bugs with the patch. They have even ♥♥♥♥ed up the optimization, i've an gtx 1080ti and sometimes my fps goes down to 48fps when it was atleast a solid 100fps+ everytime before these patches that they did.I was a big supporter to the devs/the game but right now considering their dumb moves with patches and etc, i can only be dissapointed.Just stay far away from this game if you've any plans to buy it now, it's also lacking hugely on the content part but we'll see they'll add content SOON lol. But nowhere worth 40$ right now.Maybe worth it if they add alot of new content and patch out all these bugs."
76561198091887852,Recommended,438740,32670416,Posted: 23 June,all,yuh,Originally a thumbs down but the game got a lot more polished after the updates.
