user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,439190,23516831,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Ash,"Filled with compelling one-liners and combat mechanisms.The story (or stories) are delicate and versatile, reminds me of Transistor. I couldn't get a hold on what the writer was gonna do to me and it unsettled me. Combat is what you want it to be. I felt invincible after finishing my combo-based sword fu build but you can also choose to upgrade time freeze ability and make it a turn-based strategy game. Overall a delightful surprise that shows me top-down ARPG can still be this fun."
76561198047842321,Recommended,439190,22471530,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,cyben,"Single player Hack and Slash (magic warrior) choice-based action game with time travel (or prescience), lots of humor, several good RPG elements, and a somewhat convoluted  storyline.Pros:-Excellent combat system, easily the best I can remember seeing in a hack and slash/magic game.-Great enemy strength to get into the game.  You'll probably die a few times, but not a slaughterfest.-Good progress of enemies getting tougher, more numerous, and more diverse and dangerous as you get Truths.-Excellent storyline, so many twists and turns!  Unlike other choice based games, all of your choices actually matter.-Humor, it's a hurricane of puns, cultural references, fantasy references, sci fi references, etc.-Very fun to play, I played through it in a day, because I couldn't set it down for long.-Replayability is very high, there are many, many different endings, and even after you've gotten the true(best) one, you can still go back and find out what happens in all the others.Cons:-Length.  It's not short by any means, especially with the replayability, but you only really have to play through 5 times (The first 4 to collect secret ""truths"").-Enemies just can't keep up with you, they more or less scale with your character's capabilities, but combine your burgeoning skill with it, and if you're like me, you'll end the game wishing there was an endless attack mode with enemies getting more and more aggressive/numerous  just for giggles, training, and pure ridiculouslness of what you can get up to.-This is going to be a butt to play without a controller, aiming in precise directions (gl with arrow keys) is pretty necessary for precision.  A joystick would probably work great though.-A couple of minor button failures where I would just stand in place pressing the same button and nothing happening.  Pressing any other button would instantly unstick me though, and it might very well have been due to my controller/drivers instead of the game.Verdict:  It's a very good game.  Get it, you won't be disappointed.  It's not a super expensive game, and it delivers exactly what it promises in a very slick, polished and fun way.  Oh and the combat system is epic.  There's just no other way to put it.  Play it for the combat system alone."
,Recommended,439190,28653011,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,sialis,"This is a great game if you can keep your completionist tendencies in check.It's a novel game with cute mechanics and adorable cats and bunnies and foxes with swords. The game mostly focuses on three things: combat (which was okay), exploration (which was also okay), and choosing your own adventure by making choices between or, rarely, during stages. That last part is where the game shines. It's fun to go through and see what happens if you recklessly use the ancient artifact or listen to the evil gem that surely can't lead you to doom, right?The problem is that combat and exploration get stale. No new enemies are introduced after the third playthrough. You'll get all the equipment and items after a similar amount of playthroughs, depending on how much you sidetrack and explore. So once it gets to about the fifth time going through the game there's no more character progression.Combat becomes too easy and there's no incentive to make it less easy because you get more XP for not getting hit and you just want the thing to be over with so you use an OP combo (ice sword + energy on kill) to make combat short but boring. You no longer care about exploring once you found all the hidden lore and items, because all chests give you at that point at HP and energy which you don't need due to you just rushing through combat.The game does do a good job of making stage traversal easier as you get more powerful (protip: unlock run speed as soon as you can) and unlock more shortcuts with new items. But still, once you get to the 8th-ish playthrough it becomes more of a chore than fun, as the reward of more plot / lore may not be enough to keep you grinding.But it's okay! You only need to do 5 playthroughs in order to finish the game! You'll probably end up doing a couple more, but unless you are going for the 2 achievements that require you to level up to max level or unlock all the stories you don't need to grind to the point where the game is boring. But if you're one of those people who do want to 100% a game, beware that this game is a massive grind for 100%."
76561198053232801,Recommended,439190,32806680,Posted: 26 June,all,Random,"In the end I did like this game and would recommend it.The artwork is decent and the narration is well done.Before I picked up the game I was worried it might be too childish or too repetitive to be fun... knowing I would have to have multiple playthroughs.In the end though, the game got better I thought.  While you do have multiple playthroughs, there is something different on each one, and you are able to plan a path to get what you want.  I got through to the best ending in just the 6th playthroughs, and there was surprisingly little repetition.The combat system gets better as more powers are unlocked.  I did wish there had been some sort of boss battle rather than increasingly chaotic group brawls.... but in the end it was a minor dissappointment.I left having enjoyed my time with this game and having seen as much of it as I want to.  I would recommend it for an engaging ~6 hour adventure into a fairytale land than is much darker than it first appears."
,Recommended,439190,28337110,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Oncle Ben,"Don't expect a great action-RPG at the core gameplay level:  combats are imprecise, repetitive - 5 enemy types, no boss - and suffer from bad camera placement; the level design is inconsistent and hard to read, and the loot and weapons system is essentially useless.Despite all that it's hard not to recommend this game due to the very clever metagame of finding your path through the various stories by changing your choices. Also the art style is nice and the charming narrator gives the main character a lot of personnality."
,Recommended,439190,24030557,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,🦊Reineke Fox🦊,"Developers and Publishers: Spearhead GamesPlatforms: PC, PS4Release date: 12th of AprilGenre: Action RPGPlay mode: Single Player---------------------------------------------------------------I'd like to start with concrete facts about the game, but such experimental and unique products come out extremely rare and usually from the pen of the true masters of their craft. Even though they (Spearhead Games) has been around for only a few years - this studio has established itself from the best side with such a games like ""Tiny Brains"" and ""Arena Cyber Evolution"".Their newest project - ""Stories: The Part of Destinies"" goes to a whole new level, but not thanks to graphics, sound, level design or other trivial things (which however very well made). The secret of this game success is hiding in its name - Story. Definitely not the greatest or longest one (on one walkthrough You will spend no more than a couple of hours). Nevertheless, here is where the Game truly blooms. In order to find a true ending You would Need to perform a several walkthroughs and each one will be different with different ending, reviling You the so-called “Truth” about World, characters and items. Narrator, who actively commenting Your actions adds diversity and humor into what’s happening on the screen. Battle system also won’t let You down – basically Batman: Arkham _____ (insert preferable title here) – easy to understand, hard to master. There are also very basic crafting system and more in depth perk system introduced.By the middle of the walkthrough, appears very strong feeling that either release of the Game was rushed by publisher or developer ran out of money. Spearhead Studio could done much more with such bright ideas and tools at their disposal.Pros:- Choices- Battle system- Narrator- Design Style- SoundtrackCons:- Repetitive enemies- “Early access” feelingOverall: 8/10 - I felt like a child reading new fable book (Even despite the fact that today is my 27th birthday)"
,Recommended,439190,23656987,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Fletch,I saw this game in a penny arcade review and bought it shortly after. I'm really impressed by this title. This is a well polished game with the fundamentals done well and the extra bits only adding to the enjoyment.Both the narration and the artwork are reminiscient of Bastion but with a bit more humour casually dropped into the dialogue.The best part of this game though is the story it takes you through. I found myself making decisions in this game which I normally wouldn't have in others and it leads you down some really interesting a thought provoking paths.Highly recommend if you're looking for something interesting to get your teeth into.
76561198128691598,Recommended,439190,32075221,Posted: 30 May,all,IAmMOJOJOJO,The prosEXCELLENT story tellingfun charactersthe combat is fluid and easy to lose yourself inthe game is as long or as short as you want it to be (there are 24 possible paths but you are only required to complete 4 fo them)the consloading screens from helltad bit glitchyoverall 7.5/10
,Recommended,439190,23717711,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Aarocode,"This is a decision-branch adventure game with short play-sessions and a really fun narrator (think Bastion, but with charm over grit and a slight British touch). The level variety is fairly small, and due to the decision-branch nature of how the campaigns progress, each level is played through multiple times (especially for a completionist).I binge-played, but I don't personally mind going through the same decision paths over-and-over. A campaign takes anywhere from half an hour to an hour, depending on your decisions.For those that want to complete the game, but would rather bounce around the branch-paths, drawing what choices you've already made may help keep you from accidentally repeating a path you've already been down. There hints in-game that indicate paths that were already taken and ones still yet to take, and there is a way to review the full path of a compaign, but when you're in the middle thinking if the choice you make now leads to choices you haven't made in the next chapter, it will be easier to keep track separately.The puzzle-solving is minimal, and honestly after a while I just took the trade-off damage to avoid having to repeat them over and over. Combat is counter-based, ala Arkham Asylum, and pretty well implemented. It took me maybe 3 or 4 campaigns to figure out what worked best for me, and I have watched players / streamers have some trouble with it, so it could be challenging depending on your skill-level.There are some combat-related glitches (freezing in-place until hit or for a few frantic seconds, throwing enemies at everything but where you feel like you're aiming), and the camera can lead to some cheap-shots by mobs or ""blind-faith"" attacks against certain enemies that you really don't actually want to attack, which can get frustrating. But, when you pull off a seamless fight with lots of flare, it feels really awesome.The levels have some branching, but this is either optional or under certain conditions. Some levels have a set path that is taken every time, some have a path depending on the choice you make. However, there isn't enough level-path variety to make more than 3 or 4 passes unique. Fair warning, while it may be tempting (and mechanically convenient) to dash through breakable objects, there is a chance that the debris will get you stuck in the floor, and I was only lucky enough to save from having to reset the level once.The loading times are longer than I expected, but I think they improve a bit if you've already loaded the level previously in the same play session. When I first started playing the game crashed, but that was the only time, and I was messing around with the options quite a bit.The music is wonderful. I caught myself humming the tunes several times, and I did get the soundtrack. The artwork is fairly good, too, although the in-game models don't quite have the same color or look that the avatars do. I have seen gameplay where the story-bits between gameplay were skipped, but I don't know how that was done, as I tried to skip it and whatever buttons I pressed (controller) didn't work, so that would have probably cut down on time and some monotony if I could have figured that out or if it was made obvious by a ""skip"" prompt.All-in-all, I enjoyed it. Will probably come back to it in a year or so when I've forgotten the story, to play it again."
,Recommended,439190,29488568,Posted: 25 January,all,Pikapool,"Stories: The Path of Destinies is a hidden gem. Despite some of its flaws, this one is still fun to play. This is an action rpg game or hack and slash rpg, whichever suits you. The battle is similar to batman arkham series but simpler than batman, what this game has that hooked me up, is the choices matter ending. Here is the summary:Pros:- Replay value, the game has 24 endings and 1 true ending. each of 24 endings is a little bit similar in certain way, I cant tell you which or what because it would be a spoiler. see the cons for this- Fun battle system, its like arkham series, but with swords, and you has 4 elemental swords with unique magic for each swords- There is also gems that can be socketed into your gloves to add certain effect, such as mov speed, crit chance, shieldbreaker, etc- Besides battle, there are some simple puzzles and a little bit platforming using hook/grapple shot- Graphic is ok- Story is pretty good, and the narrator is quite funny- Easy achievements (20-24 hours)Cons:- Lack of enemy variations, total there are only 3-4 kinds of enemies with some of its variants, like dark crow, blue crow with shields.- Each playthrough can be finished in 45 minutes more or less. too short, but i guess this isnt that bad. why? see below- Battle is too simple, after my 4th/5th playthrough, I started getting bored, the game is too easy. If you can finish batman on hardest difficulty, then this game will be a breeze, there is no difficulty option either. Reynardo's moves is limited to counter, hit/attack, throw, magic, hook shot and dash. And with only 4 kinds of swords, all has the similar moves, only difference is in their magic. So, if you want to 100% this game, is going to be tedious to the max. Because you need to reach lv 46 for one of the achievements.- At first, dungeons seems big, because there are some closed doors which can only be opened by certain swords, and there will be some areas opened up after my several playthroughs, but its not much, so basically, you will play in the same dungeons over and over, you will know every nook and cranny, yes, repetitive.Regardless the flaws, this game is still fun. I am having a blast playing it. If dev is planning for a sequel, my advise is to add some more complexity for the battle. Recommended for its replayability and the story"
,Recommended,439190,28767163,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,NullDivision,"A really interesting game with a well played out narrative and an interesting concept. Finished the main story in a little over 4 hours but only unlocked around 25% of the story.If there's anything I'm not a fan of in this game is the fact that it becomes repetitive over time. Once all gems have been unlocked and you've played through each map a couple of times it becomes readily apparent that a lot of it doesn't change which is a shame given how well the story has been executed.All in all, the 15€ pricetag seems about right for it given the amount of polish and detail that went into it but given the grind after a couple of hours I would wait for it to drop around 10€. Still a really nice game and whole heartedly recommend it."
,Recommended,439190,22465592,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Surplus Freshness,"If you loved Bastion or Transistor, this game's narrative is for you.Fun GameplayGood story mechanicBeautiful graphics (although you might want to lower the graphic settings if you don't have a great computer, I did crash once)I give this game a 8.5/10. Could use a little more polish and some narrator lines didn't match up with the dialog boxes. But overall, would recommend."
,Recommended,439190,33289515,Posted: 5 July,all,Steel,"Stories: Path of Destinies is an interesting game with fun, repetitive gameplay.Stories is about a fox named Reynardo that is part of a resistance force fighting against an oppressive Emperor. Your job is to he Reynardo find the ""true ending."" By doing that, you make choices on what you think might be the right one to choose, and you go into that level. There are 24 ending in the game(25 if you count the ""true ending.""), and almost every single one are ""bad endings."" If you do get a ""bad ending,"" you start from the beginning, and you might learn a truth (depends on what path you take).I wish I could say more about the story, but it's a ""choose your own adventure"" type of game, so onlyyoucan make-out how the story works.The gameplay takes place in a third-person perspective (kind of like Diablo), and you move Reynardo by right-clicking and holding it, and aiming your mouse on where you want to go. It's easier said than done, though. Sometimes your moment will be quite awkward at times, so I recommend using a controller if you have one, or play it on the Ps4. There are a lot of parts where you need to use your grapple in order to get places, which is easy to do. All you do is aim your mouse and press the Alt key.The levels are short, but are nicely done. I never got lost on where to go, and getting from point A to B wasn't all that difficult. They throw some hazards to give the game some challenge if you aren't in a fight, but it's not all that hard. There are 2-3 puzzles, and since they're so easy, they do feel pointless.But the biggest problem with the levels is that there is only 5-6 levels in the whole game, which makes playing the game over and over again for different endings really boring.The combat itself is simple, but fun. You left click to swing your sword to attack, shift for the special ability your sword has, and Ctrl to dodge. Even though it sound easy, it's kind of hard to master. When your enemy is going to attack, ""!"" appears on the top of their head. You need to aim your mouse at that enemy, and left click to counter it, which interrupts its attack. If there is an enemy with a shield, you need to throw an enemy into it in order for it to drop its shield. But the issue with the combat is that it's very repetitive, since it's the same 6 enemies, and there isn't any bosses.There are 4 swords in the game. The different swords have different abilities, and can open up doors. The ""fire sword"" can only open up the orange doors, the ""ice sword"" can only open up light blue doors, etc. But the only disappointing thing about the swords is that they're not all that different. The only different thing about them are the abilities.When you win a battle, you get EXP. When you earn enough EXP, you level up and have a point to spend on upgrades. You can: get more heath, get more running speed, and much more. There isn't much about the leveling up system, but it does it's job right.I'm not going to talk about the characters, because that alone might bring out spoilers. It's best for you to see what they are in the game.The soundtrack and graphics are amazing and beautiful! I can't say anything else.The only voice actor does his job well. Even though some voices he does are kinda mediocre, he does a good job on the character's voices.TL;DR: Stories is a ""Choose your own adventure game"" with fun, yet repetitive gameplay with nice, but repeated levels, and nicely done graphics and soundtrack. It's not everyone's cup of tea, but I had a good time with this game, and I think you would as well if you like Diablo.Recommended!"
,Recommended,439190,22389879,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Brian C. (The Schmaltzy Cynic),"Coming after Moon Hunters with ambitious narrative ideas, I feel like a broken record for saying I admire this game as a failed experiment. Only I don't know what they were trying to accomplish.Upon first-impressions, the gamelay is Bastion with an Arkham style combat system, and yet the system is more shallow. The game boasts of its choice system in shaping future events--which is mostly true--however, the gameplay doesn't offer enough variation to keep you playing. And even when its novel concept shines, there are mistakes made that make the reward of the ""good"" ending feel cheap.The best thing I can say is the game is functional and satisfying (for a while). Aside from the optomization issues on higher-end settings and some bugs that may impede your overall enjoyment, nothing about the gameplay is broken or bad. It's such a shame that it probably won't keep you playing to complete the whole journey.The Most Non-Roguelite Roguelite That Ever Was (It's Not Really One)The strangest complaint I have is that the game feels like it's in the wrong genre.The trailer and description of STPD is one of learning from your mistakes in Reynold's quest to be a hero--and live to tell the tale. With roughly 45 mins to an hour and a half of a playthrough, the game is structured in a bite-sized format. The game encourages huge replaybability with 20+ hours of content. And the accumulation of your previous actions and newfound abilities will influence later playthroughs--storywise and gameplay.Maybe I am alone but this game seems perfect to be a rouge-lite. It wouldn't have to be brutally hard, maybe a casual-friendly one that emphasizes replaying for the narrative, but the game's structure would better suit that type of genre. And this is said by someone who detests rogue-lites.The reason why I mention this idea is because some of the better qualities of roguelites would be to STPD's benefit. Specfically, procedurally generated environments as well as a diverse progression system, which are the two biggest problems with the gameplay. STPD simply gets way too samey way too fast.In total, there are seven environments that use the same level-layout across all playthroughs. Every playthrough involves tackling five of these areas in some player-driven order, which starts off with three choices that all lead to the final area of the game (which is always the same). Unlocking new swords can shape your paths through these levels, but only for small detours for loot. When you get all four swords, these environments offer nothing new for exploration.Speaking of unlocking new weapons, it won't take you that long to get your full arsenal maxed up. It took me under four hours without grinding (including the Gems), and afterwards you'll avoid finding chests because Gems/Resources are all randomly given to you, not in specific locations. Like the environments, progression reaches a point of becoming a blur.  Only the skill-tree will offer you something to look forward to get, but it requires grinding.Unfortunately, because of how the game is structured, you are expected to complete all 25 storylines with one character that carries over all your progression. There are no additional weapon types nor any difficulty modifiers to vary up either the gameplay or the difficulty. The result is that combat makes an otherwise novel approach to storytelling in games a chore to play.Ba-Ba-Ba-Ba-Ba-Bastion!Again, like with Moon Hunters, I find it hard to say a whole lot about the combat system because it's too simplified to stay interesting for what is a lengthy game (20+ hours). Unlike MH, STPD's combat is actually a good combat system.Fighting boils down to being able to use your sword, grapple-hook and magical attack. You have a total of four swords which can either give you back health, boost your attack speed or do frost or fire damage. The grappling hook can be used to pull enemies in close, stun them or yank shields away. The sword can also do a parry manuever like Metal Gear Rising where you press the attack button in the direction of an oncoming attack, and the button can also be used to grab and throw enemies. Lastly, you have a dash manuever that can stun enemies.Skill-points can be used that can provide additional benefits like being able to dash through shields or to do damage with counter-attacks or grabs. They offer enough of a visual change to your fighting that they are more than stat-changes, and with the excellent fighting animation they are a good incenitive to keep playing.However, and what is the main problem, I have essentially listed the entire combat system there. For whatever reason the developers did not use all the buttons on a standard controller (no shoulder buttons or the left trigger). Not that I ever felt inequipped as I felt too powerful from the beginning to the end, even when I died. Death may even benefit you as you return with 50% health and energy.It also doesn't help that for a simple fighting system there are only four mook varieties (one is only a stealthy enemy type) along with a super-form for them. Had the game kept adding additional enemy types like the first two runs, the replayabilty could have been tolerated with harder obstacles to make each playthrough more interesting.Instead of fleshing out the combat system, however, the rest of the game's attention was focused on the narrative. Something I think is moderately a success of an idea.A Tale of the Odds of Getting 6s 25 Times in a RowAs mentioned beforehand, this game's first impression is definitely one of Super Giant's style both of Bastion's art direction as well as narrator-voiced storytelling. I personally am happy to see other developers try their hands at the style, and STPD does the job adequately enough. If you can tolerate its sense of humor and expository writing.STPD, like with Larian Studios, shares the same tongue-in-cheek writing quality that does its job to entertain you as you play as well as disarm you when things become grave. The trope-heavy, ""so bad it's good"" comedy is definitely not everyone's taste. However, it's hard to remember most lines as they are forgettable but I rarely ever heard a repeated phrase except at specific sections of the level.The gist of STPD's storytelling idea is that you have to discover four hidden truths about related characters/items that will help Reynold figure out how he survives his adventure. Twenty-four out of the twenty-five stories are all ""fail states"", which isn't a spoiler as the trailer tells you this information.Thankfully, you are not required to unlock them all. As soon as you have unlocked all four truths, you can then access the ""Hero's Ending. It uses the information you learned to weave a story, pressumably of Reynold's invention, to make your own destiny. Had the game not explicty told you the solution the idea could've been something groundbreaking.What confuses me is that each time the narrator butts in there is an icon that shows something relevant to a past truth. The game doesn't let you piece together the connections yourself. Instead, the correct series of choices are forced upon you. (Sometimes a choice can even result in a game-over that forces you to replace the previous level.)I'm not sure why this was chosen but it ruins what could've been a reward to explore every scenario to solve the narrative like a puzzle from character studies and/or context clues. (Or at least more than four truths.)You can't even make the correct series of options without finding all four truths first, so the ""real ending"" feels like a gimmick of an idea than an acheivable goal.The Fault Lies Not in the Stars...But whoever gave Reynold the doomsday device.If that's too cryptic: I had fun in spite of the obvious flaws of its far-reaching goals (and I may have challenged the odds.)"
,Recommended,439190,22992090,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,ZippedBasilix442,"A classic hack and slash game with little difficulty (Until you uncover the final fight). No bosses, few puzzles, however many different paths. Whether you choose power over friendship, love over conquest, or simply being good or bad, the game offers a vast majority of endings. To be honest it isn't some crazy open world experience, and it actually has it's fair share of bugs. However, I believe that this game is definitely for someone who wants to take break from the normal CS:GO, TF2, DotA 2, or whatever else you play to a pulp, to immerse oneself into something... new. This game is highly recomended. Before I forget, this game is a nightmare to run in general. Which sucks because it's higher graphic qualities are actually amazing."
,Recommended,439190,32180345,Posted: 4 June,all,jakecore,"Best Indie game ive played. period.Watching the trailer, i got a bit of Zelda nostalgia. Actual gameplay and it is there a little, but not as much as the trailer led me on to. Either way, gameplay starts out a little slow as most RPG's do, but as you progress, more paths open up to you, and the experience gets better.Gameplay is simple, and thats not a flaw in this game. Slash this, hook that, dodge attacks, repeat.Replayability is what this game is based on. And they nail it.10/10"
,Recommended,439190,22396467,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Azralynn,"See written review belowor watch it here:https://youtu.be/P1_4EzUFHE8TL;DR: SKIP TO CONCLUSION!Stories: The Path of Destinies is essentially a choose your own adventure game, but with a heavy focus on the narrative story and fluid combat system. It was almost as if you were experiencing Groundhog Day until you get it right.Based on the choices you make, different stories take place. Most of the choices will inevitably lead to death in one way or another, but the narrative does a good job at making you think that this time, you might be on the right path to destiny. The stories you experience will give you clues or ‘truths’ that help you make the appropriate decisions to succeed.The narrative reminded me a little bit of Bastion, but I liked the narrative better in Path of Destinies than I did in Bastion. In Path of Destines, the narrator reacts to what you’re doing and makes snide remarks, references to other games, and other cheesy puns. I didn’t think they were spammy or overdone, and I found them humorous at times, and I got a kick out of some of the comments. However, some people might not enjoy the snide remarks or appreciate them.The combat reminded me of a super simple and dumbed down Batman Arkham style combat. Your successful attacks and counters add up on your combo streak, but there wasn’t any cool finishing moves to activate as combo steak gets higher. If you wanted to add some variation to the combat, you could also dash around, throw, and grapple hook enemies.There were 4 swords that could be crafted with unique activated abilities. Using the abilities costs energy, but I usually just saved my energy in case I needed to heal. These swords also unlock special doors for hidden chests that contain gems you can equip. As you defeat enemies, you also gain xp, and level up to unlock skill points. Between obtaining new skill points, and gems, the combat gets even easier. Still, I really enjoyed the combat, even though it wasn’t very difficult.Pros:music and sound effects were great and well suitedvery strong, and well done narrative persistent throughout the whole gamechoose your own adventure format results in multiple stories that can potentially take place based on the choices you makethe graphics were done very well in all parts of the world that you visityou're free to explore and find chests to craft and upgrade your weaponscombat was very fluid and fast paced, jumping back and forth from one enemy to anotheryou can skip some of the dialog (after making your decision, and at the end of each chapter)Cons:lacks control customization (the game is optimized for controllers)combat was very forgiving, almost too forgiving - you didn’t have to time your counters or attacks properly, and theywere all done with the same button pressthere was a lot of revisiting places you’ve already been to, and they were mostly the same with some very minor changes, if anyyou can't skip the dialog that starts off each chapter before you make your decision, and it gets very tedious and repetitive hearing what your choices are (again) when you try to go back to discover the stories you haven't completed yetAt first, I really liked the choose your own adventure format, but after discovering about 6 truths, and finishing the proper story line, I found it got much too repetitive. I really wanted to go back and play the rest of the story paths, but before you make each decision, you have to sit through the opening dialog, and you can’t skip it. I got really bored of listening to the same first few chapters, just to make a separate choice going into the later chapters. I would liked to have been able to just skip entire chapters that I already experienced all the decisions for, especially since I already beat the game.Conclusion:Each playthrough took 45-60 minutes, and I really did like the game a lot for the first 6-7 hours I played. I continued to play for a couple hours after that, and I probably would have kept playing to discover all the truths, but not being able to skip all the things I had already fully experienced was much too tedious to sit through over and over again. It was still a decent purchase though, and I don’t regret it.If you like my reviews, please feel free to join my Steam group, and follow my curationshere.You can also view this review on my websitehere."
76561198078638748,Not Recommended,439190,23860190,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,gregoriovasquez,"Call me a stickler, but this game lacked the punch to really make it something special. The combat is well done (though I'm certain a toddler could fair as well as I did), the levels are interesting, and I can't imagine how long it took to play test each different way though the game. That's where the positives end.No matter what you choose, the narration has a way of weaving in whatever details need to happen for you to fail, making early playthroughs an exercise in futility.You play the same 5 (or so) levels over and over again with different choices at the end until you discover the correct combination that gets you a happy ending (though it's success feels just as arbitrary as any other plausible path you could've taken). What this effectively means is that if you make a poor decision (or the narration throws in decisions you don't approve of) you have to spend an hour playing the same levels or again, just to pick a different option on some menu.After 4 or 5 playthroughs, the combat loses it's magic, you've memorized the levels, the enemies become meaningless, and I was left wondering why I had to navigate all these levels and sit through nearly an hour narration, just to pick a different fork in the road at some point.Worst of all, there is no reward for picking the correct path. No great and final boss fight, no extra difficult or intriguing extra level, nothing. Just different narration between the same levels.It's a fine game, built well, well executed, but it lacks that special pop it could've had to be something truly special. And after just a few hours, I'm left feeling like I've explored and learned everything there is for me to know in the game, only to be punished by sitting through more narration to satisfy my curiosity about the other paths.So, for what effectively amounts to just a few hours of content, even a sale price of $10 feels a little too high.PROS:VisualsCharactersStory detailCONS:Repeating levelsOverly-Simple CombatLengthNo back-tracking allowed, hour-long punishment to explore single fork on the road."
76561197994050696,Recommended,439190,32785768,Posted: 25 June,all,Corsac,"Completed the game in about 3-4 hours. For its length I would say I got my money's worth but nothing about the game stood out as exceptional to me.The game loops in a groundhog style manner every time you play through one of its branching paths, and once you hit the 4th or 5th iteration it gets really ♥♥♥♥ing annoying that you cannot skip the story introductions. So if you hate repetition, don't get this game.The combat is okay, but too easy for most of the game, and there is a real lack of enemies in large parts of the game. Espeically when you go back through the same levels again and again only to realize the spots with enemies never change.ProsOkay-ish story with derivative pathsCombat feels good and responsive.The Aesthetic is nice.ConsRidiculous game-breaking bugs happen occasionally:  floors that do not load, the game locking you in combat after all enemies are defeated. Your character becoming unable to move except for using dash. These are a few examples of bugs I experienced.Combat offers almost zero challenge.Frustrating to have to start completely over to experience all branching pathsVery few unique levels. You go the same places over and over for different story reasons, but its still the same levelsSo do I recommend this game?In spite of its flaws I got 4 hours entertainment from it, so I do recommend it. However, if any of the flaws I listed puts you off then you can rest easy and simply skip this game. There is nothing in the game which makes it a ""must play"" title."
76561197965238749,Recommended,439190,27005180,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bartles & Jaymes,"A charming and unique take on narrative-based gameplay in the traditional Action-RPG genre. The 'paths' the player takes are different stories based on the player's interaction with the game's main narrative, one that only exposes itself through multiple playthroughs as you discover 'truths' in the story."
76561197979692650,Recommended,439190,28954985,Posted: 2 January,all,FAILZORD,"I can see why this game won these awards now.Very well done for an indie game. The characters you get a feel for and the narrator is very funny. A lot of nerd jokes tossed in here, even bloody Star Craft famous qoute too! Even when just screwing around, the Narrator will make a comment or a joke.Took about 5.5 hours til I got the true ending. It has 24 endings, 1 true ending (aka 25 total), but you only need to do 4 of each ""secrets"" to unlock the path to the true ending, which the book will help you after you've learned the truths, will show you which one to choose next time around you go to take (for it won't show you if you haven't tried that path yet).Pros:-Great Characters (as you learn and feel for them).-Great Narrator (I don't want to ruin some of his jokes, they are well timed/placed).-Great story/idea (I'm not even a fan of steam punk stuff, but found this world & story acceptable, didn't even notice it much).-Multiple paths/story choices to make, leading to different story endings. Be a hero, a good friend?, champion at heart?, love to watch the world burn?, want unlimited power?, your choices.-You cannot run off ledges (for when you have speed upgrade, you do run past stuff at times, I would have died so many times if not for those invisible walls), but you can still throw your enemies off them.-Saves from last loot gathered incase of crash, but still have to redo level.-For deaths, you respawn right before the fight area.-The multiple play throughs now lets you remember, right, bad guys spawn here.-The other swords can unlock faster paths through certain chapter's replay runs, making them not as annoying when looking for the other truths.- You like anthromorphic characters.Cons:-During fightings when clicking so much you can go after the wrong enemy which may result in your death.-The replaying of certain chapter levels so many times to unlock all the truths (if you want to unlock all 24 false endings).-After the 4th run through, now you're probably just wanting the true ending already, but have to ensure you unlock the other secret before the true ending path opens, instead of getting one of the already unlocked truths again.- You don't like anthromorphic characters.Neutral:Ground disappearing glitch (just restart the game, sadly you have to play from the begining of the chapter level again. But will say, I noticed the game is a bit chugging when I started it again, so that should have been the hint to just restart it then, for it shouldn't be chugging when starting).Overall, a enjoyable game defiantly worth it's money and an ending that doesn't bring you MassEffect 3 flash backs (you know what I mean). Better then EA (SimCity 2013 never forget) and some of the new high end games productions with all their bugs, disappointments and DLC/season pass crap which demand like $70+ for a game that you can beat in the same time or less as this game for under $20. Like seriously, you can buy a pizza with that extra cash you just saved. And we all know how much everyone loves pizza. Or other games you could buy too, there's that option as well....If this game is on sale, defiantly pick it up (for those struggling on cash). For it will be like under $10. This game will give you the same satifaction like eating nice full meal for that $8 sandwich or what ever you enjoy eating for under $10 for lunch. I don't know what floats your tastebud boat, do I look like you parent? No? Stop bothering me, I won't tie your shoe!"
,Recommended,439190,27687462,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Pelican,"Stories: The Path of Destinies is a worthy game unfortunately marred by a title that, while suitable once the branching storyline mechanics manifest, sounds unimaginative and forgetable.You play as Reynardo, a snarky fox rogue and master of sword-fu with competent, 3D, beat-'em-up gameplay.  I was still hearing new quips from him and the narrator fifteen hours into the game with a decent variety of pop cultural references thrown in.  There are five chapters to play, which means you can get through one run or even more in a single sitting.  Victory in combat will earn you experience to unlock perks, Reynardo remembering his old techniques, and further advancement will offer more enemy types and a larger number of enemies.  I played with a controller, and I recommend that.  More of the story and setting, which involves a rebellion and dark magic overtaking a world of floating islands, airships, and dead gods, is revealed across mutliple playthroughs blended about evenly between showing and telling.  Should your first story end tragically, and there are many intriguing and horrifying ways it can, then you find a way back to the start.  You and your narrator remember an important lesson, and piecing together all these important truths can complete your story.The levels are pretty and varied and will be mixed differently depending on which storyline you're on, but with just five chapters and two or three options per chapter the number is limited.  If you experience all branches of the main story, it will be because of the strong narrative and in spite of the repetitive combat mechanics and levels.The game is very fairly priced for its length and quality.  As such, Stories: The Path of Destinies earns a strong recommendation.  This was my 2016 ""I'm not crying, there's something in my eye"" Steam award nomination, which prompted this review.  Achievement completionists will probably find ""Sword Fu Master,"" unlocking all the perks, to be the final achievement, as after completing every branching storyline and reaching the good ending it still took about ten playthroughs to reach maximum level."
,Recommended,439190,22578508,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Hobbes,"In the land of Sky Pirates, a cunning fox will fail many times, but perhaps through failure he might succeed?Enter Reynardo, wannabe hero, witty fox, and cunning duellist, with fashionable taste and colourful swords, he dashes and zips about the battlefield with grace and agility, he cleaves the foes with might and skill and then...... he dies. Usually in many hilarious and unintended ways. Welcome to the book of Destinies. Where most of the time regardless of the route you take, things are going to end badly for you and your dear foxy hero. However, with each failure, you will learn, and the book of Destinies will rewind the timeline, allowing Reynardo to keep the knowledge he gains, precious as it is, to carry forth into the next attempt. Knowledge and hindsight are powerful things, and this book teaches that if you have the gift of hindsight, *use it*.A slightly different take on the Arkham system, combined with a -really- strong narrative thread makes for a spellbinding experience.The game can be broken down into two beats. Narrative choices, where you'll uncover choices, all of which are mutually exclusive, so by travelling down one path, you'll close off another, and eventually lead you towards a specific destiny. The other part of the game is exploration of the map and combat, which is in part isometric exploration and part Arkham system combat, with a few twists. You have use of various elements like a dash that makes you all but ethereal in nature, allowing you to blink from place to place, and a grappling hook which you can use to pull shields away from particularly difficult ravens.On top of this you have gems that you can socket which can heavily influence your playstyle, the socket system is fairly simple, but the choices are meaningful, in the same sense as the sword system which has a simple two level upgrade system for each sword, but each sword is meaningful too, serving both as a vital part of the combat arsenal AND as a key to unlock new areas to explore and uncover more loot.A complex tale of cats, foxes, rabits and frogs...The story is masterful in its' delivery, rewriting itself as you complete each playthrough. As you learn more with each decision you make, the narrator, who is a masterful voice actor, will change the lines he reads, providing new insight and new information based on what Reynardo finds out. This in turn will shape future playthroughs, always ensuring that you're looking to see where the next ending might take you, and keeps the game feeling fresh and interesting. It's a very curious change from a lot of games where you tend to fall down pre-determined routes. Here you're exploring lots of different routes, and eventually through gradual discovery, you'll find the correct one.Special credit goes to the voice of the Narrator and the music, both of which deliver brilliant performances and I would -highly- recommend you take the time to listen to the music in game. It's well worth stopping for a moment to take in the atmosphere.Closing thoughts...Spearhead Games have delivered an absolutely excellent piece of narrative, and one that for all the complexities, lends itself well to the repeated, short, looping playthroughs that it offers, with each playthrough you learn more, and gain new information, with each loop, new elements come clear. Eventually, the path of Destinies will show Reynardo the way to victory...... or at least you'll have a lot of fun dying!Verdict :Essential"
,Recommended,439190,24286951,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,AuspexAO,"A modern choose your own adventure book. I would readily recommend this to anyone who enjoys fairy tales and fables or who loves the idea of choosing different paths to see new outcomes. Some paths are heroic and satisfying while others are tragic (a few of these can even be hilarious, if you have a dark sense of humor). The combat based gameplay is fun, but nothing deep or really that special. I would recommend coming into Stories understanding that the narrative is the meat and the combat is the means to an end. I would certainly love to play a sequel as the fantastic ending sent my heart back to the days before I needed dark low fantasy in my life and could subsist purely on ""happily ever after"".Also, the music is great. There are a few tracks that really remind me of the score of Conan the Barbarian, a personal favorite. The lighter tracks, mostly."
,Recommended,439190,28589589,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Nab,"Remember those old interactive story Books, where you turn to page X for one choice and page Y for the other path? You played them for the different endings and suffered through the combat (or just skipped combat entirely). Stories does pretty much the same. You pick your story and probably fail epicly on the first try. But next time you know what to do, right? The game plays on that 'I know i shouldnt know this because ist hasnt happended yet' mechanic beautifully.There are some drawbacks to the game as well. Combat is not meant to distract from the storytelling so it is kept pretty simple. This isn't God of War. This isn't even Batman. This isn't even Zelda. But the combat serves its purpose - you get stronger enemies, while you get stronger and it gives youa sense of progression even while you are looking of the right choices in the meta-game"
,Recommended,439190,28642241,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Oats,"This was a great way to spend christmas day.I was honestly expecting to be disapointed, but I'm couple hours in and, well, I like what I see.My PC isn't the greatest so I'll give it a pass on the sometimes-choppy frame-rate and long load times. I've experienced a few audio glitches, but nothing pausing and resuming didn't fix.Other than that, it's a fairly enjoyable experience. The combat is fun and challenging (to me at least), the graphic style ain't half bad and the soundtrack and voices are pretty good as small titles go. Love the narrator. Characters are good too. (And the game only fills a Gb or two, which is convenient.)Some people have been saying the combat is repetitive and gets stale, but I've yet to get bored. I've never played a game with a combat system like this (I know, I'm uncultured), but it really is something. There is no better feeling than getting a bunch of parrys in a quick succession.I would go into the storyline, but I don't know too much right now and I don't want to spoil anything.This game probably isn't everyones cup of tea, so buy it on-sale if you're not sure. Then (if you don't like it) you can blame steam, instead of your loose wallet."
76561198053098849,Recommended,439190,22932257,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Ardenack,"This was a very well done game. The choices you make impact the game directly, which makes it very interesting to play out and see what happens next. I urge you, if you are going to play this game don't look up how the story works. The gameplay itself is decent but fairly easy to breeze through once you learn it. The storyline is what makes the game entertaining."
,Recommended,439190,32807624,Posted: 26 June,all,Ishvii,"Source Code meets Zelda. This ARPG offers you 4 points throughout a short story where your decisions will change the outcome of a war. Who you betray or rescue & which artifacts you pursue affect whether you find love, kill the emperor or destroy the world, then you replay it and make difference choices. Combat is excellent - akin to the Batman series, but with magic swords, hookshots and dashing."
,Recommended,439190,22472994,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,SultrySteve,"Cool, story driven game with an interesting twist. Gameplay flows nicely and complements the narrative. Definitely recommend for someone looking for a short narative game that still retains a good fighting mechanic."
,Recommended,439190,33762117,Posted: 24 July,all,SotiCoto,"Good enough game for a short game.Upsides:~  Humour holds it together. It manages to be mostly funny, sometimes even when it is sorta serious.~  Anti-Hero done right. Closer to classic style, without that 90s brooding nonsense.~  Female lead is good too, for that matter. Strong character. Not some do-nothing damsel type.~  Good narration. Most of it is narration, in fact.~  Vibrant, appealing art-style.~  Gameplay is fun... if a bit spartan.~  Most of the achievements (35 out of 37, if I remember) are really easy to get.Downsides:~  Very short if you're trying for the true end.~  No boss fights. While the game does gradually introduce new minion types over the first few playthroughs, it is very limited, and that is all you fight for the entire game. No character battles. No bosses. The only thing that changes in the combat after that is the protagonist.~  Two of the achievements are massively grindy... i.e. the one for getting ALL the story routes, and the one for maxing out the skill-tree.~  Starts to get repetitive after the 2nd or 3rd story-route. Most of the routes have almost exactly the same gameplay through the same maps with only minor differences. If you're grinding for the two aforementioned achievements, expect to be driven to catatonic boredom by the repetition after a while. Unskippable choice page nonsense doesn't help.~  The crafting system is also kinda threadbare. Given how long grinding out all the stories takes, the fact that you don't need to open any more chests past the 4th or 5th route kinda stands out.~  While I can appreciate the massive amount of pop-culture references, a lot of them are REALLY shoehorned in and just make it look like the creators were trying too hard to be hip with the geek crowd. The game tends to be more fun when it isn't just regurgitating references to things.~  Bugs. Glitches. To note a few...~~~ Some cutscenes aren't skippable when they apparently should be, sometimes you get stuck in the landscape.~~~ The Void Blade can mess up your speed (in either direction) depending on when you press / release the button. Use sparingly.~~~ It is entirely possible to get stuck in the scenery if you're not careful.~~~ The ""True Ending"" route is very buggy, including one section of one stage which completely fails to render... and the route being aborted to a different route if you quit to the main menu at the wrong time (or even if you pick the wrong option in one case).In any case, I complain a lot, sure... but it was fun.  Kept me occupied for 2 days while I got all the cheevos."
,Recommended,439190,32832673,Posted: 26 June,all,Ender,"Highly recommend.  In a similar vein as Bastion and Transistor, but with a unique fantasy, choose-your-own adventure take on it.  Just as with the old books, you would get to an ending where you died and start over again making different choices, you do the same in Stories, except leveling up as you go and have terrific aesthetics and competent aRPG fighting to go with it.For the Steam sale, it's a steal - for regular price it's well worth the money."
,Not Recommended,439190,24134345,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Wisbi,"I really REALLY wanted to like this game. And honestly, I DO. But can I ""recommend"" it? No, not at all.Now you may ask why? Well here is where the fun starts... Or stops I guess I should say.First, let me start off by saying the story itself is great, the idea and concept, the characters, narrator, ect ect. It's all great. And it saddens me the only way to really experience it is through the interactive medium of video games. Because THIS is where Stories comes SOOOO close and falls just short.If I were to sum up the entire game in one word, it would be ""C-L-U-N-K-Y"". Seriously, it is SO clunky. I could sit here and tell you about how the levels and combat is repetitive (which they are after the third or fourth, hour long play through) but I think what really kills this title is just how non consistant the gameplay is. To those of you who've played Assassin's Creed or the Arkham games, you'll be familier with the combat, enemies circle you and have big obvious tells for attacks, and you must dash, block, parry, counter, ect your way through every fight, which is fine... If the controls worked more than half the time.I can't count how many deaths I've had due to pressing dash and my character on screen simply dashing to nowhere and standing in the exact spot he was already in, or clicking on enemies to block and just sitting there unresponsive, or even attempting to ATTACK them instead and being hit first instead of blocking, because oh yeah, ALL your combat options are done through ONE button, making combat entirely context sensitive. Which means the game sometimes has no idea what you actually want to do when you press this singular button.Movement is governed by your 2nd mouse button and suffers a similar fate. If your curser is JUST over the invisible walls that line EVERY path, the game has no idea where you want to go and you'll just run in seemingly random directions or just stop dead in his tracks until you correct it. (Oh yeah, sometimes the movement sticks OR the floor randomly turns into an ice level and I don't know why and you can't stop until you hit a wall.)Speaking of walls, this is a game with no jump or otherwise, acknowledgement of a 3rd dimension, still HAS one. Meaning if you're not careful, you can fall off your horizontal layer and get stuck under the floor. (It would have been better to just make the game borderless and the fall killed you rather then keeping you stuck in 3D purgatory IMO.)And speaking of design, I have no idea what they were doing with the optimization. Don't let the late PS2-esque graphics fool you, anything above 'VERY LOW' in the settings will probably make your computer feel like a toaster. It did for me.Okay, enough bashing the game for now... SO WHAT GOOD CAN YOU SAY ABOUT THIS GAME??? you might ask.Well, apart from the chug-enducing graphics, they are quite appealing to look at. The art-design and overall aesthetic is beautiful, I'd say the game itself is well-written enough, there's a response to pretty much EVERYTHING you do from the narrator, which is fun. It's short but replayable with interesting characters, it's funny and good-humored. Overall, I'd say this game is quite charming and actually pretty fun when it works. Just a shame about there being so much wrong with the 'game' portion of it...Vinal verdict?6ish out of 10?Not worth 15 dollars. You might, atmost, get 10 hours out of it. If you can get it on sell for 5 or less though, go for it, it's a fun time waster on a dry weekend and it's worth it for the laughs alone."
,Recommended,439190,22386544,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Zest,"I don't usually review games but I felt driven to after experiencing this one.The story pulled me in right away. I love the way the game progresses, learning from your mistakes after another, learning about the lore of the world and the characters around you,  until you finally find the one path that'll get you your happy ending - which took me about five and a half hours to get to, still, many story branches (you can maybe think of them as timelines) left unplayedThe humor was refreshing, the narrator was really really good, and the overall world was just neat. I'd love to see a sequel/prequel or just another game that takes place in this world perhaps.The bad: I have only mild complaints. I had a singular isolated incident in which my character got stuck and I had to return to the main menu and then continue back from the last checkpoint. I lost about 3 minutes of time perhaps. I wouldn't mind having some more enemy variety. Other than that, I'm suspicious that some steam achievements might not have popped that should have. (I looked through the achievements after completing the main ending and it seemed like I should've met some of the requirements for achievements I never got)Ive seen other reviews say that the game is badly optimized and runs poorly or takes long to load. My experience wasn't bad at all. I ran it on the highest settings as well. I do have a pretty solid computer though, my specs inculde an SSD, an i7 and a GTX 770. No graphical issues at all. It does take a moment to load when going between scenes, but never longer than 5-10 seconds. I read a review that said they gave up on the game because the loading the game for the first time took too long. All I can say in response is that they're cheating themselves out of a very fun and fulfilling game."
,Recommended,439190,25406926,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Tekh,"Stories is an interesting sort of game. If you haven't watched the trailers, go ahead and do so. It's not exactly a secret that the main gimmick of the story is that your protagonist is capable of starting the story over from the very beginning, with the knowledge and skills he acquired from the previous run, with the goal of finding the ideal ending. The setting is a bright and colorful high fantasy world populated by floating islands, with a variety of animal people inhabiting them. The Emperor has become cruel and violent, and a secret Rebellion has risen to hopefully overthrow him. You know this sort of trapping, it's really just there to facilitate the nature of the plot and how things can change depending on your actions.If my description of how the story works, with the hero being aware of how his previous adventures ended, reminded you of the likes of 999 and Virtue's Last Reward, then you're really not that far off as to how the main gimmick goes. You make a choice when the paths branch, make another when they branch again, so on and so forth, and at some point the story ends, showing you pieces of the whole truth. Your ending path and the choices you made get marked down for you to review, and you're kicked back to the start to do it all over, using your knowledge of what went wrong to try and do better. There are many, many possible endings, which means completing many playthroughs, which for me, averaged out to maybe an hour each. Not a bad thing by itself.What does make the repetition a little boring, however, is the gameplay. Not to say it's bad, it just...reaches a peak and stops. Combat is essentially a zoomed out Arkham clone, meaning single button attacks, counters, and a couple utility options to put things in your favor. The difficulty climbs naturally as you play, rather than being tied to what path you're on. New enemies get introduced and then they're there in every path you play. My complaint with this is that there's just too much story with too little gameplay to balance it out. It feels like they could've just gone the visual novel route, which I'm thinking might not have been a bad thing, honestly, because more than likely you'll keep coming back to it just to fill out your story completion, with the combat being a speed bump more than anything else.To the game's credit, there is a leveling system as well as a crafting and gem system for mild customization. Leveling gives you the standard suite of skills and abilities, increasing your combat potential, doing more damage, being able to take more, getting new skills, and so on and so forth. One small issue I have with this is that there's a branch of skills dedicated to time slowing down in combat so you can plan out your next move, which honestly, I find completely at odds with the combat system they chose. Slowing down the action doesn't quite gel well, especially if you're taking Arkham's combat almost word for word, right down to the ""attack once the previous attack hits"" critical strike system.The sword crafting exists because the game's several levels have paths blocked by doors which only certain swords can open. To make swords, you need the appropriate elemental essence, and several handfuls of ore, both of which you get from the myriad chests lying around. Each sword has an effect you trigger, spending energy to give yourself an edge in combat, or just heal. It's simple enough and works fine, though there is a problem with it that ties into the gem system. Gems are passive effects you slot in, three at at a time, and they come from the big chests, which you typically find by opening sword doors. Get a copy of one you already have, the gem levels up, increasing its effects appropriately. Again, simple enough. The aforementioned problem is that you're going to top off your swords and gems and not even have six story paths completed, out of the twenty something there are, tying back into the ""too little gameplay"" problem.While there are problems with the game, I am not saying it is bad. I find the story genuinely interesting, the characters are charming, due in no small part to the narrator who's doing his best to Stephen Fry this fantasy Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy. The combat is fun enough to zone out in, though as I said, it does get dull and isn't really the focus anyway. I honestly believe that these problems are ones that could be improved on, if not outright fixed, if the developers were to make a sequel with their shortcomings in mind. Not necessarily a direct sequel, just something very much like this.If you can get it on sale, by all means, but I definitely think it's worth at least $15, and I would certainly be interested in anything further they made."
,Recommended,439190,29363112,Posted: 19 January,all,thainen,"This is an interesting example of a game made with very limited resources, and still, through clever management of them, give the player a reason to play it over and over again, not running out of things to discover.At its core, it's a pretty action-RPG with cartoonish graphics, vivid colors and a narrator commenting your action, kind of a poor person's Bastion. The content is very limited: there are 10 levels (you visit half of them in every playthrough), 5 types of enemies to fight (no bosses!), 3 types of traps to avoid. Upgrades include 4 swords, each with one magic spell attached to it (and one type of door it could open), 7 gems and lots of skills most of which give you just a numerical bonus: more damage, more health, more dashes. You can unlock every enemy, sword and gem in 3 hours of gameplay, after which every battle becomes the same (and almost impossible to lose). You can beat the whole game in 6 hours. So why did I spend 20 hours with it?I'm a sucker for storytelling and stories about storytelling. And I loved how this game's plot was crafted. It starts by giving you a premise: there's a mad emperor, trying to summon the evil gods, a rebellion, and you - a fox swashbuckler who's going to stop him. There's also an unreliable friend, a beloved adversary, and two forbidden weapons. So what are you going to do with them, how do you win the war?You can try every possible combination of these plot elements. Each playthrough takes about 45 minutes, which makes the game good for short-session playing, and you always find yourself at the square one. Capture one, both or none of the artifacts. Try to kill the girl or to win her heart. Trust your friend or send him away. It always goes horribly wrong. There are 24 endings, each one a different kind of failure: sometimes you are just killed, sometimes you win, but at a price too terrible, sometimes the emperor dies, only for someone else to finish his work - sometimes it's you who takes his place. You try new and new ways until you find the four Truths and combine them to finally realize how to play your cards right and find the true ending where the ones you care for stay alivem and the world is not destroyed.The game also has tons of narrator speech. Each story has its own narration, and there are a lot of casual commentaries for battles, doors, chests, platforms and like. Even as you have completed it over 20 times, you'll sometimes hear some new pun as you open a chest or board a moving platform, giving you the feeling of something new and fresh.So, even though the gameplay is nothing to write home about, I recommend this game to everyone who loves storytelling: this storry, with all of its branching paths, is worth hearing."
76561198347745526,Recommended,439190,32823218,Posted: 26 June,all,Jamp,"Stories: The Path of Destinies is a good game, although it has many things that needed to be polished it at least kept me interested long enough.When I started playing this game I delved into a great world. The combat was nice and simple yet filled with enough action to keep me interested and I was accompanied by a sly narrator along the travels of Reynardo, the main character. Each decision I had made along the way was hard and it made me just sit back and think about it for at least 2 minutes before I had come to some conclusions.However, as I played along the game there were flaws that revealed themselves which sort of ruined the experience. I came across frequent bugs like invisible terrain which, after I had searched it up, was apparantly not an uncommon problem among people among other bugs which showed that the game itself was not polished. The game saw you collecting items and whatnot which was to be expected but they very quickly became useless after easily getting all items. The game became repetitive quicker than I thought it would and having to repeat the story over and over, it annoyed me when I found I couldn't skip cutscenes which I noticed played through at an obscenely slow rate after a while.Overall, the game fills you with fun from the beginning as you're accompanied by continuous jokes keeping you entertained as you play through. However, there are a lot of bugs and flaws which may leave you unsatisfied. If you're able to tolerate the problems and are okay with being a little repetitive then it should be okay. This game is far from perfect but finding out all the storylines kept me hooked even when times were tough. Even though I recommend this game, I think its purchase needs to be thought through more thoroughly than when buying other games as its pros and cons almost come to an equilibrium based upon what type of player you are."
,Recommended,439190,26451591,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Redhotviking,An Action RPG with a ton of bad endings and one true ending. The goal of the game is actually to die and die some more. You are suppose to find the various bad endings getting clues to the true ending and once you have the clues you can attempt to get the good/true ending. It is filled with great jokes and it is funny exploring the many and i do mean many endings.I recommend it to all that enjoy Action RPG's and Multiple endings from choices.
,Recommended,439190,29914402,Posted: 13 February,all,Epic Container,"Having just 100% this, I think I can finally write a review...Overall, I think this is a wonderful game.+ The visuals are beautiful.+ The storytelling is excellent.+ The characters are fun.+ And the narrator is awesome.Now, that being said, I think there are some bugs/glitches and other things that make a playthrough a little annoying.+ The dash seems to get stuck on some terrain that just makes you dash in place and use up a stamina bar+ After a certain amount of playtime the Nexus (Chapter 3) will have a section where the platforms are invisible.+ And one other glitch I had was went I was using the hookshot on the Fleet level (Chapter 5) and it bugged out and wouldn't let me move so I had to restart the level.+ But my biggest complaint came from having to play the game 25 times and not being able to skip all the cutscenes. You can skip up until the narrator has to explain the choices, and by the 5th time, you have an idea what the choices are. So its annoying to have to sit through a bunch of dialogue (good as it may be) that you've heard before.Final rating - 8.5/10I got all but 2 achievements within 5 hours of playtime. The last two are a bit of a grind, but was fun to do for the most part."
76561198149682124,Recommended,439190,22491972,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,crackerjackswordplay,"An enjoyable little experience from beginning, to end, and end, and end, and end, and end, and end, and end, etc.Well worth the price of admission, a fun little action RPG with more choice and consequence than Fallout 4.  What more could you really ask for?"
,Recommended,439190,32656269,Posted: 22 June,all,Bilbo Swaggins,It's super charming and the gameplay is fun enough to get you through the really entertaining multiple endings. The narrator is very charasmatic as well and it's a great ride. Wish it was more well known.
76561198155341926,Recommended,439190,32346101,Posted: 11 June,all,GoodSirBeard,"A wonderful indepedent game that I've been enjoying playing with my daughter. Great art style, lovely score, sometimes witty narration and thoroughly enjoyable combat. Sure it's not a Platinum Games effort (I'm looking at you Nier with your 26 endings and marvellous combat...), but it has loads to recommend it. Look forward to playing through more of the endings."
76561198031273221,Recommended,439190,29714658,Posted: 5 February,all,Sheepscuit,"This game pleasantly surprised me. I'd wishlisted it a long time ago but when I finally acquired it I didn't expect such an engaging game.Each chapter of the story presents itself with a cute design, decent combat and a story where your choices actually matter. Too many games I've played where the choices all lead to the same ending anyway, but not this one.My first few playthroughs (with each one being a handy 30 min play-session length) surprised me when I was betrayed by a rabbit or destroyed the universe with an orb, but eventually I found the ""correct"" path and after crafting each weapon and unlocking the 4 truths, I feel that is a good place to end the game. However if one is a completionist then finishing all the story paths (24 I believe) is certainly possible.Overall - a nice simple enough RPG where choices matter, cute characters and design, decent combat and story. Definitely worth a bunch of hours."
,Recommended,439190,24601581,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Freelancer,"http://fg-2.com/2016/07/29/review-stories-the-path-of-destinies/Once a steam sale I always find some kind of game that surprises me. A few sales ago it was Dust An Elysian Tail, last winter (2015) it was Rebel Galaxy; this summer (2016) it was Stories The Path of Destinies. Stories is essentially a Hack and Slash combo RPG but what it really prides itself on is its 24 different choice paths that ultimately take the character to different outcomes.Stories has a fun combat mechanic that relies not only on combos but also accurate timing and dodging. As you progress through the game you’ll get new abilities and powers that will change the combat up such as quick dash, counter + time freeze, sword powers and much more. On top of that each map has different paths you can take based on the progress of your character and what swords you have unlocked allowing for new powers and loot. Now unfortunately the game, due to the way the story repeats, only has about 6 levels that are the same each time just with different paths. Now it didn’t feel bland after I repeated the game about 8 times before finishing however you could start to feel a sort of repetitive nature of everything even with new powers. The enjoyable combat however far outweighs the repeated nature of the game. Each combat happens in a sort of arena environment where different enemies spawn in and you get more XP for your combo streak and style of killing enemies much like a Devil May Cry style of play. Now the difficulty of said encounters is very moderate and doesn’t take much effort to figure out what you need to do to survive these encounters especially as your skill tree gets filled up.As I mentioned the true nature of this game is in the different paths that the main character, Reynardo, follows that eventually gets him killed each time. Reynardo is a sort of scoundrel that has been thrown into a conflict where he is trying to stop the mad emperor and help the rebellion. Originally Reynardo is given a book that lets him relive past stories after each time he is killed in various ways. This allows him to learn from his deaths and try to piece together a path that he lives in and stops the emperor. Each path had a unique story and dialogue that made sitting and playing them repeatedly kind of fun and enjoyable. It was just enough to keep wanting to find out all the different outcomes that could happen to Reynardo and his companions.Stories has a very colorful cel shaded style of art and that is very well done. It is obviously not the most graphically detailed game but it is very well done for the art style they were going with. Spearhead Games (the dev) were obviously going with a child’s book style of art while still having a dark side to it all. The art design is obviously has anthropomorphic creatures which may turn off some people but I can assure you that it is hardly noticeable and it is enough to make the game feel different.Stories also boasts a very enjoyable soundtrack and narrator. The music (although gets repeated on each level) is catchy and fits the theme of the level you are currently on. I especially found myself singing along each time I was on the last level, was kind of catchy. Along with that the game features what you could call a Bastion style of narration where the narrator not only voiced the characters in dialogue but also narrated what you did while you were controlling Reynardo. All during my 8 or so hours of play I didn’t notice too many repeated lines so they definitely had a lot of dialogue created for this game.Overall this game is a lot of fun and a huge surprise that I was able to find during the sale and I recommend it for anyone that might enjoy a hack and slash with alternate choices and funny dialogue. There are obviously some problems with this game including some display settings like no borderless windowed mode and a sort of repetitive nature of the different paths to get to the final one. However it was a very enjoyable game especially for the price of $15.Story – 9Gameplay – 7Graphics – 7Sound – 9Fun – 8Replay Value - 7"
76561198067245797,Recommended,439190,22947000,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,archer04ox85,"Here's the video review:https://youtu.be/hJEVgP1poc0Actual review thought summary:PROS:- Interesting characters.- Tons of replay value.- Gameplay is FUN.- Unlocking Truths feels rewarding and keeps you interested- Music is a great fit for the combat and environment.- Beautiful landscapes- New experience every path you takeCONS:- No boss fights.- After you unlock the true ending, not much replay value.- Not many interesting abilities to unlock.- Not much end game content.- Voice acting gets old quick.- Lots of paths have the same ending.IS IT WORTH IT?Yep! You'll enjoy yourself and want more content! Gets a HAMBURGER+ in my book!"
,Not Recommended,439190,22561702,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Lictor,"It is with trepidation I give this game a thumb's down.  If Steam allowed for a ""meh"" rating, this sits solidly in that territory.The art style is amazing, the writing and the narration voice acting is great, and the overall concept is innovative.  I've only run into one consistent bug during my playthroughs but it's not game breaking.It plays like a zero calorie version of Bastion, but where things fall flat lies in the actual execution of the game itself.The whole premise of the game is ""keep trying and dying through multiple runs until you get a good ending."" There's twenty-something possible combinations of endings and while you can finally get a good ending after about five hours of play, things get a bit dull after the third hour or so because you keep playing through the same six boards fighting the same seven enemy types over and over and over and over and--You get the point.Upgrading your swords to unlock different gates on the boards only open up minor side branches that lead to chests for more loot drops so you can upgrade your swords further and get minor stat buffs.  If these blocked off portions actually led to different branches of the plot, it would spice things up and help with replayability.tl;dr  If you consider $15 a fair price to pay for about three hours of solid entertainment and another two or more hours of repetitive drudgery, go ahead and purchase."
76561198009641490,Recommended,439190,28720942,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,petrivanzyl,"Cool game, but a little short. But worth the money while on special."
,Recommended,439190,29733972,Posted: 5 February,all,Acceleron,"Stories: The Path of Destinies is a game I stumbled upon in my suggested game feed. It is definitely an obscure title I never heard of and I am happy I bought it. I have a soft spot for hack and slash games this one definitely fit the bill, and the story telling by the narrator throughout the game did increase the enjoyment of playing it. It took me about 23 hours of play to pretty much get every ending and unlock every achievement.There are other reviews out there that explain the same pros and cons that I would list so I will omit my list. If there is advice I could give about this game it is wait for a sale on it. $14.99 isnt bad, but since the game has about 24 hours of play to unlock everything, it does seem a little high, probably best to wait for a sale unless you don't have anything to play at the moment.If there is anything I would like from this developer in the future it is a sequel. Hopefully with most of the existing issues taken care of, procedural level generation as described in the developers notes to take care of any stale feelings, and the addition of boss fights all of which would make the sequel a very attractive buy."
,Not Recommended,439190,35413526,Posted: 2 October,all,Techbane,"The clouds parted over the Isles of Boreas. It was time to choose. The Rebellion was in--OH PUT A SOCK IN IT, ALREADYThere are parts of this I like, and I'll start with those. Foremost, the characters and art direction. The impressive spread of outcomes from the branching narrative, always strung along by the lone narrator. Combat reminiscent of the Arkham games. There is a general competency and enjoyability to the game, and I can't bring myself to completely hate it.That being said, it has problems. Mostly falling into two categories.Repetition: How many times have I been forced to sit through that opening paragraph? Why am I crafting new swords to unlock doors that only lead me to loot to craft more swords when I'm only ever going to use the starter sword in combat? Why have I completely exhausted the loot pool by my fourth trip through the story when there are something like 26 paths to explore? Why are there 26 paths to explore when you only get to go through the same 7 or so stages over and over and over? Why does the narrative take a completely asinine and illogical detour in the true path,just to make sure I'm funneled through those exact same stages one last time?Poor QA: Isn't very well optimized. Next to no graphics settings. Bloated loading times. And the one that ultimately pushed me from a thumbs up to a thumbs down,buggy as an anthill.Not because a common bug in combat prevents you from attacking until you spam dash. Not because I fell through the world a few times. Not because there's a section of one stage where nine times out of tenthe terrain won't loadand you have to navigate some invisible walls to progress. It was because, in the final level, there is a particularly well hidden secret area that is apparentlysowell hidden that the devs forgot it existed. It obviously hasn't been properly tested, as not only is it hilariously buggy but it willsoftlock the game simply by entering itand force you to quit out and restart. These are the sorts of things that should be in a day 1 patch, not still in the game years after the fact.In brief, I liked the story until everything started repeating, I liked the combat until everything started repeating, and I liked the game until it became literally unplayable. It's an interesting experiment that isn't a disaster, but certainly also could've done better for itself."
,Recommended,439190,22877606,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Auliyaa,"A really cool game overall. The short campaign stays acceptable, given the price tag.Pros:- Cool concept: The game's core idea of multiple choices is really well executed. You always want to see what your next run will unveil and this feeling never grow old until you complete the story.- Really cool aesthetics, with a very nice touch regarding the art style.- Cool narrative: this aspect never falls short as you unveil the various parts of the story.- Pretty good fights, well if you are not fed up with Arkham-style combats already.Cons:- Still buggy: I ran into some issues where mobs where stuck up in the floor, forcing me to reload the game.- Bad optimization: Load times take ages, and the game suffers from frequent FPS drops, even on a higher-end configuration.- Low replayability: Going through all possible (bad) endings after you complete the story feels a bit hollow. This could be improved by adding more than one possible good ending to the game."
76561198025108206,Recommended,439190,23117794,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,m34ch,"The art is beautiful, the gameplay is pretty good, but let's be honest- the story is why this game is so cool.  I ""beat"" the game on my 6th or 7th run, and will definitely keep playing to unlock all the endings.  Love the narrator- he really delivers.  The game does get slightly repetitive eventually, and once all the swords are maxed out, there's not much point for going down the various side paths.  Still, overall, I loved this game."
76561198226674680,Recommended,439190,23090565,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,axsys31,"Stories give you the ability to create a fantasy comic from your choices. Where the game shines is in the story telling hence the name of the game. With the various upgrades and abilities, the combat can become very addictive as the leveling system rewards players on their combat creativity. Simlilar to DMC the button presses and fluidity are spot on! whatever you can envision yourself doing will be done. All in all the games give you a decent pace and the intertaglement of the characters will keep you guessing what to do next, with wanting to explore all the variants possible. So if you like action games with a bit of rpg enhancement elements this game is perfect for you."
76561198072861180,Recommended,439190,29427976,Posted: 22 January,all,NineLord,"* if you watch Re:Zero, it's pretty much the same idea.Feature:* Story driven* Hack and slash gameplay.Pros:* Graphics looks amazing with unreal engine 4.* Sound: well made. Allthough there is no big music that plays which will make you want a soundtrack of this game.* Voice actor: 10/10. The game has a story teller which will go with you the whole game, and you will hear him A LOT (like in Bastion, but even more).* Combat is very smooth.* The game can appeal even for a young audience.* There are many ""meme"" jokes in the game, which go well with the gameplay (I loved those so much).Pro/Con:* H&S is quit simple, not going to be a challge for those ""git gud"" type of players. But the combat is still fun and have some combos to play with.Cons:* It has his share of bugs. nothing too big but I have met few bugs here and there (mouse became hidden, so I needed to reset the game. stuff like that. simple enough that a reset will fix it but annoying as well that I have to say it). It should be said, the developers keeping the game up to date and fixing bugs.* There are not many platforms and even those that got in, are very easy (and this comes from someone that HATE platform becuase i suck at them).* There are VERY few puzzles in game (which are so easy that I don't know if to call them puzzles).Some thoughs about the gameThis game bring a very uniqe and cool idea. Each ""round"" include 4 chapters, at the beginning of each chapter you will have to make a choice, which will lead to what you will do next.After finishing the 4 chapters you will find out if you got the ""good ending of the story"" or not. and the whole point of the game is to find the good ending. while there is 24 other endings, the gameplay is still fun.You will run into the same maps as you choose the same decisions (or diffrent decisions which will lead to the same place), it sound boring to get to the same place but its not, becuase of few reasons:first, there are multiple paths in each map, which some will let you explore extra contant (getting more loots/ finding notes about the story line) and some paths will not let you go back after choosing them.However you will always get to the same spot in the end so it doesn't matter too much (only giving you some refreshment from choosing the same path + sometimes more loot).Secondly, like in the ""Lego"" games, there are paths which you can't go into until you unlock some items first, this game has the same mechanism. It works really well with this game becuase you have to replay those maps again.Bottom lineOverall, I found the ""good ending"" after 8 hours (and you do need to find few bad ending to be able to get to the good one - it took me 6 bad endings).For the amout of time of gameplay that you get + the extra time that will take you to find all other endings if you wish, I would rate this game8/10.Is it worth your money? yes indeed.Its not a game about giving you a hardcore challange, but instead some casual gameplay + very fun and intersting story (for all ages)."
,Not Recommended,439190,24026727,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,FiftyNine,"This game is build on a interesting and somewhat novel concept of letting the player (and the protagonist) fail and learn from their mistakes. The whole playthrough is very short - around 1 - 1.5 hours, but at the end of it you are presented with an ending to the story... and then you're transported back to the start. But now you know something new, you've learned something from your previous playthough and you won't make the same mistakes before. Also, at the end of every run you learn some ""truth"" - a vital information about a character or an object in the story. Collecting all the truths will reveal to you correct choices that will allow you to arrive at the true ending. What this means though, is that the game is rigged, it's impossible to get a happy/true ending, until you've failed enough times. Now I did not mind that, but knowing that no matter what you do, you're set to fail, can be a frustrating experience.Another problem with iterative playthroughs is repetitivness.  The game reuses same few levels again and again, and by the fourth run they become all too familiar and boring. So do enemies, although combat in Stories is a whole different can of worms.Graphics are quite nice and fit the theme and so does music. Bastion-style narrator commentates every your step and delivers story. He does it quite well too, creating an impression of an actual book story, told by an old man to his grandkids. And the story itself isn't bad at all. Writers managed to create a vibrant world and sympathetic charactes in it. Stylistically and in terms of art-design this game is great.I have to point out that it's not very well optimized. Despite the simple graphics framerate can be surprisingly low sometimes, particlarly on lower-end PCs. I have GTX 660 and I had to swith to low quality to keep 60 FPS.So far, so good, right?[Please, disregard the next part about movement. As it turned out, all the glitches were caused by malfunctioning hardware on my part. I apologize to anyone whom I may have misled, but my overall opinion of the game remains unchanged. I still do not recommend buing it.]But now we arrive at two things that will take up 90% of gameplay: movement and combat, Now, I played the game with mouse and keyboard since it's my preferred method of input, as opposed to a controller, which many folks with don't have at all. Maybe the game does better when you use a gamepad, but otherwise if behaves absolutely awfully.While running your character stutters all the time, sometimes to a point where I had to spend good 3 seconds to leave one spot. Like I said, most of the time in this game you're running around. Only you're not running. You're runn..ru..runnin..r..running. I hope with this sentence I managed to communicate the level of frustration this small stuttering caused to me as a player.And then there's combat. The combat system borrows heavily from Arkham-style games. Hit, parry, dash between the enemies and hook/grab someone once in a while. Unfortunately it suffer from all the same problems as movement and then some. Combat  is unpredicatably unresponsive. Get ready to die a few times because you dash simply didn't work. Every other thing in combat triggers slow-motion, which is supposed to give you time to evaluate situation and make a decision. And that's all well and good but this stop frames are so abundant and long that they completely break the flow of combat, actually making it harder to place precise blows to raise combo meter. Instead of fast paced fluid battle player gets a stuttering abomination where short windows of action moving at breakneck pace alternate with time-freezes with little sense or logic to the whole thing. Add to it a weird camera that zooms to you while ignoring half the enemies off the screen who can be charging at you at any given time and you got yourself a recipe for disaster.I also experienced a few bugs which made me relaunch the game and lose my progress in the current level.Well, I still finished the game, because I figured: ""Alright, the gameplay isn't very good, but I like the story and I like the idea. Let;s see how it ends."" Turns out, not very well. True ending lacks any kind of culmination, final boss, anything that would get adrenalin pumping. In fact, I found the true ending to be the worst written of all endings I've seen. Full of cliches, illogical choices and plot twists, it was the most disappoining finale to otherwise good story.So basically I have 2 main problems with this game:1) technical issues (movement, combat, bugs)2) weak ending to the story.I could forgive any single one of those two, but without good plot and without enjoyable gameplay, this game for me is not worth buying.Please, excuse my verbosity as well as my grammar. It's 3 AM here and I probably should be sleeping instead of bashing games on Steam."
,Recommended,439190,31310775,Posted: 22 April,all,Smoothie 2.0,I really love the game.But after a while it just start to be repetitive and some loading take a while to load.
76561198017617110,Recommended,439190,22639916,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Zirkumflex,"What Kind of Hero Are you?A hero who is willing to risk space, time, the universe and everything if the odds are in his favor.My first run. I destroyed universe. 11/10 would risk it again.tl:drThe game overall is very fun. It has a fun hack and slay part. Between the level you make a critical decision.Gladly after finishing the game, you be able to travel back in time.. maybe you can save the universe, unlike i did.With every run you get new information, leading to new locations. A run takes ~1h.There are over 20 endings you can discover. the story is really fun too. I like the voice actor tho.You should give it a try, if you like kinda games."
,Recommended,439190,29551955,Posted: 28 January,all,jobjones98,New favourite gameEverything about this game is amazingSoundtrackNarrationStoryGameplayGraphicsOnly a shame I can only run it smoothly with everything on the lowest settings 😭
,Recommended,439190,23762319,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Vulpes Ignis,"I bought this game at the Summer Steam Sale for 10$. It is safe to say that I am not dissapointed.The combat is VERY satisfying and the story is absolutely spine-chillingly good. In fact, there are 32 stories in one. Even though the game takes a long while to load up at the beggining and the saves, it never loads after that, giving it a sleek gameplay with no loading screens.The walking controls glitch out sometimes, making it pretty uncomfortable.This thing being the only flaw, I have it a 9/10."
76561198076410920,Recommended,439190,29565514,Posted: 29 January,all,DMVD,"+ Fun storyline+ no obvious choices+ humor+ storyteller+ art+/- repetitive but repetitive slice n dice can be funNo real replay-value to be honest, I just wanted to figure it out and now I did. I would say the standard price is reasonable."
,Recommended,439190,25597260,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Jay,"This is an excellent game that excels in pretty much every aspect. The story is fun and interesting and the graphics are fantastic. The music is well done and fitting, the voice acting is great and I love the narration. The gameplay is fast-paced but not too difficult. I'm thankful it focuses on combat, trap avoidance and puzzle solving more than precision movements and jumping like normal 3D platformers."
,Recommended,439190,22655019,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,SHABAYUM,"This game has 25 endings, they are all fun, interesting, and well narrated. Sadly, the gameplay itself only kept it's longevity through 6 of them before it felt like it was a chore that I had to do to get to the next part of the story."
76561198250080938,Recommended,439190,29731862,Posted: 5 February,all,maxmullamphy,"A short but sweet game, with an interesting story and characters and a tonne of entertaining endings. The combat, while it may get repetitive after a time, remains challenging for the length of the main game. The narrator is amusing and well done, although the jokes will no doubt become dated in a few years (months, days, minutes?). Only other complaints is that the performance ocasionally dips, and one section of the last level (which you will play multiple times) will lock you in slow motion for longer than necessary. Oh, and the game has no boss fights, which is mildly disappointingWithout a doubt a game I would recommend. What secrets will you learn from your mistakes?"
76561198042767131,Recommended,439190,22509280,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Farlow,"I had a lot of fun with it in spite of some weird bugs and the limited level varieties. The story itself is filled with your usual hero tropes, but screws with them in enough ways to be entertaining and charming, and the combat (when it's not giving me unlimited health or some weird thing, from a bug I'd guess) was fun enough to carry me through the experience the 8 or 9 times I needed to get the ideal ending. There's some interface fixes absent that would have made things much smoother, like mapping the sword select to each direction on the dpad for immediate access to your weapon of choice, and leaving the cycling method of sword selection to bumpers. I'm not so fond of when buttons go unused when they could streamline the gameplay, but here's hoping that's something Spearhead will add later. There are also some things I'd love to be able to skip (the ""Game changer"" paragraph that repeats each time you want to do a new playthrough is unskippable, for example).I'm actually happy with my time with this game, despite the above complaints. It's goofy and fun, looks nice, and sometimes plays nice too! The upgrade system gave interesting bonuses that had me looking forward to new encounters, and I have to say my favorite part of this game was watching how Reynardo's paths fall apart each time. If the game had a greater enemy variety and more levels to cycle through, I'd probably adore it. As it is, I only greatly enjoyed it, which is awesome because I love greatly enjoying things. Here's hoping Spearhead's next endeavor is more polished, but still unabashedly gleeful.Wait did I forget the art? The art's ♥♥♥♥ing awesome; I love it. And the narrator? Jesus, that guy was awesome too, wonderful delivery on pretty much everything."
,Recommended,439190,22624736,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Skidd,"You can beat the main game in a few hours. but there's tons of other endings and items to unlock.Fantastic game! Totally taken by surprise by how fun this was. I went in with little to NO knowledge of what the game was or was about. but I did not leave unhappy. Multiple endings, a fun hack and slash battle system. with sword crafting and skill levels. Very enjoyable.Support the developers! Buy this game!"
,Recommended,439190,22849118,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Drewfie,"I've had some issues with the game freezing completely and having to force close it but it has only happened twice so far. Game is a fun take on isometric ARPGs. Combat feels very Batman/Mad Max/Shadows of Mordor-like and it's fun to keep a combo going with sword attacks, throws, and magic. The narrator is a very good voice actor and the story has been entertaining the whole time. Definitely recommend to any RPG fan."
76561198050536038,Recommended,439190,34643532,Posted: 31 August,all,willaimshakesbeer,"It is like the movie 'edge of tomorrow', but as a fable that plays like arkham knight. I loved playing it!"
,Recommended,439190,29535273,Posted: 27 January,all,Rush,"I recommend this game with some serious reservations, and not at the asking price of $14.99 (wait for a sale). I am not one to prop a game up by its story, but the one (or ones, rather) found here was enticing enough for me to overlook some serious flaws and see the game to its proper completion.To summarize the game's flaws for those who won't be swayed by its storytelling: you end up repeating the same handful of levels or so with slight variations in layout or conditions (buffs or debuffs). The combat system is what you've seen in games like the Batman Arkham and Assassin's Creed series. While the skill tree does help to add some early variety to the encounters, you will soon learn to deal with the 5 enemy types effectively and then every encounter becomes essentially identical to another. Exploring the levels gets old eventually too, as you will learn where the not-so-secret paths are and find yourself just dashing to the finish. On top of all this, the game has some bugs like disappearing textures and animation glitches. Why would you want to go through all this? To see the story play out in new and exciting ways.Each playthrough lasts anywhere from 30 minutes to an hour and comprises five levels, determined entirely by your choices. In one playthrough, you might start off by helping your friend, while in another you might choose to search for a powerful artifact instead. There are choices to make at the beginning (and sometimes during) levels as well that will change the story. While you might visit the same locales in each playthrough, the story and narration always changes to fit your path. As the sole voice actor in the game, the narrator does a superb job of playing all the characters--even minor ones--and conveying a wide arrray of emotions all at proper times.Your impetus for completing multiple playthroughs is to choose the true ending, and you can only do this if you know four truths gleaned from some combination of the 24 playthroughs with false endings (which are informative, occaisionally entertaining, but never fulfilling). I was able to find the first three truths as soon as possible by just trying radically different choices in each playthrough, but the fourth and final truth took me several attempts, some of which resulted in dead ends. The reason I kept going was because I really felt like I was getting closer each time, that the final truth was just beyond my grasp--this was due in no small part to the game's excellent writing which subtly points you in the right direction instead of just spelling things out.When I had finally uncovered the final truth and achieved the true ending, I was very satisfied with how everything tied together, and felt vindicated for the time I spent going through the same sequences over and over again. If you love it when a good story comes together in a tour de force after some misteps, and you can bear significant repetition, you will probably feel similarly. But definitely wait for a sale, as you're likely to beat the game in well under 10 hours and there's not really any point in maxing out your skills or getting the other false endings unless you're a die-hard completionist."
,Recommended,439190,22626910,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Shadow Hugger,"The worst thing about this game is its title. Once I got past that it was easy to enjoy what Stories has to offer. You're basically Bill Murray in Groundhog Day, except he's a walking talking Fox and he's trying to save the world instead of getting Andie MacDowell to sleep with him.Each playthrough (say about 35mins - 45mins long) offers diifferent choices and multiple endings, where you can learn things that help you make better decisions the next time around. All but one of the endings are bad, so it hooked me into finding 'the good one'.Combat's decent enough, lifted straight out of the Arkham games with multipliers, grappling hooks and skill tree levelling. I didn't mind going through the same areas again, as I was unlocking alternate pathways, stat upgrades and watching a different story unfold, but it got to a point where it was repetitive.Took me just a few hours to finish, but I feel like I got my money's worth."
76561198214350499,Recommended,439190,22643618,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,lonesamuraigary,"This game is super fun!The combat is fluid and engaging and the skill tree gives you something to play around with and customize. I would describe it to be like devil may cry meets assassin's creed style. It's got the crazy combo's and hack and slash goodness, but also adds more technical things like counters and grapple attacks.The commentary is cute and can be quite humorous at times, like all the comments about smashing barrels or swinging your sword around in the air aimlessly. You can tell they put a lot of thought into the narrative of the game.I like the spin on the splitting story arch, though it can be frustrating watching poor Reynardo fail over and over again despite your best efforts.All I can say is this game is super fun, but don't expect to start it and not get bad endings, you pretty much have to get screwed over to figure out what to do, and that's part of the game as crazy as it sounds, but it works.Only real complaint I've got is occasionally I will get a glitch where I get stuck in the floor when i dash into breakables. It's only happened twice, but the first time I was nearly done with a stage and ended up having to restart the whole thing."
76561198008552741,Recommended,439190,27512950,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,[FR]-Berryl,"That's a nice little game we have here, mainly based on replayability : make a choice, go on, make another choice, keep going on, make a third choice, die badly somewhere along the path, tries another path, repeat.The most interesting part of this mechanism - which strongly reminds me the Way of the Samurai series ♥ - is that you actually *know* what you discovered on your previous paths. Secrets are discovered as you try various choices, each secret unlocking new options you hadn't before, which may lead you to another path, which will allow you to learn more about the events and how they interfere with eachothers.In short : the only way to win is to go meta and shamelessly use what you, the player, knows of the game to make the character choose wisely. I find the idea rather refreshing :)As for the rest of the game, it's a classic beat'em all with quite a good amount of abilities to upgrade depending on your playstyle. The gameplay is fast and the character responds well to your commands, to my opinion. Simply charging through ennemies works at first, but as you increase in level, so do the monsters by gaining armors and abilities of their own, and you end up having to make good use of your abilities to get out of some sticky skirmishes. The weapon upgrades are surprisingly skimpy though, and I'd appreciate to have at least more upgrades available.Graphically speaking, I can only say that the game is cheerful and colorful, with good-looking 3D environments. Obviously it's not an open-world with high quality textures, but it feels nice to wander on the different maps. Each of them contain various paths to avoid boreness, as you end up doing them again and again.The story itself is kept simple : you're a sea pirate, you flee a bombed town leaving behind you corpses of the few peoples you liked, and ends up roaming the sky trying to match the Bad Empire's influence as hard as you can by every mean you have. Most of these means, of course, lead to a rather unpleasing end.As for the characters, I like their style. There's not a lot of main and secondary chars, but they sometimes spit out a good punchline or two. Like the story, they are quite classic but enjoyable. The main char is still the funnier of them, as he can either act as a jerk with his friends, end up destroying the world without mercy (or rather without thinking) or decide to not lower himself to this Gandhi-style (the real Gandhi, not the Civ one :3 ).All in all, it's not a great, big game, but it'll easily keep your attention for a few hours (more if you want to unlock every endings, each more funny or silly than the other). It's pleasant to play, well designed, and *not* bug-ridden (which nowadays is a good point). If you like furries, piracy and multi-ending, you may like it :)"
76561198000664965,Recommended,439190,22648793,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,GunnyBunny32,"Let me first say, the name of this game is pretty awful, but after actually playing through the game, I can see why it is fitting. This is certainly a game with heart, and it's got a lot of attention to small details and no small amount of easter eggs.I am dissapointed to say no epic boss fights which I had imagined in my head when I first purchased it, but the combat system is solid, if not a little too straight forward, but maybe it is by design. I'll be honest and say the loot and upgrade system is really basic, but it seems pretty fitting, and reminiscent of bastion, metroid, or dust.For it's price a fair buy, although if you pick correctly you can find yourself quickly finishing the game in a sitting, and although we all hope to find the best ending (I would hope), you can ceraintly spend a lot of time playing with much darker endings. If you are a person that enjoys those really repetitive telltale games that boast a pick your own story that truly only ever has a single outcome, stories will probably blow you away, and teach the telltale crew a thing or two while they're at it."
76561198066951172,Recommended,439190,28944031,Posted: 2 January,all,neroflame13,"A beautiful game. has many endings and amazing narrator and stories. never had such amazing game as this. the endings can break your heart, or other feely stuff, or make you look dumb for stupid decisions. I'm sure players would want to do all those endings, the story is so intriguing, you'd want to see more. Also the action, it isn't difficult to fight, I've been using one ""cool"" weapon the whole time after I craft it. and the abilities are amazing, makes the game easier. but the story matters here. so I highly recommend this game for its art style, story, plot, magical action, and endings."
76561198041442889,Recommended,439190,29754260,Posted: 6 February,all,culinarykid92,"Great game. The gameplay is very much walk around and fight with some very basic Arkham countering combat. The story has 24 endings that are recorded (and a few others that lead to death) and 1 real ending on top of those 24. I say play it until you get the real ending which means you need to play through the game at least 5 times. The other endings are very similar and that is the problem with completing it. It becomes too slow. One must listen to the same unskippable dialogue over again and even with me getting all endings, I can't have enough heart to play to max each skill for the final achievement for the game. The music is enjoyable, though repititious."
76561198306781222,Recommended,439190,29991993,Posted: 17 February,all,Tykestrys,"At times it can feel extremely repetitive at times, but the evolving story really made me appreciate that fact all the more. It's not your typical decision making game, and that is what I found the most appealing."
76561197999316299,Recommended,439190,29768015,Posted: 7 February,all,MadMax,"Fun game with excellent narrator!The game mechanics are a bit too simple for me and the ""final"" achievements are way too grindy. I did however enjoy the game enough to find the ""true ending"", and it was well worth the trouble!Surprisingly deep story which really explores the flawed character you play. You try out many different paths and, eventhough they rely on completing the same maps over and over, they do feel different and rewarding.Well worth a try!"
,Recommended,439190,29864193,Posted: 11 February,all,Domo_On_Demand,"It's a shame the dull title makes this game seem unapealing at first. Once you get into it the game is incredibly unique in its storytelling methods with extremely likeable characters and the same soothing feeling you used to get being read a good book as a child.The combat is at first very frustrating as you learn the rules and perameters. Once you get to used to it the combat is very tight. rewarding, and unique. I would probably relate it most to BM Arkham but more punishing.Graphics and audio are also beautiful.Not much I don't like. Just wish that sometimes health pickups were more frequent"
,Recommended,439190,29734488,Posted: 5 February,all,SmallKoreanSeal™,"awesome branching game, it makes u replay but you always experience different stories and it doesnt make it like a long re run you finish experience each tour of emotions in an hour. Really awesome and rich storytelling! Loved it"
,Recommended,439190,33159087,Posted: 2 July,all,Zeke_Midogmas,Good history and the characters are charismatic and funny
,Not Recommended,439190,34164319,Posted: 11 August,all,Jareth,"I really wanted to reccomend this game, and this is the first time I'm voting no. First - why I like the game:The art work is beautiful and the world is truly a sight. The fighting mechanism is super fun and simple to understand (personally I don't like fight mechanisms that require me to have 4 hands to master) and I like to hack and slash things.This game would have been perfect in those aspects. However, the game is so buggy that it just ruined my experience to the point where I don't want to play anymore. The first and most major bug is that you lose the mouse indicator. You can't play normally without it (since you can't aim comfortably), and you have to quit the game to fix it (try quitting the game without keyboard control and NO MOUSE POINTER..it can take minutes!). And then on top of it, since there's only auto save, you lose your progress because of this. There were other bugs, less critical, but still annoying.Also, you cannot skip the narration. True, it's a story telling game, but for crack's sakes, some of the texts you have to hear over and over and over and over and over again - on second time, just let us skip!Loading times are really long. It's been a while since I've encountered such a long loading time in a modern game that's not an MMO.All in all, I can't reccommend the game. If you're super patient to bugs, then wait for a sale and buy it. But full price with the current bugs and annoyances? don't think it's worth it."
,Recommended,439190,22487609,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Calico,"You really have to think of Stories like a hack-and-slash Dyscourse instead of a choose-your-own-adventure Bastion.The concept behind the game is that you play through it multiple times, making different choices and taking different paths each time to see how the story unfolds differently. Each playthrough lasts about 30 minutes to an hour, visiting the same handful of locations each time. Getting to the best ending takes about 5 hours, and getting all the endings would probably take about 20+ hours. (Edit: 19.1 hours!)The hack-and-slash and RPG gameplay elements are simple, which with any other game would probably be a mark against it. However, with Stories, I'm really interested in finding out what happens next rather than getting bogged down in combat. So being able to quickly max everything out and blow through combat easily is actually a plus. Once you get the best ending, you're pretty much able to walk through the levels without too much distraction.I'm really enjoying Stories a lot, but for its narrative, characters, and art style more than its gameplay. If you like games like Dyscourse or The Stanley Parable, then I think you'll enjoy it. If you're looking for something like Bastion or Hyper Light Drifter, then you're going to be disappointed.Oh, and its cast is entirely talking animal people, so bonus points from me for that! >^_^<"
76561198047989529,Recommended,439190,22490640,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Sbfuse,Got 2 hours into the game and all i can say is this game is a treat. Original idea and combat is alot of fun. Unreal Engine 4 looks great. This is one of those games you turn off and mins later want to turn back on. Also the price is right. Great job all around. Story telling keeps you wanting more. I see some people talking about bugs and poor gameplay. I have not had one single issue yet. I am running i7 4770k gtx970 to give you an idea. Game runs smooth as hell.
,Recommended,439190,22491590,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Natzuur <lol.no>,"Really enjoying it so far. The combat is surprisingly good and challening. Expect to die a bit, but even if you die you usually start right where you were so it's not too punishing. The story is good, it kind of reminds me of Radiant Historia in a weird way. All in all worth the purchase!"
,Recommended,439190,22500614,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Jenkarn,"8/10, would listen to terrible puns once again."
76561198046337537,Recommended,439190,22501812,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Mutant Cowboy Turtle,"When I saw this game on the featured list I was like ""Eh, it seems to have a nice design, might as well try it out"". Turns out nice design is only the beginning of the story.First of all, of course, what drew me into this game: It's design. It is not groundbreaking by any means, but it is very well executed. You can see that the developers had put a lot of effort to try and make this game pop out, and it does! The story book like illustrations in the cutscenes go perfectly hand in hand with the stories narrative.About the narrator: It is actually amazing how much depth can one narrator bring to so many different characters and situations, it's like listening to a very well crafted audio book! Not to mention the countless of funny comments and references the narrator throws at you. But as everything it too can get too overdone at times, but I dont really mind that.The story is good, but what's interesting about it is the AMOUNT of endings you get. There are plenty, and all of them depend on every single action you make. This makes exploration a necessary part of the game. Sure sometimes it may get grindy and repetitive a bit but if you are like me, you will definitely want to explore and find out as much as you possibly can, if not for the sake of completing the game 100% but for the sake of finding out what kind of interesting ending you may come across next. Sometimes the game even throws curve balls at you that made me just sit there for a minute and then bursting out laughing and calling out the narrator a cheeky git.As for the combat, this was my first ever hack and slash type game. For me, even if I played with a keyboard the combat seemed to border somewhere between repetitive and oddly satisfying. Sometimes I'd go through a hoard of enemies with the feeling of ""I am tired of this"" and the next time I'd feel like it is the most satisfying thing in the world. So while not the most amazing part of the game, it is definitely well done.As an overall game, I can definitely recommend it. A bit of polish here and there and it will be a truely wonderful experience. 8/10"
76561198025359639,Recommended,439190,22492457,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,toddbert,"Fun but lightweight slashfest with a nice set of branching pathways; it's short, but you'll have fun discovering it's secrets. Keep yourself spoiler free for maximum enjoyment, the game does a fine job of guiding you through to the finish, if that's your goal, or you can ignore and go off and see how the different stories play out. Worth the money they are asking for!"
,Recommended,439190,22498708,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,WyzAntz,Stories:The Path of DestiniesVideo Review:https://youtu.be/T6J1ifEv1PoStories is one of those games where you look at first you thik it lookes interesting and then you play it and wonder how could you ever not be playing this game. The story is very rich and interactive and the combat is down right fun at times. Overall a game that you will find hard to put down just so you can know all the different links in the story and where they will take you.
76561198227230960,Recommended,439190,31812152,Posted: 17 May,all,JENKS42,one of the best games ive played. i got this on PS4 and have boght it again! very replayable
76561198005622164,Not Recommended,439190,34249162,Posted: 14 August,all,Eshajori,"The concept and writing are great. The RPG aspects could use a lot of stuffing, considering I unlocked everything before I completed even 25% of the game's content. But honestly that's not too big a deal. The game is repetitive but fun. I'd say if you enjoyed Hand of Fate you'll love this too... but there are serious design flaws. The levels encourage exploration for treasure, yet you can get all the weapons and gems VERY quickly. When you do, there's literally no reason to explore these other areas.The game is short, also. You can play levels over and over again to see each little way the ""story"" (AKA the 3-5 lines of narration between levels) changes, but if you just want to play through the levels and solve the story you're looking at maybe 2 hours of gameplay.There's an even bigger issue.This game is buggy as hell. Some of the bugs are game-breaking. It was released over a year ago and it still plays like it came out last week. There are levels you have to restart due to blockades. There are platforms/islands that don't render so things are floating on nothing. There are just FOUR weapons in the game, and two of them have bugs that are either extremely frustrating or kill you. One sword sometimes causes your movement to slow down until you can't move at all other than your dash. The other freezes enemies, but if one freezes right before it hits you, the game registers it as hitting you over and over again in the span of a second, and you take about 10 hits worth of damage and usually die.These bugs have existed since the game's release. The Devs have seen and responded to them, but have done nothing to fix them. A month is understandable. A year is inexcusable. They just don't care, so you shouldn't either."
76561198039948388,Recommended,439190,23082750,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Dirack,"I thoroughly enjoyed this game, though I can see how some people wouldn't enjoy it. Each playthrough is pretty short, but seeing all the plot playthroughs are pretty fun. Unfortuantely, some of the combat does get repetitive after a couple of hours of replaying the game. Story is funny and enjoyable."
76561198024743922,Not Recommended,439190,29505712,Posted: 26 January,all,Raykael,"I wasn't able to play the game: endless loading screen bug. Apparently this is a well known and quite common bug that has not been solved yet. A pity, because the game REALLY seemed interesting and I REALLY wanted to play it... Sadly, all I could do was ask for a refund :("
76561198056980805,Recommended,439190,34728114,Posted: 3 September,all,KarmaPaymentPlan,"I wish more people knew of this game. Choose your own adventure, relive the story, and somehow the developers keep it fresh. Love the narrarator, and really like how the stories and the big story grow. Fun and unique."
76561197993386558,Recommended,439190,23787976,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Outfoxie,"This is a beautiful game. Short, sweet, and the setting and narration gives it an overall feel of having a storybook read to you. The premise of the game is not known until a bit later into the game, and the intrigue in trying to discover what else may result from the gameplay is fascinating enough to keep a person hooked. (Sorry for the vague entry, but i'm not giving any spoilers. :) )Definitely a recomendation to anyone's gallery!"
76561198072031137,Recommended,439190,32652823,Posted: 22 June,all,PantheraLeo,"Awesome game with amazing story and very original game mechanic.10/10, would sell my soul to a stone again."
,Recommended,439190,22471051,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Voidsong,So far enjoying this a lot. The combat is very fluid and fun. The story and quips are pretty good. Theres a few references to other games speckled in by the narrator here and there for humor sake. This may actually be a game I finish lol.
,Recommended,439190,22387513,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Nukedboxers,"Bought this game within the first five minutes that I knew it existed. Not dissapointed at all. Granted the storytelling seems really all over the place within the first chunk of the game, just get past it and on to the good stuff. The game feels like its going by fast at first, but again, stick with it, cause if you like branching storylines, you're gonna love this."
76561198023909953,Recommended,439190,28210240,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Don Fox ┼ ♣♠♦♥,"For once we have a decent non porn related ""furry"" game, I won't spit on it ! Dark humor fans and anthropomorphic ones will also appreciate :3 ! Everyone be careful tough, the system requirements for this game are rather high ! Be sure you can actually run it with at least a medium quality level :/"
,Recommended,439190,22519931,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,ionko,"I am having a blast unlocking the different stories and getting to know he characters better. Even when I've played enough to feel I know what choices to make I find the game manages to give me a twist.Did you know that levitating platforms work by combining anti-gravity crystals and wishful thinking? Now you do, thanks to the great narrator of the story!"
76561198056868793,Recommended,439190,22532402,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,silasfelinus,"The stories are pulpy, entertaining, and worth replaying to find out how differently they can all unfold. Worth it."
76561198044388622,Recommended,439190,22534148,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,YourDogAteTheMoon,"It's a fun interactive RPG game! However the Graphics needs fine tuning, it lags and sometimes pauses, Renaldo's movement sometimes follows the opposite direction and he just loves dashing into the WRONG cursor.Good StoryGood GameStill needs tuning."
76561198059944230,Recommended,439190,22535190,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Shibe Pls,"[[SPOILER FREE REVIEW HERE]]Y'know, honestly I'd read a book about this so fast its not even funny. The game they've made on this however is a slightly mixed bag. Let me explain.The good- The storyNaturally with a name like 'Stories', the narrative is the main focus of the game. The delivery of it feels well paced, quick enough for multiple runs in one session and most importantly of all (in my opinon) gives relatability and investment in each of the main and sub-main characters. Solid 8/10 for this, only deducting points due to the lack of exposition regarding certain characters or glossed over details.- The charactersAs mentioned above, I really liked the characters of this game. The main protagonist is definetly not what you would call intelligent. He's a swordsman without equal but thats about where it ends. Yet despite this I really enjoyed playing as Reynold, the character totes a certain charm to him that is really shown well by the narrator's voice. Likewise the other characters are crafted with what I believe is quite good depth for a game such as this.- Information gainWith all the multiple branching paths of the game, each time you complete a run you come away from it with more information about the world Reynold is fighting for, the characters that populate it and most importantly, a better idea of what choices you should make to proceed into the future. There are no exclusively ""right"" paths, with one choice you are sure will land you success ending in failure whilst a more bizzare path might open up options for a glimpse of something more, then end once more in dissapointment. Yet despite this I always felt like I was making progress in the narrative, slowly making my way into working out what exactly is going on and how to - like all good heroes, save the world!The bad-The combatThis game is sadly not a game where the combat shines. A similar formula to the Arkham knight games, Reynold jumps around the screen hitting enemies with timing based attacks and countering by pressing the same button when a little exclamation mark appears above the bad guy's head. However with only 5 enemy types, a strange loot system that seems to rely more on respawning chests between runs rather than actual exploration, only 4 swords that have no real differing stats apart from their magic effect, the fighting in this game feels shallow and a filler for the real meat of the game - its story. This is incredibly dissapointing as with such potential in its presentation and obvious care layered onto its narrative, the improvement of combat through more varied unit types, possible weapon types and maybe more of a difficulty curve towards the end of the game would have made this a far more robust and gratifying experience.The Verdict-""Hey, that's pretty good!"" - Some cancer patient 2015No but tacky jokes aside, I really enjoyed this game. Not for its arkham knight wannabe combat, nor its passable sound direction (which I didnt mention because it was honestly neither good nor bad) but for its characters, clever way of investing you in the story and universe and because the whereas most games let the main character suceed no matter their situation, Stories: Path of Destinies understand that sometimes one person can only do so much on their own, and that going back to see where you went wrong is the only way to success."
,Recommended,439190,22537432,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Ari,"The story is captivating! There are so many choices to make and so many twists and turns. The narrator is great! He's interesting and says silly little remarks depending on the situation. The scenery is beautiful, and excellent combat system. One of the most impressive combat systems I've encountered. Definitely worth it!"
76561198004001866,Recommended,439190,22539046,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Podmo,"Definitely worth the price of entry, but there's still room for improvement.This game reminds me a lot of Hand of Fate in both gameplay and feel. If you enjoyed that game, or other story-focused ARPGs, you'll probably enjoy Stories.This is a game that begs for a more fleshed-out sequel, though. After a while, you wind up repeating a lot of plot points to get to a particular moment, and that gets old eventually. Ultimately, I wanted to feel like the story book was a place where I could get lost and trapped, instead of a relatively simple path to a handful of outcomes that diverge mostly in details.Overall, I totally recommend this. The developer is supporting it well, and offering consistent patches. The gameplay is smooth, the environments nice, the writing is solid...and it's fun. I just hope that in the future the developer can expand on the systems they created here, and offer a deeper experience."
,Recommended,439190,22543023,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,-AW- Adretheon,"This was a really cool idea for a game. It's basically a ""Choose your own adventure"" game just like you'd get in those books.Each choice changes the direction of the storyline leading you to whatever end you fall on. The way it plays out is pretty short. You can play through the story in about a hour, but there are 24  endings. After you get to the end of the story, the story resets to the beginning and you try again until you get the Hero's ending.Going through the different storylines unlocks new information about the characters and events in the story to help you determine the right course of action. And each time you play you have the chance to unlock more choices for the path you follow.The storylines are fun and it's interesting to see the various endings the game has to offer, but that's really where the game peaks. the combat at first is fun and challenging, but after playing through the story 2-3 times you get the hang of it and by this time you've leveled enough to where you're kind of a god. Each playthough's exp you earn carries over to the next attempt so leveling up becomes quick if you start enjoying the hunt for the different endings.However, the gameplay starts lacking after that. You get 4 different types of swords in the game. Each holding a different element(Wind, Water, Fire, and then the normal one), but aside from the ""Freezes enemy"" magic power the sword comes with there's not real elemental challenge. Enemies react the same with all the different weapon types and there no real need for strategy with the elements. I found myself only using the main sword(because it heals me) and crafting the others just to open the locked doors that only those swords open.This makes the game repetitive after a few playthroughs. I got about 4 stories finished, but I would have stopped at 3 if I curious about what the real ending was.Another thing, and this is just a peeve of mine, I really wish games would stop telling me everything. When I go into the skills menu, I wanna see locked skills with no descriptions. I enjoy that surprise of finding out what skills are next. This game tells you everything though, and it ruins some of the mystery for me. Skills, gems, swords, upgrades, even which choices unlock what stuff is all spelled out for you. All you need to do is hide it.This leads me to a suggestion for the Devs. Take out the hand holding icons that tell me what choices unlock truths. Let people figure it out, it makes the adventure fun. It also needs an added screen that shows the branches of choices you've seen already to help figure out new paths to take for people who want to unlock all the endings. And let people skip the descriptions of the choices if I've seen them already. It takes so long to wait for it when I already know what they are.All in all this is a fun game with some really cool story ideas in it. If you see this game 20% off and want a game with a fun story then grab it, but you might be disappointed when you play through it a few times to find it's lost its luster already."
,Recommended,439190,22553858,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Panic Route ™,"The Path of Destinies.Help Reynardo, an ex-pirate and unintentional hero, to defend against the mad emperor’s lust for immortality. With beautiful levels waiting to be explored with chests full of crafting materials and enemies ready to be picked for their XP. The real magic behind this game comes from the storytelling, as the entire journey is being narrated, with a choice at the end of each level, to determine Reynardo’s destiny.There are 24 possible different endings, with 4 different truths to uncover. Once Reynardo learns all four truths, the knowledge can then be used to determine the right path towards the definitive ending.I loved the story telling and the idea of having to learn from your mistakes, however, I seriously would not recommend playing all 24 possible endings, as the game becomes far too repetitive. Also the crafting and the combat was a little limited and left me yearning for more.I would recommend this game on originality, artistic design and the games witty narrative style, there just wasn’t enough in game content to keep me hooked."
,Recommended,439190,22559576,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Faoulon,love it. Absolutely amazing story based game.
76561198252933122,Recommended,439190,22562684,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Epic Werewolf,"I am really enjoying this game so far.  The colors and overall design are wonderful, and the combat is a lot of fun.  The storyline seems surprisingly dark for such a cute game, but there is a lot of humor thrown in.  I would definitely recommend this game to a friend!  :)"
76561198049350749,Recommended,439190,22583716,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Skirlasvoud,"The game basically consists of two really good seperate parts, that come together badly. I will reccomend the game to anyone who really likes Isometric Arkham Style Hack and Slash and/or Interactive Short stories. If you're not sure however and hope this product to strike a happy balance between these parts, then you're going to fall down the middle and come out dissapointed.As a top-down ""Arkham"" style hack and slash, where you weave in and out of combat by dashing, or you counter telegraphed attacks with timing, the game is pretty fun if you're not sick of that combat system yet. Fights are remarkably tight, fast paced and flashy, with the art style and animation really putting up a great show. However, there's fewer enemy types than you'd like to expect and actually, that part of the game is rather short. There aren't that many maps.The other, far more intriguing part, is indeed the storytelling and the way in which the game sets you up. There's a pretty short storyline to be followed, but oh lordy does it branch. Basically, you get about 4 x 3 or 2 different choices, which makes for about 24 completely different endings, supported by their own artwork, voice acting and cutscenes. However, that's not all, as these seperate branches, in fact weave in on each other. You see, many of these endings are bad and you'll end up failing. Thanks to the powers that be however, both you and your hero get smarter. Got a bad end because you learn that the McGuffin you're after is actually something that's going to screw you over? Well, now you know. Your hero knows too as part of his development as a character and the both of you can now use that information to change destiny in the next playthrough. Rivetting! Same goes for if you can trust certain characters, or certain objects. Maybe you even play them against each other now that you know their true nature.If you're into games that give you a several choices and you love investing hours into seeing them played out by a dynamic cast of characters in such radically different ways that your input truly matter, then BUY THIS GAME RIGHT NOW, because it was made for you.On the strengths of both of these seperate parts, I am willing to reccomend this game for 15 bucks. Especially for the storytelling part if you're into stuff like that.Now for the bad news: Both these parts combined into a single game, actually make for a very unhappy marriage between the two that kinda leaves a bad taste in your mouth. If you desperatly want this game to come together neatly for you to be content, instead of knowing you can draw your satisfaction from just a single one of these parts, then I wouldn't reccomend it. The game fails here.The Hack and Slash part, is far shorter than the storyline part. Every new playthrough might have a brand new storyline, but you will end up traversing the EXACT same levels, fighting the exact same enemies as you browse through the stories several times over. This gets grating REALLY quickly and the hack and slash part almost actively starts impairing your ability to enjoy the story. Mercifully, the levels are very short and increasing familiarity with them allows you to zip through them within a handful of minutes, but it's still no less of an annoyance.It's such a pity too, since the landscapes really do look gorgeous. The final level has a breathtaking atmosphere to it. As it should, because while the levels ahead of it might vary a little according to the choices you've made, you'll always end up in the same last level and it has just about started wearing thin with me after seeing it 30 times.In conclusion:This game is like chocolate. And I mean a mountain of chocolate.Make absolutely sure you love Isometric Arkham style Hack & Slash and Interactive Short Stories, because you're going to get a lot of it. If you're into chocolate however and you have the stomach to eat a mountain of the stuff, than this is going to be your dreamgame and you'll get exactly what you paid for.If you're not sure however and you think ""I'll just take a nibble, because it sounds like a really interesting combination of two systems."" then don't expect to come out happy. The game is going to sit on you and force feed you the chocolate until you're gonna hurl, and you're not coming out of the closet until you finished the pile."
,Recommended,439190,22589107,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,SeanShards,"A game where the Stories are made up and the choices DO matter. Sometimes hugely. Terrific storyteller-style narration, fun if slightly repetitive combat, graphically strong and tons of replayability. A hidden gem."
,Recommended,439190,22598593,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,CunningAndRunning,"This is a pretty wierd game; the use of only one vioce actor worked out better then i expected. Doing all the endings it has to offer is really repeditive.  Also, playing with a keyboard is a lost cause. I didn't like how after a few different paths, the game tells you how to get the good ending."
,Recommended,439190,24464813,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,kidweb™,"tl;dr: interesting/unique core game mechanic that is fun until it gets a bit repetitive.  Definitely worth checking out, but it can fade after the first few play throughs.Stories features a very solid core mechanic built around the game basically being self looping - when you ""beat"" the game, the ending transitions straight into the beginning to start over.  Why?  Because the game is basically a choice-your-own-adventure book, in game form.  Between every level (and occassionally within a level) you will be presented with multiple options on how to proceed.  The game is both satisfying that the choices meaningful change the story, and you have no FOMO because you will eventually be back at that decision point again, only to go down the other story path.  A play through only takes 15-30 minutes, as it is only 5 levels or so per play through, and at the end, you will (hopefully) reveal one of the 4 'truths' about the story line.  Each one unlocks another tier of skill unlocks, and each truth has 4-6 endings (of the 25 or so endings), so you will get the same truth more than once (unless you use a guide or just luck out on your first 4 play throughs).  The levels also have a number of unlockable areas that you can access in later play throughs, after you have upgraded your sword to open the doors.  Additionally, the levels change a bit depending on the story choices you make: you might play the same level on 8 or 9 different story paths, but the context will be different each time, so the level will adjust to reflect that.  The game also features extensive narration/voice acting which does a great job with the story telling.Everything is groovy as you play the first few playthroughs, but it starts to really drop off there.  There's just not enough levels, path through the levels, and variations for the levels to sustain so many playthroughs.  The combat is solid, but really has a short evolution, so it becomes incredibly repetitive.  This is excerbated by the limited number of enemy types, and their lack of meaningful scaling.  More than once, you will be disappointed when it seems to be building to a boss fight, only for you discover there isn't one, and that's because there isn't ANY bosses, period.  The end result is a real fun first few hours that quickly levels off to repetition.  In the end, the mechanics are solid, but there just isn't enough content.  The developer may have accidentally painted themselves into a corner in that regard, as the game is almost 100% dependent on high quality story content, and it is hard to produce that in large quantities.  Hopefully the game sells well enough to warrant a sequel, as the game features a fantastic 'choose your own adventure' mechanic, but just needs a lot more content in the form of enemies, bosses, levels and paths through the levels, to maintain the experience through the 10-25 play throughs the game tries to deliver."
76561198160933517,Recommended,439190,24503887,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Zaaset,"A very beautiful, ambitious, fresh and entertaining game, be it repetitive and limited.The writers and narrator have woven a very intricate world of events that you unravel peace by peace, revealing more depth in all the characters.The art style felt fresh and unique. The maps were short enough to not get annoying... much. The music never outstayed it welcome.Sadly, no boss battles. And the 3 levels of gear got quickly maxed out.The final path had branching that should have been its own deck of cards. Nether did the bold moves get any. And the specific endings you do unlock never figured into the story narrative. “Punch the core, you stupid cat! We won!”All this only showed how much more greater this game could have been had it not been restricted by reality of game development. Even with these flaws, it was a set of memorable journeys.The art book is a very good buy. Shame the hamsters did not get in, nor did we get to play as onther character. I especially liked the starting art for the branching paths, which sadly were too much work to make it in.Here is hoping they don’t put away the world or their initial ideas, and explore more into it by making a sequel. Overall, a journey worth taking time and time again, just to see what one could change in it."
,Recommended,439190,22530463,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,HellAlex,"Have a total of 24 endings - 24 ways to destroy the world... Cool! Definitely a plus, it reminds me of Fable: The Lost Chapters, but here you have even more fun and more choices to make. There are games and movies cliches all over the place, from start to end. Having a controller is a must have, I tried with mouse and keyboard, it's not the way to play."
,Recommended,439190,33322280,Posted: 6 July,all,Mina,"""A book is only as great as its storyteller."", is something which is not only true when talking about actual books, but also about virtual ones like this one. The format is simple. Your story is written in a book, where you make your important choices, that actually matter and then comes the exploring and of course, the combats, until you have to make your next choice again. This is a great game for anyone who values an interesting story with great humor, but also enjoys fluid and easy to understand combat, that still challenges you to some extent. The artstyle, at least in my opinion, is also a rare gem. It can paint pretty villages, but still have you gasping when you come into the last room of a dungeon. All in all, a great game. The thing that kept me playing the most was not only the endings (because I wanted to collect/catch them all!) but the aforementioned storyteller. His humor and his voice acting is flawless and you will never get bored. Fourth wall? What fourth wall? Nothing this game needs certainly.So, should you play this game? Yes - if you can be patient. You can always skip the narration of course, but this still is no game for someone who can't appreciate exploring numerous different paths of one story, like in Life Is Strange for example. Only here, you can't just travel back in time. For anyone else, I would still recommend it, but maybe your money is spent better at different game."
76561198081221977,Recommended,439190,30782469,Posted: 27 March,all,Canon Wright,"Stories is a good game with Replayability, that, in a way, is kind of mandatory. There is a path to victory that you may not get on your first try. Really, pretty much depend on not getting it on your first try. But each attempt is different so there's that. You must learn what you did wrong on each attempt and try to correct it to win. Its gonna take you at least 3 attempts to get enough Information to win the game. That being said, the game is fun and the voice acting works. The Graphics can get in the way at times so expect to be temporarily blinded by the flashing effects. But it's not too bad and the game is very playable. also, i felt a tiny bit of lag with the controls but that may just be my Imagination: but i felt there was some kind of something going on with my xbox controler. Maybe a mouse and keybord is the answer.  The game is definitely worth a try and if you can pick it up during a steam sale. Do so. =]Now stop bothering me and go outside and play!!!  You video game degenerate!"
76561198070756991,Recommended,439190,33192771,Posted: 3 July,all,Urocyon,"A very heartwarming, witty and enjoyable title, STORIES: THE PATH OF DESTINIES is perfect for the light RPG enthusiast, casual gamer or fox lover. The soundtrack is wondefully emotional (especally the fleet theme!) The characters are well crafted, stemming in part from the different story paths present in the game to the BRILLIANT narration throughout. That said, there are a few graphical glitches, but those seem few and far between, and although some have complained about long loading times, I've waited far longer for games like Skyrim to load up.All in all, this game has struck me the same way a really good book should, really hope that the developers make a sequel!"
76561198006203911,Recommended,439190,28058745,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,sneakybeater,This game is pretty awesome with just enough depth and a lot of comedy to keep you going through multiple storylines. It's a casual game to kick back for a little bit and not have to try super hard. I had a lot of fun with it.
76561198020134790,Recommended,439190,32858403,Posted: 27 June,all,Ailorn,"I really enjoyed this game. I like the concept of discovering more on subsequent play throughs. It could have more depth than 4 truths. Even so I'm curious about all the outcomes and I enjoyed quite a few of them. It is definatel worth a play, expecially on a steam sale. The fights are fun if a bit button mashy(maybe thats just me) and the control scheme is very akward for keybord (no wasd for movement, but rather right click). Again it is fun and the humor is cute and not tiresome yet."
,Recommended,439190,32912542,Posted: 27 June,all,Bentollini,"I had this game on my wishlist for quite a while, and picked it up for cheap during the Steam Summer Sale. I fell in love with it instantly! The game has humour, character, and certainly replayability. One ""playthrough"" can be pretty short, depending on the choices you make, but you'll be ready to tackle the next one with new knowledge!"
76561198031903858,Recommended,439190,32893076,Posted: 27 June,all,tish,"Beautiful little gem of a game, so glad i stumbled across this on the steam sale, worth every last penny well all 274 at the momentThe overall combat and game mechanics are good but nothing special but the story, the multiple endings and the narrator just make you want to keep playing.In short buy it and enjoy"
,Recommended,439190,32806784,Posted: 26 June,all,Kerry,"Best 5 hours game i have ever played. Good gameplay, good design, good story. im so satisfy with it"
,Recommended,439190,33110973,Posted: 1 July,all,Sub,"I was skeptical about getting this game because it didn't seem like my kinda game but I'm glad I purchased it though because it got me hooked from the start.This game is very underated in my opinion; the game contains so many outcomes it will make your head spin. The game has some really good story/narration and I enjoy the personalities of the characters. Most games now in days fail to develope and create interesting characters/story but this game has both and I can't emphasize that enough. There are plenty abilities and swords that should fit anyone's play style.However, there are a number of issues with the game but mainly its just minor glitches such as the floor not appearing, eleavator freezing, character getting stuck and one time when restarting level it had put me on some random map I didn't leave off on. Something that bugged me from the start was the awful mouse controls, they felt a bit off but after a while maybe you can get use to them, I just ended up using a controller because it felt like that's how the game was intended. Another thing is there are very few graphical settings to choose from. There is only (textures, shaders, shadows, effects, resolution and FXAA on/off. The game is capped at 62 frames per second along with no option to change the refreshrate (for those who have higher than 60hz monitors).Regardless this game is really good and worth the onsale or standard asking price."
,Recommended,439190,33111265,Posted: 1 July,all,mikedabomb000,"This game was a great way to spend a couple hours.  The combat difficulty and complexity scaled well, the story was engaging, and the narrator was awesome.  The core premise of starting over to get information from other branches of the story while still retaining upgrades is a really interesting idea that I thoroughly enjoyed.  There's still room for improvement (sequel please!) in places like level variety (minor spoiler: you end up playing a variation of the final chapter's level in every branch), but I didn't think this detracted too much from my experience."
,Recommended,439190,33490601,Posted: 12 July,all,Ferks,"You're a fox-pirate and play through certain levels depending on what choices you make in the story. I enjoyed the combat, the story, and the different endings. There are a lot of endings, and then the ""true ending"" which you get from following a certain path in the story. All the endings are interesting/funny/enjoyable though.The only problems I have with this game is in order to get all the endings you need to play though the same levels over and over. Which isn't entirely bad, because you'll learn really fast routes and get good at combos, but if there was more randomness to the enemy spawns it would have helped. Also you can't skip the opening dialogue which isn't incredibly long or anything but after you hear it like 20+ times it gets pretty annoying. If I remember correctly, I beat it at around 10 hours? Then the rest of the time was spent getting all the other endings and leveling all the way up to get the final achievement.Good stories, fun but repetitive combat, no missable achievements, cool narrator, few levels, not many enemies, fun but a little lacking in some areas. Overall enjoyable. Buy it when it's on sale ;)"
76561198304860010,Recommended,439190,33047346,Posted: 30 June,all,TOMERATOR,"This Game is beatiful, and the narrator seems so chill.Sadly, The game won't run on a last gen laptop so I can't play it and I will have to refund it.However I bought this game for the multiple endings and I have to say, even though i waited 10 minutes to play 20, I would reccomend this game"
76561198003925238,Recommended,439190,22653377,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Flash Professional CS5,"I finished the game today, though I'm yet to experience every possible storyline.I'd be honest, it has its problems. I've seen a few bugs here and there, and sometimes I felt cheated by the way my choices worked. However, I feel that the gameplay is fluid and interesting enough to get you through the things you need to see and do before you're able to really complete the story (and get a good ending, that is).I see a lot of room for improvement, but I liked the game overall (the writing and the narrator gave it a big boost). It was a fun ride and, at the end of the day, I feel like I got my money's worth out of it."
76561197970674588,Recommended,439190,22655493,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Moriar,"Stories: The Path of Desitinies is an action RPG with a novel looping, branching story structure that the player iteratively follows to advance the overall plot. The excellent and fluid combat dynamics are extremely reminscent of the Batman Arkham series, and lend a visceral satisfaction and a high skill ceiling to the action. The art style is consistent and appealing, and the animations in particular are gratifyingly varied and smooth. The story is compelling and initially extremely enigmatic. By integrating the branching choices into both the game structure and the theme, Stories masterfully avoids the pitfalls of other choice-driven narratives that leave you making independent playthroughs or awkwardly reloading to explore alternate paths.The different levels felt a little sparse at first, but the clever iterations of new pathways, unlocked via the use of new sword types as keys; the gradual scaling of the mobs across playthroughs; and even the variation in view angle of the scene when an area is revisited kept it feeling fresh. The lack of constant looting and mobs in the levels actually helped later in the game, when the motivation of the player changes from geographical exploration to narrative exploration. The narrator really steals the show, voicing all the characters superbly, and taking the tone from darkly serious to absurd and humorous at various times.One complaint is that after your first similar outcome, the game starts guiding you to pathways of choices that are not only unique, but which will drive you very quickly towards the ""ideal"" endgame plot. While this is an excellent feature that will avoid frustration for many, I dearly wish it had been optional. I am sure I will not be alone among players in wishing that I had deduced the correct pathway for myself, rather than being hand-held to it. Up to that point, forcing myself to deviate from my ""natural"" choices, which I followed on my first play-through, had been a rewardingly evocative experience. The almost literal arrows pointing me to the endgame solution undermined this considerably.Overall, a unique concept combined with solid gameplay which will last the average gamer 10-12 hours, with up to 20 hours for the completionist seeking to see every branch of the story."
76561198035101139,Recommended,439190,25956969,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Iceblizard,"A gem that I hope more people find. The gameplay, while decent, is def not the reason to pick this up. The charming story is def the biggest thing about the game. How the game works is you get to pick multiple paths as you go along the story. As you journey along you discover truths, and finally at the end of these journies you can go back to replay knowing what you now know. For example, you may discover something about your companions that will change the paths you pick. New paths also open up you discover these thingsI recommend it for anyone who wants to experience a charming story. If you value gameplay you may want to look somewhere else, but I will say that the gameplay can still be fun. You do gain levels and new abilities/swords"
,Recommended,439190,26075681,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Dragonar,"It's a fun game, it's not very hard, easy to pick up mechanics for combat.Overall I was a little annoyed with some of the repeated stories being unskippable. (Unless I really suck at pressing the B button correctly) But as they were the vitals to the story, perhaps it's best you cannot skip them, they're not very long regardless, but I like to rush through something I've heard already.I really liked the idea of the game, going through multiple stories, having to figure out how you can make it work. I haven't played something like this before but it was pretty nice.I also have to give a thumbs up to the numerous references in the game and the puns/jokes. Loved those."
76561198065195368,Recommended,439190,26952534,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,PaganWarrior,"Very good game.The storytelling is really great and the choises + ending you have/can unlock are nice, but it is a bit short in my oppinion."
76561197983092080,Recommended,439190,27158157,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BlueRayman,"Really enjoyable, a fun story and interesting story telling style.Combat is simple but you still get taken out every now and then.Highly recommended"
,Recommended,439190,27450828,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mistress Alfredo,"This game is extrremely unique and fun. I really enjoy the fact that there arre so many different ways to complete a story, it allows you to see every possible outcome of your decisions. I highly recommend this game! :)The only negatives are that the gamme can be repetative and the load screens take forever."
76561198127027437,Recommended,439190,26738709,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,payback12345,"Pretty good game but I would only get if its on sale.  Story can be pretty short if you find all 4 truths right away.  The swords are pretty much usless except for opening doors, since you can upgrade the hero sword to heal and the others specials arn't really that impressive."
76561198037609652,Recommended,439190,27344511,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sanji,"Entertaining, interesting. I hope there will be more games like this."
76561198018982103,Recommended,439190,27365927,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cephas,"The humor and art style are what make this game rather enjoyable. Its rather short though so I wouldn't recommend it if its not on sale. Combat and movement is a little clunky, although it might feel slightly better with a controller."
,Recommended,439190,33759008,Posted: 23 July,all,Noume-,"Playtime : 6 hoursThis game about a fox named Reynardo that is part of a rebel force fighting against an oppressive Emperor. Reynardo must find the ""true ending."" By doing that, you make choices on what you think might be the right one to choose, and you go into that level. There are 24 endings and 1 True Ending in the game.So if you get other ending than True Ending, you start from the beginning  and make choices on what you want to.But you only need to do 4 of each ""secrets"" to unlock the path to the True EndingGameplay is really bit frustrasting. this gameplay in a third-person perspective. You move Reynardo by right-clicking and holding it, just like DotA 2. and what a bit frustrasting is the combat against enemy AI especially one vs many . You must attack him by right-click on enemy AI what you want to attack. When you win a battle, you get EXP. When you earn enough EXP, you level up and have a point to spend on upgrades.There are 4 swords in the game. The different swords have different abilities, and can open up doors. For example, The ""fire sword"" can only open up the orange doors. For combat, The ""Fire sword"" can unleash fire on enemy AI.There is also gems that can be socketed into your gloves to add certain effect, such as move speed, crit chance, etc.Pros:+ Good story telling+ Fun Characters+ Good graphic+ Good music+ Replay value, the game has 24 endings and 1 true ending. each of 24 endings is a little bit similar in certain way,Mixeds:+- The Combat is a bit frustrating, maybe because i'm using a keyboard lol+- Repetitive dungeon but still not badCons:- Loading Screens too long- Lack of enemy variations, total there are only 3-4 kinds of enemiesIf you liked Telltale games and Batman, you'll probably like this."
76561198044953604,Recommended,439190,30018145,Posted: 18 February,all,Steffen,"Path of Destinies is a fun game. The Narrator is probably the best about the game and did a fairly awesome job. Might just be one of the - if not THE - best narration I had so far. (In terms of the more joking and satirical narration)And the references are great. From movies and games to common phrases and riddles everything is in there and I bet I missed much of it either because I haven't come by the reference as of yet or because I didn't realize it as a reference.And I like the basic idea of the game. You just try'n'die gathering information and learning so called truths which eventually help you avoid mistakes you made before.The graphics are decent, no real complaints from me on that front.I have only two little things to hold against the game:First thing is that the game is rather short. even if you take your sweet time the game is beatable within 5 hours, no problem. You can take plenty more paths through the book getting to know more details and just go look what would have happend BUTsecondly: while the gameplay is fun and fast paced, it is the ever same thing over and over again. Considering that it is fast paced you get lots of combat per hour each being the same. That makes the game repetitive and makes you at some point reconsider if you really want to go another round just to get a little detail.Don't get me wrong here, I very much liked the game and had quite some fun. Especially with the Narrator.But the game is really short. Path of Destinies will probably be a bit more pricey on the money per playtime scale but I think it well worth it's money."
,Recommended,439190,23759310,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Cane McKeyton,"A fun action RPG/brawler with an interesting groundhog’s day type story of having to relive the same adventure over and over again but trying to change the outcome, taking what you’ve learned from previous runs and making different choices to find the right path that finally works. It’s a very light hearted game that jokes… a lot. Depending on your sense of humor the jokes will either keep you constantly laughing or groaning. My main complaint is the game is optimized like poop. You have bare minimal options to change the graphics and even on minimal setting the game does chug. Also remappable controls would have been really nice for a game like this but that isn’t an option. Also I have run into a handful of bugs, like getting stuck in areas, unable to move and having to just restart a level from the beginning. Overall, I find the game has great potential but still needs just a little more polish. I’d still recommend it, especially on sale."
,Recommended,439190,24086177,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Kanel,"Not gonna lie, i was immensely put off how cheesy and almost eye rolling the monologuing and character(s) were through the story at the start. But oh boy, am I glad I stuck around and continued to play through it. Though it still had it's cheese moments, the game and it's story trully shined so much more as you progressed. (Eventually even got a good laugh and dumb smile out of me here and there) Without spoiling too much, it was a nice adventure that I don't think i'll be forgetting anytime soon. It trully was a neat little gem and i'm extremly happy to have stumbled onto!"
76561198007245094,Recommended,439190,33288861,Posted: 5 July,all,WarLord,"I bought this game doing steam's summer sale for 3,74€Worth every cent.Would I have bought it for 14,99€?I would have been highly skeptícal, even when highly suggested by 2 friends.But now that I have tried 5 different endings out of what, 20 possible ""fail"" endings + 1 ""real"" ending.If I had the money I would have bought the game again at full price just ot support the developers.The game is just amazing, I love how you can win the game so many times yet fail the story again and again xDand every time you play the story with new choices you unlock new paths and new ways to become more and more awesome.On top of that the narrator is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing xD he cracks me up on everyplay with his small weird/funny og stupid comments.CONCLUSION.8/10.Wished the story was longer, but it actually is, if you are willing to try again and again to try all the different combinations you can do.If you liek story driven games, highly recommended. Good story. Solid game."
76561198026873914,Recommended,439190,24209726,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Ghouleh,"That was a fun romp!Let's just get the negative points out of the way:CONS* The gameplay is repetitive by nature. You'll be visiting the same environments over and over again, and facing the same ~5 enemies nonstop. Very few things change in the actual gameplay from one story path to the next. I didn't have a problem with that, but I understand if some people did.* There were a few very annoying bugs. I've had problems with the Void Blade where my movement speed was permanently doubled - which, I admit, was a welcome bug - ....and also times where it was permanently halved, which sucked. Most egregious was the fact that, in the last choice of the Hero Path (the 'true ending' so to speak), I deliberately picked the wrong choice to see what would happen. Then, instead of getting booted to the last checkpoint or even the beginning of the level - the game kept on as if I had chosen the right choice, whilst skipping the entire story sequence to give me the context for the final level. A friend of mine also said he had enemies being trapped on unreachable terrain, though I didn't experience that myself.* The starting story sequence is unskippable. That doesn't sound like a huge issue, especially when the narration is so good, but by the 5th time you just want to get on to the gameplay, especially if you're going for all 20+ endings. While I agree that more swords might not be reasonable to ask for, I feel that adding more tiers to existing swords and gems can't be all that hard, even if they're just flat effectiveness upgrades.* The progression system is very short, with swords and (useful) skills capping out very early. It was clearly made for a playthrough no larger than ~5 runs. There should be actual gameplay rewards for going for full story completion, other than slowly grinding away at the level bar to pick from the skills you're not interested in in the first place. After you've maxed out your swords, chests give off only a few scraps of health. At the very least they should also offer sword energy.* Combat checkpoints are excellent, but story checkpoints are seriously lacking. There are a few choices which result in instant Game Overs. This is fine. What isn't fine is that you're booted back to the start of the level, while dying in combat respawns you right before where you died.* The True Ending is fairly straightforward, and isn't any more involved than any one of the story paths. This isn't a problem for me, but many people expect big twists at the end nowadays.PROS* The narration, just - the narration. I'm talking Bastion-level narration here. The narrator goes to lengths to properly voice every single character, and it works beautifully.* A game where your choices ACTUALLY MATTER! Every single one of them, taking you through a completely different path, every permutation resulting in an unique ending tailored to your choices.* Charming cartoony artstyle, contrasting with a surprisingly grimdark setting and story. Not something you see every day, and very much a welcome change of pace.* Lots and lots of story, interspersed in bite-sized chunks throughout the in-game narration, cutscenes and choices. It never feels like too much, and always makes you interested in more.* Surprisingly good combat. It's fast-paced and fluid, and once you get in the groove of it, you're dashing and slashing, pirouetting, grabbing and throwing and hooking and casting a couple spells for good measure. The only thing that breaks the flow of the combat are the explosive ravens, which are annoying, but understantable as a mechanism to force you to pay attention to your surroundings.* Beautiful environments and clever level design. The 'floating island' nature of the game's setting makes so levels can have a high amount of verticality, and through shortcut doors, hook-points, floating platforms and teleporters, they can twist around themselves, making them fun to traverse, whilst never making you feel like you're lost, always funneling you where you need to go when you least expect it.* Music is top-notch. Not much to say beyond that."
,Recommended,439190,33064165,Posted: 30 June,all,Radishman13,"Decent Game, Has Some Problems - 6.5/10Stories is overall a fun game with a good concept, although the game itself has a few bugs that prove frustrating.The combat isn't complicated, resembling the free-flow combat found in games like the Batman: Arkham series, although a few of the character's movements don't always work correctly.  Also, there were a few moments (typically around the large spiral staircases) where the terrain would disappear and I had to 'feel' my way around to obstacles.Story-wise the game gives the player a choice at the end of each chapter, and these choices determine what 'truth' you discover about the storyline on each approach.  The levels can be a bit repetitive, although the developer did a good job of making shorter paths available for the player once higher levels are reached.Overall, if you'd like to play a casual game with a fairly entertaining story, and you can see past the glitches, I would suggest you buy this game.  However, if you tend to get easily frustrated by the occasional disappearing terrain, movement glitches, or by playing the same 5 or 6 levels (basically) multiple times, then I suggest you look elsewhere.Rating: 6.5/10 - Wait for a sale"
76561198006329212,Recommended,439190,28992007,Posted: 3 January,all,Simon,"So many things are great about this game:The approach to encourage replayability, the Arkham-style battle flow, the level design, the fair checkpoints and the hook is fun, too. The narrator is also doing a great job. I’m still not getting tired of his comments.My only complaints would be that due to too much visual effects during battle, the fighting is more confusing than it should and could be. Also due to some glitches I got stuck 5 times so far and had to restart those chapters since you can’t reload the last checkpoint."
,Recommended,439190,35401532,Posted: 1 October,all,Fear Not,"The concept itself is so fun and novel (no pun intended) that I think it's worth a playthrough on that, alone."
,Recommended,439190,35314751,Posted: 29 September,all,Revisor,"A fun, simple action RPG with great and innovative storytelling.Gameplay-wise this is a simple action RPG. You have a basic attack, dash, hookshot, four spells and a combo meter. You must time your attacks right in order to get the combo meter high and unleash more powerful skills. There is a simple upgrade system which gives you one skill point on each level-up.There are a few usability shortcomings:You can only move with the mouse, not with a keyboardThe keys cannot be remappedSome dialogue cannot be skippedWhere the game shines, however, is its storytelling. It tells the story in a way that no other medium can, only computer games. Without wanting to spoil much, the game offers a combination of choose-your-own-adventure, where you make a few key choices, and an unreliable narrator, whose lies/mistakes you slowly uncover.It's hard to tell more without spoiling it but once I understood what the game did, I smiled from ear to ear.The writing seemed a bit too ironic and self-aware at first, but it quickly grew on me and later it even showed interesting nuance.The gameplay is fun despite the above mentioned shortcomings and it was a pleasure to go through the story to the very end.Stories: Path of Destinies is in my opinion a hidden gem of a game. I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,439190,28109424,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Foxx,"Man I'm loving this game, and i can see why when recommending it to me Soryane said the main chara reminded her of me (or my D&D chara).Action adventure game where you play a heroic Fox trying to defeat the evil emperor.  Various story paths leading you to different endings, most of which end quite baddly for our Fox.  Well, till you unlock the good ending by learning secrets they'll all end baddly for our Fox.  Learn secrets by finishing the ending on one of 4 rows, each row will give you a secret.Love the naration, good old-school hack and slashing, multiple paths on each level.  And of course, Main character is a Fox which, naturally, earns quite a bit of good will from me."
,Recommended,439190,22435899,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,J.J Leroy,"Fun game! enjoyable combat,intresting and funny story points. 25 endings if your willing to put the time into if not then thats ok the game is still great!mmy only issue with the game is as someone who went trough and did all the endings there were periods where i wished i could just skip.somethings are skipable some aren't it be nice if alot more were lol.but overall a great game for the price 8/10 worth it!"
,Recommended,439190,22436546,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,ZEOM,"I would buy it in one of the big sales because as much as I would like to recommand it in full price this game is really short==pros==+great narrator+visually stunning effects+ great story line+ amuzing pop culture jokes==cons==-short game-minnor bugs at lunch-simple combat system-unbalanced equipmentthis game is a great buy but sadly not at full price , it is a great experience then a game and as such it is defently worth it , but be aware that it is a costly one"
,Recommended,439190,22462174,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Prinz Kasper,"Ignore the playtime that steam says, I played this game for about 5 hours but for some reason it wasn't tracked.The game is great! All concerns I had with it initially have been patched out and what's left is a very charming single player experience that puts you in charge.Granted, the game is not perfect, the combat could have more depth, your gear is maxed out relatively quickly while your level is not and the last chapter of every playthrough gets a little repetitive, but overall those are rather minor nitpicks in what is otherwise a very enjoyable indie title, well worth it's price."
,Recommended,439190,22479032,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,ShoNuff,Really enjoyed this.  Solid ARPG combat and the branching narrative / Groundhog Day theme was really unique.  Wish more games would incorporate this sort of storytelling.
,Recommended,439190,22451926,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Thyaris,"This is one of the best games ever, if not the best I've ever played.You like Zelda?♥♥♥♥ Zelda, this is the real♥♥♥♥♥♥If you like awesome graphics, fast and intense battles and an awesome story line, play this game.It's worth every cent.Localization (translations to other languages) is awesome.The narrator is only available for english by now, but his voice is very pleasing to the ear.He also not only attends you through the whole story,but he also tells some random facts, e.g. if you dash through the whole game, at some point he will give you some line saying things like: Dashing is very important for your health.It's similar to the narrator from ""The Stanley Parable"" I think.This is one of the games, where you start playing from the beginning if you finished one ""sub-story"".You play your storyline and make your decisions, and at the end, you will start over, with different paths you can choose, more possibilities beacause of your knowledge from the previous storylines you've played, and so on.What surprised me and I like best about this game is, that you are shown which decisions you've already made and which paths you have choosen by now, so that you can avoid choosing the same path twice or thrice by accident.This game has a pretty nice skill and ability system. It's very balanced, but though not too easy to defeat your enemies.The system is very simple and thus easy to understand. You have to gather resources (ore and crystals), with which you can upgrade your character.I have played this game for about 5 hours by now, and I only reached 5 of the 25 possible endings."
,Recommended,439190,22465241,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Scaily,like adventure enjoy games were your choices matter? like ravens and frogs rabbits and cats and a hero thats a fox?  enjoy steam punkesk styled worlds with floating islands? thin this is a game for you .iv had only onew issue withthe game and thats because i alt tabed out XDmoment wise it says optomized for controlers but the way it moves sometimes isnt exactly spot on all in all its a good gamerecomended for those with a few exstra bucks on hand and the need to relax 9.5/10 ^^
,Recommended,439190,22441861,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Gunpuppy,"Story-driven, artistically astounding, beautifully voice-acted, responsive combat... this game is great.My biggest complain is the lack of more in-depth graphic options, and lack of a 1440p and 2160p resolution settings.And be prepared for puns, references to multiple other games and geek culture in general, and some just plain old silliness.Definitely a must-buy!"
,Recommended,439190,22479690,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,The Bosinator,"An amazing and innivative game. A fun fighting system which relies on timing and a narrator with both humor and enthusiasm.Its well worth the money, and even though it's a kind of short game there are still much to explore even after one of the end scenes."
,Recommended,439190,32911986,Posted: 27 June,all,Reed7742,"I picked this up for a steal during the summer sale ($3.74), but that being said, it is worth the full price. I've only played through one of the arcs, but it has an incredibly interesting arc and the narration is fantastic. The combat is a little lacking, but it's pretty to look at and really interesting to play."
76561198014499343,Recommended,439190,34117992,Posted: 8 August,all,Skarlath60,"I loved this game. I found this game through the super best friends playing it through a sponsored video and I was immediately interested when I found out the game's time gimmick.- The story. This is the real thing that stands out. Every playthrough you can get different endings which gives the character knowledge on how he can succeed in his quest. I loved going through the book over and over again trying to find the right path and unlocking the different truths and endings. This got a little grindy at the end but the game puts shortcuts that you can use to let you skip battles and gain loot. The quest for the true ending was thoroughly fun for me but I can see it getting repetitive for others.- The combat system is fun and fast paced. By the end, I really felt like I was using every skill I had to efficiently take out bad guys. There are a lot of skills you can specialize into such as grappling hook or dashing. Each has its uses and I thoroughly enjoyed going through the different trees. Things do get a bit messy when a lot of enemies get on screen and multiple enemies attack you at the same time but the chaos is all part of the fun.-The crafting system in the game was a bit lackluster but it did have cool parts about it. You get ore and elemental essence to craft different swords. The swords themselves offer some interesting magic mechanics but the main thing you use them for is unlocking different doors. The different doors offer alternate paths through the game which can lead you to shortcuts or to better loot. I found the sword magic to not be all that useful so after I unlocked all the swords, I found myself skipping chests and going straight for the story.- The graphics are lush and colorful. The graphics are a bit intensive for an indie game. I had to play the game on medium/low in order to get smooth framerates during big battles. However, there's a lot of nice touches such as the main character actually leaning in the direction that you move him.Overall: 9.5/10I wish it was longer since there's no other game like it."
,Recommended,439190,34709787,Posted: 3 September,all,Fly,Just a beautiful game with interesting concept. Self-irony and narrator make it even more fun experience.And I haven't encountered any bugs that some people are talking about in negative reviews.
76561197972142700,Not Recommended,439190,33771843,Posted: 24 July,all,Arthy,Lot of game breaking bugs (graphics not adjustable if 3440x1440; stuck in snow a few times and had to restart; very long load times even on top of the line PC
,Not Recommended,439190,33645627,Posted: 18 July,all,RED Floyd /(Weber)\,"Have I ever told you the definition of insanity?Stories was advertised as a game where every playthrough is different.Least, thats what I was told. Really its repetitive, same map every time, different ending, with each one being a bit predictable until you get the true ending.I'm getting ahead of myself I think so I'm just gonna run a list of things I have issue with such as the fact treasure chests are nigh useless within a few playthroughs, as swords get upgraded fairly fast and chances are you'll find all the gems even faster. So at that point its remembering which door will let you cut through half the map because theres nothing more unfun than the repetition.And speaking of unfun! The Narrator! He needs to shut up, I think that would be absolutely lovely if he only gave me new info and not pop culture references every 10 seconds, or if he talked faster for that record, I mean you can turn off the narrator but then that leaves the subtitles, so I think just turn both off would be pleasent.I gotta say though, I didn't complete every single ending because the game doesn't feature that much variation or interest in each individual ending that I don't feel its worth getting each one, I get thats the appeal but the repetition of the game itself makes it feel like a chore.Even battling is a chore, where it got to the point I just worked it to insta-kill the enemy every time, the combat style is like Batman: Arkham style but less fun.The story itself is ok I guess. Only really worth it with the true ending.I got a kick though when the narrator said ""Reynardo had an idea, what if he changed the puzzle every time he saw it! That would be really interesting."" Why yes narrator, it would be, wonder why it's not a thing.Final score: Too repetitive. Feels like the definition of insanity."
76561197967654397,Recommended,439190,33347853,Posted: 7 July,all,Lakrits,Fantastic action-RPG!
76561198067851126,Recommended,439190,31244132,Posted: 19 April,all,Dread Baron Beardly,"This game gets a thumbs up. The art style and narration is quite good and the game is fun and interesting. It is a good story to get lost in and the mechanic of repeating the same story with different decisions is very well done and does not get repetitive or old. The RPG level up system is fine and going back to old areas with new skills is satisfying.The combat, for the most part, is good. I say for the most part because it does have some frustrating aspects. For one, counterattacking seems to be an important mechanic in the combat system. Many enemies though will not pop the excalmation mark that you are supposed to be watching for to counter and frequently several enemies will attack at the same time or very close to eachother which renders all attacks un-counterable. It is kind of hard to explain but in practice it is pretty frustrating."
,Recommended,439190,29809786,Posted: 9 February,all,99,mind blower! totally worth it10/10
76561198037067374,Recommended,439190,22481828,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,DPH,"TL;DR: A fun game that missed out on the potential for greatness, buy it on sale for $10 or less.Full Review:Stories: The Paths of Destiny puts you in control of a daring mercenary/rebel/pirate? fox as he tries to defeat an empire and save the rebellion. You fail. Then you try again, branching choose your own adventure style, til you find the 'True Ending' save the empire, get the girl, et al.Basic gameplay works well, you wander through levels fighting enemies, there are multiple paths through most levels unlocked by different swords you can craft, but more on that later.Combat is fun and fluid though with certain upgrades (Shieldripper gem I'm looking at you) becomes too simple. When you come to enemies on your path you get locked in arena style until you defeat them, after defeating them you're given a score (and associated xp) based on style and whether you got hit or not. The combat is rythmic attack-attack-counter-attack-throw-etc. The timing is not so exacting to make it impossible though getting perfect rounds with great style or more is appropriately difficult.Skill Tree: As you gain xp you gain levels and skill points to spend on a wide array of useful upgrades, relatively standard but the upgrades seem well thought out and work quite well.Crafting: This is the place where I feel the most potential was missed. There are four swords and several gems to be crafted , found and upgraded. Early in the game I found the desire to upgrade driving my exploration within each level unfortunately before I finished my third 'story' (it takes a minimum of five to get the 'True Ending') I had found and upgraded everything possible. A more in depth crafting system would have significantly driven up replay value.Narration: This one will probably depend on the person. I found it to be generally humorous, though the inability to skip certain cutscenes (especially the n-th time youve seen it) is a real flaw.Puzzles: There in name only, the puzzles are so simple that they shouldn't really count as puzzles.Underused concepts:The hookshot, used for navigation. I would have loved to see some challenge maps or sections of the real game where you're not just hooking between stationary platforms.The floating eyeballs, again they're interesting but when you run into them it's too easy to get by. Challenge maps or just more difficult encounters would be grand.Crafting as discussed above.In short this game would benefit greatly from some reasons to keep playing after finding the 'True Ending.' Specifically challenge maps and a deeper crafting system, and making the overall game more difficult"
76561198018694762,Recommended,439190,22390903,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Poken,"Honestly I've put in quite a bit of time on the game and after going through 9 different stories I have to say this. The game has amazing replay value BUT skipping through beginning narrations that you've heard a million times before would be much appreciated as I have sat through that beginning too many times. Also, most of the time on this game is logged from long loading screens and narration you've heard before. Also, I was really disappointed that there weren't any boss fights, like I was looking forward to getting to take on the emperor or something instead of being told what happened. The enemies get really repetetive as well.Spoilers***After I completed the game I got both the lightened iblis stone that had absorbed the power of the core and the weapon. I dunno if I'm suppossed to have these or what but what I've come to honestly hate is the floating weapon that targets randomly and cancels my combo. It takes away from the gameplay for me and makes it less fun. Seriously there needs to be an option to remove that thing.Another thing, the friggen optimization makes the framerate on my computer go bonkers. I literally had to take the quality down. This also impedes on fights and is super annoying.Also, what's up with only being able to upgrade my swords twice? Did you guys just decide that you didn't feel like giving it a better look or ability? There's also the bottleneck effect with leveling. It was a pain just to reach level 24 and by the end of all the playthroughs I'll have reached like 30+, which is dumb considering you literally mow through the basic mobs. Also, the gems just stop at 3? The upgrade value for equipment was seriously skewed and I expected more.Well those are all my complaints.The game has a ton of replay value and the feel is pretty nice but after about 12 hours you're asking yourself why you are putting yourself through cut scenes that literally waste about 20 minutes of each playthrough. The music is nice and gives it a nice fantasy feel and the skills are interesting. Leveling after level 20 is a pain but you probably won't play for that long unless you're really bored. Still, I like the game and it kinda rubs off on ya. Is it worth it while its on sale? Yeah, sure. I mean, I bought it and I'm not too unhappy with my purchase."
76561197970718210,Recommended,439190,23608345,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,OneSan,"Very enjoyable.  Fun setting and an interesting 'choose your own adventure' style story mechanic.  Unless you dislike talking animals or airships, check it out."
76561197995058847,Not Recommended,439190,34218677,Posted: 13 August,all,Desertwolf,"Game looks great, but you can't play it on an ultrawide monitor, it cuts off the menus/insturctions. Can't even change the resolution because the menus are cut off."
,Recommended,439190,22727097,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Darkfox,Fun game with cool story mechanics.
,Recommended,439190,22476858,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Accelerator(Sentinal),"Pros:i love this game with the different path way to chose, mistakes after mistakes go back and change again and again.Satisfying Ending Story telling.Cons:Bugs bugs everywhere. Have to restart again, more more coming out.Stuck on floor, pylon hook, freeze on some action. Last Fatel error can crach on 3 times during my first play through.*With my patient and eager to view the truth story i widthstand all the bugs and restart the game over and over around 20+ times. But in the end, it worth it."
,Recommended,439190,22416491,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,[VA]Strikes,"Spendid storytelling and 'live' narration. The art style chosen does the game proud and makes for a very enjoyable play session. I do highly recommend the game, it's priced very well and I'd call it a ""Hidden Gem"" of 2016 for sure. Price is perfect for the game as the developers earned every dime for this job well done. This is a very unique way of telling a 'story' in a game, and I hope they release more stories with this exact technique; can easily become the next 'Final Fantasy' og series that is always an instant-buy for me.The manner in which you build your character and swords is simple and rewarding. It's a 'mostly' stress-free play experience with plenty of chuckles along the way. The combat is engaging and well done; however I'd ask the Developers do a better job at highlighting when monsters are about to attack. The ""Grey"" !-mark can get drowned out in certain environments that are also grey in color scheme. You can watch a recording of one of my Streaming Sessions over atwww.YouTube.com/StrikesVAunder videos. (I don't like to post the entire game so people don't only watch it, instead of buying it. Sorry!)My only 'Con' is that the re-telling of the stories does start to get rather dulling. Once you get the 'gist' of what's going on... I feel that more change is needed, in some manner... to keep things interesting. They attempted to add just 'more monsters' to fight.. but that seems to have generally hit a cap, and I'm only at about 6 stories of (guessing) about 20 to do. The more I 'drone on' to try and complete all the potential stories.. the less 'thrilled' I am about playing the game further. I also wish that Gems and Sword Upgrades would continue on... I've already found them all (it seems) and unlocked all the Swords, and I've still got over half of the Stories to complete.Update: Playing in 1-2 hour sessions certainly seems to help me, personally. As every time I come back and pick it up and I'm more engaged with the story and the re-telling. I think the above statement was just because I was on a 4+ hour straight kick with the game."
76561198103502478,Recommended,439190,22383990,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,BestRICEcooker,What does the fox say?(Another fox and bunny story ehha?)
76561198070985798,Recommended,439190,22634492,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Nevin,What I think about this game.Stories: The Path of Destinies Review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9XhJtt0-63w
76561198020771419,Not Recommended,439190,33120814,Posted: 2 July,all,yBe,"Okay, so the battle system is great, graphics are too, the available skills are ... ""okay"" pretty much one button batman style, but the rest is a con:-tries to be Bastion-very short levels - so much talking...-unloveable characters, that feel like they are constantly mean to each other (or should I say very bad, dark humor?)-the ""mean"" story choices seem to be the better ones, as your ""friends"" are mostly useless ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s-the storyteller tries so hard to be funny, it's unbearable (That chest was ORE-some! Get it? See what I did there?)-storytellers voice doesn't fit.-no moving camera when switching planes through teleporters in levels distorts the feeling of where you are, so you're feeling lost or like exploration doesn't matter-oh well, doesn't matter anyway, because you're constantly standing in front of looked doors which can be probably unlocked after you visit the place a few more times later......so many bad design choices..."
76561198085209563,Recommended,439190,22402782,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,shaddywoohooman,"Great game but repetitive.It sounded as if there was only 1 right ending to get which is true, however, I was expecting the true ending to be something hard to get. I assumed that you just had to keep trying out different choices till you found the right ending but no.Either way I think I got my moneys worth out of it."
,Recommended,439190,22400966,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Squeeze,
,Recommended,439190,29006982,Posted: 4 January,all,Cinnamon,"I have to give this game a 10/10! It was recommended to me by a friend and I'm so glad I picked it up. Excellent all around! I have just got the good ending after 6 hours and I'm tempted to go back and reveal all the possible paths!Gameplay 10Music 10SFX 10Fun 10Replayability 10Beautifully crafted, thank you so much!"
,Recommended,439190,23885667,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,IVAR the boneless,i hope they have more option for control
,Recommended,439190,23786314,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Greaves,"In this choose your own adventure style action RPG, you lead the dashing rogue Reynaldo the fox through dozens of different stories and locations as he tries to recall his past. You have to make choices as to your next step, and every choice leads to a (usually disastrous) different ending. As a story ends, you start over (usually on different locations as to keep it interesting) and make different choices to unlock more secrets (which presumably lead to the real story, as you unlock them all).Each story lasts about an hour, so they're nicely sized to do one per sitting. The narrator usually employs dry humor, lots of media references and puns, and usually messes with you for the choices you made. There's a decently sized skill-tree in which you unlock more and more as you progress through different stories. You can also craft and upgrade different swords for different combat effects and unlocking more paths (they also act as keys). The movement and combat itself is a bit clunky (m/kb) but works well enough to be enjoyable. You move and fight mostly with your mouse, but use a couple of keyboard buttons as you unlock more skills. You can't seem to rebind the buttons, which is a bit annoying as they're not very conveniently placed imo.Overall i'm enjoying this game enough to recommend it.Tl,dr: Fun narration and story, lots of replayability (the game is designed around it), combat is a bit clunky on m/kb but still enjoyable."
,Recommended,439190,29392676,Posted: 21 January,all,Diam,"One of my favorite games, ever, Fantastic, and quirky Narrator, mixed with beautiful graphics, great humour, and a great story. The Combat got a little dull after awhile, though, and maybe going through each line to find the right path is kinda, dull as well after awhile- But, the combat was still fantastic as well, very well done, not too hard, not too easy.All in all- 8/10 for this game, not everything was perfect, was a little short, too, But, still an amazing, and well done game."
,Recommended,439190,28178692,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Triplefire Games,"It makes real fun to play this game.Every choice you make, has its own consequences.The story is short, but each time different.The story is also very nice to play."
,Recommended,439190,25481698,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,raf!,"Stories is one of those games you purchase expecting a few hours of gameplay and a good laugh or two over a layer of sweet good gameplay. Turns out that the game ended up becoming a very special memory in my 'gaming life'. Why? Wonderful writing.You watched the trailers, right? In Stories, you play as a renegade fox, Reynardo, who's a skilled swordsman. First thumbs up for giving you the control of an older character (compared to the classic youngsters in adventure games) with his past and flaws. Reynardo is full of personality, and his witty remarks gave me good laughs throughout the game.Fortunately, Stories is not just about clever remakes, bad puns and animal jokes. The stories you can play through dwell much deeper, and soon you will find yourself in some bad predicaments. Depth is what I want to point out in this game. It doesn't take violence lightly, and while in one moment you will be slashing and hakcing your way past your foes, other times the game will show you the consequences of your bloodthirst. I can't tell much further because I don't want to spoil your experience. The stories are all wonderful, exciting, true adventure right out of the best ""choose-your-own-adventure"" books like those written by Ian Livingstone.Looking past the writing, Stories is a simple game that is a joy to play. Not difficult AT ALL, in fact very easy, so if you fancy a hard challenge I'd suggest playing something else. Visuals are great, but the game is hard on your PC specs. I've been playing games such as Division and The Witcher 3, and Stories is running on its lowest settings. Audio is great: the music is good, relaxing, and the voice act, in my humble opion, is on par with recent classic such as Bastion and The Stanley Parable. The narrator, who also voices the characters, will be your companion throughout the game, telling you more about the world and the characters. There are plenty of bugs, none of them game breaking, though. Still, the game could do with a little bit of polish to be just perfect.All in all, Reynardo, the isles of Boreas and all the other characters have a very special place in my heart and I don't think I will ever forget the adventure we've been through. This game reminds me of why I love videogames so much. <3"
76561197962076591,Recommended,439190,25523584,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Iron Wolf,"Alright, So this one is a bit of a fun one to review. Ok, so the first question is ""Is it good?"" Yes...and no. It really will depend on the whos playing this one. The game can actually be 'beaten' fairly quickly, but if you really want to see all the endings, thats going to take a bit of time. The endings are all kind of interesting, some funny some kind of cool. Its a game essentially where you learn how to ♥♥♥♥ up 24 different ways.One of hte problem is, itll require a lot of retreading old ground. Now, if your fine with a bit of grind, than its no big deal. Youll get your powerups mostly maxed well before you actually see all the endings, so by then you just speed run through things. But youll have to retread teh same ground quite a bit.As for gameplay, its fairly fun and fluid, easy to pick up, and is really just timing based. Even when you start off, you can get through most stuff without taking any damage if your paying attention and sharp. They do ramp up the difficulty a tad bit as you progress, with them giving you harder enemies and more of them to a point. But once you max out, it doesnt matter. Again, after a certain point, its just speed running to see the different endings. But its not bad, fun enough to keep you occupied.Now there is a kind of drawback that Im sure other reviewers mentioned. The game has some peculiar bugs. From my playthroughs, almost all of them arent game breaking. They just result in some really unusual quirks here and there, some which you can abuse to help you along faster. There was only one time when the game bugged out completely and I got insta-gibbed by being locked in place. Typically, that was the kind of bug I would run into, being partially stuck, but could break free of it using about any skill or dash, so you for the most part wont get screwed over. Is it something they need to patch? Yeah, they should really be fixing that. Is it absolutely game breakingly bad? No, just a bit annoying here and there. Considering hte price of this game, I think its alright. Its nto a $60 title, so its bound to have a bit of hiccups. And while I expect great A quality, Im not paying out the nose, so if its a tad rough around the edges, Im alright with that.So should you play it? Eh yeah, its kind of cool how they made it work, and the pricing is fairly cheap. The art style is also fun I think. Dont expect it to be game changing or world breakingly awesome, but its got some level of charm to it. If youre really against grinding, but want to see the endings and how they break down, Im sure you can youtube that if need be. Otherwise you can speed run stuff after a certain point and just plow through it."
,Recommended,439190,22560731,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Skullious,Great Game!(Hi from Digital Confectioners)
76561198024468796,Recommended,439190,32921021,Posted: 28 June,all,Babby Legs,"So far AMAZING! For the sale price this game is GREAT!! I mean even without the sale price this game is great. There is like 25 endings and some cool weapon variations. I mean so far I have not faced any bosses atm, which to me is a downer. Besides that bump in the road this game is visually and musically beautiful. The game's narrator does a great job. Kinda has like a rezero feel to it with the constant dieing and trying to fix it so it's perfect. A Great game pick this up for that awsome sale price and you will not regret!"
76561198067038661,Recommended,439190,26076934,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Dartless,"Excellent combat system and animation.Story system is kinda weird at first, but you get used to it.Great game for the buy."
,Recommended,439190,26193024,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Larexus,"Stories is designed to make you play through the game more than once to fully understand the true story, which is a great thing since the Dialogue and Narrator are great.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oyPvVVvmglgGameplayThe game is a top down adventure game in most aspects, however in between levels it will have you make a story decision, this decision will then determine which level you are sent too. Thier are multipul paths that will lead through the story which all depends on your choices, each playthrough being around 5 Chapters, which is basically just 5 levels, most stages unfortunately are reused on every playthrough, however sometimes with a spin depending on your decisions. Everytime you make it through the story you learn something new and may even unlock more choices, which may lead you to one of the truths, find all 4 truths and the Key story will be unlocked. Grinding playthroughs to unlock the truths can start to feel repetitive for sure due to the lack of different stages, however the narrator makes up for it for sure.The combat in the game is very basic, you can unlock more abilites to help you out, however most of them are very miniscule and only change the combat very slightly. The most useful skill was dashing for sure just do to the time save it creates. Most of the time you'll just be spamming X, or throwing enemies off the cliff. There is only 4 different enemies in the game which is kind of a shame would of been nice to see some variety but it fits the story. Their are 4 different swords in the game for you to use in combat as well as to unlock special doors with, each has their own ability however I rarely used it because the sword charge ran out so fast and the attacks jsut felt overall not needed. When your not in combat you are basically just running through the level listening to the Narrator sometimes with some small platforming sections and every once in a while a very simplistic puzzle(and I mean very simple).GraphicsThe visuals are gorgeous, the characters are well designed and the world is actually quite interesting. The book art is well drawn and definitely helps bring in the story aspect of the game. The stages look very beautiful, definitely some eye candy throughout, however after a few runs you may start to become a little annoyed at the small variety of levels. The game also runs very well and doesnt seem to be very demanding on your system.AudioThe Audio in this game is easily its strongest part. The Narrator who tells the story delivers his lines spot on and really does a good job of sucking you into the story with voices, emotion, and even comedy. The narrator even has a lot of hidden dialogue to discover, such us if you spin in one place, or dash a lot, he will make comedic remarks towards you.The Music is very good and does a good job of setting up the emotion. The combat music is great, the menu music is awesome, Overall the Music is just really well done.SummaryThis is one of those games that caught me off guard, meaning I had no expectation for it going in and it ended up being very good, I recommend people who are fans of story based games check out for sure. The mutiple paths are really well written and the Narrator does a very good job of delivering his lines, keeping you interested in the story. The art and visuals are well done which is good because the combat is a little dissapointing, mainly consisting of spamming one button and basic character upgrades, however don't let that turn you away because the story is definitely worth checking out."
76561198043677495,Recommended,439190,26310798,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,SirJimmaras,"Create-your-story type of game. Cool and fun, but little."
76561198142430126,Recommended,439190,26653216,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,kesloch,"awsome art work, great storie telling, and great new cobat system that will keep you playing than this game is for you. im planing to make a more detiled review on my youtube chanel when ever i can start to use my editing software and obs (open brodcast software) and my art and animaion software such as inkskape, sinfig drawing program, gimp photo editer, pics reizer,and blender animaiton, and my editors are lightworks which i use depending on my mood or hitfilm 4 exprese which i plan to upgrad to ether sony vagas pro suite or all of avids pro tools line up or adobies line up of programs. but evey way the reason i put this into the revew of this game is because when i get my chnel up and runing agin i will do a more detailed revew of this game that will show more of the good and bad parts of this game. and the reasons id recomed this game. and the wole reason i put this i the revew was beacause i was just wanting to informe some people on why im not posting eneything on my chanel and the reason i deleted everything was cus i dident like eney of it eney way gays sorie for including this whole thing in the revew that had nothing to do with the game but this is i my oppion the best way to say it. i senserley apoligize for that."
,Recommended,439190,33773496,Posted: 24 July,all,yed_,"Played only one hour so fur, but it has really funny storytelling, good plot-twist(s), and nice replayability. Go for it."
76561197997161576,Recommended,439190,33990579,Posted: 3 August,all,Lire csgoatse.com,10/10 Very good plot twists and graphicsEven cried
76561198025148070,Recommended,439190,22383556,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,EclipsedHusky,"At first glance the game looks a bit cute, even a bit hand holding. But the story (stories) are actually pretty deep. Combat is  a simple system yet you can learn to master it through out the game.Very well made game. If you want something interesting story wise, and don't need combat that is super commanding, but is active then check it out!"
,Recommended,439190,22384580,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,SDFox,"Felt like reading a old book, that is to say it was great fun.-cons.runs terribly on higher graphic settings.a couple of graphic/audio glitches, but nothing big-pros.incredibly fun, and rewarding gameplay, but nothing I would call challenging.the best narrotor this side of bastion.great art style.great story.great fun"
,Recommended,439190,22385378,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Sunder,I want to play this but lack of optimization and customization makes it an unenjoyable experience for some.  1920x1080 max res is a :( for me this day in age.EDIT: Resolution options have been added! Go Devs!
76561197978168360,Recommended,439190,34676606,Posted: 1 September,all,Squatch,"This game was fantastic. Best bang-for-your-buck game I've ever gotten. Replayability is a necessity for the game, and it has that in spades. I love the different decisions that you can make and how they impact the game, as well as that the character remembers certain decisions' outcomes. I do wish there was a bit more to spend ""money"" on, as I maxed out the weapons pretty early. But that is my only true negative for this game. Just amazing."
,Not Recommended,439190,34210475,Posted: 13 August,all,Jaunty,"This game is absolutlety gorgeous: superb narration, absolutely wonderful isometric view/ camera work, fluid combat, wonderful level design and a great story(ies). But the loading times are too long and it freezes (for me) my screen when I try to alt+tab leading me to have to logout of my pc. A slight niggle the physics on objects such as the crystals you collect dont really match the games aesthetics and the games unlocks, skill-trees etc dont really seem neccessary ie try to add ""depth"" but come up short. Buy on special."
76561198028840446,Recommended,439190,34320237,Posted: 17 August,all,bigboned,Fun Bastion-like game with cool story and funny commentary. Gameplay is a little repetitive but concept of replaying different paths is cool.Good value for money.
,Recommended,439190,32745465,Posted: 24 June,all,Hara,A pleasant afternoon or two with a charming voice actor and a deliciously colorful world
76561198081202728,Recommended,439190,34600113,Posted: 30 August,all,Ceberus,What a GREAT GAME1.  Great graphics with its own unique blend2.  Game play - very easy and straight forward fun3.  The story line - EPIC  - very unique - Don't wanna give spoilers on this :)Is this game worth the buy........... I am glad I bought this gameWill you replay the game ........... lol yes you will
76561198210340347,Recommended,439190,34700737,Posted: 2 September,all,ParryBlossom,"(Played most of the game in offline mode)A mediocre or good game depending on what are you looking for - gameplay or story. In this game you will find a repetitive and easy combat system with 4 different swords -that are not really different to use apart from 1 ability- with a simple skill tree.The good part comes in with the narration and the story. The game itself is short with every session granting you a different ending. Each time you play the game you can make different decisions that in return lets you discover new ""Truth""s to help you discover the true ending of the game. Characters are fun and charming and the narrator is really good."
76561198004347626,Recommended,439190,34731149,Posted: 4 September,all,Malun,"Stories: The Path of Destinies is a great little game, that in my opinion got over ambitious with the story, and then underperformed gameplay wise. Just as an example, I have found a quarter of all endings, but I am fully equipped, have seen every level you can reach, and there is nothing for me to achieve anymore. I had found everything before I went for my last run, and so was just dashing through the areas, keeping everything as short as possible.Considering the great story, lore, idea and the exceptional narrator that’s really a shame. In my opinion, they devs should have made less paths, but improve the gameplay mainly1.	Levels that are more unique and fun to explore2.	A real crafting system, maybe where you could smelt jewels and ores to constantly upgrade your sword.3.	A combat that’s needs more than just “Press x and a direction to kill everything”Or at least give an option to skip paths you played up to the end where there is a new choice. For example if you chose Path A, A, A, A and in the final decision A again, in order to rechoice the last section you would need to play Path A, A, A, A all over again just to choose B on the final decision, and all that to see one or two new pictures and a few more lines.Still, awesome concept, lots of fun in the beginning, fantastic narrator and a very good sense of humour."
,Recommended,439190,22841125,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,discord.gg/siesta,Good addictive game.But with bad optimization => too many bugs.8/10 FPS
,Recommended,439190,22451401,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Solusi,"This is the process for obtaining the True Ending in this game:- The choices appear, time to make a decision- Me think ""Hmm this one looks convincing, I chose this one""- Chosing the path, the narrator start talking and the game continue- Suddenly main character got beheaded, suck into blackhole or devoured by demon lord- Me think ""I guess not...""https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9klUMdCSqwQPros:+ Branching storyline and multiple ending. The game have one True Ending that you must find.+ Combat system is good. Its like Batman Arkham series.+ The narrator is hilarious.Cons:- Need more enemy variations. Also there is no boss battle at all. I think this game should have boss battle at least one or two.- Magic in this game is quite useless. During my gameplay I only use two from four, the healing magic and ice magic.Do I Recommend it: Yes, go grab while it still on discount."
,Recommended,439190,22388490,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Talarian,"This game is a tight 5 - 6 hours-ish ""Choose Your Own Adventure"" story experience with action combat similar to, but a fair bit more complex than, Hand of Fate.As you make decisions about what story path to choose, you'll inevitably hit snags and the story will dead-end. In fact, the game requires this! As you make choices and complete story paths, you'll unlock clues as to what the correct path is. The storyline itself is interesting, and you learn more about the world you're in and the characters, and even why you're fighting as each path runs its course. Very few raw expository dumps! A few lines made me laugh out loud, even, partly because of the text, but also partly because of the delivery. The narrator does a pretty damn good job throughout.As mentioned, combat isn't super complex, but you have a few actions to deal with your enemies, a few spells, and a lot of skills to level up. There's a rudimentary crafting system, which I maxed out by about 2/3rds of the way through the game, but even maxed out won't really make you overpowered. The final battle I died a couple times before nailing it.6 hours doesn't sound like that long of a game, but personally I think it was about perfect. It gave a really good feel for the story and combat mechanics without overstaying its welcome. Much longer and I'd probably have gotten bored, but as a shorter game, it's definitely worth the price of admission.Edit:There a few places where the game chugs (usually when an above-view would have a lot of geometry below, or lots of particle effects overlaying the game), and half of my achievements didn't register correctly. Didn't really detract from the gameplay imho."
,Recommended,439190,22423576,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,alex132788,"Very good game, imo, especially for the price. After having played the game I would've gladly played double the price for it. There are soo many unique endings and even though you end up playing the same missions several times theyre not repeatative or boring. Each new time you do it there are new and more difficult enemies and you have new abilties."
,Recommended,439190,22870605,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Geese,"I've discovered that I'm a huge sucker for stories where the hero makes a terrible plan, follows through with it to the end, and dies horribly.Forge boldly ever onward, Reynardo! Just, no matter how doomed you are (it's very doomed), TRY not to blow up the universe this time?"
,Recommended,439190,22389187,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Silvarren,"This game is awesome. If I had to apply a mathematical formula...""Style"" of Dust (anthromorph world) + Bastion + Shadows of Destiny + Shadows of Mordor = Stories.Explanation:Dust - Effectively an anthro world. Different anthros have appropriate personalities. Foxes are sly, perceptive, hares are mad, etc. This also means that there is a bit of the ""simple, sickly sweet"" aspect of that world as well. It's fine for me, but it might bother some people. In general, the game is very much like an anime, particularly when fighting the eye monsters.Bastion: The Narrator describes what you're doing. On one playthrough, I didn't hear a single repeated phrase. I can't say the same for the rest of the game. Also, it's in the isometric fixed camera perspective. Also also, you keep character progression on each playthrough, including items.Shadows of Destiny: For those of you who don't remember, Shadows of Destiny was a game about choices, and time travel. This isn't quite it, but in SoD, the main character uses knowledge of the future to affect the past and alter his future. Not quite the same thing here, but similar enough to the point where you can draw parallels between the two mechanics. Choices you make in the story are recorded and have obvious effects. It's very ""Choose Your Own Adventure-y"".Shadows of Mordor - The game's combat mechanics are pretty similar to Shadows of Mordor, in terms of how a normal fight goes. Hitting things at the right time will increase combo count and damage; there's counters that stop enemies in their tracks, there's dodging, etc. One thing that this game does have that Shadows doesn't is a Hookshot. :D Hearing the character go ""Get over here!"" is pretty great.Regarding the Narrator - The narration is a pretty large part of this game, so it feels fair to give a heads up about the Narrator. The guy is no Logan Cunningham, but he doesn't suck, either. In all honesty, the Narrator's voice occasionally reminds me of David Tennant or the Stanley Parable narrator, but that could just be the English talking. In any case, one of the things that I find interesting is that the Narrator tells the story ""through"" the characters. Basically, it's as if the Narrator is reading a storybook. Surprise. Meaning, he changes his voice depending on the character that's speaking. This works for some characters, but not for others. Of course, it could simply be said that it's as though he's a normal guy who's reading a book, so he might not get the voices exactly right every time.Also, the Narrator does a pretty good job of actually voice acting. That is, he's not over the top, and he's not underwhelming, or hamming it up too much.Pros:Very interesting story mechanic / choices. - Ability to go back after playing through and making new choices is awesome.Combat is decent. Sometimes it feels like it lacks impact, but at other times, it feels right on. Very cool mechanics - grab, throws, combos, style rewards.Lovely world / aesthetic. Believeable characters, entertaining conversations, courtesy of the Narrator.Multiple endings. Super cool.Cons:Graphical performance issues on mid-high end systems with High settings. Certain wind / particle effects / draw distance were causing me to drop frames.Long-ish loading screens. Unsure if it has to do with graphics, but on starting the game for the first time, I believe I had to wait about a minute before the beginning of the game played after I hit ""New Game."" I didn't see much of a wait for anything after that, though.In any case, it's a bit of a flawed gem. I'd recommend it if story-based adventuring is your deal, if you enjoy Choose Your Own Adventure books, liked the world / style of Dust or liked the game Brave Fencer Musashi."
76561198058278226,Recommended,439190,35164081,Posted: 23 September,all,Hyooo,"Stories is a nice fast phase gameplay, cutting and blocking the enemy in a second.the stories lies within the game is definately interesting and mind blowing.it is recommended to use controller to play the game for easier movement and reflexes. tried it with keyboard, not as good as controller.overall i really enjoy the game, and is recommended in my opinion."
,Recommended,439190,23908150,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Kleinaroo,"Even though the name of the game is very lame (In my opinion at least, since it drove me away for a while), this game is AMAZING. Everything about is, except maybe it's optimization. Pro-active gameplay, fast-paced fights, interesting story, developped characters, beautiful art, etc. I could go on and on why this game is great. I won't, because I think you have to experience it for yourselves. The narrator is gonna bring you into their world, and will most definitively make you laugh. The amount of references are astonishing and are very well put together.Just to name a few, without spoiling what it actually is, there's notably Starcraft and Dark Souls references.Just wonderful; 85/100"
,Recommended,439190,23421831,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Disaccord Noob©,"All choices are bad choices.Trust nobody.Not even youself.caw / 10 would die in ending again.Also Zenobia has an enchanting voice, more of her pls."
76561198005404056,Recommended,439190,22398332,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,blackclove,"By turns sweet and funny, the narration and characters are reminiscent the best kind of fairy tales.  Our hero is ""Reynardo"" the scoundrel (and a fox with a sword), who gets to live his entire adventure over and over until he gets it right.  He's wisecracking and flawed, and the choices you make definitely matter.  You keep what you learn and find on each playthrough, and even when you repeat the same map, you usually have a lot of new paths and changes to the plot based on what you've already learned.  For example, when you learn to use your grappling hook, you can use it to leap to new platforms, and you can craft several different colorful swords that double as keys, letting you into new places.  Sometimes the same map is completely changed by what you learn about the story on earlier playthroughs.The arcade-game part is pretty simple, with some easy puzzles and neat combo moves.  Even though it warns you at the start that you need a twin-stick gamepad, I played it just fine with the mouse.  The combat is partly depending on your RPG stats and what swords you make, but mostly it's about timing and good gameplay.  You can win almost any fight without a scratch if you play well, but it's also easy to get massacred if you play poorly.  Combat moves include picking things up and throwing them, grappling hooks, zipping forward, blocking, and attacking, among other options.  It's fast-paced but being clever pays off:  you are a fox, after all.There are some bugs, including random slowdowns and places where you get stuck in the landscape.  I found that swinging the sword helped me get out of those, because you step when you slice.  Likewise, I kept getting major slowdowns when a big dragon-head door opened, but shooting the grappling hook seemed to unfreeze the screen.  Despite that, I am having a wonderful time and I already feel I've gotten $15 of pleasure out of it after 5 hours of playing.  Yes it's pretty short, but for me at least it was an experience worth having.  It deserves to be discovered by a wider audience."
,Recommended,439190,22402227,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Five-Headed Snake God,"Stories is not a perfect game.  The progression in a bit wonky, there are a few bugs (I haven't seen anything major, though others apparently have), some abilities are better than others, and getting the true ending doesn't take terribly long.  Despite its flaws, however, it's a solid game.  The combat is relatively simple, but there's always something to do, and enemy groups seem to scale to your growing abilities pretty well.  The art is very pretty, and the writing is excellent.  For $15, it's well worth the price for anyone who enjoys action games."
76561198039565831,Recommended,439190,22397749,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Rick,"I do this review to be the last one that do this mistake.Please change the function of the ""start a new game"" button. I thought it will only reset the the story to the start without doing a full reset of the fame (I lost upgrades, swords, skills etc...). I did it only because i did a mistake when I had to chose a way and wanted do reset my story.If you want to keep this opton of a full reset please put it in the option where only the one that want to do it will.The game is awseome by the way (just the swords are too easy to get and the level take too much time after a certain point but that the only default ;) )"
76561197965076230,Recommended,439190,22396728,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Trick13,"On top of the best combat I've played since Arkham, and being gorgeous to look at, the voice acting is clever and fun, and the branching storyline/environments make replay part of the story."
,Recommended,439190,22389923,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,SugarFox,"Do you enjoy simple, yet slightly addictive gameplay? What about in-depth, branching story lines with multiple endings? Or endearing, relatable characters that really seem to grow on you? Well then, you're in luck, because this game is for you!The game is structured in such a way that you play through five chapters, each containing a variation of exploration and combat encounters, and then receiving an ending. Once you've viewed the ending, you have two choices. You can say, ""well, that was short and hardly worth the money,"" or you can do what the game intends and...play through it again.Yep. You heard me. You play through another five chapters and that's it. Game Over. Now, this sounds boring and rather pointless, yeah? Here's the thing. At the end of every chapter, you get to make a choice. The choice you pick determins how the story branches. Save a character? Kill a character? Use an artifact? Every single choice leads you to a different path, and with each playthrough, more revelations are made regarding the story, and slowly things start to piece together. After several playthroughs, you can unlock the ""true ending."" That is, if you've made the right choices. And don't worry, the game will tell you upon a new playthrough which choices you've picked before. There seem to be over 20 different endings to the game, with each being unique.The characters themselves are a hoot. You really get a sense of developement through the game as the game's narrator reads aloud all the dialog, like an audio book. Speaking of the dialog, I personally really enjoyed it. Random quips and whatnot from the narrator really add flair to the game.The one downside is the actual gameplay. I'm sure some will find it repetive, boring, and tiresome. Mash X until things die. No, really. You do get some skills and abilities that spice things up, but in the end it's ""walk into an encounter, kill enemies."" Still, as you progress through the game and go through multiple play throughs, the combat does get a bit challenging. Despite the repetiveness, I really enjoyed the combat and found every encounter was fun. Oh, and speaking of abilities and skills, your level/skills DO carry over from every playthrough, so you're not starting from scratch every time. Also, there are some areas early on that are inaccessable unless you have a certain key item, which you can only get later in the game. It mixes up the levels just enough to keep you coming back for more.In the end, Stories: TPoD is one of the better games I've played as of late, and I would highly suggest it. It's well worth the price tag."
,Recommended,439190,22879632,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Daddy Fernus,Still swinging my sword to compensate the past.
76561197999195085,Recommended,439190,23542201,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Kriofer,"Great game! Nice storytelling. Game play si OK, you mostly want it for the storry."
,Not Recommended,439190,23780764,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Lord Kekington The Kek,"This game is great but there are some features that really make it not worth playing at the current state. There are some glitches where you get stuck in the ground which forces you to restart the whole level. Sometimes an enemy will spawn outside the map making progressing impossible, and the sheer amount of grinding you have to do after every ending. It would make things so much better to add a checkpoint button in the menu to bring you back to a checkpoint and maybe have it count as a death. There also needs to be a feature where you can go to a certain decision instead of having to do the whole line over and over. Overall the bugs are very minor but in the end can really affect your gameplay"
,Recommended,439190,22701030,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,MikiDiary,ชอบมากๆ ครับ เกมนี้ ที่ชอบมากคือ ระบบที่ใช้เพียงแค่เมาส์ ในการเดินและโจมตี คลิกขวาเดิน คลิกซ้ายคือสู้ จะจับเหวี่ยง ก็แค่กดค้างเมาส์ซ้าย แล้วเลื่อนเมาสืไปในทางที่จะเหวี่ยงศัตรู
,Not Recommended,439190,28876832,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Afternoon Tea,"This game really didn't meet my expectations from the impression I got from it. The choices are interesting but very limited, and most of the game has a rinse and repeat concept with only so many differences in the combat and enviornment. I also had some technical issues, spending a little over 40 minutes on record stuck on beginning loading screens. The game even gets stuck when I tried to simply change the quality. I also got stuck in a few odd places, which left me unable to advance the level or move around at all (I heard this was a very popular bug from what I read in the forums when I was trying to lookup solutions for the game issues I was having). If I could give a positive feedback on the game, it'd be the characters and their personalities, especially Reynardo, love that guy!Overall, this game deserves a 7/10 at best, however, it's not enough for me to refund it. I'm willing to give second chances."
,Not Recommended,439190,29813442,Posted: 9 February,all,sven,"Nice hack and slash game with a twist (literally learn from your mistakes by playing branching different timelines depending on the choices you as a player make.)Nice art, nice voice over, decent controls. Good amount of backtracking and secrets by unlocking new swords that allow opening new passageways and extra bits and pieces of lore.A bit lacking in enemy variety.However, the game is still buggy and some time lines contain absolutely game breaking bugs (parts of levels simply not being streamed in or being activated), resulting in show stoppers, rendering your save game unusable. And so far, the developer seems to have abandoned the game (last patch being more than 8 months ago while this bug still keeps getting reported.)Truly a shame, as there would be a more than decent game here if it weren't for the show stopping bugs.*edit*I've added a video of a playthrough of the area with the game breakings bug below. If the devs are interrested I can also send my save and option file.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PushYnvxu-Y"
,Not Recommended,439190,33526274,Posted: 13 July,all,Gravy,"A resounding meh. With extremely basic combat, a lack of enemies, and very few environments the game quickly becomes repetitive and boring. An interesting concept that could have used more variety."
76561198031328124,Recommended,439190,33105487,Posted: 1 July,all,Rizilliant,"Optimized quite poorly.. Mid grade pc (my 660Ti is getting quite dated) and it awfully demanding for such a title.. Also long load times.. Just opening the game, can take 30-45 seconds on the loading screen after all the advertisements..I thought I would enjoy the game, but the camera is very far back, with no way to zoom, or move it..Which brings me to teh controls.. I didnt bother with the controller, but m+kb.. The responsiveness was quite sluggish, and clunky.. Holding right click to move, and tapping or holding left click for attacking, or holding enemies.. It didnt seem possible to move and attack simultaneously, but more of an either or kind of mechanic..The design is quite good to look at, but plain at the same time.. Linear paths, with occasional forks.. you have crates to break, or crystals, vases, etc., depending on the location..The writing, and narraration is a bit mediocre.. Almost as if it were written by one very young... No offense to the writers, it just reads like a childrens book... And that feels like who the game was intended for..Enemies, even when mobbed around you, stand and wait their turn to be attacked, with one occassionally attacking, and giving the identifier ala Arkham for you to counter..there is an upgrade tree for swords, gems, and your character, but it is also linear.. You will unlock these in a very progressive manner.. After completing your first sword, you can choose from 3 others to create, then upgrade.. The gems are also an option to slot in 3 slots on a bracer, and the character abilities will unlock 3 durign a prologue type intro, then open up for your choice, but its again, very plain, and feels pre determined, even though its not entirely so..Some will like it, others wont.. Those who like, I suspect wont be blown away.. I didnt even remain interested long enough for the ""Stories"" part to take effect...It just didnt grab me.. Ill leave a recommend, because I can see effort was put forth, and its not some money grubbing AAA company... But it did not appeal to me as I thought it would... Sadly"
76561198158171462,Recommended,439190,25081556,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Dick_Kickem,Thought I bought a furry game on accident was gladly wrong.
,Recommended,439190,28766771,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Zakis,Very interesting way of telling story.
76561198047422293,Recommended,439190,33249643,Posted: 4 July,all,GUSSUD,"Nice gameplay. Narration is very good but maybe a little ""to much"". Soundtrack is fantastic.With the steam sales it's a ""go for it"""
,Recommended,439190,33339741,Posted: 7 July,all,Prapor Kon',"Замечательная история и приятная графика, жаль что такой однообразный геймплей и долгая прокачка после 10го лвлапа"
,Recommended,439190,32893883,Posted: 27 June,all,Kotwinch,10/10 mega zaujímavý príbeh :3
,Not Recommended,439190,24016519,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Foxy,"Game is fun. But it has glaring technical issues that prevent it from working on my machine.Top it all off with the fact that the developer just doesnt seem to care to read the technical issues that people are having before issuing some general purpose cure all that doesn't even work.I can't recommend a game that doesn't work and has ♥♥♥♥♥♥ tech support.If you want a substantially better, and more memorable story, buy Undertale."
,Recommended,439190,32753656,Posted: 24 June,all,H2Doom,"Great storytelling, visuals and idea..."
76561198041480315,Not Recommended,439190,29495549,Posted: 25 January,all,locotloki,"As a whole I like the game, yet I can't look past the many bugs that freeze and break the game. The load times are also way too long for a game like this. If my computer can load witcher 3 in a minute on high settings, this game shouldn't take 10 on medium. Maybe pick the game up when its on sale or when the game's bugs have been worked out."
76561198198261447,Recommended,439190,34538494,Posted: 27 August,all,sanitarium88,"I recommend it. Combat system is simple, yet fun to play. Although, the focus is in it's characters and the story.Definately worth a buy within Steam Sale like I did."
,Recommended,439190,34542193,Posted: 27 August,all,Soatok,"It's not a long game, if you know what you're doing, but it is a good game."
76561198006641737,Recommended,439190,24486383,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,g1b_b3t,Just a brilliant adventure game. :)
,Recommended,439190,24370872,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,ZEGEES,I like when this game read my mind
,Recommended,439190,24435420,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Klesk32,"Fresh, fun, hours of replayability.  I love it."
,Recommended,439190,24329019,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Fandorex,is fun
,Recommended,439190,23851805,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Kor'thara,"I'm totally lost for words on this game, 92 minutes in and the only thing that stopped me from playing for a few minutes was it crashed.So far the story is very intriguing and has sucked me in.The combat is.. well, amazing, It's not often you see sword-play ( I guess would be the right word here ) such as this, grappling shieldbearers and warlocks, dashing about, slowing time, and achieving that amazing combo without a scratch in fluent, swift combat, is an amazing feeling, sure the game can be a bit difficult but once you figure it out and upgrade your hero sword, it gets alot easier.. in a way. the only other game where I felt combat like this was the Path of Neo matrix game.The Narrator is very fun to listen to and the pure sass involved in the characters is hilarious, not to mention the countless references, there's alot of Star Wars references, and few other references such as the ""Hitch-hikers guide to the Galaxy"" reference for the story name and I absolutely loved (and died in game) when I heard the ""Construct Additional Pylons"" pun, for those of you who do not know, it's a StarCraft II Meme that was stupid popular and funny a while back with the StarCraft II Community.I truely recomend this game to anyone, even on the lowest graphical settings, this game is hell of alot of fun, this game currently feels very underrated.Though there are some bugs, one of which, that I experienced twice was getting stuck in the groud after attacking something, but it's not game breaking, just frustrating.Eitherway I give this game a 10/10, I'm glad I saw this game on the sale page. Deffinately worth buying."
76561198104033860,Recommended,439190,28821244,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,nikitadarkstar,Cute and quirky.
,Recommended,439190,24628028,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Cemetery Crepes,"I'm not too far in yet, but I'm excited to see what else lies ahead. It combines a flashy, somewhat-stiff combat system with a unique storytelling gimmick and a Bastion-style narrator. You can finish a playthrough in about an hour to an hour-and-half, but that's only part of the appeal. You discover a ""truth"" about the overarching plot everytime you complete the game based on your choices and paths taken in your playthrough. You then use that ""truth"" to alter your choices the next time out. Gear and state upgrades carry over between ""stories"" as well lessening annoyance and grind.Completely worth it's asking price, and a great example of why indie gaming still means so much to me."
,Recommended,439190,23903453,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Halse,"+ Great artstyle+ Fun narration+ fluid and fast combat+- Slightly repetitive towards the end but the character progression makes this less of an issue- I experienced quite long loading times at the beginning of my playthrough, This resolved itself later for some reason.Since i am not good at third person combat games, The simple combat made it way easier to progress through the story. The combat does become more complicated later on with more varied enemies and more interested abilities.If you are looking for a great looking game with funny and interesting story with characters with depth, Then this might be the game for you.I´d say this game is worth picking up for the full price.PS: I played it with controller on a TV, some are complaining about the keyboard controls.9/10//Halse"
,Recommended,439190,23910653,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Enfys Ellezard,"Truly a hidden gem for fantasy gamers.In this game, you play as Reynardo (or Raynaldo, I keep forgetting how to spell the exact name), a charming, carefree, ""heroic"", stupic fox with a very smug-looking grin on his face the whole time. With its very fast and flashy yet simple hack-and-slash gameplay, the game combat is very solid.However, the combat is not the main focus of this game, the focus is right in the title. ""Stories"". Everytime you play through the game, you play through about 4 or 5 chapters in the same set of map. Between chapters, you pick from one of the two to three choices on what you want to do in the next chapter. Save a friend, ditch him for a weapon, convince your girl and stay with her or kill her. Each run only takes about 40 minutes or so max with variation in the narration. This is where the charm of this game can be found and you will come to love all the new narrations... and random puns or memes that appear out of nowhere.The graphic in this game is also very beautiful and colorful, exactly what you will want from a fantasy game. The OST is also amazing.But even with all its good points, the game does have some bad points.Currently, there are some few annoying bugs. Game might randomly come to a total pause causing you to restart the game (go back to the menu) or your cursor might suddenly dissappear. Both of them only happened once for me though but when they do, they hurt.As mentioned that the game combat is NOT the main focus, the game suffers from the repetitive and way too easy combat system after you unlock some of the skills and weapon/gems. There's also no boss fights or anything and the variation pool in enemy types is extremely small. On your 5th or 6th runs, you will likely be mashing left click to kill everything as soon as possible or just abusing the one-hit-kill skills/finishers on full health enemies.There's also the issues where you can't skip some of the dialogues in this game. With over 30 endings, you have to play through the game at least 30 times. However, everytime the narration describes what you can choose to do, you currently CANNOT skip that. This means the first set of dialogue must be listened to at least 30 times and it lasts for almost a minute, or longer. Then you repeat the next set and on and on. For every 30 minutes run, at least 4 minutes will be spent on unskippable dialogue. For a game that is all about repeating the cycle with different choices and speed running, the unskippable dialogues really really suck.So for this game, I'm giving it an 8.5 out of 10 with a 10/10 on Reynardo's charm."
,Recommended,439190,23941916,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Redlight,"I have to say that this game certainly entertained me and that I recomend it to anyone looking for a good RPG style game. I advise anyone planning on getting this game to avoid let's plays of it because it will spoil key elements of the game. My only problem is that the game settings set me at ""very low"" for graphics. To be honest its still a beutiful game on low settings but in my defence i can run nearly all triple A titles with my AMD HD 7770. and i was a bit perplexed as to why it couldnt run a small game on ultra or high."
,Recommended,439190,23995198,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Ludditz,"So, I literally just beat the game, getting every single ending and the final one about 5 minutes ago. This review is as fresh as it can be, and here's all I'm going to say: this game is fantastic. Here's my breakdown, for those who like lists or shiny things:PROS:+Hysterical writing; I busted out laughing multiple times through this game, and the characters, while simple, were incredibly well-defined+Pleasant art style: it's a bit simple, but it gets the point across incredibly well+Simple but effective combat engine that does require a lot of skill, and while it can be simple once you master it to get through a wave without taking a single blow, it still requires a lot of foresight and thinking, even to the final scenario.+The narrator. He gets his own mark for being so funny and bringing these characters to life.CONS:-The game can get incredibly repetitive if you're going to try to 100% it, like I did; the combat becomes a chore after a while, and after hearing about the isles of Boreas for the 25th time, repeating everything the narrator says with your eyes closed, you kind of get annoyed by it-Unable to skip certain dialogues that you have heard multiple times, already, such as decision dialogue (I understand why, but it's still annoying)-OCCASIONAL bugs; once or twice I clipped through the level geometry, falling off a platform and immediately reappearing in another spot, or where for whatever reason, the game lagged for half a second and it made me get stuck in place.Those are seriously the ONLY gripes I have with this game. Overall, I think it's superb for what it was trying to do, and I think it hit it out of the park; it's something utterly unique, a game where you try to figure out what the true ending is by trial and failure, over and over again. Each scenario takes anywhere from 5-30 minutes, depending on how you're geared and how much you suck at the game. (My first few runs took me about half an hour, but by the final ones, I was down to about 7 minutes to complete a full scenario, taking maybe one or two hits when I wasn't paying attention.)Honestly, the game has some elements that I don't personally care for very much, with the 'attack, grapple, parry, dash' combat system, but I grew to enjoy it by the end, even if it did get repetitive. I'd say that if you're into a game that's just plain unique, you might enjoy this. The repetition I could see turning some people off, though; so remember to take that into account!My rating scale goes on like so:YOU HAVE TO PLAY THIS GAMEIt's fun, give it a go!It's alright, I guess?Eh.. man.. that's not great...BLOW IT UP!I'm giving this game a 'it's fun, give it a go!' It's got flaws, but I actually enjoyed the almost 17 hours I spent with it. My one piece of advice for anyone interested, though: take your time with it and don't rush like I did. It'll last you a good, long while if you just enjoy the game and slowly unlock the endings."
,Recommended,439190,23904711,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Mr Holiday,"Pros+ Decisions made, affect the entire game+ Fluid combat system+ Great storytelling+ Vast variety of endingsCons- Limited cutscene animation- Few NPCs- Only one voice actorGive it a chance, it is worth it.----I will start off with this, this is pure nostalgia for me, ever since I started gaming, of all the old nostalgia games I get from this through; Fable: lost chapters, Ratchet and Clank, Jak and Daxter, Banjo and Kazooie, Spyro, The Bard's tale, and more. I say these games, as the memories I have of them, were now recently created in a similar fashion, by this game.This game reverts my heart into the child like state it used to be, when a game used to be a story, and the narration was either via speaker, or a mere prophecy on a wall, that the story was simple, but not dumbed down for that purpose, so that it had the grit to send you through a mix of emotions, but in an amount that makes you feel sick, just enough to keep you intrigued and entertained.----I will be avoiding spoilers best I can, focusing on game mechanics.To the actual game, it is with its own highs, and own lows, but for what it has put me through, I am forgiving of. This Stories: The Path of Destinies, follows the character Reynardo, an anthropomorphic fox swordsman who goes through a series of events, that lead him to be on the run from the Imperial Armada, which is to say the king's army.You will take control of Reynardo, and make story deciding choices for him, which he presumes he makes them himself because he goes by instinct, that will dictate the end of his story, which leads to a vital feature of the game. This game's main feature, is that once reaching the end, you will be treated to ab ending at the result of your prior actions, return to the start again, with all prior gathered knowledge, experience, and equipment gathered on that run. You will gather these endings, with each of these new endings, new options and decisions will unlock, as you progress, you will unlock more endings as you go, until the point you are able to reach your ultimate goal, the 'True Ending', this is what your focus will be on.  With each ending reached, affected by your prior actions, will be unique to how they were achieved, and I will assure you, it is a rollercoaster of emotion, of all the possible outcomes.The game also possesses a average combat system, health, mana, and a dash gauge, that allows you to target individual enemies, with blocking, countering, and dashing, while possessing fluid motion, that doesn't limit you in most cases. As you progress, you will unlock an array of abilities and items, that will help you dispatch enemies easier, such as ripping a shield from an enemy, you can also get equitable gems that give you passive buffs, such as the ability to skip the shield, and just attack them, knocking it out of their hands. Your weapons of choice will be from four magic swords, that will essentially be your active powers, that when activated, will have an effect applied to the enemy (e.g. Life drain, healing yourself). This system is rather simple, with a fine range of enemies, that will provide a range of difficulty, however the combat system, allows the ability to rack up combos, and the ability to perform finishers, that will cut your enemies in a non-gory fashion, but still satisfying to perform.With all of these good elements, the game does lack in several departments, which can be nit-picky, but still there, however myself I have overlooked. While the game possesses a wonderful and colourful 3D rendered world, which I enjoy, in cutscenes, character animations are limited, and are near none, which this game cuts to 2D cutscenes, to compensate for this, it doesn't hinder the experience. In the game, you will also be treated to very limited NPCs or any characters at all, with around ~9-10 Unique character models (not saying that there will be just 9-10 characters,), and this includes the enemies and few minor characters, which I found disappointing, but overlooked it for the story. Voice acting in the game was fun and well suited to the character, however, other voice actors would have complimented this story, as Julian Casey is the only active voice actor for this game.Pros+ Decisions made, affect the entire game+ Fluid combat system+ Great storytelling+ Vast variety of endingsCons- Limited cutscene animation- Few NPCs- Only one voice actorI cannot get over what this game has put me through, all the emotions, all the elements that it reminds me of, the nostalgia, it hit me hard, and made me evaluate the current state of video games today, and makes me sad that there is barely anything comparable, only of the artistic quality, and unique beauty of games such as Transistor, Bastion, or a simple but complex game like Hyper Light Drifter.If I could ask the developers for anything, it would be to send me back into the fray of these emotions again, stir me up, tell me a tale, be my story teller again, I will take the spoonful, just to experience a story, told in a world as such.I will not be forgetting this game."
76561198062956563,Recommended,439190,23933325,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,gudare,"It's an interesting game, executed well enough on the premise of replaying different decisions.  It takes the whole ""I want to see all the endings for a game"" concept to be the entire POINT of the game.  Combat's just difficult enough to keep you involved without being overly complex, the stories are long enough to be engaging without being too long (You can play through a story in an hour or so), and there's about 40 endings or so?  I'd need to count.If there's a con for this game that's not obvious from the style, it's the loading screens.  Bring a book."
,Not Recommended,439190,22398319,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Campion not responding,"I really wanted to like this game, but it turned out to be a disappointment. The idea of playing through separate stories with completely different branching paths sounds cool until you realize that some of them (Or, at least the ones I've played, and I played quite a few!) are just repeating the same levels (especially the last one) in the same way, just with a different narration. The voiceovers are honestly just a poor man's attempt at Bastions, not bad, but they lack the sexy voice and wit that made it especially enjoyable in Bastion. The combat is comparable to Batman's counter fest but to it's credit it does get more fun when they introduce more enemies and abilities the further you get, but once again it's nothing like Bastion in terms of enemy variety and expansive weaponry and it seems you're only sticking with one weapon (a sword) that has different effects the whole way. I've been told that there was supposed to be some kind of special mechanic about the music dynamically changing as the story went on, but I've never noticed because the music itself was not particularly memorable. The artwork was honestly pretty gorgeous at times although it did slow down in some situations, but I take what I can get with a GTX 750 ti. Still, the only graphical presets you get are: Low, Medium, and High. Very limited.Take what I'm saying with a grain of salt though as I've only put in three hours so far, and I'm thankful that Valve accepted my refund request. If you think you can stomach redoing the same brown battleship level in almost the same exact way for the fourth time, then this game might be up your alley. Otherwise, just play Bastion."
,Recommended,439190,22392420,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,unScript3d,"Pros:+ Excellent storytelling and great narration+ Great combat system (reminds me of the Arkham combat, which says a lot!)+ Gorgeous visuals (I personally love the style)Cons:*None found yet*So far this game is absolutely excellent!"
76561198100947745,Recommended,439190,22410026,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,ThatOtterGamer,Love this game!The narrator is funny.  The characters are interesting.  The gameplay is fun and not overly complicated.  I played through 4 times so far and can't wait to unlock the rest of the endings.
,Not Recommended,439190,33613328,Posted: 17 July,all,crazypairinggirl,I can't play the game as it is stuck on a loading screen. if this changes I will definitely recommend it.
,Not Recommended,439190,24863933,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,AbaWhite2021,"I want to really love this game I really did.I got this game on the steam summer sale and put more than 10 hours into the game before the bugs and glitches just sucked the fun out of it for me.I'll start with the pros that I can see with this game:The Graphics are well done and look great even on my 4 year old lap top!The idea of 24 stories in one game WAS a great idea.Love the controller support made the game a lot more fun to playThe point system for leveling is simple to understand for anyoneAlong with gems and your sword upgrades.Loved the idea of having to unlock doors to go into diffrent areas of the map.  I like to explore and find things in games!Sadly I will go onto my cons now:You can't skip the opening part of the book.  Every time you do a story you need to hear about the Isle's a ton of times and gets annyoying.Also near the end alot of the stories seem to blend togetther and start to feel bland.  I thought when I was going to play diffrent stories they would be a bit more diffrent.The levels are pretty much the same if you pick to see the scientists in the nexus its always the same.  It only changes if you go to the camp, which is always the same as well.  Zenobia's island is ALWAYS the same along with the mountains, the amature, iblis stone and ect.  Even when the doors dont have a point to me I'd go that way to do something diffrent.  I thought the levels would randomize but they're borning and bland after a few play thoughts.There is almost nothing to collect!  With in a few play thoughts I upgraded all four of my swords and all of my gems making the side doors and chests in general usless! I was enjoying needing to explore but when I have everything whats the point?!The combat is kinda awful, the main charater glitches out doing his dash move and gets hit by enemies.The shield gem makes shield ravens usless, I don't use it so I have to think about what I'm fighting.The ravens are supose to show ! point on there head so you can counter.  Sometimes they don't in large fights and you take multipe hits that cancle your combos and reduce the XP you get from each fight making lvling difficult.I also seem to randomly dash into bomb ravens even though Im not pointed that way.  I've dashed into the ground and fell thought the map at multiple locations.  I've tried to grapple into pylons and fell though the map at multiple times on diffrent levels in the game.I've gotten stuck in the floor and had to restart the level multiple times and when  I do open chests for health the fruit doesnt leave the chest, bugs out and stays in the chest so I cant even get it.  I gave up and stop opening chests.I've even died and the game gliched moved the foxes dead body  back to the check point and wouldn't say 'You are dead' and bugged the whole level to the point I reset the game and the game thought I finshed the Level!Sometimes platforms and the ground will glitch out so you run on nothing.  It happens in the Iblis level, the nexus and on the final level as well.  It's annyoying and confusing if your playing the level for the first time.At that point I had enough of the this game.  SO close to the end, so close to 100% completion of the book and I had enough of the glitches and bugs.  This game had so much potentional and was such a cool idea but it feels like it's in BETA at best and is lacking so much.  I wish the makers would go back and work on this game more before doing anything else.Other wise don't waste your money or wait until this game is really really cheep.So sad :("
,Not Recommended,439190,33020086,Posted: 29 June,all,Muncrow,It runs poorly and has technical issues. I can't recommend this.
,Recommended,439190,31565960,Posted: 5 May,all,GankdalfTheGrey,It's sick
,Recommended,439190,34410038,Posted: 22 August,all,Rilovin,if you like story telling and butterfly effect buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥if you only want games to play. buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥when disc. only.if you r a f-in trophy ♥♥♥♥♥. buy this  n u will need hella iron mental state.
,Recommended,439190,25641327,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Noktem,"Loved the game, very fun story and interesting fighting mechanics :)"
76561198254075156,Not Recommended,439190,34460131,Posted: 24 August,all,Dunhitme,"Fun during the first few hours.After that you realize that the story lacks constistancy and accuracy. Many plot holes and flawed storytelling.You quickly realize how to get to the ending. And it's VERY EASY.You have many skills that you can unlock and swords that you can craft. But you don't need them to win the game. The game is very easy to beat without them. Unlock a few fun skills and you're good. It's an immense pain to try and unlock the whole set of skills.Plus, it doesn't add any value to the game to try and unlock all the skills, it just wastes your time.Once you get to the ending.. The whole game falls apart, it becomes very frustrating to finish the game 100%.You can't skip the narrating, which you will hear OVER AND OVER saying the SAME THINGS again and again.Some choices you take make you redo the whole level, because reasons ....In short, this game doesn't deserve the good ratings it got. Sure it's an ok game, not like many other junk games around, but after only a few hours of gameplay, it feels like rubbish.I might also add the game's silly addition of ""magical things"". In this time and age it's so boring to hear about these dumb magical powers, demons, gods, etc. Why not try and use something else, that's less dumb. As if you absolutely need to put these things in your game for it to be credible or something."
76561198037369282,Not Recommended,439190,29133727,Posted: 8 January,all,Parsnip Transportation Co.,"The locations, levels, and storytelling to this game have a lot of charm, but ultimately, the gameplay does not deliver enough for me to recommend this game. Some critical bugs currently impact its playability, which I discuss at the end of this review.I do enjoy the way the Stories frames the concept of restarting and replaying the game, however, this premise necessarily introduces redundancies to the gameplay. The vast majority of the enemies are the same raven grunt for the entire game, with maybe 4 ""special"" ravens that do little to make the combat feel less repetitive. The levels themselves are diverse enough that running through them multiple times and discovering new paths does not feel like a chore, I cannot say the same for the encounters. It doesn't help that you can pretty much just hit things until they die most of the time, and dash around to avoid being hit.When the combat is difficult, which is uncommon, it is entirely due to poor performance rather than by design. The areas are large in 3 dimensions, and the enemies are numerous. Occasionally the frame rate would slow to a crawl, making it difficult to react to the influx of enemies.The biggest problem Stories has is its mechanism of saving. It soft autosaves each time you reach a checkpoint, and hard autosaves when you complete a chapter. This would be fine, if it weren't for the game-breaking bugs that can only be fixed by restarting the game, and therefore having to replay an entire chapter. Reynardo can get stuck on the scenery in several places, and there is no obvious way to dislodge him without forcing a reload. He can also get stuck on poles, but the dash action usually gets him out. On four occasions during my playthrough, all characters in combat froze, and Reynardo was unresponsive, forcing a restart of the chapter.Overall, Stories offers fun, creative storytelling, colorful and interesting environments, and a combat system that is actually quite enjoyable, but the gameplay issues were a dealbreaker for me."
,Recommended,439190,27696973,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,TrixyTrixter,I created a black hole and killed everything... guess ill have to try again. 10/10
,Recommended,439190,33466725,Posted: 11 July,all,Kargor,"Well, this is a ""recommended, but"" type of thing.Pros: great presentation overall, bastion-esque story telling by a narrator as you go along, lots of branching points leading to lots of different endings -- most of them not good. A playthrough doesn't take long; the main objective of the game is to find the playthrough that leads to a happy ending.On the bad side, however, the combat doesn't change throughout the game. And while there's a ton of stories, the same cannot be said about the levels -- they get re-used again and again, with different stories, but you keep seeing the same places again and again."
76561197968183997,Not Recommended,439190,22390233,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Dregur,"This game could be so good. The art design is gorgeous, the choices you make and the story with how it backtracks, even how the simple combat mechanics are fun to play, just for the kinetic energy it generates. I was incredibly excited when one of my favorite channels covered this, and got this on launch day.However, and this is a gamebreaker for me, there are random slowdowns that make combat impossible. The framerate suddenly decides to dip into the single digits for me, and I am unsure why this game, of all games, would have framerate issues for me. I have an AMD Radeon Fury Nano, not integrated graphics. And this game, while absolutely beautiful, should not tax my computer that much.There are other cons of course, combat is a little too simplistic, the story can railroad you a little to get the ""Four Truths"", and there are no where near enough interesting enemies that I have seen yet.But the positives of the game would far outweigh any cons of the gameplay that I could think of...if only I could play the game without framerate issues.I will state that if Spearhead fixes the framerate issues, and some random map glitches where the character falls through the ground, this game would be absolutely a thumbs up from me. But right now, I can't play it without getting incredibly frustrated by the tech issues."
,Not Recommended,439190,23532777,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Wolo,"This game was genuinely awful, and I don't understand how the reviews argue otherwise. Don't take my time played and dismiss why I'm leaving a negative review, the gameplay and easiness was all fine, but a lot of problems exist.Pros ++ Multiple paths+Very nice visuals+ Movement looks nice+ Dialog has funny and quirky moments+ Enjoyable progression system+ Relaxing, easy game+ Hack n' slashing is always fun+ Apparent 60 FPS+ Controller controls are fineCons - And there are a LOTFirst this game does not run well at all. The game by default reccomended all minimum settings on my computer with these specs:Intel(R) Core(TM) i5-4690K CPU @ 3.50GHzNVIDIA GeForce GTX 970Microsoft Windows 10 (build 10586), 64-bit8 GB RAMCranking the game up to its fullest settings didn't slow it down at all, but the graphics were horridly buggy, especially shadows.LOOK AND FEEL ISSUES (Graphics and controls)- Visual shortcuts everywhere- Lots of clipping textures- Pop-in Textures are very distracting and un-immersive- Shadows took several restarts before loading correctly (Mostly character shadows, enviornment shadows were fine)- Load times range from instant to several minutes, and are VERY frequent.- Several issues occured with controls- Keyboard/Mouse is non-rebindable and native controls are awful (Left MB, Right MB, Shift, Ctrl, Alt) Don't you love when games have you float all around that Windows key.- Frequently lost control of character on keyboard/mouse (character would begin moving on its own until the game was paused and unpaused)- Several Xbox One controllers had movement lock issues, until the control was removed and reinserted. This occured about every 3 minutes, rending the game unplayable for me with the controller..GAMEPLAY ISSUES- Boring gameplay- Grappling is pointless, and only serves as forced movement sections- Puzzles all trivial, which isn't technically a con, but at a certain point it goes from easy to unintresting- Dash mechanic is flashy but useless- Sword ""toggles"" are relatively pointless.- Enemy variety is awful- No Bosses (again, not necessarily a con, but it does work toward a bigger issue the game has, which is it gets boring quickly due to no difficulty or variety.- Few mechanics- No backtracking, game promotes collecting, but then punishes the player for making any wrong turns, by blocking the way back very very frequently (Every 60-120 seconds)- Checking destructables for loot is time consuming, rarely fruitful, and boringSTORY ISSUESThis is where this game lost me VERY quickly- Story is very rushed- ""The ship crashed and your now here"" used over and over and over and over.- Characters have 0 development, I would easily argue some characters have NEGATIVE development. (This means characters go from having some interesting lore and are just turned in to meat sacks or love objects)- Dialog is very hit and miss, but mostly miss.- Story is pictured through comic book style panes between levels, but these panes are very boring and are reused- I got a hour in to the game, and noticed a pane had been reused twice already.- This game does not understand repition in excess is always badI have never left a negative review, but this game was just not finished, and if this is what developers think is a finished game, then this is a joke."
,Not Recommended,439190,32665939,Posted: 22 June,all,platynarmunk,"The game looks pretty good, but I feel like it has some major optimisation issues. My computer isn't the best, but it has specs that are slightly above the recommended, yet the loading takes ages! And it feels like it eats up more resources than any AAA game that I play.Aside from that, the story seems interesting and if updates are made to optimize the game better, I would probably recommend the game if it was on sale."
76561198046050015,Recommended,439190,22381806,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,desert.king90,"Ok here's my review of Stories: The path of Destinies.This games best point is the story, it's interesting, replayable, theres multiple endings, and i found it to be  enjoyable. However i did find some issues with the game. My first issue is the glitches i've found in the game, for example some enemies would disappear and won't reappear  but you have to kill them in order to move on. My second issue with the game is the combat, its really repetitive and bland, it's basically a point click fighting system (if your using the mouse), and countering which is also a point n' click makes you almost unstoppable.  Overall i think this is a good game, it's challenging and the choose your own stories keeps player interested. But please be in mind of glitches that could make you restart the game."
,Not Recommended,439190,32697997,Posted: 23 June,all,Cool Hangouts™,"Game looks and runs well, but it's control scheme just doesn't work out well for PC, seems to have been designed for touch controls. It would be a solid indie title if it had a more conventional control scheme."
,Recommended,439190,22413257,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Tullerusk2,"Cool world, cool story, combat gets really fun when you start unlocking things.Playing on mouse and keyboard, haven't tried controller yet"
76561198121305468,Recommended,439190,22404017,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,miaksiew,"Very enjoyable game with witty narration, interesting storyline.i have encountered a few bugs, but nothing a restart won't solve"
,Recommended,439190,22404452,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Palin Revno,Very good. But a bit repetetive towards the end.
76561198057945696,Recommended,439190,22405174,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,FredTHAreD,"This is a great game, with an intriguing story that branches often. Without giving away too much, I'll just give this one a high recommendation and be on my way."
,Recommended,439190,22418602,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,HappyZavulon,"A wonderful game filled with with charming characters, time travel, and a sense of wonder, aincent artifacts, a true adventure!It's been a while since I had to much fun in a game. Discovering the multiple paths is a treat (and I am a person who usually hates replaying content), mostly because it feels like you are actually progressing and not just replaying the same levels, the narration changes depending on your previous playthroughs.Speaking of the narration, it's great! Feels like you are listening to a quality audiobook.To make the long story short, I think this is the most fun indie game I've played in a really long time (and I am not even done yet!).Quick edit: After playing for some more I can say that the performance is solid (60 FPS at 1080p) and I haven't encountered any bugs."
76561198046132236,Not Recommended,439190,22543121,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Molecular Machine,"Had potential, didn't quite live up to it. I really dislike that I have to play all the way through every level for every choice to get all the endings. It would be nice to be able to skip through levels for paths I've already gone down and only play through the level after a new choice. There's just not enough to do to make all the running around and mashing through enemies worth it. I've also found a few bugs without trying to, the most annoying of which was that my swords suddenly began cycling through the list uncontrollably during the final battle, which led to my death twice.As for the story, I enjoyed it up until the ""true path"" where everything the story had tought me was flipped on its head. Up until the true path, I was taught that letting anyone go off and do their own thing would lead to catastrophe, so I tried to confront Lepino. Which was the wrong choice. And I had to replay the whole level which, mercifully, was short without all the previous side-tracking I'd done. Second, I was taught that Zenobia, despite her affection for Renardo, would always betray him anyway no matter how friendly she acted toward him, so it seemed like showing her the secret base was a stupid choice. Again, I made the wrong choice, died, and had to replay the whole level. It wouldn't have been so frustrating if it had just put me back at the beginning of the cutscene or even the beginning of the previous battle. But no, it sent me all the way back to the beginning of the level. Now I'm so frustrated that I wouldn't have the motivation to find all the endings even if I could skip previously-played levels.A few good points, though: the narrator was great and commented on my actions only rarely, which was the optimal amount; the art in the book is cool to look at; the new ""very low"" quality setting lets my sub-par computer run the game at a consistent frame rate without making everything look like colorful blobs; and the lore of the world is interesting to explore. Unfortunately, I'd rather read a wiki than play through to see all there is."
76561198274732452,Not Recommended,439190,22544175,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,mrfrizzygood,"The game is incredibly fun, if it works. For example there is a serious frame drop in several of the grass path frames acompanying the imperial fleet stage of the game. There is also an issue with stairs where if you try to dash it won't work, or if you slash occasionaly  (disclaimer I have only encountered this once)  it will put you off of the stairs and on a different x level than the floor, so you can't move around and have to restart. By far the worst bug I have encountered so far however is that the elavator to in the temple removes the textures around it at the botom of the shaft and you can not exit it shutting you off from the rest of the game. From what I could play I could tell the story was compelling and the game pretty fun, it's a shame I can't expirience more of it. I would say you should buy it once they patch it a couple of times."
76561198106214946,Not Recommended,439190,28551287,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,ThirstyD.Va,Has I very unique story concept for a hack and slash. However the game can feel very samey throughout and the combat is very basic for this genre. Highly recommended giving this a pass and buying/playing Bastion.
,Not Recommended,439190,33838429,Posted: 27 July,all,melonbeton,You don´t control the character with WASD but with the right mouseclick. Sucks.The angle you´re viewing on this game is too steep.Otherwise it´s a fine piece of art. and I´d give it a thumbs up.
,Recommended,439190,22409066,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,GrimmGutz,Been lovin this game. It's definantly more story driven than anything. Multiple choice adventure story. Good stuff.
,Not Recommended,439190,29557963,Posted: 28 January,all,Ferox,"spent about 20 minutes trying to get the game to play, freezes every time i launch it before even getting to the main menu."
,Recommended,439190,22405645,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Gamer X,"A top down ARPG with a dynamic story. I like the graphics and the fact that the music doesn't overpower other sounds and is just there to set a mood (which it does eloquently). I like that rather than just making you start again from scratch, you keep your unlocks and it takes you back to the beginning minus the tutorial to try the other storyline options. I would honestly probably still be playing this very moment if the game hadn't crashed on me and I realized I should really get some sleep. 5/7 (if you're not an imgurian that's 10/10) will be playing more tomorrow."
,Not Recommended,439190,22533808,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Haunnter,"i personally am not a fan of this game.. i find it extremely easy, with no more then about 5 enemies , you basically mash the attack button and dash around, if you do happen to get hit, you have a sword that heals you and other ones that are more OP, but are just not needed with how easy the combat is overall . also it is supposed to be a cheeky comedy type game, it looks as if they went in the route that Kings Quest tried to go (which i thought was a much better game).overall the game isnt BAD, its well made as far as graphics and it tries to give you replayability by having multiple endings to the game, which is a plus i guess. BUT the endlings i feel get lost and have no real meaning, you run the same map (basically) kill the same enemys and watch the end video then do it again.. and again.. and again... and once more .im 20/80 if i would recommend the game. again its well made, but i find it VERY repetetive and stale ."
76561198071972825,Not Recommended,439190,22536068,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Theki,"Well i realy wana recommend this game but i just cant.I have found a a lot of bugs and one realy realy heartbreaking thing : its iimpossible to skip the cutscenes.For a game that have a lot of difrend endings waching the same cutscenes over and over again.If they make a button to skip the cutscenes then i can recommend the game , but not before that."
,Recommended,439190,26353245,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,The Grey Sibling,.
76561198031608102,Not Recommended,439190,24540736,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,.42.,Repetitive sums up this game.
76561197975102110,Not Recommended,439190,23739491,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Firedancer,"Less than a hour played and already had the game preventing me from accessing my desktop, forcing a system reboot (who in their right mind grabs global controls for a client application?)!This seems to be more of an issue in the loading screens (which take forever - the whole game feels pretty sluggish).Enemies were stuck in unreachable places, blocking any progress (since you aren't allowed to leave the area while they haven't been defeated yet).And the windowed mode is not really a windowed mode. The mouse can't leave the client area of the window. Which kinda defeats the purpose of even offering a window mode (also still grabbing global controls).The gameplay (and storytelling) itself seems to be fun, but in that hour I didn't get to an awful lot of actual gameplay...To sum up: I really like the concept, but F for sloppy execution."
,Recommended,439190,22381325,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Captain Jack Gundalf,10/10. This game can pass.
76561197990188583,Not Recommended,439190,26424453,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Sinatr,"No.Good story which you build by making choices, interesting concept of combat, awesome arts and music...But...... it's too short and then you have to replay same levels again (hopefully choices later will alter levels you have already visited)... there are 24 endings, but to achieve those you will basically have to replay starting level 8 (!) times each..... controls are terrible and can't be changed, plain Z, X, C would be 1000% times better choice for PC port.... for some reasons I am constantly dying in combat due to spikes of activity (nothing, nothing, nothing and then 3 mobs attacking) or not working keys (my character stays and doing nothing).... there are very little of action and ALOT of blablabla, perhaps it's a personal taste (I don't play novels), but if you were like me thinking: ""Oh, cool, looks, it's action rpg with so good rating"", then you are wrong - this game will very ocassionally entertain you with battles..... too long loading time, will not even comment this one, Far Cry 4, GTA 4 and Rise of Tomb Raider will all together load complete (huge) map FASTER than this baby will load just one small map (out of 4+ needed to finish one story).. ""Please wait, loading""...... consolish UI, as often happens if developer targets too many platforms then PC players have to suffer: you have to use mouse to return from any menu (ESC is only shortcut for options menu, you have to use mouse to return to game even from here), 4 swords doesn't seems to fit 1920x1200 and needs scrolling lol, I don't know if it's possible to make gem management worser (order doesn't matter, so why not 3 freeking checkboxes, dear programmers?)..I enjoy the game for slightly less than my played time.. and it's only few hours for such a slowpoke as me.. ><No replayability of course and I am not willing to play it any longer obviously.."
76561198030920805,Not Recommended,439190,22527483,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,gws5597,"The artwork is nice, but there's no gameplay to go along with it."
76561197997115656,Not Recommended,439190,22642891,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,deadken,"Interesting story telling mechanism, but the combat system fails it.It should be obvious a system is broken when one of the most useful strategies is to put down the controller for 10 minutes, let your energy recharge, use the Hero sword to heal, then put the controller down again, and wait for more energy.Or simply die for 1/2 health.  What the hell were they thinking?"
76561198082958767,Not Recommended,439190,28069037,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,XXXKITTYSLAYERXXX,"i've been waiting to play this game since its launch and im finally get my hands on this. but my poor rig cant play in super high so i play in super low which is totally fine for me. i try to change it in game setting but its takes tooooo long to load. black screen forever and i cant do anything so i press alt+f4 and launch the game again and after some logo appear and then the floating fortress anddddd black screen take over and i cant play it at all. i really want to give this game a ""YES"" but..... yeah. if anyone know how to solve this problem, pls tell me. thanks"
,Not Recommended,439190,33384357,Posted: 8 July,all,JDRPG,"Buggy, boring combat, and terrible writing. Everything is tell don't show, which is bad enough, but there are constant problems with information coming out of left field, as if you were supposed to already know. Plus, you can't skip any of the cutscenes, even if you've seen them before. The only positive is the Narrator, who has plenty of quips for a variety of situations, which is the only polished part of the game."
,Not Recommended,439190,22426592,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,andrewsav,"This is a rather frustrating game. Here are my gripes:- Not an RPG, a visual novel. Narrator is blaberring non-stop, there is no way to skip and instead of playing you are listening. For a visual novel - good - for an RPG - bad.- There are scrolls in the world with a wall-o-text. So feeding you generous helpings of story aurally is not enough, you are also supposed to spend another 5 minutes reading a god damn scroll. Well at least you can skip *that*.- The loading screens are black. I'm not kidding you. You do not know that it's an area end, and suddenly your screen turns black. Out of nowhere. Did my PC just hang? No, that's a loading screen. It just happens to be tastfully pitch-black, no embelishments, no boring tips, no nonsense!- The game is ""optimized for controller"" but it loses controller all the time. I mean I can move the mouse with steam controller, I can get to steam menu, by pressing the steam button while in game, so obviously controller itself works, and steam can talk to it, it's just the game itself suddenly stops reacting on controller button presses and stick movements. Not a kind of optimization I like.- You cannot alt-tab from the game. The initial loading screen was taking too long and I made a mistake of alt-tabbing. That locked my machine well and good and I had to reboot. Switched to windowed mode for the next attempt to avoid that- By the way, in the window mode they lock your cursor to the window, so although you are in windowed mode you cannot move your cursor out of the game window! Even if you want to click that little cross in top-right coner to shut it down. May be that's what they meant by ""controller optimized""?- There are altars and ""crafting stations"" in the game. At altars you improve your skills when you gain a level and at ""crafting stations"" you improve your weapon when you collected enough ""ore"". This makes sense. What does not, is that as you move forward, the areas behind you get closed off by something looking like an energy field. God knows why. Probably because developers did not want to deal with the possible bugs causing by player back tracking, so they just desided to close it off for a heck of it. This feels unrealistic, but on the top of it it's also annoying. Say you are one ore short to upgrade your weapon, while next to a ""Crafting station"". You go around the corner and find the missing ore. Now you want to go back to the crafting station, but no you can't it's now closed off. Wait for the next one.- Finally, there are check points right before a battle. If you happen to be low health on the checkpoint, you are screwed. You get your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you, but your only save is to right before the battle with your miniscule health. You can't win and you can't do anything, because you cannot go back and heal. So game over, start from the beginning.I think I'm done.***Update***: so I finished the game today, took me 9 hours in total. This is how it went.- Playthrough 1 - Discoveted 1st truth- Playthrough 2 - Discovered 2nd truth- Playерough 3 - Discovered 3rd truth- Playthrough 4 - Unloced key plate  icon that guides you to the final truth- Playthrough 5 - Discovered 4th, final truth- Playthrough 6 - Finished the game, a golden key icon indicated the correct story choiceSome of the gripes above lessened as I played the game but some are not.The most annoying is still that you cannot go back and you do not alway know when you are goint to be blocked off. For an OCD person wanting to explore every possible path, this is supper annoying.What turned out to be a lesser problem is health. If you end up a fight with amount of health less than a half of a total health you are topped up to half of you health for free. Did not realize it was the case when wrote the above.*Some* narrative are skippable. But it does not help a lot because most are not.Black loading screens you get used to after a while. They are not long anyway.Controller disconnection plagues this game (working fine with other game so this is not a controller problem it's a game problem).It's not possible to view your stats, or weapon stats, or skill descriptions, or weapon abilities if you are not at altar and/or crafting station. Was that really that difficult to add a button that shows them when you want to look at them?If you have a program such as instant messanger that pop ups messaged on top of a full screen game, that locks the game. Quit everything that can do that before you play.And window mode for some reason only activate after the game is loaded, that is the game always start at full screen and then if you chosen windows mode resizes itself in a window. I find this pretty lame.There are very few enimy types:- normal melee- sheild- fire mage- support mageThat's it. You also have eyes but they are trivial, and they never participate in battles with other enimy types, you simply pick them up one by one from behind or from the sides.This game done right might have a lot of potential, unfortunately I cannot recommend it the way it turned out."
,Recommended,439190,22379818,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Duski: Unboxer Ultra,"Back from a promised retirement, a wise...ish Fox starts a grand adventure! ....and not a perticularly great start either~I just want to start by saying this game is pretty darn good, perticularly the pretty aspect, The game is quite impresive and fits the tone very well, infact the design choises I've seen are very well done!The games combat is fast and free flowing but a little simple, although that does play to the speed of the fights which are a joy to play, However this may just have been me, but the enemies seems somewhat slow~ it was almost as if I was winning just tapping X, they didnt seem very hard to fight...The game itself also seems slightly unstable and a little jumpy, but not the worst, may also have just been me but in my shart play time the game has crashed on me twice, once due to a fatal error reguarding the use of big picture...which I wasn't using, but it may have just been the steam controler.Overall, its day one and I'm sure these problems will be fixed :)I'm currently on the 2nd chapter of my journey and I cant wait to play more! Hopefully a little smoother next time...Have a cookie, and Keep working devs! If you fix the bugs there shall be more! :3"
76561198163018080,Not Recommended,439190,23507204,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,DylanB,"I had heard good things about this game from some youtubers that I watch, and even now I'd still like to play it. The problem, though, is that I CAN'T play it. It took 20+ minutes to load the START SCREEN! After 4 more segments of loading, with none being less than 4 minutes long, I threw i the towel. If the game decides to work for you, I hope you'll enjoy it. Unfortunately, I'll be trying to get a refund."
,Not Recommended,439190,29270313,Posted: 15 January,all,SALTYtheSACK,"ProsCool little story  idea for a casual game.Art style reallly vivid, looks ccol.ConsCombat controls probably the worst I've came across. Ever.Camera while fighting kills it."
76561198059185958,Not Recommended,439190,22407832,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Sparky the dolf,"1st of I want to point out that this game is very good and I'm not marking the game down at all based on the story or the gameplay as such.the reason why I have voted this game down is because of the way it runs.I was really looking forward to this game from when I 1st saw it but unfortunitly I was dissapoined when it came to actualy playing the game.Before I go on I am playing on a laptop with resanaly high specs.(nvidia GTX 950M 8GB ram and I7 prosseser)But the 1st thing I relised about the game is how little there is in the way of setting. There was no option about V-sync or anything to do with graphics settings, thats my 1st problem with the game.But the main problem I have with the game is how it runs. For me this game cant stay at a constent framerate. Like when I'm running around it goes from 30 to 25 to 15. yet when I'm in a crafting menu it goes up to 60 yet if I go to the main menu it back at 30.I have no idea why this happens and to me it makes no sence why it should be happerning on a high end laptop. and ajusting the setting really dosnt help and turning off full screen makes it worst.The final thing I want to mention is how long the loading times are for me. I was waiting for a good 5minutes for the game to eventualy load. Personaly I thought it was loading the world so that I would'nt have to worry about it loading around me but due to the bad framerate I dont think that was the case.over all I think this game is good and I really want to play more of it, but due to how badly its running I cant see me playing this game on the move.by the look of this game it looks like it was made for 60FPS which makes it a real big shame that it just cant be played at anything else."
,Not Recommended,439190,29467630,Posted: 24 January,all,drumstick182,"It's above average. Don't expect an overly humourous narrative, it is mildy amusing from time to time but in a 'dad joke' type fashion - it is not witty as you are led to believe. There is nothing here you can really associate with, the characters are just sort of 'there'. The story is oddly tedious, with nothing there to make you really care what happens from the off set, you will find yourself just switching off from it which doesn't leave much. Combat is ok, skill tree is standard RPG fayre - you will spend a lot of time feeling like it is leading up to something but just never does. If you're after a very entry level action RPG with nice looking environments this may be for you, but there is nothing here story or gameplay wise you will really connect with - its a bit of a husk. Good if you're just discovering games. The music is beautiful however. This was my experience for the first hour - there's just not enough there to get me to go back :) Some people will love it however."
76561197993670834,Not Recommended,439190,23811165,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Zeph Grey,"How is this getting such good reviews?  The combat is alright, even good, but for a game which claims to be so reliant on its narrative (and takes a lot of cues from Bastion) the writing is abysmal! Massive plot holes, characters just conveniently know information with no indication of HOW they know, options are offered to the player with no explanation or president.  The list just goes on and on.If you're just looking for combat through short, linear levels, I guess it's alright, but the ""story"" of a game called Stories shouldn't be so poorly written. Maybe there was more explanation in the other story choices (it constantly felt like I was missing something) but how is it a choice of narrative if one option simply skips over large portions of plot?All in all, this game just confuses and disinterests me.  Also, the art direction is...not to my taste. Not recommended."
,Not Recommended,439190,22397745,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,CAPTAINXYOSHI,"Loading screen simulator, and a poor one at that."
,Not Recommended,439190,22427819,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Hunter,"Got 12-15 fps at 1280x720 resolution with graphics set to low on my PC which was above minimum requirements. That reminds me, devs changed the requirements in a sneaky manner after launch (even then mine should be above the minimum requirements) Here's what they hadbefore(they had already changed them on Steam so I went to GOG to get what they listed on Steam before). It would have been fine if they weren't so secretive about it or at least announced that to the community.Posting the previous and current minimum specs for sake of comparisionBeforeMinimum system requirements - Windows: 7 / 8 / 10, 64-bit OS requiredProcessor : Intel or AMD Dual Core or higherMemory : Min 2GbGraphics Card : GeForce8800 GT, Radeon HD 5750, Intel HD Graphics 4000 or higherDirectX : Version 10+Disk Space : 2Gb minMouse, KeyboardAfterMINIMUM:OS: 64-bit Windows 7, 64-bit Windows 8 (8.1) or 64-bit Windows 10Processor: Intel CPU Core i3-2500K 2.0GHz+ / AMD CPU Phenom II 570Memory: 4 GB RAMGraphics: GeForce 8800 GTX, GT640, GT730, Radeon HD 5850, HD Graphics 530DirectX: Version 10Storage: 2 GB available spaceSound Card: Stereo"
76561198036353473,Not Recommended,439190,22450317,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Bilbö Swaggins,"Buggs, buggs evrywhere."
,Not Recommended,439190,32992591,Posted: 29 June,all,captaindinosaur,Game isn't working
76561198077901994,Not Recommended,439190,33218863,Posted: 4 July,all,Cicket,"Im really disappointed in this game. I bought it because of the rave reviews. I tried to load the game and I waited for almost 20 mins for the main menu screen to come up, and it never did. I also tried this on a second computer to make sure it wasnt my system messing up. Im really upset. the trailers and the reviews make this game out to be fantastic. I really wanted to play it!I hope this issue gets fixed for anyone in the future ."
,Not Recommended,439190,32338352,Posted: 11 June,all,Skittycatpaws,"It would be a really good game...if you got past the first loading screen. Unless this is a glitch, something wrong with the download, or you are really good with computers then don't get the game."
,Not Recommended,439190,22384879,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Teru,"I played 5 minutes of this and most of it was loading screens.What the hell?Not only is it badly optimised but everything looks squished and weird.This legitimately hurt my eyes.No, thank you."
76561198053652741,Not Recommended,439190,22375667,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Vending Machine,Optimization is honestly just horrible. At this point it's just unplayable.And also you can move and even attack during cutscenes (at least during the first)... what?
76561197964466717,Recommended,439190,30415180,Posted: 9 March,all,GeneralChaos,"Kinda great. Combat gets a bit old as you play, but never gets so easy that you can't concentrate. Story is wonderful."
,Recommended,439190,30517516,Posted: 14 March,all,TrainsHurtPeople,"Surprisingly fun, the score from Metacritic does not do it justice in my opinion. The stories that intertwine can get same-y after a  few runs, but I genuinely enjoyed seeing where each path led. Would highly recomend."
76561198009746882,Recommended,439190,30640408,Posted: 20 March,all,Brunohästsvans,"Great story, lots of humour with minor RPG-elements and lost of fast-paced action. Loved it."
,Recommended,439190,30607575,Posted: 18 March,all,PunkJax,"A flawed, but still incredibly fun game.This is a top-down action adventure game. If you like those types of games, you will probably enjoy this one. The story and characters are cheesy and hackneyed, and they rock it. The combat at times feels like wild button mashing, but it still feels very satisfying and requires good timing and quick thinking later on. The leveling system at times feels unnecessary and unrewarding, but can leave you feeling powerful during the times when you need it.This game is captivating enough to keep you going. It's not perfect by any means, but it's definitely worth the buy."
76561198144656503,Recommended,439190,30504284,Posted: 14 March,all,HiwaoftheEast,"Great game, great concept, delivered more than was expected. Narrator added character and humour to the game and was well voiced, and the variety of endings really make you want to keep trying for all of them. Gameplay can get repetitive and boring when you're grinding for all the destinies/achievements however, and the inability to skip most cutscenes really gets annoying. The weapon progression could've been better, and gameplay can be very clunky at times. Nevertheless, recommended: 7/10"
76561198073362032,Recommended,439190,30720362,Posted: 24 March,all,hcps123,"Stories the Path of Destinies is everything a CYOA (Chose your own adventure) fan could ever want.  It's what Telltale games ""claim"" to be.  A game where your ever choice DOES matter and leads you to a different ending.  And unlike Telltale games the creators of this game actually bothered to put in a freaking combat system, level design, and level up system.  Now granted the combat, level design and level up system is just ok, and if you're like me and trying to get all 24 endings it will start to feel old/repetivite to you by the end.  Made worse by the fact the game only has roughly 6 different levels in it.  However if you're only looking for the true ending you should be fine.Still I appericate the fact the creators went to the effort of including these things unlike some other lazy organizations *Cough*  Telltale *Cough*.  But obviously the true selling point of this game to you is going to be it's writing.  This is through and through a CYOA game.  If you go into this looking for darksouls you're going to be disappointed.  But if you're going in looking for a TRUE CYOA game where more than just the last 2 choices you make in the game matter, where the story itself changes upon every choice (from the first, middle and third) you're going to have a great time!  The writing and dialgoue is great and 90 percent of the 24 endings are all completely different from each other.  It really does make me wonder what this studio could do if they had the funding of someone like Telltale.Lastly I do have to point out that this game does suffer from several bugs in it.  While nothing ground breaking or that you have to work around, they happen enough that it does need to be mention."
,Recommended,439190,25338552,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,unwaveringresolve,"Fun, but somewhat repetitive. IF you want to unlock all 24 endings, you'll be playing through the same 10 or so level maps over and over again. This game could really have benefited from a path-map system, like those of Radiant Historia or the Zero Escape series."
76561198003292839,Recommended,439190,24432589,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,FLKttn,"A fun little hack'n slasher.Great concept which reminded me of the old PS2 game, Shadow of Memories.The writing isn't ""laugh out loud"" funny, in my opinion, but it'sgood enough to keep me entertained throughout and there's a ton of it."
,Recommended,439190,25091234,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,oBerry,"I honestly don't usually like hack and slash games. This game is the exception. It was incredibly well done and absolutely beautiful. Sure, it was easy, but that was what made it fun. The enemies were weak, sure, but the crucial need to dodge always kept you on your toes just enough that you felt like you were cool and good at the game, while being able to effortlessly tear through enemy after enemy.Some will argue that the limited levels are a con, but I think that it was actually a pro. It's hard to explain why, but it REALLY fit the idea of ""reliving the same thing"" well. And since each time you choose a different way to get there the narrator has new dialogue, it keeps the levels feeling fresh.I do only have two gripes with this game, but they are very minor. After a while, certain mechanics seem to not be needed, which made me kind of sad since I liked using them. For example, you could get a skill that rips the shield from a shield carrying enemy. But there's also a skill that lets your dash through them and knock them down, removing their shield. Or a gem that makes you destroy their shield when you hit them. And in the heat of battle, those are more enticing than using a grappling hook.My second complaint is the... rather weak ""good"" ending. It didn't feel right. The entire scene, I was waiting for something to go wrong, but it pretty much just said ""and against all odds and your sneaking suspiciouns, you lived happily ever after. Despite not making scientific sense. SPOILERS intended for those who have played:I really didn't like that the king blew himself up with the core and didn't shred reality, but when we tried the universe explodedOther than that, the story was amazingly well done. It's a short game, but it's still definitely worth the price. A must have in your library."
76561197992523568,Recommended,439190,24915100,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Clockwork Raven,"A rather enjoyable little game. The narration was perfect and very little repetition kept the game fresh in a game designed to be about re-living bad choices. Final fight was a bit rough compared to every other fight in the game and needs a little balancing for the sudden crushing brutality of it. Charming, with a plot line that brings a tear to ones eye more than once, it uses parts of the Reynard Fox tales for character names. Very enjoyable. Aimed perhaps at less than hard core players, or teen audiences."
,Recommended,439190,25059425,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,xKemosabex,"I loved every second of the game!  I'll probably be back to discover the rest of the fail-states and get 100% completion, but for now I'm quite happy with the happy ending!The combat is smooth and simple, but fun.  It's very mashy but I never became bored with it.I definitely recommend this to anyone, especially gamers like parents or people who are in the presence of children often.  It's on a very short list with games like Sly Cooper and Ratchet and Clank of games I feel safe playing with/around the children in my family that aren't dumbed down in the gameplay or story-telling departments."
76561198274778254,Recommended,439190,30866882,Posted: 31 March,all,SomeStingRay,"Great game, love the story, the humor and the random little quips as you play along.  Fun gameplay and skills"
,Recommended,439190,25430253,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,gay and dead,Re:Zero With Furries
,Recommended,439190,25421689,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Dr.Raccoon,"Listen. This game, is good♥♥♥♥♥♥ If you like adventure multiple paths and a whole lot of fighting like a cool person you will like this game. Some of you might be a little put off about the anthro animals and I say get over it. Enjoy this game and all of its glory. Looks great and it plays well so I rate it 10/10. (P.s I was going to put 9 out of 10 but to be honest I personally didn't run into any problems that weren't my fault so yeah)."
76561198028106053,Recommended,439190,25499661,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Styms,"I saw this game in a quick look on the Super Best Friends Play Youtube channel and decided to pick it up after seeing some gameplay. I soon fell in love with the combat and the story. The combat felt excellent and very smooth, the only thing i noticed was when you hit a certain amount of skills the combat somewhat becomes a chore since your so powerful, esspecially if your trying to get all the different endings. I also did have some game breaking bugs where i had to reload the level due to not being able to move(Dont have the Void Sword activated during any scene, i.e. opening chest, cutscenes, etc.). The game play a lot of homages to movies and games which i enjoyed. BTW please for the love of god play this with a controller.Pros:-Great combat(you'll die a few times but not hard)-Great story telling and plot lines-Enjoyable characters-Very charming graphics-Major Replayablitiy with multiple different endingsCons:-Even though the combat is fun once you get a good skillset fights become lackluster-Some bugs are game breaking where you must restart the level-The length of an actual story run is maybe ~20-30 minutes-God bless you brave souls who uses the mouse and arrow buttons"
76561198010056727,Recommended,439190,24327513,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,JTHusky,"Stories is a fun, if basic, action-RPG that hangs the bare bones of an enjoyable, but slender, gameplay experience on a truly intriguing story system (hence the name). You play as the fox action hero Reynardo as he battles ravens with the (in-cutscene-only) rabbit bandit Lapino and cat sorcerer Zenobia. The cel-shaded, heavy-bloom art style has a lot of charm to it.Gameplay is your basic timed-strategy mash-X-to-sword action game, novel seven years ago in Arkham Asylum but done to death since then. While this one doesn't reinvent the wheel in that respect, it uses its basic building blocks well. Beating the crap out of ravens does get old by the time the credits roll, but some new skills and perks that regularly pop up are fun.The game would be simple fun, but tiresome, if it weren't for the story system. You can complete a storyline in an hour at most, but the hook is that there are 24 stories. Each one differs depending on the branches you decide to take at different points, and you need to keep going through more branches to unlock the full story and help Reynardo win the war of the ravens and toads. You need to play through five stories in total, minimum, to beat the game. If not for the overarching plotline I almost wanted to give up before the finish line, but occasionally the swordplay sings (especially when you're racking up 100+ combos) and the story plays out strong enough to keep you invested to the credits. Most people will want to look up which storylines get you through quickest - you need to find four ""truths"" in-game, each one of which is accessed from six endings. But it's easy to make mistakes depending on your choices. If you get stuck doing two or three plotlines that unlock the same story piece, you'll lose interest well before the climax, and only completionists will play the 25 hours or so necessary to do so.Those who churn through games like butter may not be enthused about this one. It's a 7/10 competent brawler raised up by top-notch story innovations. But there's enough fun in there to warrant a recommendation, especially if/when it's on sale."
76561197998727958,Recommended,439190,24365039,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,The Malachite Stalagmite,"Bland name, passable gameplay, interesting concept, excellent atmosphere and storytelling. Think Groundhog Day, recast as heroic fantasy with talking animals and a streak of dark humour."
76561197972325684,Recommended,439190,24494787,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,havendell,"Excellent game that uses a great narrative framing device.  This is how to make a mid-budget game.  It has strong mechanics and a clever progression curve that transitions you from fighting to survive into exploring the game's overarching narrative.  Nice, colorful aesthetic with plenty of variety in level design, although there's plenty of ""backtracking,"" so to speak."
76561198031152346,Recommended,439190,24586587,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Kurteth,"A fun choose your own adventure style game with humorous dialogue, good characters, and fast paced combat. Definitely worth it. Lots of replayability, even if the levels start to feel a little similar. But the difficulty ramps up rather quickly the further along in the game you go. Many endings and lots of choices. A great game to sink some hours into!"
,Recommended,439190,24604789,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,A KnownFelid,"Now, I don't usually review games, most I find to have enough good reviews already or whatever, here, I think there could be a few more. The game for all it's faults, is amazing, through the semirepetitive gameplay, the occassional bad pun (the narrator diolouge has enough put into it so that you never really hear the same line twice I should add) and near overpowered endgame where its actually a challenge to die, the game has an amazing story, or plethora of them I should say. Pretty much every story is decent in its own right, even if you know the twist that could be coming, its a pretty good chunk of story. Hell I actually enjoyed this game to the point of when I finally found the one ending where ya don't die and everything turns out well, I actually read the ending credits, think I am lieing? Nikola Tesla is in the special thanks section for some reason."
,Recommended,439190,24517227,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Alfinch,"Don't be put off by the generic sounding name; 'Stories: The Path of Destinies' is something a little different from your average hack & slash adventure. Although flawed in many ways (sometimes frustratingly so) it's sufficiently interesting to be well worth checking out if you can get it in a sale.At face value, Stories offers fairly standard gameplay for this genre with a good combat system and plenty of upgrades to craft and collect. It feels solid for the most part and didn't become boring during my time playing, although it's nothing which hasn't been done before.The key innovation here is Stories' branching narrative, which offers a smorgasbord of different, comically disastrous endings depending on the many decisions you make in each playthrough. Each ending only takes an hour or so to reach, but it takes multiple attempts to see all of the available content and you’ll learn more about the world and its characters each time. This in turn allows you to make better decisions and (hopefully!) reach a positive outcome, of which there is only one. The constant narration is witty and varied enough to keep things interesting through this process, and the levels keep things fresh with branching paths which open up as you upgrade equipment and abilities.Reynardo, the hero, can have up to four swords in his arsenal, each with different powers to be activated in combat. They’re not terribly effective however - there was potential here for tactical switching of weapons, but you're better off choosing your favourite and just sticking with it for all the difference it makes. Thankfully, alongside the weapons there is a gem system which offers passive perks and a genuinely great skill tree. All upgrades feel like they make a difference and there's a lot of variety there. Some of them, such as sword-fu, drastically change the flow of combat, and in a game all about choices this feels perfect.Stories does come with a few caveats however - first of all, if you don't have a gamepad, just forget it. Combat with a keyboard and mouse in this game is painfully clunky and feels like an afterthought. Keys aren't rebindable and are laid out in a very odd way which will have you contorting your left hand to switch swords and activate abilities.Secondly, and avoiding spoilers as much as possible, during the ‘true’ ending there’s a fairly long combat sequence with large and varied waves of enemies, and here the combat system falls apart a bit. With so many targets it becomes hard to know which enemy is locked on to, which can result in dashing into danger, failing to counter obvious attacks, grappling the wrong enemy… the list goes on. This unpredictable targeting is a really big, core problem with the combat which doesn’t appear in the smaller battles which punctuate the vast majority of the game.Another issue which appears with so many enemies on screen is that, unlike most games with similar combat systems such as the ‘Batman: Arkham’ series, an unlimited number of enemies can attack at once. It’s possible to go from dominating to dead within a fraction of a second because four of five enemies hit at once. This can be avoided with careful timing and rationing of the dash ability, but when it happens it feels incredibly unfair.Despite these issues though, Stories is worth your time. The writing, narration, score, aesthetics and combat (when it works) come together to create an unforgettable little gem of a game. Exploring different options and seeing the consequences is addictive, and finally making all the correct choices and getting the true ending is very satisfying."
,Recommended,439190,24527774,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Zero Gravitas,"I absolutely adore this game. The story is great, the action is fun, the worlds are gorgeous. There's nothing to hate here!"
76561197990387017,Recommended,439190,24339954,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,kecal91,"Really fun isometric action-RPG with robust combat system and fantastic, branching story-line."
,Recommended,439190,24337422,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Junk Knight,"This is a really great game, the narrator is fantastic. The game has a great classic fairy tale vibe while at the same time delivering just the right amount of snarky jokes, cultural jokes, and in jokes without over doing it. The comabat is good for a game of this type, it feels solid and is challanging enough. My only complaint is that depending how long it takes you to unlock the truths playing through different levels mulitple times can get kind of borring. Overall a great game."
76561198071035729,Recommended,439190,27369318,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dis_conected,a true hidden gem
76561198273132929,Recommended,439190,24378569,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Rookie,"Its good game the way of choices is fun, it make you want to see most endings, the combat is smooth, fast, and fun,  but after 4 to 6 times the worlds get a bit redundant it make you speed run it to make the next choices to people who like to make choices and good story tiling this game worth playing."
,Recommended,439190,23781157,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Tummyache,"I had heard nothing about this game before buying it in the sale.  So far it's been really good.  I like the story and the branching paths are compelling.  I am a little tired of being ripped out of the game to be read a story by the narrator, it would be a lot better if the branching paths were integrated into the game itself, but it still works.I have to say that the combat does get EXTREMELY frustrating at times.  You'll go to grapple the shield from one enemy, only to have it smart target the exploding guy next to him instead, instantly killing you.  Or you'll get bored of the constant clicking and try to grab an enemy to throw him off a cliff, only to have every enemy on screen attack at the same time while you're defenseless.  It seems like whenever I try to play by the game's rules and do something fancy, it pulls some cheap ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and punishes me for it.  Aside from a few too many cheap deaths, fighting is fun in the game overall.  In fact I find myself wishing there were more enemies most of the time.Probably my biggest gripe with the game is that they put the most important resource in breakable barrels, and then patronize you when you break a lot of barrels.  I'm kind of sick of the quips about how many barrels I've broken trying to get ore when it's something that I NEED to progress.  It was cute when Bastion did it that one time, but it's kind of lame when you hear about it every 15 minutes.EDIT AFTER COMPLETION:  So I got the final 'true' ending, pretty unexpectedly.  I was hoping that the branching paths would coincide a little bit more and I'm disappointed that out of the 25ish endings, you only need to complete 4 before you can beat the game.  This is probably a good thing though, because I was starting to get tired of the same 6-7 stages that never seemed to change.  Overall I still think it's worth the purchase, but I feel a bit let down by the end of it."
,Recommended,439190,23809763,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Broq,"Love the story telling of this game, and the combat is really good if you are into action combat like batman arkaham or hand of fate"
,Recommended,439190,23805801,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,sithboi,"Introduction: A game made by a company that I did not know of until now has created this one of a kind game where you play as a sexy fox pirate, that wants to be the hero. Technically, it's like a zootopia kind of thing and it's still great.Pros :- Amazing gameplay and storyline ( Since you can change the storyline itself )- Funny narrator ( He made gimmicks to some pop culture )- Combat system is great ( but jerky at times )- Replayability ( You can play it non-stop without getting bored. )- Supported low-end computers ( like mine )Cons:- Bugs still appear ( Once after I broke a barrel, I became stuck to the ground. / While in combat, the ravens would follow and dash really fast to me even though I avoided their attacks)- Became very overpowered too quickly ( Well it's hard to say that you become overpowered but with the correct weapon upgrades and skill points in the early stages of the game you could easily slash through the ravens. )Conclusion:This game is the best at storytelling, as it is a very unique game currently. I'm still on my way to perfecting the game and I hope that they will make Stories: The Path of Destinies 2 later."
76561198122087838,Recommended,439190,23785928,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Retardadaraat,"This game is Beautiful!*Spoiler Alert*First 30 minutes of playing this game , I already loved it...I loved the Narrator or the Boss (called by Iblis Stone)The narrator was so communicative,  He responded to everything you did in this game, like destroying barrels or something...The design of character was pretty unique and stylish...The combat system was simplistic, and also very good animations.You won't get bored, why? because every choice you've made makes you always curious.Well, this is a game for everyone that loves simplicity and good story.although there were some bugs that need to be fixed, but i still love this game!8/10 (for really good story)***sorry for bad english***"
76561198052668694,Recommended,439190,23789914,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Balrogix,"Let's address the white elephant in the room: This game you will not be playing for its gameplay but most likely solely for the story that it will give you. You'll have to face the same levels again and again if you want to get all endings (25 in total), but you can get the best with as little as 4 (But where is the fun in that).Is it worth it to get all the endings?In my case, I enjoyed each ending I acquired (all of them). Some I laughed, others I was taken by surprise, and there were those that touched my heart.How is the gameplay?Simple. It may take a bit of time to adjust to the keys, since you cannot rebind. The levels sometimes change when you play through, and they usually have more than one path, but if you go for every ending, you'll discover sooner or later which path has the quickest route, be it one less fight or simply because you don't walk as much. While I did not get bored and was able to enjoy each time I fought a group of enemies, mostly because each fight has different types of enemies and quantity of them, and also because I am used to grinding. Oh, and there are also some nasty bugs related to the wind sword, so here is a tip, don't use its special ability.Are there bosses?No.Did I enjoy it?Yes, a lot.If you are not someone that can bypass simple and/or repetitive gameplay/level for the sake of knowing what happens next, then I do not suggest it for you."
76561198012897699,Recommended,439190,23821743,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Zarkys,"Fun, humorous, action... what else ?"
76561198018861359,Recommended,439190,23771425,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Harashique,"Great game! I would love to play it to see all the different ""Endings"" but I felt it got a little too repetitive after a while. Got the true ending though!"
76561198077943171,Recommended,439190,23771647,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Galdrum,"The story is interesting, the combat is quick and fluid. I also liked how things are not as they seem to be."
76561198154076857,Recommended,439190,23806748,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,NixZoir,simple it is a good game. There is good amount to play
76561198040540687,Recommended,439190,23807576,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Serpenz,"okay so i just played it through.And i must say: Its a great game. Good story, good narrator, i like the graphics.But there are some downsides:- The talent-system is a joke.- The combat-system gets repititive fast. Also its not really innovative.- The one reason, this game is actually good (the decision-making) is flawed.The last point really bothers me. I'll explain, why. But this is gonna containSPOILERS! Its a great idea and it feels new. But i feel like previous runs don't influence future runs enough. Though I know, the rabbit is a traitor, I still trust him over and over again, going for different endings.I could live with that, because i see the necessity of it. But it also works the other way around: At some point, the narrator told me a fact, which I didn't know yet. And thats where the system makes a rod for it's own back.Last but not least I am disappointed by the ""perfect"" ending. On the one hand it's lame and boring in my eyes - but that's in the eye of the beholder. On the other hand though, it's simply inconsequent. I mean everyone died. The Imperator and his fleet exploded and the rebels were killed by Zenobia. That's basically the ending, which leads to the second dark era. Yes, the heroes survive and fly to some magical paradise. But all the islands have to fall in banditry, right?TL;DR:A story-driven game thats fun and innovative for a few hours, but its got it's flaws.Buy if in sale."
76561197987557514,Recommended,439190,23807849,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,DucknCover,Great story!
,Recommended,439190,24104790,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Rex,"Amazing game with over the top story telling. i cant get enough,"
,Recommended,439190,24095258,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Poopdeck Pappy,"A 'Pick your path' story driven action RPG told in a narrative similiar to Bastion.The narrative changes as you play, some chapters you might replay but the narrator will remind you of things you have learned from the previous telling of the tale.  Possibly to make a different choice?Is there deja vue?  Sure, if you want to see all of the endings.Satisfying combat, similiar to the Batman series.Crafting is for progression.Skill trees to build out your hero.Don't be put off by the animal characters.It's a well done piece of art.10/10  Would make Zenobia purr again."
,Recommended,439190,23898803,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,RaLF,"Well, I expect the game to have like... 5-8 different ending but when I finished the first story(playthrough) I found out that it actually has a lot more than that. 1 playthough of this game take about 1 hour to finish. But that is just one of the possible ending you can get and also, definitely not the true ending. So what did you get from that playthrough? You get some information about the whole story, a little bit of info the will help you find the correct path, the path to the true ending.Okay, this game is about choosing destinies. You'll venture the world slashing enemies and in the end of each chapter you'll be given choises, that will branch into more choises in next chapter. The combat is fast-pace and pretty fun to play. They are many different way to explore. You'll miss a lot of loots but you can come back and get it later in the next playthrough of the story. And if you ever play/heard of the game ""Bastion"" this game has a lot like that game, the camera angle, the narrative. If you enjoy that game you'll probably enjoy this game too.The good- Graphic and music is pretty good. I love those beautiful fireworks.- Combat is fluid and fun to play.- Narrative gameplay like bastion.- The way they tell the story is interesting, I like it.- A lot of endings- Jokes and puns- After finished the true ending. I still want to play more, and I did.The not good- Loading is a bit long but reasonable.- Glitchs, not a game-breaking one, just confusing one.- At some point the combat will be boring. Or maybe my character is just too OP for the enemy.- To do a new story you'll have to start at the begining. Wish it has a chapter selection menu, it will save a lot of time.- I want more skibable cutscene.To sum up. I recomment this game.  [ 7.5 / 10 ]Find out what kind of hero you are. A good hero that get stab in the back. A wise hero with super weapon that accidently destroy the world. A hero that get incredible power and destroy everything!   ...wait that didn't sound like a hero at all. Well, it's up to you to choose what kind of hero you'll be. Maybe choosing to take this evil-looking stone might be a correct way to happy ending, who will know right?"
,Recommended,439190,24026190,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,kevbot,"A great game!1 - Combat is fluid and is always fun. New techniques and abilities to use. Diverse amount of enemies to keep it interesting.2 - Art style is beautiful.  It's a mix of realism with cartoon aesthetic with the influence of cell-shading.3 - Culture and Humor. The Protagonist is a funny fellow and relatable. He sometimes casts jokes about himself or about his enemies. If you are a memester you will definitely get them. The narrator is funny and authentic. A great mix of a story time grandpa and the radio golden voice.4 - Plot. Very interesting approach to choices and responsibility to those choices. You will definitely play this game multiple times.In the end, I enjoyed this game. I played about 4 hours and had a blast doing it all.Lots of replay ability and great laughs through out.I purchased this in July 2016 at $11.89I feel like at that price it's a reasonable purchase; any lower and it's a must buy!"
76561197973212819,Recommended,439190,24056395,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,chronomodra,"While I do think it could have been longer, and implemented a few more features (like bosses, for example), overall this was a fun game with interesting premise/mechanic."
,Recommended,439190,24081229,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,HockeyKong,"Stories is a game with many great highs and one ridiculous low. I probably spend 3 hours of my play-time just trying to figure out if I liked it or not; I think I do though.The major problem with the game is the writing. The basic idea of the story is fine, cool even. You find a book that outlines your future, but everything branches like a Choose-your-own-adventure story. The primary object of the game is to find the best possible outcome from the choices you make. (Groundhog Day style)Unfourtunantly the execution is completely absurd, with characters acting rather childishly and some of the dialogue and statements coming off as extremely inanappropriate for the situation. I'm convinced a 12 year old wrote this. (Which, if one did, I'd say they actually did a fair enough job.)THAT HAVING BEEN SAID, the structure of the game was fantastic, and it has one of the most fun combat systems of any game I've played off this type. If you think you can get through some of the head scratching and groan inducing dialogue, I wholly reccomend this game."
,Recommended,439190,24052688,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,DAFRANT,"Kind of story driven Action Game, with the interesting part being the story (and the desire to get all of it) and the worse part being the combat. Not really challenging gameplay, a few questionable design decisions and a lot of repeated areas due to it's natureif you want to get all the minor stories you'll have to repeat every area about 6-7 timesare being compensated by dry humor (even some memes), a really good artstyle and aesthetic, and the mentioned good story.Recommended if you like(d): Bastion, Good ArtNot recommended if you don't like: Repeating, Easy gamesPlaytime: 12h complete (shortest would be ~3h), no replay value when completed"
76561198043574001,Recommended,439190,24083032,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Ball Shaped Man,"This is what Rogue Like games should spire to be like. While not Rogue Like in the most pure sense, close enough for me. The story and characters make the game easy to love and draw you back in to learn and discover more and find alternate story threads.That being said the game isn't perfect, on high with all but AA on I got high 50 FPS on a 970 and AMD 8120 @ 4.2 GHZ, for how the game looks I would expect low 70s at least. Still early release so that is no big deal and still very playable.Once you've played through you can skip the cinimatics after you make a selection but not before which was the biggest item keeping me from wanting to explore further particularly for unselected choices deep in the set of already explored paths.In the end totally worth it and I wish there was more to explore, 5+ hours in and I find I've explored all I will yet wish there was more of substance to explore. If I could skip to the sectiond I hadn't panned out or reduce the chatter before making a selection I think I would explore futher.Great game!"
,Recommended,439190,24081855,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Moloki,"great game,  my only issue is the controls in the key board.  moving around with the mouse kinda sucks, find myself not moving or attacking into an enemy instead of moving. wish i could change the controls."
76561198010017914,Recommended,439190,23796570,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,dkocher,A fun and very Bastion-esque game that can be picked up and put down quite handily making this a perfect game for those of us who don't have alot of time to play but enjoy a good story.  Definitely recommended!
,Recommended,439190,23814157,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Trias,"Very fun game, trial and error to get the good ending using the truth you learn from other attempts to help guide you."
,Recommended,439190,23814232,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Terrabull,"Really enjoyable combat! The game is a bit repetative, but that's almost the point. I'm really enjoying it so far :)"
76561198104374512,Recommended,439190,23793911,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Porcupine,"If you enjoyed Dust: An Elysian Tail you'll enjoy this as well. The story is just as wonderfully woven together and the gameplay is just as fun and challenging. If you don't have a decent gaming rig, get it on PS4 instead! I highly recommend this game! Much better than other minor ""furry"" indies that seem to be finding their way out of the woodworks. ;)"
,Recommended,439190,23746228,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,OtterParty,"This game surprised me in the best kind of way.If you dislike repetitive gameplay and tryhard pop culture humour are an immediate turn off, this game is NOT for you.If you're like me and dislike both of those things BUT love good storywriting, compelling characters, and unique game design, this game IS for you. Just... be patient.Pros: Fun to play. Cool story. Smooth combat. Awesome characters, great art.Cons: Repetitive (i mean it IS a time loop video game, think Groundhog Day or Edge of Tomorrow), humour that feels like it was focus tested on the kind of people who thought that godawful ""dubstep is hip!!!"" robot from Borderlands was a good idea, kinda weird ""one narrator voices all the characters in different accents"" voice acting. Which, admittedly, grows on you.Cons list is bigger because those are my ONLY complaints. Get rid of those (or at least soften the blow on the repetition grind with further customization options) and the game's an instant 10/10 for me!"
76561198027958570,Recommended,439190,23819157,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Dr. Tran,"Failing in order to succeed. That's the general premise of this game. Play a few levels, make a few choices, inevitably fail. But your character ""learns something"" each time you fail.Even though the combat felt kind of awkward at first, after a few levels I got the hang of it. And the graphics are gorgeous. I personally, love the artstyle with both the gameplay, and the hand-drawn aspect of the ""cutscenes."" It gives the game it's own unique feel.I don't know if I'd say the game has good replayability or not, considering that you kind of *have to* replay it several times in order to get the ""good"" ending. The narration style akin to that of Bastion keeps the game flowing well, even when things aren't actually happening on screen. The actual story aspects of the game are kind of cliche from what I've seen, although not terrible. And there are plenty of story choices each playthrough, leading to several different endings.The only real issue I had was that the levels have nearly no variation on continued play. Aside from the occasional door you couldn't open before, the levels are identical. Sure, there are a couple of different enemies that weren't there before, but the fights all happen in the same places. It makes the game feel really grindy.Overall, I enjoy this game. It has a fair amount of content, and I do intend to at least get the ""good"" ending at least once. I would recommend picking it up while it's on sale.**********PROS-Combat is satisfying when you get the hang of it-Game looks gorgeous-Plenty of story choices to makeCONS-Levels are repetitive-Combat feels clunky at first"
,Recommended,439190,22726458,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Arkeey,Perfection!
,Recommended,439190,22800617,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Germaximus,"Beautiful visuals, excellent music, a simple yet deep combat system, and entertaining story. Lots of different paths to take where choices actually feel like they matter, changing the story noticeably based on your decisions rather than just some small tiny little detail change.I won't feel like I've completed this game unless I've played through every single path. Really fun and awesome game!https://youtu.be/jC6uvfAR1Ks"
76561198045735890,Recommended,439190,22687019,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Tyara,"The game is well made and so far really fun to play.It has a nice storyline and sometimes not so nice choices for you to make.It's definitly worth giving it a try and play it.If you liked the game Bastion for example, there's a good chance you will like the style of this game too.After making sure that the developer allowed it, which it says on their hp that they do, I also made a little let's play video of it, so if you wanna see a bit of the beginning of the game before deciding to buy it, here you go.https://youtu.be/Y60Ss414D88"
,Recommended,439190,24192067,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Shinjuku,"Great storytelling, i bought this because of that and the game was up to the promised.  I totally love how they allow you to explore the storylines without waste your time trying combinations that you already did, they guide you with freedom. A really refreshing game."
76561198240914016,Not Recommended,439190,24159901,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Devon,"this game has too long loading screens, it takes forever just to start a level. I haven't even been able to start the game because of this issue. I cant really review it but for now a thumbs down."
76561197966828790,Recommended,439190,32973581,Posted: 28 June,all,Sempiternity,"This game *Stories* is pretty awesome. For one thing it plays with the narrative as the core of gameplay, and for another that narrative is literal - it's all narrated, with diferent voices (by the same actor!) for each different character. So different! Also, it spins out the story using elements of the Reynard the Fox fairy-tales, which is always fun. (I'm thinking of the comic 'Gunnarkrigg Court' here.) Drop in an endless barrage of pop- & geek- culture references, and you've got all the makings of a modern-day story-book adventure.Thanks @Blackfox"
,Recommended,439190,33070937,Posted: 30 June,all,Gaunter O'Dimm,Good art + the story concept is so great... I like it
76561198005878772,Recommended,439190,33035191,Posted: 30 June,all,RetroSpidey,Worth every cent.
,Recommended,439190,33147143,Posted: 2 July,all,MarcosMS88,"I'm still trying to take all the paths and get every possible ending.It's plain addictive fun game however I'm really dissapointed that this game is poorly optimized as frames drop from time to time. Also there are some combat glitches and the game is buggy as hell (Platforms dissapearing, characters not showing, being unable to walk unless spamming the dash button, stuck in cutscenes, etc.). Finally, it's cool to be able to take a different path every time but dialogs and animations repeat once and again and won't let you skip them... That is annoying as f!""#.Regardless of my own experience I suggest you to get the game on steam sales and give it a chance."
,Recommended,439190,33154891,Posted: 2 July,all,StoneyWoney,"Pay a low price for a highly charming experience.It's easy on the eye:Clearly defined colours, beautiful level design and sweet special effects. The textures lack a bit detail, but design is more important than texture quality.It's easy on the ear:If you like narrators who interact with the hero as well as the player in a funny manner while telling a good story with a soothing voice (like ""Bastion"" or ""The Stanley Parable""), then you'll love this narration.It's easy to play:Note that I just finished 2 stories out of a list of over 24 outcomes in this game, so things might change. But as far as I'm concerned, the fights and puzzles might be a bit too easy to play. But then again, it complements the good storytelling, because it wants to give you the feeling of ""reading"" a book instead of facing the hardest challenge. So you have to expect something to enjoy in a more relaxing manner when playing this game.All in all it appears to be very well thought through. I didn't encounter any bugs so far, the plot ties itself together through the various playthroughs in a manner that is surprisingly consistent for a story which can go in every possible direction."
,Recommended,439190,33158668,Posted: 2 July,all,Kranchan,Pretty neat! :D
76561198060926212,Recommended,439190,33037003,Posted: 30 June,all,ambre.coste,Thoroughly enjoyed playing this game and learning to understand its intricacies. I really enjoyed the smooth combat mechanics and challenging fights as well as the endlessly ridiculous comments by the narrator.Main downsides were that it really isn't optimised for running on a PC and that you can't modify the controls. Other than that this game is 100% worth playing!Will be recommending it to friends!
,Recommended,439190,32996794,Posted: 29 June,all,OK | Fluffykatana.iP,"Overall it's a ggIt's not too long if you only play till the credits (5 hours for me), but it has a total of 25 endings to complete. Good for completionists. This game can fulfill that desire that us gamers have to make all the choices and see all the possible outcomes. Some of the endings are funny, others tragic, and some stories even play out like a Romantic comedy movie( not the biggest fan of this myself, but hey... it's there and not too bad)The only thing I could put against this game is the slight repitition towards the end, combat stays nice all the way through though. The thing that repeats too much for me personally is the environments.I can wholeheartedly recommend this game as one of the best single player experiences out there, a game that let's you complete all the ""timelines"" to your hearts content."
,Recommended,439190,32993561,Posted: 29 June,all,Nix,"Brilliant RPG. Fantastic story, enjoyable combat and great soundtrack. Couldn't ask for a better game.Only real downside is its quite linear, repeated environments (But thats part of the story) and its short in length."
,Recommended,439190,33139569,Posted: 2 July,all,Lombras,"This game is definitely not perfect, but the concept of it is really interesting and if you like story driven games you should definitely give it a try.For me the performance was pritty bad. The game is not to graphically challenging, but still lagged through some parts.Controle is actually pritty good, but sometimes it feels unresponsive.I didn't like the time slow mechanics at all. It just slowed the gameplay down strangely. I'd definitely suggest not investing in that part of the skill tree for a long time, until you get bored of the actual gameplay.This game is definitely not good because of the gameplay, but for the story telling! I don't want to spoil too much of the story, but this is the perfect example of a rogue lite game done well. The mechanic is intertwined with the story in a way I've never seen before, which makes it a really interesting game!"
,Recommended,439190,33240101,Posted: 4 July,all,BIB'SFIHA,good af
76561198012579513,Recommended,439190,33234671,Posted: 4 July,all,Fikolaz,"Absolutely amazing game. While it is on sale, it is practically a steal."
,Recommended,439190,33162237,Posted: 2 July,all,Verbal,"The genius of the narrative and overarching game of ""Stories: The Path of Destinies"" easily makes up for its somewhat clunky combat at the start of the game. The fact that you can equip items to make said combat unclunky is further reason to try this game."
76561198104375327,Recommended,439190,33167358,Posted: 2 July,all,Ginfoxy,"Only through a few endings at the moment, with many more to go, but I already know I'm going to unlock them all, and i'm not even a completionist.This game is a set of fables, but instead of the player learning a moral, the character learns a new conclusion. Speaking of fables, this game reminds me of the original Fable game, in the sense that you can choose your own path to a certain ending, whether that end be for good or evil. Very satisfying.Do you like:Animal anthropomorphizationSkillful upgrading hack-n-slashChoose your own/multiple endingsNarratory excellenceIf only one, you should probably passIf two, wishlist it, wait for a sale and give it another look.If three, you'll more then likely, really enjoy it, but mabye even more for a few bucks cheaper.If you like it all... then this is the game for you! Stop reading and start playing!"
76561198043280684,Recommended,439190,33213516,Posted: 3 July,all,Admiral Rad,It's pretty rad.
76561198062514864,Recommended,439190,33236075,Posted: 4 July,all,Supernorry,The art style is amazing. There is humour and a good story. Also the guy that is telling the stories tells them really well.
76561197992229015,Recommended,439190,33326534,Posted: 6 July,all,Dire,"A beautiful game with a neatly crafted story presented in the style of a fairy tale book...a very dark and bloody fairy tale book. Despite the presentation not really a game for small kids ;)Basically there are 24 paths to your destiny. After a brief introduction the game really begins, allowing you to make choices over 5 short chapters (one run takes about 20-30 minutes). With each path you unlock a different (bad) ending, which means you die. The game then restarts in a sort of groundhog day fashion, with you being able to relive your choices again and again until you (hopefully) pick the right combination after you have gathered all 4 clues along the way (I think you cannot pick the right combination from the start, since the choices are likely not even available to you, since you only found out about that particular thing after unlocking the hints). There are also a few more paths that end in you immediately dying and respawning at the beginning of the respective chapter and there are also some sub choices in 2 chapters that prolong the game if you want to experience them all. Technically you could finish the game in 5 runs though, which would make the total play time about 2-3 hours.The game fields 4 different paths (Rescue friend, turn former lover, use the doomsday device, use the demon stone) and 4 characters (Reynardo the hero, Zenobia, Lapino and Isengrim III). Each of these paths has multiple endings, each with their own voice over and unique story and once you unlock one ending for each path you will have enough hints to finish the game (there is only 1 way left to complete the path no matter if you make ""wrong"" decisions along the way). Imho, the interesting part, however, is seeing ALL the different endings, since they are all quite entertaining and unique. Also, ecah path changes the playstyle a bit, some make you more powerful, others weaken your character for example.Along the way you will gather experience to upgrade your character and resources to upgrade your weapons as well as use these weapons to unlock special doors and receive unique gems that enhance your character. The combat is relatively simple with a sort of Arkham style gameplay. The more you level up the easier combat gets.Sadly, the game does have more than a few shortcomings:- You HAVE to start the story from the beginning each time, which means you have to play through and watch a lot of choices you've already made (example 1,1,1,1 and 1,1,1,2. Here you will always take the first choice and only the last one is different, yet you have to go through all the known choices again). The worst part is that you cannot skip the introductory sequences at all, which get longer and longer the more paths you have already unlocked. It's also extremely unnecessary, because:- After about 8 or so runs you will have gathered all the upgrades in the game. Yep, all of them. You can unlock 4 swords that change your combat style a bit and unlock various doors where you can get the special ingredients from chests. This can also be quite random by the way. And that's pretty much it. A few more runs and you will have all the gems at max level (3). After that you will still get materials for completing a path, even though you can't possibly use them anymore (this seems to only take effect after restarting the game by the way). All chests and breakable objects hereafter will for some reason ONLY contain health drops anymore, not even energy, which:- You need to use your swords' special powers, but since you can't replenish your energy anymore (unless you slot a specific gem, which gives you tiny amounts back after killing something), your sword powers became basically useless and can only be used very rarely.- The only gameplay incentive after that is the skill tree, but since levelling up later on takes about 2 or 3 runs, this makes it very infrequent. After having played through all possible paths (one even twice by accident or bad design decision to be honest), I was still not able to max it out (needed 4 more levels or so). The problem with the skill tree though is that the skills don't necessarily complement each other. For example: early on you need to use the hook skill to remove enemy shields, later on you get the ability to throw enemies at other enemies and remove shields that way or dash through shields, and even later you get an ability to instantly kill an enemy after having achieved a combo of 20 hits (where as a critical hit - another talent - counts as 3 hits), thus making the other options less useful, especially if you simply equip the gem that lets you hit through shields. Yay. So, by the end I didn't even really use most of the unlocked skills. I simply dashed through enemies, which stunned them, which let me instantly kill them, which built up my combo meter after a few enemies, which in turn let me kill all other enemies in a matter of seconds. It's just a weird design decision and seems like the team wasn't really experienced.- Enemy variety: After the first few runs you will have met the 5 different enemies...- Map variety: Since you only have a few chapters, you will be replaying the same maps over and over again. Maybe some randomly generated maps wouldn't have been the worst idea...or at least some elements be randomly generated.Honestly, if cutscenes could all be skipped, you could select specific points in your journy, and if the pacing with unlockables and skill trees would be reworked (more unlocks, why can swords only be upgraded once? Why not 5 times? Why not make enemies stronger accordingly then? And generally if the game had more variety it would be awesome. Like this it's just merely ""good"", but thanks to the very low price at sale especially, it's an easy recommendation."
76561198081768306,Recommended,439190,33356486,Posted: 7 July,all,Kefka Gestahl,"Stories: The Path Of Destinies was a game that I enjoyed enough to get all of the endings on twice - once on the PS4 and once on Steam.  I'm glad that I played it and I give the game my recommendation, but it's extremely clear that the game suffers from some serious pacing problems and the multiple endings are mostly rendered pointless as a result.  You see, there are 25 endings in this game - 24 bad endings and 1 good ending - but you onlyneedto see one bad ending in each of four categories to unlock the good ending.  If you play the game that way, the pacing is fine.  You'll unlock the few abilities you'll actually want to use, upgrade your swords and find some nifty gems.  Then, you'll beat the game and feel like you didn't waste your time.The problems manifest for those who go for all of the endings.  When you beat the game 25 times, you have no reason to explore by your sixth playthrough.  You'll already have all of the gems and all of your swords upgraded.  You'll still level up, but most of the abilities aren't really useful once you reach a certain point in the game.  So you're basically just mindlessly running through the story.  The paths can be entertaining - the writing is often sharp and I really liked the characters - but they all lead to bad endings so it becomes an exercise in futility.  You can learn truths early on that should change the narrative flow of the game, but in most paths, you're forced to ignore those truths and just watch helplessly as Reynardo makes stupid mistakes and dies.The gameplay is fine.  Having played it with both a controller and mouse/keyboard, I didn't have many complaints with the controlls.  It would have been nice to be able to move my character with the WASD keys, but I got the hang of the mouse-based movement fairly quickly.  Zipping around the map, slashing enemies and using elemental sword magic was enjoyable early on, but again, playing through the game 25 times is bound to make everything monotonous.  There aren't a great variety when it comes to enemy types and there are no bosses to speak of, which may disappoint some people.But at the end of the day, I'm asked if I recommend this game or not.  I do recommend it, as I've said.  It's not a perfect game, but there is a great foundation here for a future sequel, should it actually come to fruition.  But even if this is the only Stories game ever made, it's worth playing even if you only do the bare minimum to get to the good ending.  The other paths are worth checking out as well, but you should explore them at your own pace and not hammer through them one after the other.  It's a fun game, but it grows stale over time."
,Recommended,439190,33355788,Posted: 7 July,all,MaverickZero,Great game. I'd argue this is as much of a hidden gem as Hand of Fate. Truly shines 2 hours in and lasts up to 6-8 hours (while you build up to the *true* ending). Not perfect but very entertaining once you embrace the quirks and little moments.A major turn off early on is the combat without having any abilities/upgrades and the high requirements to build each sword (to open new paths). Luckily most of the things you might think you're missing are insignificant and by the time you reach the true ending you'll have most likely maxed everything.Note: the last 2 achievements are absurd due to the HUGE time investment required and attempting to 100% this game will feel like turture.
76561197986416959,Recommended,439190,33441866,Posted: 10 July,all,MrH,"A fun little game that doesn't take its self too seriously. It reminded me quite a bit of Bastion. I enjoyed the art style and the narration for the most part and the gameplay was responsive and enjoyable, but there were a few technical issues, a complete lack of video options bar low, medium and high, asset load hitching, a few areas where performance was noticeably lower for no reason and it was capped to 62fps with no way to change it. Overall though I enjoyed it."
76561197998386790,Recommended,439190,29593075,Posted: 30 January,all,xrazorbladex900,"Great game, love the way that the story develops. even after completing the ""ideal"" path, i went back to play out some of the other stories. Even though the combat is simplistic it was very entertaining, controls are very tight and responsive"
,Recommended,439190,29588523,Posted: 30 January,all,NymeriaSand143,"Despite its childish and light-hearted feel, Stories: The Path of Destinies is sure to entertain RPG fans of all ages. It has a strong narrative-driven gameplay, solid controls, and the multiple endings ups the replay value. The comical art style and humor makes level and item grinding and exploration fun.A minor bug with the mouse pointer disappearing mid game is present, but can be fixed by relaunching the game. Must-have if you're looking for a beat-em-up RPG with heavy story elements."
76561198041770250,Recommended,439190,29588771,Posted: 30 January,all,Romero,"a really good game, would have been nice to have more maps but i found myself still liking it for the storyline and finding it difficult to try to make the correct choices. was able to beat it under 8 hours though so would have liked to have had a longer game, but i forsure recommend this."
76561198145604972,Recommended,439190,29389029,Posted: 20 January,all,loader963,"Love the artstyle and the story. Needs more skippable cutscenes though, you will go thru so many of the same scenes, over and over. Also combat is meh til you start to get leveled up a bit."
,Recommended,439190,29364404,Posted: 19 January,all,SickB,"This game is worth the asking price and more.High Replayability (you even have to replay it, you can´t win the first time through).Pretty Graphics and a very funny (and good) Story."
,Recommended,439190,29532865,Posted: 27 January,all,PineappleKat,10/10 lots of emotions and i to fell in love with Zenobia ;-;
,Recommended,439190,29527593,Posted: 27 January,all,Lúceen,"The clouds parted over the Isles of Boreas. It was time to choose.What it is? Condensed to minimum, this is a Beat 'em up with RPG elements and a little intricate storyline. The progression is following: you make choices and try to experience minimum of 4 different endings, thus unlocking Truths, which are facts on which you can rely to find ""Real Ending"". Each play takes about an hour, and ultimately in 5 hours you can finish it. On top of that, it's a strange turn on ""keys and doors"" cliche, where your sword is a key to a certain door type (total of 4), and in order to get one you'd need a little bit of grind, secret hunting and crafting.What I disliked about that choice system, was when after 4 truths were unlocked, the game itself almost pointed me in the right direction. Didn't have to think much.Quality? Pretty high. There are some minor glitches with movements, but nothing game breaking, or nothing that can't be solved with ""Dash"" move.Combat system? pretty simple, if you ask me. You have 1-4 swords with their powers, dash/dodge, counter, hook,  grab'n'throw move. There is total of 6 types of enemies. So in the end of the day, it gets a little stale.Graphics? Well, not really my place to tell, because I played on minimal settings. However maps are designed well, lots of eye-candy frames.Soundtrack? Pleasant, not really catchy, something along the play. Doesn't cut your ears though. I suppose this is a good type of soundtrack, just enough to keep you in the mood.So, in the end, this is a good thing to pass time with. If you like time travelling, choice and consequence, you should definitely try this out."
,Recommended,439190,29510169,Posted: 26 January,all,PrincessInterrupted,I just completed the main story and I adore this game. It was fun and witty. It kept me laughing. It doesn't take too long to get though the core of the story but there are so many more endings and truths to uncover that I'm sure to be playing it for much longer.
76561198070014591,Recommended,439190,29495835,Posted: 25 January,all,*****,this is a very fun game. took me a few hours to finish but i really enjoyed every moment of it.the crafting was lots of fun - wish there was more of it.hoping to get a DLC sometime or maybe Stories#2? who knows??highly recommended
,Recommended,439190,29488314,Posted: 25 January,all,Wadsworth,"This game rocks - it's a little cheeky and a little odd and a little surprising and a whole lot of fun. It really scratched my itch to participate in a good story with unexpected twists and turns, to laugh,  and to kick the feathers off of hords of raven henchmen."
,Recommended,439190,29494591,Posted: 25 January,all,Professor K,"Short and Sweet, totally worth a playthrough (grab it on sale)"
76561198160078020,Recommended,439190,29497193,Posted: 25 January,all,Luis_Alberto,"Simple and fun. Not the longest, but if you enjoy games you can replay, and bitter sweet stories, it is well worth it."
76561198049714945,Recommended,439190,29491583,Posted: 25 January,all,Doomteam,"Great game. Reminds me of Bastion and Transistor.The story is very well written, the narrator cracks me up in a good way andcombat is simple yet fun. Totally recommended."
,Recommended,439190,29490953,Posted: 25 January,all,Astori Heichalot,"Great story, really, little dark thoughVoice acting somewhat....intriguingCharacter doodles are amazingMultiple choices, multiple outcomes make a great RPG(not a furry)"
,Recommended,439190,29587229,Posted: 30 January,all,Wolfbeast,"I've watched a friend play this game and it looked great, well-thought-out, and when it went on sale I got it myself.Overall, it is a great game, and I recommend it to people, withone exception: If you don't have (and don't intend to get), or can't use a game controller, for whatever reason, then skip this one. I found it absolutely unplayable with mouse controls, and if that wasn't bad enough, timing with the mouse is also iffy (and timing is everything in fights here) with it simply being unresponsive.So, overall a recommendation but with the critical note that this is, very much, to be considered acontroller-only game."
,Recommended,439190,29685523,Posted: 3 February,all,Sieg Heil Schmetterlingspuppe,"I loved it, too lazy to write the actual review so I'll do it later, lol."
76561198089609370,Recommended,439190,29681847,Posted: 3 February,all,Joojinho,"A bit buggy, but still a great game"
76561198077986765,Recommended,439190,29936419,Posted: 14 February,all,Green7Wolf,"Very fun, humorous and interesting. There are so many different storylines to follow through it will keep you going no matter what. 10/10"
,Recommended,439190,29854858,Posted: 11 February,all,Logical W0lf,"A great game with a very interesting story where your choices matter with a fun hack n slash combat with 4 different kind of powered swords.this game is really well done and as you complete stories and restart your game to go for a new path the game gets tougher each time wheater its with more enemies or different ones.Gameplay:Its a hack n slash with 4 swords that you unlock as you play and gather mats( i got 3/4 on my first play if im not mistaken), the power ups are simple and arent really game breaking until you level them to the max then some of them can be abused for easy clear but you cant just spam it you got a max use until you regenarate your MP which brings a bit of element of stratagy in the game.This game also uses levels that you can get you speacial skills to help you( there is one skill that insta kills mobs when you get combos higher then x20 so unless you just want to know how all the storys goes i dont advise you to get it since the game gets extremly easy)Levels: you got multiple levels each one pretty different from the other and as you are replaying you got different paths to try and the game itself modifies the level so it doesnt feel repetetive to quickly, you have some mini puzzles and plataforms that wont really be a wall but a nice change of pace.Story: there is so many ways to finish this game and for the most that i went though felt funny and interresting never really boring me out, each of your choices mathers on how it will finish which i found it great and it got me hooked and knowing more.Music: it does its job not really memorable but its good on the ear.Overall its a great game with good gameplay and story that i advise you to play and its also not that expensive for what you get in return."
76561198028986594,Recommended,439190,29836426,Posted: 10 February,all,danielqsf,"Great Game! Brilliantly narrated and well writen. Fun battle system that remains interesting for a long time (although not for all the possible story outcomes ). Interesting way to make decisions count for narrative.If you are looking for a fresh, beaultifully crafted, narrative experience with light RPG elements and action, this is your game."
76561198163529433,Recommended,439190,32975764,Posted: 28 June,all,Ben10BestAnime,Wow this game was great im suprised that more people dont play this game in a way its kinda like shadow the hedgehog if anyone remembers that you know the story path and how the game sucked but anyway thats what made the game a great and really unique well sorta the story branch was great having to choose beetween 2 paths and then going back and playing it again getting diffrent endings was really cool and along with the combat and the diffrent sword elements and skills was pretty fun.
,Recommended,439190,28821993,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Alex,"The awesome game! It has an unique concept of thuly unlinear stories, and the way to find truths is amasing. I'd like to see next game of this developer, but with much more enemies, mechanics, mysteries and other things for variative gameplay.It's a little monotonous and must be upgraded. And if you find the right ending, you most probably won't check other endings. So this game is too short if choose correctly.9/10 for originality and stories."
,Recommended,439190,28948839,Posted: 2 January,all,FuzzyPones,"Fantastic fiery fox fighting for friends, finding forgotten feline fangs.Narrator / Narrative: Magnificent and FunnyStory: ImmersiveMusic: OutstandingCombat: EncouragingWhat this game needs on top in my opinionBetter level lightingMore enemiesand mini-bosses / endbossesLess experience for opening the later SkillsGetting Levels instead of Ores after a Path is done after unlocking all swordsOverall, this was unexpectedly good. Whoever wrote the narrative has really a hand for funny, emotional and coherent storytelling.I'd could only imagine if this had the money and backing todays triple A studios get for repeatedly boring games.This game is worth every penny and more considering the price of this gem.The only downside is the missing variety in enemies and a more interesting late-game combat wise.Overall this title is a must-buy in my book ;]"
,Recommended,439190,29101724,Posted: 7 January,all,[STaB]@BLeeP,"The game play isn't anything to write home about, but it's not horrible either. The magic comes from the choices you make and the stories it creates. The whole thing reminds me of a Don Bluth movie, with the talking animals and high flying adventure. Definitely a game you should grab next time it goes on sale."
,Recommended,439190,28752650,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Naar Might,"Well what an enjoyable game, probably the sort of game that will make you exclaim ""what an enjoyable game""It is short and sweet, possibly a bit too easy, the groups of enemies only become a interesting at the end, and they could possibly have made another few enemy types. But at its core the Stories are fantastic, and it is tempting to go back through and get everyone. I managed to double up on one secret which made me happy that it did not auto push you into the correct path.So give it a go, it has a wonderful sense of humour to it, that is sure to raise a smile."
76561198041649379,Recommended,439190,28904810,Posted: 1 January,all,Sigmund,"An enjoyable game with a nice story with multiple choices, fantastic music, and high quality voice acting/narrating.Graphics are pleasant too, specially the handdrawn. Characters are pretty funny and interesting.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,439190,28909853,Posted: 1 January,all,Fardeau,"A fun, if unpolished and simplistic game.The game suffers a lot of issues from the get go: Minimal Settings options, No control customisation, prone to crashing and very simplistic combat that's somehow the meat of the game.However, there's real charm behind the game that makes it hard to not recommend. The game does a good job of world-building through the story elements and has a cast of engaging, if a little 2-dimensional, characters.The constant narration in the background adds to the charm, although it's a little flawed. The juxtaposition between the serious story narration and the silly humorous happenstance narration can be really jarring (Going from talking about the stench of death, to making a joke about breaking barrels). Similarly, there's a lot of one-liner pop-culture references which come out of nowhere.In spite of all the flaws I enjoyed the game enough to complete the 'main' story. There's a lot of branching paths to still explore, but I don't think I'll find the interest to explore them all.Worth a look, but don't expect perfection."
76561198052361293,Recommended,439190,28915943,Posted: 1 January,all,monkeyes26,"Great Game: Fun Combat, Good Storyline with many endings (part of the gameplay is replaying the game to discover new endings), Funniest Game I've played all year. A sleeper hit,one of the best games of the year easy."
,Recommended,439190,28818400,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Ø| Knight_73,"Probably the most interesting game I've played, with the most enjoyable way to experience a story. It's some sort of choose your own adventure, but with only one real ending in which you win. The only way to succeed is trial and error, experimenting with different choices, and learning ""True things"" to help you find out the best path. After that it's a cake walk to an ending I haven't seen yet. (If you care to know why, read the stuff below, otherwise just skip to the last bit where I mention combat.)---The only problem is that even with the lowest settings, my computer seems to turn into a toaster. It's usually not to bad. if I just spam the attack button and hold down the healing swords ability, I can tank any fight, and continue onwards to another ending.Sometimes, I even get a wonderful moment, where there is no background to load! Just me, the enemies, and a smooth running game. When that happens, it's probably the most enjoyable game I could play! I really enjoy fighting, especially when it's as smooth as those blue-moon moments. But usually it's not like that.I've played this for a bit now, and gotten past some laggy moments, long load screens (Probably due to toaster electronics) and made it to the TRUE ENDING! which I shall not spoil, that would be rude. That, and I can't get past the last fight scene. It's too laggy, and the enemy horde too big to tank through like every other lag fight.Sometimes, the land won't even load in, and I'm ""Floating"" in mid air as I stand on invisible ground.It's worth it if you don't use potatoes to run pretty games. I'll have to live with the cliff-hanger I've ended up with, but if you have anything better than what I have, and you want this game, go for it. You probably won't regret it.---Oh and on a side note, others say the combats a bit repetitive, but IMO it's alright by me. I could see the repetitive argument and why some would say it, but I enjoy the way it goes.On an XBOX controller, you press X to attack, A to Dash (If unlocked) and Y to hook things (It's a mandatory unlock, but it's not there at start.) You get 4 swords and their abilities that you can use with Right Trigger. You can cycle weapons with the Dpad. Combat is usually pressing X between multiple enemies to beat them to a pulp via a chain of attacks, or to preform a counter attack if an enemy attempts to attack you. You can use abilities in combat, but I'll let you find them out yourself.You can also get 3 Gems in your glove (There are more than 3, and you can swap what you have at a bench.) which do minor things to affect your game such as attack speed, and damage resist etc.Thats it, really. I've probably missed something. Anyway It's a pretty fun game, try it out.EDIT: I almost forgot! BUGS! I don't think this is due to my lag, it seems more like bugs, but Dashes don't always work to the full length of a dash. I seem to get caught on small bumps in the terrain, and can't dash up/down ramps at all. It's caused a few many deaths when Dashes don't workDashes also get me through the invisible walls that line the maps playable areas, and I can get stuck in those said walls, or stuck behind them. I bet I could use this to speed-run this game somehow, but it just gets me stuck.Dashes and attacking props on the map can also make me sink into or even THROUGH the floor itself.I've also gotten stuck on-top of an enemy, somehow. It happens mid-combat in the more laggy areas, so this might actually be lag. Enemies also get stuck on me, or hang mid-air sometimes aswell.And to top it all off, Chest's loot doesn't always launch out properly, and can get stuck in the box! I'd like my apples and blue tomatoes please! Atleast gems and sword ore/essence pops out properly!"
,Recommended,439190,28842759,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,WejasVecna,"This game was a blast.  I got just over 20 hours in and did just a bit over the minimum to ""beat"" the game.  If you enjoyed Bastion or enjoy hack and slash games that allow you to pick your story path that can branch into hours of additional game play this will tickle your fancy.Even at full price of $15 it was still worth it for the hour to dollar ratio and being on sale it's a very strong buy."
,Recommended,439190,28691450,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Toastasaurus Rex,"So on the one hand- the actual game is pretty Jank. The combat is only alright, fun enough once you get into it. The exploring and moving and occasional pseudo-stealth or platforming bits aren't that sharp, but they aren't too terribly annoying either. Objects seem to be a bit wonky in how they interact, pickups will ocasionally go places where you can't pick them up, and, once in a blue moon, whole platforms just won't load and will be invisible even as you walk on them.On the other Hand- None of that ruined the experience for me. None of it was a huge deal. In some ways, the project is charming for how janky it gets, but none of it was ever bad enough to be a problem keeping me away from the things the game does right-The story and the world and the way you explore it are all WONDERFUL. Seriously wonderful, I love all of it.I love all the characters, who are everything they need to be for the story to work and nothing more, I love the revalations of all the horrible things that can go wrong during the course of your efforts to get something right, I love trying to figure out all of the crazy different pathways and variations that can happen with every ending, and I love hunting down all the wonderful ways this game can kill your character horribly.It's a unique experince to explore this game and try to figure out how to make this story work, and it's a wonderful ride to get there. If you can push through the janky bits, the experience is fantastic."
,Recommended,439190,29200910,Posted: 12 January,all,Crimson Justice,"Stories: The Path of Destinies the kind of game where gameplay plays a secondary role to its somewhat gimicky expanding narrative. There are more than 15 endings unlockable, so there is a lot of replay value to this even after you achieved the True Ending. That said, while it can be very repetitive especially after a couple endings, the gameplay can be enjoyable. Combat feels like a very very watered down version of Bayonetta considering you can rack up combo's and lunge at enemy from enemy at breakneck speed. Also time freeze.It is still a shame that the game lacks any boss fights since all the cool showdowns are occuring, sadly enough, during cutscenes -- so gameplay is essentially treasure hunting & weapon crafting while slashing through waves and waves of soldiers. The game does ramp up the difficulty when you reach the True Ending, so I'll give it that.All in all, this is a game especially for those that love to see the branching paths and outcomes of their choices accompanied by approachable gameplay and a quirky yet loveable narrator. It's fun -- also a perfect game to go achievement hunting considering the amount of effort I've put into it is moderate yet I'm almost at 100%. Though I suppose the last few achievements require some extra dedication."
,Recommended,439190,30107208,Posted: 22 February,all,MushroomScarab,"This game has middling gameplay, a fairly interesting story and an innovative story layout which sets it apart from others. Firtly, the presentation is very nice, graphics very pretty looking with sharp colours, and the main gimmick of the game is introduced straight away. The narrator essentially reading you the story is a nice touch.Next the gameplay comes in, and it feels a bit lackluster. It starts as only a one button fighter, albeit with a parry, counter and throw. But as someone who loves character action games like Metal Gear Rising and Bayonetta, that wan't enough. Luckily, as you level up your character you gain new abilities, most importantly, in my eyes, a dash. Add in the 4 swords, each with differnet effects, and you have some bit of depth.Without spoiling anything, you'll likely end up replaying some of the stages multiple times, as the choices you make on a run bring you to one of many endings. Your goal is to find 4 truths to unlock the good end. This is why I ended up with 7 runs. Now this wasn't overly annoying to me, since the last few runs were much quicker due to upgrades and having all the swords available.I would give Stories: The Path of destinies, a solid 7/10. Not gonna set the world on fire, but is a nice title nonetheless."
76561198108300814,Recommended,439190,30028542,Posted: 19 February,all,VersaceStirfry,"This game's amazing! Its has a good combination of battle and strategy, nice graphics and a we written storyline with great voice acting. I hope they get to make another game in this style."
76561198017321912,Recommended,439190,29985259,Posted: 17 February,all,windwalker,"The typical ""what if"" type of game. You play through a series of episodes and make some choices around the way which will lead you to different endings. There are quite alot of endings so the replayability is decent, even though it becomes a bit annoying later on - since the locations are pretty much the same over and over again. In general i think this is a nice casual game, good for relaxing for a few evenings on a sofa with a gamepad in hand. Also this would be a great game to buy for your kids, i think they will like it.This game is not bad, but not exeptionally good either. A well rounded, but short and casual expirience. I think 7 out of 10 would be a fair grade for the game."
,Recommended,439190,33087999,Posted: 1 July,all,Carter,This game is pretty good. But wow it sucks playing with a mouse. Plus the fighting goes from zero to uber in one scene.
,Not Recommended,439190,33296766,Posted: 5 July,all,Iron Lung Alchemist,"Huge fan of the action adventure genre. Love Zelda, Beyond Good and Evil, Kingdom Hearts and the like. I bought this game with high hopes, thinking it'd be a charming adventure game with a decent story and high replayability. Ultimately, it didn't scratch my itch, and I can't recommend it.Pros:+Interesting game concept. Narrative presents choices that lead you down different roads.+Beautiful graphics that match the storybook feel. Nice visual effects when dashing, fighting, etc.+Skill tree with abilities you can pick to match your combat playstyle.+Nice music.Mixed:-/+Voice acting. One actor voices the narrator and all the characters. Some may find this charming; it's a matter of taste.  I personally found myself cringing more than smiling.-/+Writing. Not terrible, but not wonderful either. Some cool moments, but didn't make me feel very invested in the world or the characters.-/+Combat. Frustratingly close to being great. Mechanics are varied enough to make for some interesting hack n slash scenarios that are fun for the first few go arounds. Different swords offer different abilities; skills allow the player different ways to tackle mob fights. Few types of enemies and no bosses, at least not in the hours I played. Usually too easy, so winning fights doesn't feel great.-/+The world. Beautiful environments, with an undercurrent of lifelessness. No NPCs, next to no interactable objects, very linear.Cons:-Poor and pointless design choices, both large and small, abound.Some examples:stamina meter is tiny and placed at the bottom of the screen, away from your other health and sword meterssword meter doesn't fully deplete visually when you drain all of your energylack of good, clear audio or visual cues for energy/stamina/health depletionbreakables can only be smashed one at a time by your sword swingonce you ride a platform to an area, you can't ride it backlevels are short, repetitive, and graphically busy areas that create frequent, long load screens but don't offer much in terms of interactivity/exploration-Half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥""stealth"" and puzzle sections. Solvable with no thought required. Could have been cut from the game entirely for a more enjoyable experience.-Bad level design.  Many paths that lead to nowhere, open sections that offer little more than sitting there and looking pretty. Chests at the end of pointlessly long paths ala FFXIII. You get the idea.-Replayability feels forced. Backtracking a little is usually impossible once you've gone through a portal or ridden a platform. There are many story branches to find but the worlds, choices, story, and narration quickly begin to seem empty, stale, and repetitive after a few playthroughs, so unless you're a completionist you likely won't feel like going through them all.-Unsatisfying progression. Crafting system allows you to craft four blades with ores and essences. Ores and essences are the main chest/game rewards, but blades can only be upgraded once after crafting. I finished my third or so story path and received 5 fire essence as my final reward; I had already upgraded the fire blade, so that end-of-route reward was utterly useless to me. Upgraded swords' abilities were inessential and mediocre; I played through several paths without using sword abilities at all because I didn't find them satisfying. This lackluster weapon system, coupled with the undercooked story/characters/world, dissuaded me from wanting to progress further.TL;DR: Promising concept, ♥♥♥♥♥♥, unpolished execution. Pretty world that is fun at first glance, but quickly looses its appeal. Devs' poor choices prevented gameplay from feeling truly satisfying or meaningful."
,Recommended,439190,33263765,Posted: 5 July,all,Zerdath,"TL;DR - It's good.  Get it.I'm a known sucker for ARPGs, and this one managed to keep me locked on to it for a solid 10 hour play session.  It's like a choose your own adventure book, except you have to start over at the beginning (almost) each time.  Combat is fluid and fun, it feels like they took a page from the recent Batman: Arkham games.  The music is fantastic as well.If I had a criticism to make, it's that the swords hit max level too soon.  I had not even found the 4th truth and I had all 4 swords maxed out.  On the flipside of that, I had only filled out maybe half the skill tree by the time I got the ""true"" ending.  Leveling up gets reeeeaaaaally slow after lvl 15ish. (At least compared to the first 10 levels.)I absolutely love the game, and I do recommend it, I just wish it was balanced differently, or made longer somehow.  Insta-buy if it's on sale. (it was for me, but I would say it's worth full price)"
,Recommended,439190,33668714,Posted: 20 July,all,Arrite,"I don't even remember when or why I bought this game, but I did enjoy it, even if it presented itself as a slideshow in terms of framerate, but that's probably fixed now."
,Recommended,439190,33673775,Posted: 20 July,all,Phantom Renegade,"Stories: The Path of Destinies can be very fun... If you get through the hardships.I'll start by saying that the game was something completely new for me. I went into the game blind so maybe this made it only more fun for me. Path of Destinies has a certain gameplay mechanic that makes the game a lot of fun to play and adds a great amount of replayability. So, you basically play the game over and over again, making different kind of choices until you find the ""True Ending"". But after every playthrough you learn something new, making it easier to find this ""True Ending"". Though what dissappointed me near the end, was thatyou only will be able to find this true ending after you specifically learned all four bits of knowledge you learn after specific playthroughs. In other words,I found out I wasn't trying to get the true ending the whole first part of the game, but just those pieces of knowledge.If I had known this beforehand, I would have finished the game a lot quicker.Nonetheless, the story is amazing and very fun to go through. The narrator only adds to it and the concept of the game made the storytelling all the better.So the gameplay mechanic is, though innovative and refreshing, good but not great. The story is impressive. What more is there to the game? Not a lot. Mostly a bunch of issues:Combat is interesting but can be a hassle sometimes, because of unresponsive controls. Sometimes, when you get charged by two enemies and you can't counter them because you can only counter one of the two and not one after another (because you're too slow) you HAVE to dodge it. But even that button prompt doesn't always react in time, which leads to lots of unnecessary deaths. Annoying. Or when you get hit, you flinch. But during this animation, you can easily get hit by another enemy. Getting hit like this in quick succesion can bring you to low health very quickly.Solution? Get an attack speed gem and spam left mouse button. On top of that, it doesn't properly save how much health you had at a checkpoint: you just spawn with 50% of anything. Not sure if thats a good idea. Sometimes good, sometimes bad.There also is a gamebreaking bug which forces me to redo a whole stage. I ragequitted after it happened, only to encounter it again. Pretty annoying, because the level it self is quite a hassle.But when you figure out how to properly get through the stages, nailing the combat and evading the bugs, it's pretty cool. Though after replaying the different kinds of ""Paths of Destinies"" combat start to become boring because you will inevitably to the same thing over and over again, just to get through the stages as quickly as possible.The game is also compatibly with a controller, though I only used mouse and keyboard. Movement can be very clunky, as you move with the mouse. For example, the player can sometimes be stuck walking in a certain direction. Not gamebreaking, but simply annoying.One last thing: terrible optimization. Some levels run fine, most don't. The graphics aren't that good but still I manage to only get 20-40 fps, when I'm used to higher in better looking games.(tl;dr)But I still recommend this game (at a discount). Why? Because, if you figure out the combat and can handle the perfomance stuff, it's really worth a try for the story and the interesting game mechanic. I still felt like finishing the game and I still had a bunch of fun."
,Recommended,439190,33714539,Posted: 22 July,all,Direbaka,"A good concept (looping through different choices), but does bog down after a bit. Unskippable cutscenes in some places as well as having to go through parts already completed make for getting every ending a chore.Still recommend."
,Not Recommended,439190,33742899,Posted: 23 July,all,Mayor Ignaeon,"TL;DR: The levels are too long, and the structure of the game was designed to compensate by ensuring you reach the true ending in 5 runs out of the 25 possible endings. the game would be much better if levels were shorter and you could earn multiple truths per run, but learning the truths didn't guide you right to the best ending, encouraging players to try what they want and see more of the endings instead of just railroading them.I'll start by saying that this game probably just wasn't for me; all the plots of the stories I went through with the exception of the true ending (It's not a spoiler; literally after your first run you unlock a truth, are shown that it's 1/4. and that getting all 4 will ""unlock"" something.)  were cliche and predictable, but that might not bother some people.However, my biggest issue with the game, and one that plagues it's design causing other issues, is that the individual levels are padded to be far too long. this might sound like a nitpick, but with the 25 or so endings available in game, and each set of 5 levels taking about an hour to get through, you're looking at spending about 25 hours to see everything. Most of this time will be spent walking over effectively empty terrain, and with only 10 levels, you are going to hear a lot of reapeated lines, and know the layouts by heart after about 5 runs.By the way, likely as a result of level length, the progression in terms of upgrades will effectively be finished by the time you finish your fifth run (I had all the swords and gems fully upgraded, and a pretty complete build in terms of skill points). But that's ok, because since you're practically garuanteed a truth every run, and having all the truths will provide a path to the true ending, 5 runs is really all it should take to get there.Speaking of truths, While you are guaranteed a truth every run (provided you aim vaguely in their direction), many endings seem to be capable of unlocking more than one truth, just not at once. meaning you can learn something but still need to make another ♥♥♥♥ing run just for Reynardo to catch up, forcing you back into 5 runs. Oh, and none of the truths are overly mind blowing, and an observant player can see all of them before they are unlocked properly.There are about 25 endings, but each ending takes about an hour to get and since this is a branching story, just under half your time getting them is going to be spent hearing the same dialouge over and over again, while retreading the same 5 of the same 10 levels every time (with the last level always being the same no less).I'm going to stop here because I've spent too much time typing this, but this is me ranting about the bad of the game, though there is plenty of good. I reccomend checking the other reviews if you want to hear about that."
76561198080075229,Not Recommended,439190,33734136,Posted: 22 July,all,BONES,"Decent game with interesting design choice that, unfortunately make for a sub-part game. The game works like a story book where the narrator both narrates the story and does all of the characters voices, while this shows great range for the actor it also ruins most characters as even the females have a male voice. The design of going back in time and fixing your decisions to get a different outcome was what lured me into purchasing this game but now after beating it once and only discovering a handful of routes I have no desire to explore any others as, while the mechanic is interesting, the levels never change and there is only so much to unlock (swords, treasure, doors,and useless plot explaining scrolls). After you've played the same level 10 times with the same enemies in the same spots and the same voice lines by the same voice actor everything feels far too repetetive and gives you litttle motivation to complete the game."
,Recommended,439190,33745953,Posted: 23 July,all,scar,"Replayability.  Combat like batman. Really well written and acted throughout. Bastion style narration. Nier style multi layered, multi playthrough story. Beautiful, varied environments.If I was to win the lottery and fund a game, this is basically it, absolute gem and fully recommended."
,Recommended,439190,33837727,Posted: 27 July,all,Roz,"Worthy of its name, the stories are well written and differ enough to make the replays feel enjoyable. They're also enjoyable for spectators to follow along.Combat is basic hack'n'slash with a decent skilltree to spice things up. No complaints here, everything just works. Maybe a bit too cookiecutter in the end?"
,Recommended,439190,34048844,Posted: 5 August,all,Slothio,"It was a pretty fun game for the first two hours but the gameplay got really repetative really fast, this game is more suited for those who are really all about the story."
76561198154364238,Not Recommended,439190,34094606,Posted: 7 August,all,cosmicFauna,"I want to recommend this game, but... I can't. At least, not for $15. It's not a bad game, but it's just not that good. For one thing, the settings have to be set on the lowest quality for the game to be playable, and even then, the framerate still drags. It took 10 minutes for the starting menu to even load. I would be willing to excuse that if the game really had something to offer that justified it, but it doesn't. The environments look nice, but there's little to nothing in the way of exploration, and you only spend a few minutes in each place. The combat is very basic, not that that's a bad thing, but it gets repetitive quickly, and you can't even enjoy the fast-paced fluidity of it because the lag is so bad. The gameplay is constantly interrupted by narration. The story is generic and uninteresting, as are the characters.In an hour, nothing in this game made me want to play more. There are a lot of elements that have potential, but overall it's just average."
,Recommended,439190,34107102,Posted: 8 August,all,illanos,"A little repetitive at the end, but is well narrated, fun to play, and do not trust ****!!"
76561198019593043,Recommended,439190,34089924,Posted: 7 August,all,Deadinsideonmultiplelevels,"Very good story, very great narration.A little repetetive with combat/locations but the humour was enough to keep me smiling.Ice sword level 2 OP."
,Recommended,439190,34130201,Posted: 9 August,all,Hyb,A bit buggy but a well written and fun adventure.
,Recommended,439190,34212423,Posted: 13 August,all,jokerbla,"It's the game I didn't know I needed. Loved it. There needs to be more of this. Why do movies and books exist when you have this? Wish I could see this taken one step further.After playing this I wish there was an MMORPG, crossplatform, optional VR, where you could either play first person or in isometrical view, maybe sandbox mode, where every week there was a new page written in the story and the players decide what happens next based on the actions of the majority.Just imagine, I hate the king, help the king, kill the king, join the rebellion, the king is dead, the king is now a ghost, ghost haunts all players who joined the rebellion. More kings.Anyway, thanks so much for the game."
76561198001942167,Recommended,439190,34515552,Posted: 26 August,all,svbrand,"Like the gameplay even if some find it repetitive, I completed the good ending in 7 hours and had a fun time trying new combat tricks all the way.I do like replaying games to see other paths, I think it is a must to enjoy this one."
,Recommended,439190,34319793,Posted: 17 August,all,Mongoose,Great story telling game.  At times it will be somewhat repetative but those portions are brief and the narration changes slightly with every new discovery.  Moderate combat system.  Good humor.
,Recommended,439190,34339793,Posted: 18 August,all,Emod,"Normally I'd say the game is a bit short at 26hrs, but at $15, it is well worth the money.  Combat, while a bit repetative, still held my interest until the very end and reminded me of the Batman series where you felt very much the hero when you pulled off a long fight and utilized every move/weapon at your disposal.  The story line is pretty well written and with a very cool Groundhog day approach."
,Recommended,439190,34493760,Posted: 25 August,all,meat,"7.5/10I was actually expecting a game in the line of Crash Bandicoot or Ratchet and Clank or any traditonal actino adventure game. After getting to the end the first time the plot gimmick that was introduced hooked me in. The mouse/kb controls are quite fun, they're MOBA-esque, but you can play with a controller if you want. The combat is pretty exciting and can feel fast paced, especially when enemy numbers start going up and you've unlocked a few useful skills.Clearly, from the teasers and screenshots the visuals are fantastic - enough to get me really immersed in the locations (minus a few hiccups in environment rendering and behavior, but nothing game breaking).The story is simple - it's basically a choose your own path deal, fighting through the floating islands looking for friends or powerful relics. It has many different of endings, but the real ending was too easy to get (or maybe that was intentional...in that case it was too soon). Still, I did really enjoy the feeling of adventure and mystery within Reynaldo's world.Thumbsing up for creativity."
,Recommended,439190,30968649,Posted: 5 April,all,KevieJS,This game surprised me. It has got batman arkham combat with some cool little changes and The storytelling is excellent. I love the narrator it is just awesome.
76561198016093790,Recommended,439190,24309852,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Jim,"I love this game and it is probably my game of the year!The Story will keep you intrigued and entertained as you find your way through the numerous paths and destinies.The narration is filled with humour and it is a joy to listen to.The combat is sharp and responsive and it is a blast to fight your way through hordes of enemies.So far I`ve had a blast playing the game, the artwork is colorful, the narration is awesome, the characters are funny, and I`ve loved how the game made me feel as if I`m inside a badass choose your own path adventure."
76561198000306048,Not Recommended,439190,35256168,Posted: 27 September,all,sarahbeydoun,"Stories is a great game... from the little i've seen of it.The problem is that the game either turns up a black screen after the first load,  or freezes in the middle of a chapter. I looked online and I'm not the only one experiencing this, but the developer doesn't really seem to be concerned enough to fix it. This is honestly just unacceptable. Please fix the game, people who spent money on it.My computer is definitely not the issue here either, if it's powerful enough to run civ 5 smoothly, it should be able to play this game too"
76561198147658060,Recommended,439190,33050807,Posted: 30 June,all,>_<,I loved this game it is one of my favoritespros:excellent story tellingsmooth combat systemgood character personalitiescons:very laggymany glitches that caused me to have to restart levels
,Recommended,439190,35397409,Posted: 1 October,all,Baphomet,"Reynardo the fox tumbles through a multitude of adventures to save the world (or destroy it) in Stories: The Path of Destinies. The best way I could describe the “story” of this game would be to liken it to one of those “choose your own adventure” novels where you are placed at several plot forks at different times, each leading to its own eventual “ending”. Like the books, a failed or undesired ending sends you right back to the beginning to start anew. By completing certain storylines you can unlock four “truths” and ultimately use them to find the final true ending.This game features a great deal of combat, most of which is fairly simple and straightforward. Reynardo automatically homes in on the nearest enemy when you press the attack key and you can zip between multiple enemies by aiming towards your next target when you press it again. Occasionally there are different enemy types that will require you to dodge spells, disarm shields, or otherwise prioritize them over the regular raven enemies. At combat’s conclusion, you are rated by your style and flawlessness and given a score that becomes your experience point yield. Levelling up allows you to invest in a skill tree that has many options to lighten the overall difficulty of combat in the game. In addition, you can find various ores and components to craft new swords with new abilities including the option to unlock special element-based doors leading to slot-able gems that give their own unique abilities and boosts.Stories TPoD is really fun for the first few hours, but after I managed to unlock most of the skill tree and find the gems I wanted, I realized some sad “truths” of my own. The special large chests you unlock seem to follow a set order of gem and component contents, meaning you can obtain all the gems simply by doing the same ones over and over again. Also speaking of repetition, the nature of this game demands that you go over previously encountered storylines and not all of it is skippable. This can be incredibly tedious at times and often I found myself wondering why I couldn’t just start my next “beginning” further up the plot tree. Combat gets repetitive too once you have abilities like ultimate sword-fu and the energy on kill gem, allowing you to slay loads of ravens with button mashing and elemental sword AoE damage.Truth be told, I still enjoyed this game a lot but I wish the developers had considered implementing a sort of fast forward button or maybe a tree-chart that allowed you to choose different story nodes, skipping all the ones you had done already. Thankfully, reaching the true ending really only requires 4 play-throughs for the truths and I managed to figure them out by chance on my 6th playthrough. If it had taken much longer though, I’m not sure how eager I would have been to continue playing as the repetitiveness would have definitely gotten to me. Consider looking up a spoiler free truths guide, if there is one, for the best initial experience and leave all the alternate outcomes to the completionists."
76561198130948719,Recommended,439190,34365845,Posted: 19 August,all,Gamboleer,"I thought from the preview movie that this would be a game that forced me into a lot of silly, scripted deaths. That wasn't the case; it's an action-adventure with fairly infrequent combat that doesn't require precise timing, yet which rewards movement and choosing the right time to engage rather than frantic button mashing. The narration and voiceovers are good, as are the world and its story. I normally don't go for the cartoony titles, but I found this one quite enjoyable."
