user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198044691780,Recommended,439310,22298533,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Luigi from Fiji,"I've never played Metroid or Castlevania, and I never finished Mario on NES -- so this game's ultra-fast pace and insta-death mechanics so popular in the days of yore should scare me. And they DID! But I love challenges. And big pixels! In fact, though it might not be immediately obvious, it made me think od Hotline Miami -- another game that I didn't feel I stood a chance against and yet tried anyway. Lo-res and intense gameplay aside, you'll find familiar themes of extreme violence and the protagonist's slow descent into madness, including terrifying hallucinations. It's dark, it's gritty, with just the right amount of tech-noir camp and dystopian grotesque. Just like HM, Until I Have You is hard. You'll die. A LOT! By level 4 of Chapter 1 you'll think: hey, I'm getting good at this! -- and for that level 5 will kick you in the shin. Repeatedly. I think I got my 1000 deaths achievement while battling Boss #1. And it'll only get crazier from there. Chapter 4 will have you wonder if it's humanly possible to get through. But you will. You'll learn that the right moment to jump up before an incoming wave of fire is when the flames start bursting right in front of you, and not before (because otherwise they'll burn you when you fall). You'll figure that the right moment to leap over enemies crawling up from below is not when they jump, it's when they're ALMOST in your face as you dash right at them at full speed. I'm currently on level 5.3 -- and needless to say it looks IMPOSSIBLE. Climbers AND divebombers?! :O Not to mention 5.2 gave me enough adrenaline for WEEK! So... enough for now. But I'll get back to it. Tomorrow! The tempo, the rhytm is just too exhilirating to resist. Sometimes it's like I'm seeing in slo-motion (without the actual slo-mo mode on). The rush is just crazy. You'll enjoy it, whether you're a seasoned platformer maniac or a timid sudoku enthusiast like myself!, Because yes, beating your record time in sudoku is ecstasy. But this is better!"
,Recommended,439310,28571204,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Sutorei,"Until I Have You is a fast-paced, energized platforming game. You control a very skilled professional thief, known as The Artist, now outfitted with a poweful exoskeleton, who's out for the blood of his former clients. With this exoskeleton, he's extremely fast, has enough strength to crush through walls and military robots, can block projectiles with a force field, and can slow his time perception to react to any threat.This, however, costs him his physical and mental health, and his time is limited, so he's got to kill all his targets as soon as possible.The gameplay allows various approaches to the levels. You can carefully check enemy timings and pass behind them when they don't see you. You can unleash your deadly arsenal on them - and by the way, there's much more than the bat and the pistol you start with. And the most exciting option is just run as fast as you can, timing you jumps, force-field blocks and precise attacks to rush through the level in minimal time possible. This really goes on with the feeling of urgency the plot imposes on you.Each level brings something new to the gameplay, by adding new environmental mechanics, giving you new weapons and unlocking your abilities. Some levels will require you to be either exclusively stealthy, murderous or quick, but most of the time you can use a combined approach. The game rewards the consistency of your style: for example, you get bonus points for either not killing at all or killing everything, preferably without changing your weapon.And at the end of each chapter there's a boss - one of your targets. The boss fights are some kind of a puzzle: each boss is not like the other, and you have to do a lot of different actions to survive and kill them, for example using your exoskeleton-induced hallucinations to point out targets, or literally jumping through hoops.For this kind of a game, controls are pretty important. I played through the whole game with an Xbox controller, which was pretty comfortable. Then, for the sake of a complete review, I played some levels using keyboard, and that was, surprisingly, also good. The default layout looks a bit chaotic (Shooting with the A button? Seriously?), but actually it's really suitable for the game and will feel natural right after the tutorial.The plot, while managing to impose a feeling of urgency, looks sort of haphazard. You don't really understand why The Artist prioritizes killing his former clients over rescuing his wife, why would they even kidnap his wife, why does the doctor who provided him with the exoskeleton continues to help and support him, even putting herself at risk sometimes. It all comes together nicely in the ending, though, and the final cutscene is just perfect. And, as interludes between chapters, there're holo-recorded episodes from The Artist's family life (which are kinda boring) and TV news reporting his latest exploits (which are grimly hilarious).All this is accompanied by a good soundtrack, which comes with the game freely. While retrowave music is a standard for pixel-art cyberpunk games and pixel-art fast-and-violent games, the game's composer managed to make it sound fresh by using some instruments and patterns unconventional for this genre. It is also mastered in intentional lo-fi, and that adds a nice touch and goes well with the art style, the plot's atmosphere and in-game sound effects.Only about 2.5k people have bought this game as of today. For its price, Until I Have You is definitely worth your attention.P.S. For more hidden gems, follow the steamCRIMINALLY Low Salescurator."
,Recommended,439310,24759111,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,CasinoCoin,"Until I Have You is a decent game for its price, though it has a few problems in it that prevent the game from being a definite recommendation.The basic gameplay is action platformer, with various weapons to defeat your enemies with. The variety in the weapons is fun for most of the experience, but starts to drag a little towards the end as you stop getting new toys to try out. Two more advanced mechanics are the ability to slow down time and rewind when you die, which are cool features that add to the experience. I feel the slow down mechanic is underutilized, as I myself never used it once, but it is nonetheless a nice addition to your repetoire.The stages have interesting designs, but while their concepts are interesting the execution of the ideas sometimes drags and can quickly become annoying. There is what seems to be an over-reliance on pits in some of the later stages, which, combined with the somewhat slippery edges to platforms and a speed system that sometimes doesn't quite speed you up enough, can lead to a frustrating chain of falls. I won't spoil the specialized mechanics of each stage here, but I would say around 30% of them are irritating to deal with over a 4-6 stage chapter. They only get annoying toward the end of the chapters, however, so it is not so bad, as you can get through them quickly and move on to something new.The story of the game starts out alright, and remains relatively interesting throughout, but was confusing at points, and ultimately left me feeling unfulfilled. The ending of the game was not satisfying (though that is of course subjective), and left me wanting. I am unsure if there are multiple endings based on what percentage you achieve, but the structure of the later stages makes it unnapealing to try for a higher percentage (I got a final % of 92).To conclude, the game is fun to start, but at about chapter seven begins to drag. If you are willing to accept precision platforming over many pits, and a few awkward stage mechanics, the overall gameplay is decently fun and in some stages very rewarding. If I had to give this a score out of ten, I would give it a mid to high 7/10. I cautiously recommend this game, as some of the mechanics can be frustrating, but the game is fun in the end and has enjoyable neon/techno themed visuals."
76561198077980987,Recommended,439310,22525802,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,peplozem,"Quite a controversial game. It's ridiculously oldschool-looking but visual design is nice anyway. Story isn't that shocking but it was interesting to experience for sure. Music and atmosphere overall are great.Game design feels unpolished though. There is enough content for all twelve areas. But levels within areas are similar and feel repetitive, followed by really easy bosses sometimes. I wish it was at least half shorter.And a special shoutout to the hoverboard controls at the last area. I had to set keyboard keys and constantly switch between gamepad and keyboard just to pass that nonsense and see an ending."
76561197986010787,Recommended,439310,22252561,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,dé┌ D⌡îî,"Great platformer with a great atmosphere and great artwork. The artwork and story give the game an artsy touch, which I like. The pixel-graphics fit into the art style and the story fits to the pixel-graphics.The gameplay is great, too. The controls are responive and accurate. You can play this game fast and slow just as you like, although there are some levels with a time limit, but the time limit was allways fair sofar.During the two hours I have played I had two weapons. A baseball bat and a pistol. Both are requiered as some levels/parts of levels are easier to challenge with the right weapon, but if you are quick enough you can run past all of the enemys, but you need much skill for this in the later levels as the suroundings become more and more dangerous and it becomes easier to stand still, kill an enemy and look and wait until you know the movement patterns of the level (moving platforms, laser beams).Both ways are equally fun: fast play and slow play.And yes you will die alot, and this game might frustrate you at some point, but if you like platformers you are going to enjoy every single death as you learn from your death. You learn how to play the level step by step until you finished it and after finishing you want to try the level again just to reach a better score."
76561198007688772,Recommended,439310,31994085,Posted: 27 May,all,Aargh,"A little gem that deserves more attention.Until I Have You is very unique platformer, both visually a gameplay wise. The neon aesthetics still feel nice and fresh and there's a huge variation of environments and enemies. Even the handcrafted cutscenes look very nice for a low-budget title like this.Platforming controls are almost perfect. You can easily maneuver in the air, run and jump at different speeds, and I never fell through a platform. Even jumping on platform edges is manageable, you just have to learn to let the joystick go just before landing so you won't slide down. Enemies can push you off platforms but it happens rarely and it's a lot less annoying than in other games.There is a lot of fighting involved. You have four weapons, each with different characteristics useful in different situations. Baseball bat/club is fast and very damaging but useful only in close combat. Pistol has long range but hits only the enemy in the front. Laser shoots through all enemies but needs some time to recharge. And flamethrower has shorter range and has a cooldown period but has high damage and can melt obstacles. You also have a shield but very soon I forgot about it and finished the game without using it. And the last ability is temporary bullet time. Good for some tough spots and bosses but it stays active for such short time it's often not that useful.The game can be very difficult at times, thankfully it has a plenty of checkpoint so you usually don't have to replay the segments you have already beaten. One of the few problems of the game is that the difficulty of boss fights is not balanced throughout the game. Bosses from chapters 5 and 6 are insanely hard. I think it took me about 100 attempts to beat chapter 5 boss and I seriously considered abandoning the game for good. Compare to the final boss that I killed on my second try with little problems. Those two bosses could really use some changes; any small mistake means you're dead and start over. The other bosses are much more forgiving.Anyway, this is a great action platformer. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,439310,23959085,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Faust,"Review: Until I have YouIntroductionI am pretty sure that this game could also be called “Until You finished Me” since there is simply no chance of stopping once its story got to you. Personally, I felt that this game has way too less reviews and should get the support it deserves. Hopefully you might give it a try after reading my whole essay about why I couldn’t stop playing.Getting StartedUIHY is a gripping pixelart platformer that might challenge your patience. At least that is what it did for me many, many times. The setting is a Blade Runner-like Cyberpunk future where not everything is as shiny as the neonlights that make our town Neo-Kobe shine a lot. The player takes the role of the ARTIST, a talented Hitman, who wants to simply quit his job that has already consumed most of his private space. You might have already guessed that things did not happen according to his plan. His wife Emily gets captured, forcing the ARTIST to take any risks necessary to get her back. He gets his hands on an exoskeleton suit that gives him incredible powers whilst slowly draining his sanity. Using his new powers he wants to free Emily and take revenge for everything the both of them got into. But like I said, everything comes with a price...Dying is for free - Game MechanicsWhat counts for nearly any other platformer doesn’t pass on UIHY either: play it with a controller. You can play via keyboard and mouse but I hardly recommended that since you have to be as precise as possible most of the time, otherwise you will die even more often. That said, I was a bit confused at first. Normally you press the direction + directional upwards + Jump to jump over a gap or obstacle but Until I have You takes it a bit different. Pressing to the left or right accelerates the ARTIST into the pressed direction and if you jump, he simply jumps as far as he can with his current speed. If you wish to stop running, you simply release the button. I found myself dying more than once because I pressed the opposite key instead just to realise that my avatar is swiftly heading into the other direction now. The longer you press, the faster he gets. Pressing boost even increases this. If a gap seems to big, you might have to rely on the ARTISTs special power. Get incredible fast or, in other words, slow everything around you.The “Slow Mode” is one of many interesting mechanics this game uses but it is also one of the main mechanics. Use it anywhere, anytime, even in the middle of a jump - as long as your time bar is filled enough. You might use it a lot at the start but slowly stop exploiting it once you got the second main mechanic, which isn’t nearly as useful as the first one - but turns out to be impressively innovative whilst adding important pieces to the UIHY main story. The ARTIST gets “hysteric” and with that I don`t mean he starts screaming out of nowhere. No, he starts to see things, hallucinates or loses control. It is just so exciting to see how he is slowly trading sanity for power in order to release his wife but it also rises some sort of guilt I can’t fully deny.So, besides having different mechanics for each level like alarms, hoverboards, colourtesting platforms and many more, there is always a boss at the end of each chapter. I must admit that I did not feel challenged by every single one. Some of them have been surprisingly easy to surpass, once you got the mechanics you need to beat them. I don’t think that this is bad in general. Even if you can beat some of them more easy you will still get how cool some of the mechanics were you had to use. Melting legs, chasing through walls or jumping through Fire Rings?AtmosphereGraphics? Absolutely Adorable. At least if you like Pixelart and Cyberpunk. I for myself enjoyed every damn level, every boss, every cutscene. The artstyle is just perfect, leaving enough space to add your own imagination whilst making the game look dark and flashy at the same time. What`s adding up is the soundtrack I even listen to whilst writing these lines. It fits just perfect into the game but stands its own if listened separately, too. I’d love to praise graphics and sound even more but that would somehow lengthen this review to an extent even I can`t stand. Instead I’d like to mention the great dialogues and sidekicks you’ll find along the road of your tragical seeking for revenge. You get to know the ARTIST, his past, his problems, his clients and maybe their problems and sad stories and you somehow feel a bit connected to everyone of them - or at least feel sorry.ConclusionThere is much to love, much to like and a bit to like less. Starting with the small negative aspects I`d like to say that the controls can be punishing at first. I think they are just unique in its way and need to be experienced to feel comfortable with. Secondly, although I liked the structure of every level in general, I still felt that I would have stopped playing after having died for the fifth time at a difficult spot with the checkpoint far away, if the story had been less interesting. But, fortunately, it wasn`t. It is a dark tale of love, revenge and sacrifice that made me feel a bit less happy and a bit more satisfied at the same time for every chapter I had finished. The artstyle is simply amazing, not to mention the amazing soundtrack. Lastly, the developer is actively taking part in steam forums and constantly updates the game to squash remaining bugs I personally didn't get confronted with.If you are into platformers, Pixelart or Cyberpunk and you simply can’t resist a gripping story that might hurt your feelings, this is the right game for you.Bonus:The amazing soundtrack is for free!"
,Recommended,439310,23863824,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,thainen,"A mixed bag of a game, ""Until I Have You"" feels like a contraption jury-rigged by a savant technomancer somewhere in the city sprawl of 2077: brilliant and horrible ideas, rough edges and state-of-the-art components, all put together with duct tape. It makes you battle against its interface, it frustrates you, it delights you.Gameplay-wise, it tries to be a super-fast and super-violent platformer, a cross between ""Canabalt"" and ""Hotline Miami"", and the best levels do manage to achieve this high bar. The problem is, however, that ""Until I Have You"" tries to be fast and minimalistic, but at the same time to have lots of different features. As the result, it keeps shooting itself in the leg, slowing the gameplay down so you can try all the mechanics. Superfast running and jumping stumbles upon cover shooting, choosing the right weapon to destroy obstacles, stealth action and other legitimately cool stuff that just doesn't mix together well.The large variety of features also makes the gameplay very incosistent. For example, in the beginning you die in one shot. Then they add Hysteria meter that punishes you for killing enemies (and makes you wait for a solid minute for it to regenerate -- so much for superfast). Then Hysteria suddenly turns into a health bar substitute: enemy attacks rise it, but killing them doesn't anymore. There's no solid mechanic, ""Until I Have You"" turns into something slightly different (still very enjoyable, though just as messy) with each next level. It's such a mess that sometimes I had no idea if I have played the game the way it was intended, or abused a design flaw.The story is pretty incoherent, which is ok for the Cyberpunk genre: after all, most of the classic works have unreliable narrators, unhinged characters, lots of drugs and/or mental issues, amnesia, hallucinations and cryptic symbols. To tell the truth, I don't trust writers who make cyberpunk stories too clear: it kills the ""punk"" part, turning it into simply SciFi. ""Until I Have You""'s story is messed up just right: enough for you to have a general idea what's going on, how it started and how it ends. The atmosphere and the characters are done very well in terms of writing, art, music and voice acting. The urban sprawl is genuine with its neon, dirt and rain, the characters are either insane or corrupt, the politics are shady, and the plot twists go as expected. In addition to the well-done cutscenes, you can watch TV between the levels to get some news about your misadventures, or see some ads that give you insights into the world's dystopian daliy life.""Until I Have You"" is a real treat for any cyberpunk fan. For a regular gamer, it's still enjoyable, though hardly above average."
,Recommended,439310,23607774,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Llilium,"I left a review here  last based on the initial response i had with this game, which was based on the control scheme you begin with in the tutorial. under the inlfuence that you have a choice between keyboard and mouse vs joystick, i assumed already that having a controller was obviously going to be ideal. not having a controller, i opted for the keyboard and mouse set up.again my first impression was based on the movement and so on which was used by the mouse, and it initially turned me off completely. however the developer explained to me that the keyboard could be used on its own, which greatly improved the overall gameplay.with that being said, it's obvious this game, like all side scrollers, should be played with a controller.from the start, the game's visuals are fantastic. as an indie game you can expect indie-level voice acting and dialog, which isn't necessarily bad. it lets you know that someone worked on this game as an outlet for their creativity and something to share, and that should always be appreciated.the world is cyberpunk, there's no denying it. and for cyberpunks like me and others like me,  we tend to get pretty fickle on what is and isn't cyberpunk.i look forward to trying out the game with controller input, but for now,  keyboard layout (not the default one, don't use the mouse unless you're some kind of masochist)  will suffice."
76561198078582252,Not Recommended,439310,25102513,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Baggy,"Interesting story told in a so so way. Great setting can't say the same about the platforming even with the gamepad. The demo is there for you to try, but after one hour. I had enough of ""Until I have you"" frustrating gameplay and bored of the chain of pit falls. The levels I played seemed to rely on trial and error play, the train level was a good example of this where you wouldn't even know that in order to pass a high speed run was required. The combat isn't up to much, there is little to keep me playing. Overall I'm starting to wonder if what I have played is even the same game that is currently sitting at positive reviews."
76561198264870293,Recommended,439310,31096321,Posted: 12 April,all,FassB,"This game is hard as f**k. I have tried mouse and keyboard control. None of them make the game easier. The difficulty in control and the puzzlement in boss fight make this game quite challenging. Besides gameplay, the atmosphere of this game is good. It is like a mixture of a creepy horror and cyberpunk."
,Recommended,439310,23650491,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,ck1521,"Just beat the game.A decent platformer with pixel art style.Mostly about running & jumping rather than fighting.Like:Good arts, some cyberpunk and some cult, reminds me of some old horror games in dos.Fast paced and intensive, played for 6 hours straight, died like 200+ times, not feeling tired.Has an attractive backstory.(Just found out from the achievement, it's actually 1000+ death, lol)Dislike:Some control feels weird, why can't I fly a hoverboard with up and down? (fixed in the latest update)A little bit short, I mean story-wise.Expected more in the home, like balcony or photos7.5/10, recommend when discounted."
,Recommended,439310,27690040,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,TheHop,"Cyberpunk platforming, synthwave soundtrack, and noir story make this an indie gem buried deep in the mine."
,Recommended,439310,28716426,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Jack,"Nice action platformer than can be beaten without violence for the most part.Controls feel a bit loose at first but are actually very responsive.Gorgeous visual and sound design, neo-noir/80s cyberpunk/drive feel.Interesting plot. Fairly challenging. Not too long.good game all told"
76561198153176634,Recommended,439310,29147271,Posted: 9 January,all,[YGS]Dies On Duty,"So lets review until i have you. Before i get into that, I have been speaking with the developer of issues I had with the game and pitched ideas of that could help maintain flow of the game. Those ideas are not important to the review but i think the backstory for that with the recent updates that fixed my issues with the game I would re examine the game. I will go over things in a pro/ con style and ending with my conclusion.pro:Amazing story. The story is very interesting when you go back to your apartment and watch these memory shows that has key plot points in the past of our main character. Some of which are kinda sad to see the struggle that the couple face when the main character is always doing crime. While he is out she fills this jar labeled your never here with coins. That hits you hard. Other than that in the game you see how as the game continues how the main character's perception of reality is messed up and you see the world as he sees in the in the level design. Bloody with zombies or monsters.The music is awsome. Whats crazy about the music is how it sets up the scenery. To further be more awsome the soundtrack is free so no worries about paying the equivalent of the game to buy the soundtrack. My personal favorite song would definently be Electric Ghost, it is the song played in the apartment. It is a very slow sad song which goes so well with the underlining tone of the character and fits some of the memory projector moments.Great combat. The combat is pretty much small scaled to the platforming but is worth mentioning. You do encounter an array of enemies from thugs, cops, zombies, cathulu monsters, and more. The weapons the player uses are unique and useful agains some fights better than others.The platforming is pretty on point. The use of a variable jump, for those who do not know what that is...its pretty much when you press the jump button you jump but the longer you hold it the higher the jump is. No you can not simply just fly over the entire map to the end because there is a jump height cap. Once you hit that cap, that is when the character will descend. Other than that the use of other neat tools help with platforming but since i wont do any spoilers, the slow mo ability. This ability will slow down time to help with those tricky jumps or help take care of a group of enemies.Each chapter is unique. Sure sure each chapter is stared in a different location but it also adds new mechanics that are used in that chapter and for that chapter alone. So you have 12 chapters in the game and that introduces 12 new game mechanics that is cohesive to the level stye.Con:Some levels seem to have odd design choices such as chapter 3 which is a constant rush level where you pretty much run chasing some female who is your target. The other is chapter 8 which is a stealth mission, you dont need to stealth it but the game has had no stealth prior to this level so it feels kinda shoe horned in for the sake of unique mechanic. Both chapters are not bad but their design choices are just odd since they do not capture what made all other levels so good. The mix between combat and platforming at the players pace.Conclusion:I really did enjoy the game. I enjoyed sharing my two cents to help the game grow. There is not any more i can say about the game besides the story is very unique. I kinda feel a vibe of john wick when thinking of the plot that i have enxperienced. Other than story and the awsome music, the platforming is nothing short than a trip. With how the player has more control over their jump, i fall to my death less if i over shoot my jump. The slow mo does not punish the player for using it by lowering their hysteria by too much. No one likes a mechanic that is very useful in the later portion of the game be more harm than good. Gladly with the recent update i can happily reccomend the game to anyone intersted in the game or just those gamers that enjoy a good platformer."
,Recommended,439310,23767739,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Filho de Gled,"I tried to come up with a few words about it in a review, but everything that I wrote didn't felt good enough. Usually, when this happens, instead of desrespecting the game with a middle quality review, I don't write anything... but I still want people to know about it, so here it is. I hope you, kind reader, don't mind the few words.Although I feel sad for The Artist and for the path he had to take to fulfil his promise, It was a good ride. The characters, even the enemies, were memorable, mostly because of the dialogs and the personal logs. As for the latter, my favorite line was the one in the Cinque's level btw.The music was really well put. It resembles me of some slow tracks from Pertubator (I know, different styles, but still). And I don't know if was intentional, but the theme that plays in the main menu makes me think about Twin Peaks. If you heard it, you will know why.The gameplay was fluid and the fast-passed stuff was really well implemented. All in all, It was a great game indeed.P.S.: I had just a minor bug with one of the bosses, but the dev was a really awesome dude and fixed it really quickly. Thanks for that, if you're reading this.So yes, I recommend Until I Have You. A tale about revenge always gets me, but this one delivers in a way I wasn't expecting, through the price you have to pay for it and with the fact that, sometimes, it will be just a hollow victory."
,Recommended,439310,24978245,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,saitcheson,"Intense speedy action platforming with a unique mechanic, this game oozes gorgeous cyberpunky aesthetic goodness. The art and music, voicework and sfx are all top notch. Varied and fun boss fights with supercool badass bad guys. An intriguing and equally intense story arch. I'm three bosses in and loving every minute of it. I recommend this game!ps. Works really well with my Xbox PC controller"
76561197983069396,Recommended,439310,25411436,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,jasonconan,Fun game that took me back to my childhood of renting NES games from the video store on Friday and attempting to finish them before taking them back on Sunday.  Each chapter consists of a few levels of intense platforming followed by a boss fight that usually requires a trick or ability to defeat.  I enjoyed it best playing with a controller.
,Recommended,439310,26595710,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,MaD HaTTeR,"Where do I begin with this awesome retro/modern title from the developers of another favorite of mine, Primordia? I guess the obvious has to be the amount of levels, each with its own unique bosses, weapons to acquire, mechanics to learn. It is quite refreshing to see games that have had so much love put into them. Wormwood Studios spares no awesomeness. If its achievements to achieve, or something you'll replay over and over. They bring it to the table. Hats off to you Wormwood, keep the good times rolling!"
76561198080067101,Recommended,439310,23828210,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,cyricsservant,"Until I Have You is an extremely atmospheric platformer that will quickly engross you in its cyberpunk, dystopian setting.  It's well worth your time and money.Gameplay:  The gameplay is fairly unique. You scroll from left to right, navigating your way through short stages filled with platforming sections, death traps, and enemies.  Along the way you acquire a number of weapons that you can cycle through on the fly, and all of which handle a little differently.  You also a neat rechargable slow-motion ability, ala Max Payne, that you can use to handle trickier sections.  Overuse of this ability though will actually cause your character to lose touch with reality and hallucinate.While the game emphasizes speed, it doesn't penalize you for moving at your own pace.  In that sense, it's very similar to Super Meat Boy and Hotline Miami.  Also like SMB, the platforming can occasionally be somewhat puzzle-like, so you'll find yourself dying a few times before you figure out how to advance.  These sections manage to keep the levels interesting, even though they can sometimes slow down the frenetic pace of the gameplay.The highlight of the game for me though is definitely the boss fights.  The game has 12 chapters, and each one culminates in a unique boss fight.  I don't want to spoil any of them, but I can say that they all play very differently from each other.  This was easily my favorite aspect of the game, and at times it felt like I was playing a Blade Runner inspired version of Mega Man.Graphics/Overall Style:  As I mentioned above, the game is incredibly stylish.  The character design matches the world perfectly, and the voice acting and cutscenes perfectly match the setting.  Also, each of the 12 chapters (each of which is comprised of multiple stages) have their own unique feel and character.  In one chapter you might be exploring the neon-drenched streets of decrepit city, while in the next you might be exploring an abandoned theme park or raiding the skyscraper of a megalomaniac obsessed with the occult.   You won't just be running through the same scenery over and over again, which is nice.Story:  It will definitely keep you invested in the game.  While one aspect of the plot had me scratching my head at the end, it was a very enjoyable story overall, and it definitely enhances the overall game experience.TL;DR:Pros:+ Great level diversity+ 12 memorable and unique boss fights+ Oozes style+ Fast paced, intuitive gameplay+ Engrossing storyCons:- Slightly unsatisfying conclusion- Occasional bugs (which I'm sure will only continue to be hammered out with time)Overall Opinion:A must buy.  It's games like this that keep the industry from stagnating and make me happy to be a gamer."
,Not Recommended,439310,23635817,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,teach_,"With no controller on hand, I played the game with keyboard controls. It handled well, but your character continues to move a bit after you release the button, giving you some undeserved deaths during the game's platforming sections. Levels are short and same-y, and the first boss was tedious and just all in all disappointing. There are also severe issues with screen-tearing, and an irritating bug I had that caused the dialogue to auto-skip even with my hands off of the controls. In a story-based game, that's just not acceptable."
,Recommended,439310,29197518,Posted: 11 January,all,The real rap god,words can't describe what i feel for this game.
,Not Recommended,439310,33213265,Posted: 3 July,all,Solid Wulf,"I picked up this game because I dearly love all things cyberpunk. I'll keep it short and simple.Pros:-Okay story-Decent music-Decent aestheticsCons:-Controls are awful (with the mouse, gamepad was better)-Some levels are poorly designed with very tight tolerances (low margin of error). A particular subway level comes to mind.I got it on sale but it still didn't seem worth it sadly."
76561198070288024,Recommended,439310,23782117,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Roktrah,"CyberPunk PlatformingUpdate: Menu navigation has been fixed, both the analogue stick and d-pad on xbox controller are fully responsive.A unique platformer with a cyberpunk story and a great artistic style. The player has various weapons and abilities at their disposal as they can choose to either methodically kill every obstacle in their way, or make a hectic dash to the end of each stage. The game is split into several chapters which consist of several stages, the end of each stage has a percentage rank that is determined by your actions. The end of each chapter features a boss fight which become increasingly difficult and unique as you progress. It's very playable and entertaining if you enjoy platformers.There are a few bugs within the game and very noticeable lag within the various menus. Hopefully the menu navigation will improve so the controller doesn't feel so sticky/laggy. Also I feel it is unnecessary for the end of each stage to have a ranking menu, it's jarring to be thrown into a menu instead of simply progressing to the next stage. The percentage ranking should be calculated at the end of the chapter instead so it plays more seamlessly.My last complaint is that the soundtrack is pretty lackluster, this would be a perfect game to showcase retro synthwave artists such as Perturbator, Carpenter Brut or Daniel Deluxe for example. On a scale of 1 - 10 I'm confident that this game is a solid 7/10 as it is now. I'm sure this game will only get better as the bugs are fixed and just maybe some minor complaints of mine will be considered."
76561198012727270,Recommended,439310,32653641,Posted: 22 June,all,Seele,Hard...But I need to play it until I have her.
,Recommended,439310,23654570,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,SchillBoner,"A retro style, cyberpunk, story driven, platforming masterpiece. Awesome cutscenes. Amazing soundtrack."
,Recommended,439310,28691625,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Jadelor,"This is the poem tothe love of my lifeJames SpanosWhat a guy, send hima million dollarsand one original copyof Snatcher(signed by Hideo Kojimawith the inscription""I needed more of thisnot Metal Gear"")"
,Recommended,439310,33476298,Posted: 12 July,all,Kristoffer,Must have.
,Not Recommended,439310,33176141,Posted: 3 July,all,dmnc,"Maybe this is very good game but there is a problem with controllers and my patience is wearing thin ... this is my 1st refund and this review is just about the controller problem.This game has ""Full controller support"" regarding to the store page, butSteam Controller is not working at alland other controllers may haveproblemstoo.With Steam Controller is easy to map keys and make non-controller game works (but I don't do that here on the ""full controller support"" game, so I've been refunded). Dev is offering thehow-to(maybe one day the community will publish some mapping for lazy and angry people like me).EDIT:Disclaimer, as many games are working out of the box and I own so many games, I have not enough of patience with those where I found any problems. Why? Many times I want to play something with friends and meanwhile when I try to start any problematic game, then another one, and the next one, they starts to get bored. In this case I'll not try to dive into further investigation if Steam store categories are misleading or if game hw support is insufficient. Steam Controller is the ""industry standard"" here on Steam platform for me, I own several more X360 controllers but want to play with SC."
,Recommended,439310,24043340,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Malificarr,Great atmosphere.
76561198037468781,Not Recommended,439310,29609153,Posted: 31 January,all,Nile,"Refunded. Slow loading, no skipping the cutscene, boring story/storytelling, poor engine quality. The game idea and design had potential but needs a different engine."
,Not Recommended,439310,23543544,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,iamnotondrugs,"Levels are tiny and I got half the achievements in literally less than 20 minutes.Visuals are nice, sure but I'm kinda tired of this NEON FUTURE aesthetic. Never liked it anywaysAnd you call THAT a boss fight?..No amount of words can describe the disappointment I've felt downing the first boss.Instantly refunded after my glorious victory."
,Recommended,439310,33410158,Posted: 9 July,all,Maowlicious,"This game definitely deserves more attention than it has gotten.It's a solid platformer with a great setting and some pretty fun bosses.Only ran into a problem after finishing a level (Do not recall which) where the boss cutscene was looping the first 1-2 seconds, the flamethrower boss I believe. A simple restart fixed it and I didn't lose progress so it was a non-issue.Definitely looking forward to another game by these guys."
76561198344553267,Recommended,439310,35176443,Posted: 24 September,all,Jungle Sona,"Solid game. Gamepad controls worked just fine for me. Used an xbox360 controller. The difficulty is there and learning level and boss fight patterns is satisfying once you're able to abuse them. The story is good and dark. I 100% all the levels so I can say that if you're in to action platformers with mega man like bosses, it's worth it to give this game a try."
76561198175445865,Recommended,439310,35190482,Posted: 24 September,all,freefood024,"the game is pretty good, I would recomend it if you like The Way, Lone Suvivor, or Neon Chrome."
,Recommended,439310,35270257,Posted: 28 September,all,Spady,"Authentic cyberpunk atmosphere created through thrilling plot, exellent synth-based soundtrack and well-detailed pixel graphic, combined with original gameplay makes this game totally perfect. Small dose of dementia and interesting characters are nice bonus.The only minus is voiceovers. You can easily hear the difference between VO actors skills. Especially for females."
