user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,440540,23348637,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,ericvondoom,"Were I to live on a floating land, I'd dispose of my refuse and night soil over the side, if only to amuse myself.This game is an interesting piece. It's a craft product from amateurs doing their best not to be amateurs, and with time, Ara Fell, and their future endeavors, should be excellent retro-esque experiences. Focusing exclusively on the content, I'd praise the effort. Ultimately this is a five-dollar game, and anything else you pay is a tip of encouragement.Shun not the Makers of RPGs. True, the lazy hobbyists have oversaturated Steam with their rough-draft attempts (a certain prolific publisher will come to the minds of Makers and Maker-players), but the men and women behind Ara Fell are on the righteous path: the try-hard path.An addendum: In my first 20 minutes into the game, I encountered a small bug. I sent a message to developer Stephen Anthony, and he acknowledged it. A couple of hours later, I noticed that the game had an update. Curious, I played again from the start, trying to recreate the bug, but found it had been fixed. Whether or not this resulted from my message doesn't matter; this is proof that the developer cares. To you, the prospective consumer, I give this anecdote as a reassurance that you'd be buying a product that comes from loving hands. To Stephen Anthony, thank you very much."
76561197994585644,Recommended,440540,23363025,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,MegaTiny,"EDIT: The developer has implemented more controller support. I can now jump without having to reach for the keyboard. Thanks!I normally stay away from RPG maker games on steam as they have a bad habit of looking like the ones I used to make on the original PS1 RPG maker game (i.e. terrible). But I gave this one a shot and so far I'm glad I did.Quick pros and cons:Pros:Combat is fun and the first couple of bosses have had twists that make them interesting (also if you die you can choose to skip the cutscene before the boss).The dialogue is witty and well written, with characters having personalities rather than just being tropes.The world is worth exploring, with interesting and useful rewards for ambling around and spotting hidden paths.Really nice art.The mana regeneration system in combat keeps it flowing nicely and lets you actually use your skills rather than conserve resources.Metroidvania style world discovery, where you gain new skills to access more areas.Cons:Controller support is minimal, requiring you to still use keyboard buttons to make small jumps and crawl (why not just make these automatic/tied to the action button? They're just little animations and have no skill involved).The stats seem to require you to become a jack of all trades to survive. It's not interesting to customise a character's stats each level if I have to pick all of them. To clarify stats never raise automatically, so unless you raise your mana stat you'll have 10 mana for the entire game (enough to use the basic skills once), same goes for your health.While I'm on the topic why do all stats start at 10 except for agility, which starts at 100 for all characters?Small niggles aside I'm having a great time. So to sum up this isn't just a good RPG maker project, but a good game overall and I'm looking forward to playing more."
,Recommended,440540,30890861,Posted: 1 April,all,FakeKraid,"Ara Fell is the best RPG Maker RPG I can imagine being made. I'm not done with it yet but I'm (I think) probably 70% done and will finish it with relish. I'm 32 years old and grew up playing the likes of Final Fantasy VI and Chrono Trigger and while Ara Fell isn't in the same scope as multi-million dollar projects of that kind it absolutely deserves to stand with them in terms of simple craft. I get ticked off extremely easily at JRPG writing, design, and gameplay, and Ara Fell not only avoids all of the ordinary pitfalls of workman-level attempts at this problematic genre, it transcends them to achieve something quite unlike anything I've played before; a synthesis of Zelda-like exploration and tight, miniamlistic, refined JRPG combat with a free-form leveling system and a crafting system that give just enough player choice to be enjoyable without being overbearing. The game isn't hard for an old master like me, I got ahead of the difficulty curve early on and stayed there, but for players less experienced with the genre it should provide just the right level of challenge, and the joy and excitement of finding hidden items and defeating increasingly difficult encounters shines through as well as it does in the genre's classics. This game has my highest possible recommendation and it deserves the support of everyone who ever enjoyed a JRPG.A special commendation goes to the game's writer(s), who are unquestionably the most talented JRPG writers working in the genre today; the dialogue manages to stay short and punchy while simultaneously achieving emotional depth and avoiding the worst of the genre's tropes, and the plot and setting will be comfortable and homelike to any fan of fantasy without quite falling into a strict formula. The pacing helps a great deal."
,Recommended,440540,28573818,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,KOS-MOS,"A traditional old school turn based rpg with a very amazing cast of characters and story surrounding the world of Ara Fell, The story of this game follows the adventures of Lita LeCotta who is a very cute, snappy, and funny character who keeps getting herself into trouble with her typical bad luck xD the adventure begins just as she is exploring a ruin with her friend Adrian and she falls in a trap to find a secret room that has a powerful ring that bestows power to its wielder but she doesn't know this and puts it on cuz it looks pretty lol.The game's sprite art looks really good on all of it's wonderful locations in this games world even for an rpg maker game, soundtrack is surprisingly nice and catchy, and the gameplay is a pretty solid turn based rpg with an action meter for your characters turns that reminds me of Final Fantasy 7, also i have not run into any bugs while playing this game so far, and from what i have seen the developers are very active with the community and love hearing feedback so if you ever encounter problems let them know and they will get it sorted out quick. Also controller support is working fine for me with my ps3 controller using ScpToolkit. I highly recommend checking this game out especially now during this wintersale."
76561198026040694,Recommended,440540,32037756,Posted: 29 May,all,Pollo Nero,"Very in depth story and lore. It's not that long of a game at all, but that along with the quests, item management, and attributes, and story make this have a true rpg feel to it. I really enjoyed my time with this despite some issues I had with the mechanics."
,Not Recommended,440540,32159284,Posted: 3 June,all,SunniDanni,"Lemme just start out saying: Having a 'story mode' where you don't actually need to fight = ingenious. More often than not, RPGs are repetative, the same actions over and having to grind puts a damper on the story. It was great to be able to just go through easily and enjoy the true heart of RPGs, the storyline.The music for the various areas was very, very suitable as well. For the last part, the music was so rousing that even my lazy self felt a sense of urgency to complete what had to be done.I have two main issues with the game:1. How certain areas are misleading. Lemme explain. Some areas, look like you can access it, yet a small twig sticking out from a tree blocks your way. Then swimming. In itself, is really cool. But having to try every body of water that has the sparkle, yet doesn't really let you go anywhere... It wouldn't be so bad if swimming was as fast as walking, but noooooo... =.=2. The ending.............. Look, many people play RPGs for the storyline. Folks naturally want closure. I don't wanna spoil anything, but lemme just say, I DID NOT get the closure I was seeking.As such, I cannot in good standing, as someone who bought the game for the story, recommend it to anyone else who may want to buy it for the story. Oh, and I feel that this game really shouldn't be for kids. Maybe I'm too old-fashioned, but seeing characters actually being killed and 'blood'... I wouldn't want any kids I know playing this.Just my two cents worth."
76561198124504976,Not Recommended,440540,23525592,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,zverlibre,"Within Steam's binary system I have to give it a ""thumb down"". The game isn't bad, it's a solid JRPG with a bit more freedom than usual, but i does not live up to what is advertised. In case you have already forgotten, the description says:Ara Fell combines the best parts of Japanese-style roleplaying games with the best parts of western RPGs, as well as including elements of visual novels and adventure gamesLet's parse that a bit:JRPG - yes. You get most of the hallmarks, including teenage protagonist, somewhat weird setting (but still not veering too far from traditional high fantasy), preset party, strictly linear plot, and active-time battles.Visual novel - probably, although JRPGs tend to have lots of cutscenes by themselves, so I'm not sure what's the distinction here.Adventure game - absolutely not. The few puzzles there are, are traditional RPG fair of pulling switches etc. They all also have clues nearby that basically tell you the solution in a very unambiguous manner.WRPG - here it gets a bit tricky. Technically, yes, the game has a supposedly open world and character customization. In practice, however, you are cut off of large parts of the world until specific points in the (very linear) story. The openness here is mostly retrospective - you can return to any areas you've visited, yes, but are very limited in the ability to unlock them out of order. There are sidequests, but they are all simple fetch/kill quests - hardly a ""best part"" of any genre.Character development, on the other hand, is made largely ireelevant by the fact that each charcter, in typical JRPG fashio, has their own set of skills and equipment, Skills' effectiveness scales with certain stats, so to keep your character effective you just have to increase those stats with little leeway. Also, there are only 5 stats.Other parts of the game - combat, exploration etc. - are, I guess, alright. As I've said, it's not a bad game, although it doesn't venture far enough from the RPGMaker template for my tastes. But if you truly want a game that combines best parts of Western and Japanese RPGs, try Voidspire Tactics, Lords of Xulima or Betrayal at Krondor, a classic."
76561197968488826,Recommended,440540,23412241,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,SeventyX7,"I've tried a few rpgmaker games over the years and I don't think I ever completed one.  I usually got bored with them due to boring stories and repetitive combat.  This was the first one I've ever completed and the only one I'd recommend.STORY8/10Overall, I found the story to be pretty good.  All of the characters had backstories and motivations independent of ""just group together to save the world!""  The game also didn't boil down to just good vs evil, as there were multiple factions with goals and allegiences that might coincide for part of the game or put them at odds for other parts.  I was interested in a lot of characters - not just the main party and the story was interesting enough to get me through to the end.  I wanted to see how it would all end and the closure and ending were satisfying.Ultimately it was sort of a ""beat the bad guy to save the world"" kind of story, but it was an inspired take at that old rpg story archetype and given how much of a love letter the game was to rpgs of the past, I'd say it was intentional and well-executed.LEVEL DESIGN8/10The level design was impeccable not just for an rpgmaker game, but for rpgs in general.  For most of the game, you are put in the larger world of Ara Fell - an open world.  You have a map to show you the entire continent and where everything is, and you can navigate the world map to go almost everywhere.  Generally, the main story has you going to dungeons on the main map, with a few smaller side areas to explore as part of side quests or extra encounters.The dungeons themselves were very well designed.  The puzzles are not so complex that seasoned puzzle game players will be challenged, but they were difficult enough to satisfy the typical rpg player.  Dungeons themselves would require the solving of multiple puzzles to progress, sometimes in a non-linear fashion through the dungeon.  I thought the dungeon design was one of the strongest points of the game and figuring out exactly where to go next in the dungeon was something I enjoyed doing.The one complaint I have is there wasn't quite enough ""meaty"" side-content.  In the old rpgs of yore there were often larger end-game dungeons hidden in the game with an ""ultimate boss"" sort of enemy at the end, often stronger than the final boss.  There was no side-content that large in scale in this game, and I would have enjoyed it if there were more dungeons overall.COMBAT AND ENCOUNTER DESIGN9/10The combat and encounter design were the strongest points of this game for me.  Usually, the combat was the weakpoint of rpgmaker games I tried in the past, where it was so reptitive I would get bored and stop.  In poorly designed rpg combat, the player quickly discovers a ""dominant strategy"" - a way of playing out combat that can be used to win any combat, against any enemy in the game.  Limit break spam in Final Fantasy 8 would be an example of that.  That ruins combat by making it really boring.  This game did not have that weakness.There are no random encounters in this game - you have to walk into an enemy on the map in order to get into a turn-based rpg battle.  For these encounters against non-boss enemies there generally are dominant strategies to just easily win in 1-2 turns every single time [multishot spam + elemental burst deal with trash very quickly].  If combat against ""trash"" mobs was more interesting I would have probably given the game a 10 in this category.Where the game truly stands out is the ""boss"" battles.  The dominant strategies generally do not work in these, and they are sufficiently difficult.  I wiped several times this game on bosses, learning the mechanics.  Not only that, but the attacks of bosses varied enough that your defensive strategy [when to heal, when to use items, etc.] will differ based on boss encounter.  Also, there were alotof boss battles in this game and it was obvious thought went into each of them.I'd also like to note that it is definitely possible to grind in this game, though I never had to.CONCLUSIONI really enjoyed my time with this game.  It took me about 16 hours to clear, the game had strong level design and combat.  It also had an interesting-enough cast of characters and story to keep me engaged and wanting to know what came next.  The game also had lots of clever quality-of-life additions that all rpgs should have: saving at any time, asking you to save before boss fights, asking if you'd like to skip cutscenes before a boss, auto-combat, an option to play the game without any combat [story mode], and an option to check what the next step in the main quest is and where to go to do it.I did encounter a few bugs throughout my playthrough that would require me to reload an old save once, and others that prevented completion of a couple sidequests.  I also encountered a bug that prevented completion of the main quest.  I made a thread on the discussion thread about the main story bug and the developer responded within minutes and a few minutes after that a patch was out that fixed it.I hope the developer creates another rpg, I really enjoyed this one."
,Recommended,440540,33815613,Posted: 26 July,all,「Hanako」,"I'm not going to sell Ara Fell just because I can. I'm going to make a game that's worthy of being sold.-STEPHEN ANTHONY, Game creator.Ara Fellis the bestRPGMaker game i've ever played, althought my opinion might not count much, it is the 16th RPGMaker game I've finished on my RPGMaker Adventure on Steam. It's atmosphere is so unique, it's soundtrack so well-fitting, seriously, I love this game. At my first hour playing this game i thought to myself: ""I'm gonna spend some time exploring new areas"" and when i noticed it already have passed 4 hours. I don't even know how much time i spent looking to the scenery but i can tell ya that it were time well spent.Now, to some good points:RPGMaker (If you love RPGMaker games you can stop right here)Scenery (It's overwhelming how rich of details were each of the game's areas)Soundtrack (It's simply perfect)Side-Quests (I'm a lover of completionism)Story (The most important, Ara Fell's story isSOrich in details and it is so well written.)Now, to the bad points:Grinding (Which fun enough, you can totally forget as before you start your journey you can choose wether you want to fight enemies or not)To summarize, this game is totally worth it's full price.Now, if you're into Fantasy Adventures, it's a must have.God I love Lita"
,Recommended,440540,32678416,Posted: 23 June,all,Neoky,"I loved this game. I've been looking for a good 16-bit era RPG game for a while. Something with a balanced combat system, good story, great characters, interesting world, and fantastic music.Many retro games do a terrible job with the artwork, but Ara Fell has a consistent 16-bit look and a very interesting world and stage layouts. I'm definitely glad I played through it, and I've been recommending it to all of my friends.It's not a long game, but I felt it was long enough at ~15 hours."
76561198024657543,Recommended,440540,31478382,Posted: 30 April,all,sworth42,"TLDR: Good story in a JRPG style game. Recommended for anyone looking for a classic type game. Definitely worth the asking price of $10. Overall 9/10 score.Overall a very enjoyable game. Grading scale is for a $10 RPG Maker game, baseline score for average is 5/10.Graphics: 9/10- Lot of detail and effort put into making everything. Multitude of monsters, characters, and general effectsSoundtrack: 9/10- I really enjoyed the soundtrack with the exception of one song.Gameplay: 7/10- Standard ATB style like FF7 or the like. Once you get the hang of all the skills, the game boils down to multi-target vs single target strategy. Considering the variety of skills overall, I can give it a positive review, but not overwhelmingly so.Story: 9/10- I was pleasantly surprised of the details of the story. All party characters were fleshed out very nicely and I definitely enjoyed the interactions between characters.Developer: 10/10- The reason the game won't get an overall 10/10 is due to the bugs, but I felt there should be a special note for how helpful and prompt Stegosoft was when I encountered a bug which would have negatively impacted my playthrough. Within 24 hours of posting the bug in the forums I was presented with a solution. After they physically altered my save file, I was then able to continue playing as normal. I plan on buying their next game upon release for this fact alone."
76561198141171522,Recommended,440540,23642907,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Zanna,"It's a good game but has some caveats. I loved the story, gameplay, and sound. My only issue is little bugs that made the game feel completely disjointed. I thoroughly enjoyed being able to pretty much go wherever I wanted in this game. I'm not sure if it was a bug but EVERY warp-portal was active for me since pretty much the beginning. However, for some reason, I would sometimes view cutscenes completely out of order that totally ruined the storyline for me. Because of this confusion, I somehow managed to skip an entire dungeon and beat the final boss without the necessary items required (according to the story at least). Also, because of my crazy time traveling adventures, I somehow was unable to unlock the ability to craft the best armor in the game. Basically, I'm just reccommending people to be careful with how much they explore. Especially if they are an anal total completionist who needs to have the best gear on all of their characters and has to beat every boss/optional boss."
76561197999866270,Recommended,440540,23368826,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Wykstromius,"Ara Fell is a love letter to classic console rpgs.I'm not often compelled to write reviews, and generally when I do it is because the game is simply so bad I cannot understand why steam would have greenlit it, but in this case I'm pleasantly surprised.Ara Fell has a charming art style reminiscent of Secret of Mana while retaining enough individuality to stand out.  Likewise, the animations have enough frames for most actions to appear smooth, which is something I tend to find lacking in many rpgs these days.  As a pixel artist who works on games, I definitely approve.The story is amusing, cute, and interesting enough to keep me playing.  In all honesty I keep expecting the game to be over for the small price point I paid, and yet there's still more for me to do.  Lita is a sweet, if stereotypical, female protagonist and her companions all prove to round out the gameplay.  Speaking of gameplay...It's just fun to play.  The fights have this weird mix of Lufia and Final Fantasy going and I like it.  There's active time combat, characters pop around the screen to do their attacks, and the enemies array themselves in different patterns.  Overall it's enjoyable and I rarely feel like I'm grinding because most of the encounters can be avoided if you wish.I do think the game is a bit too hand-holdy even with the tutorials disabled, but other than that it is an extremely fun and worthwhile addition to my library -- and hopefully -- yours."
76561198015522181,Recommended,440540,23354986,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,simzzokergold,"Almost fell out of my chair when I found out they were working on and finishing this game. I'm not gonna lie, I am a sucker for RPGmaker games, especially well crafted ones. Ara Fell is probably one of the best examples of how to make an excellent RPGmaker game (even more awesome it uses the 2003 edition).  Music is great and compliments the various places and parts of the story throughout the game. Graphically, the game has a very similar style to 16bit era rpgs, specifically the ones that came out later/towards the end of SNES years. Think Secret of Mana 2 (Seiken Densetsu 3), but even this comparison doesn't really do it justice. The attention to detail is beyond excellent, little things like birds flying, animals scurrying about, lots of custom sprites\graphics. To put it another way, if someday down the road this game gets put in the humble 'RPGmaker' bundle with others similar to it, hope that this one gets played last cuz it will be a tough act to follow if its goes first."
76561198138469132,Recommended,440540,30384275,Posted: 7 March,all,BlindMind,"Not only as a masterful achievement with RPGMaker, but as an engrossing experience in general, Ara Fell truly thrives despite its small development scale. In fact, it conjures what even many million-dollar projects can't seem to get down - a sense of intimacy and real character.There's something about 16-bit RPGs that feels inherently nostalgic, no matter how modern or updated in style. And in that vein, Ara Fell definitely feels ""modern"" (despite originating more than ten years ago) compared with those SNES classics, with its increased emphasis on atmosphere and an ""open world"" sensibility.The story is adorable - but it's the exploration, and sheer sense of atmosphere - the birds and creatures fluttering about, the ambient sound effects, the attention-to-detail on every map - that make this experience great (and distinct from many retro games).I'm probably among the minority of jRPG fans that doesn't love the number-crunching grinding fair, which is also why I appreciate Ara Fell. The character-writing feels sharp and believable, even with the game's NPCs. Lita is a sarcastic, excitable anime archetype, without ever becoming too obnoxious or contrived. The art design feels truly ""floating"" and vividly otherworldly, despite the occasionally generic map tiles. The soundtrack is completely original, and likewise adds to the majestic/fantasy aesthetic.I discovered this game many years ago now; and I've always been inspired by it. Having tried my hand in RPGMaker personally, I know the incredible patience and time-commitment it requires to deliver even a halfway-competent experience. This game is far more than competent, though - it's quirky, cute, enthralling and even magnificent in some moments. Definitely would recommend for anyone who even remotely enjoys RPGs or retro projects."
,Recommended,440540,24430495,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Toastasaurus Rex,"It's solid, nothing much to complain about.When you look at an RPGmaker game on Steam, I always feel like the experience boils down into two questions- Is the combat interesting, and are the story/world/characters interesting? A game hits those two points reasonably well, and pretty much anything else can be forgiven.And I'd say that's the case here- The combat isn't amazing, and I honestly wish it were just turn-based instead of the weird almost-turn-based setup they have going on, but it's definitely functional and engaging when it needs to be. The story is nothing revolutionary, but the characters and the world are engaging and worth your time, and pretty darn well done. I enjoyed it plenty enough to justify the price."
,Recommended,440540,23391572,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Malachy,"tl;dr: for the love of god, buy this game.You know games that are made so well, somehow all of it looks and sounds and feels so effortless? You can just open it up, load your save, and drop so convincingly, so painlessly back into the world and characters. The whole time you're playing, you're not paying attention to the game itself or how it was made - the graphics, script, character designs, etc. You're simply absorbed into the plot like you do when reading a good book, because that's what you've found: a good story.Few games, whether made by indie developers or big console companies, have been able to succeed at this, but Ara Fell is one of the exceptions - and it's made with RPG Maker 2003, no less! The developers of Ara Fell make creating a JRPG seem like a piece of cake, but only when you look closer, do you realize that a phenomenal amount of skill, time, and creative energy was put into making something valuable. And it IS valuable. Besides the story, there's just the right amount of challenge, puzzles, exploration, tactics, and side-objectives to make a nearly perfect JRPG.My only 2 qualms are that 1) the map can be confusing and a little frustrating when you're trying to reach a quest point, but I've eventually been able to figure the paths out given enough time, and 2) I wish there were time stamps on your saves so you could load from the correct save slot easier. But once again, these are minor problems, especially when the game as a whole is just amazing. I can't even begin to describe how impressed I am."
,Recommended,440540,31410188,Posted: 27 April,all,Aureus,"Imagine “Ara Fell” being released in 1994 on SNES. It would undoubtedly become an immortal classic loved by entire generation of players who to this day have great memories of “Chrono Trigger” or “Final Fantasy” series. You know how there are dozens of bad RPG Maker games trying to offer an epic fantasy story about saving the world, but fail miserably and laughably? “Ara Fell” is a game those games want to become. It succeeds in almost every aspect and is one of the best retro-jRPG-style games I’ve played.The story is decent, characters are developed, battle is fun (and if you don’t like the turn-based battles, you can just skip them!), graphics are gorgeous (and some of the animations and cutscenes amazing), music and sound effect great...However.The game has its problems. Some of them are minor and I’ll come back to them soon, but some are related to the core experience itself. The game starts with the most magical, beautiful areas, music and small-scale characters interactions which are all extremely cute and fun. But the further the game goes, the less risks it tries to take. Even at the beginning it uses some safe story clichés such as “a girl finds a magical (piece of jewelry) and becomes The Chosen One”, but after some time it basically reminds you reading “The Grand List Of Console Role Playing Game Clichés” (you can Google it if you want). Sure, all of the implemented ideas are well thought out and everything is fine... But it’s just fine. Fine and basic. If you are new to RPGs or have a huge amount of nostalgia, you’ll be charmed, but if you are like me and you just love new, creative stories that make you Think, it’s not what you’ll find here.The game overall uses a lot of weird RPG-Makerish ideas which don’t have much sense for an outsider and don’t help the experience at all. Why can we walk into every house and just rob citizen’s chests, taking away their life savings? Why do so many characters just “walk in one place” (it’s a basic RPG Maker way of symbolizing “the character does something but we can’t animate it”... but it looks really bad), even on trees? Why is the game filled with random encounters which demand you repeat the same fight 10, 20, 30 times? Why are there crafting mechanics if you can find, get or buy most of the powerful armors and weapons anyway?You also need to get ready for not being able to make any significant choice considering the plot – the game is not only very linear, but also has one and only one version of story to offer, what is very common in jRPG world, but for western RPG players it may be rather weird. You need to know that you don’t play this game to participate in the story, but to spectate it.There are some minor bugs but the major problem I had was the annoying repetition of music. Don’t get me wrong – the music itself is mostly fine, sometimes great, but there is not enough of it to fill entire 15-16 hours of gameplay. Sometimes you are going to explore an area for an hour or so and you’ll keep listening the same minute of tunes over and over again, to the point you’ll start getting insane. I’m autistic so it didn’t bother me As Much, but when my girlfriend was sitting nearby she made me wear headphones since she was “getting crazy” (her words) from this music. The game definitely needed variety and this aspect sort of spoils the experience.One of the redeeming features is that the game is very player-friendly. You can build your characters’ statistics by yourself and if you think you made a bad job, you can reset them and try again thanks to NPCs located in many convenient places. You are almost always close to a friendly merchant and trading itself is very easy and accessible. One of the greatest tools is the so-called “story mode” feature – you can turn it on to give your characters a special ability that instantly kills your enemies, so if you’re not enjoying some of the fights or are tired of grinding, you can just quickly roll with it and oneshot your path through. The game remind you to save before any major encounter and allows you to skip some of the cutscenes as well as just walk away and postpone the fight. The characters regenerate outside-of-battle very fast and you can sometimes find special monuments explaining how strong your party should be before fighting in a new area. I love how convenient and comfortable playing this game is.Even if you are not a part of the core target of “Ara Fell”, I want to make one thing perfectly clear – this game would be absolutely great for a 10-13 year old kid (as long as he or she has an open mind and can accept a game with unrealistic graphics). It has some creative, creepy imagery, but nothing terrifying. A difficulty level isn’t very high for an experienced gamer, but for a person new to this kind of entertainment it can be quite challenging. I think this game would be a perfect gift for a young person – and I’m sure I would absolutely love it with my whole heart if I could play it when I was 10 (...and if I magically would learn English back then ; )). I just wish the game would be less nostalgic and more creative, but it’s really good nevertheless. Money well spent."
,Recommended,440540,31031680,Posted: 8 April,all,panpan,"simply one of the best jrpg you will findI don't think I need to point out what is really good about this game anymorebut anw here is what I love from Ara Fell:-surprisingly addictive storyline-nice art-awesome music and ambient sound-a lot of unique characters-npc feels alive-boss fight are beautifully thought out, well made, with great design and fit to the story perfectly-cute comedy and funny moments throughout the game-secrets and hidden places-so many other things that I didnt mention bcs I don't want to write an essayand the only side effect to this game is that you might want a sequel"
,Recommended,440540,30222153,Posted: 27 February,all,Frogge,"Ara Fell is spectecular. For a long time, the game was abondoned. It had a remake in progress which never got finished. However, in 2016, the project was back and completed. And oh boy was it worth it.Ara Fell is definetly what it promises to be, a throwback to older rpgs. Of course, as a 16 year old who hasn't played that many games before the playstation era, I wouldn't know that too well and I can't exactly call it ''nostalgia''. But one thing is for sure; if this came out back then, it would probably be revolutionary. Anyway, I'm just mumbling. Let's get onto the actual review.Ara Fell's most outstanding aspect is the graphics. It uses a free stock asset pack, and it uses it well (Ps: Do keep in mind that there are customs in there, but made to match the style of the pack. Some examples would be the blue crystals or the battlers.) Mapping is where it really stands out, as Ara Fell's world feels detailed and large while also being a good enough size to leave you time to explore as you play along. It honestly feels like an island in the sky, and can crete atmosphere just using maps. The rpg maker 2003 engine (which is what the game is made in, fyi) has a lot of limits, and Ara Fell cleverly pushes those limits to their limits with fully animated battle skills, a crafting system and a level up mechanic that lets you increase whatever stats you wish to increase.The story is not the best thing out there. It's fairly cliche, but the really well written, humorous dialogue definetly makes up for it. Usually, what causes me to drop most long games is that I'll get stuck or end up in a situation where I have to backtrack a lot. Ara Fell makes sure that doesn't happen with quick travels (which should probably be a thing in every rpg tbh) and its length of 15 hours is just about perfect.The game's music is pretty neat. It doesn't have a lot of tracks, but the few it does have are quite good. There's one battle theme that I found great. It is titled ''Ara Fell Final Boss'' in the files, though in the game it's not actually used for the final boss (A shame, because it's actually much better than the final boss theme we get.)The game has few flaws, but none that make the game ''not worth playing''. The most minor thing is a few graphical glitches here and there. There's a few scenes where the character gets cut-off by tiles that should be below her, but are above instead. The more major flaw of Ara Fell is the battles. At first, the battles start out difficult, but once you're done with the first chapter or so it becomes much more easier. In a game, the battles should go from easy to hard, not from hard to easy. There's one quest where you have to defeat a bunch of enemies in the area, and without using the easy insta kill option (The game asks you if you want it at the beginning if you want the insta kill option if you just wanna get on with the story instead of spending time on battles, though you can just choose not to use it during battle) it's quite a pain. I really appreciated how quick the game was in healing you though. If you walk a few steps you'll recover hp, and I really liked that.This has been kind of a short one, but Ara Fell has very few bad sides and is overall a game that's really worth buying. The price is just about perfect, if not a little too cheap. You should really give it a try if you enjoy rpgs.PS: If you come across a shop that lets you upgrade your skills, get Elemental Burst ALL. It's a beast."
76561198165442724,Recommended,440540,28920616,Posted: 1 January,all,Andrew,"Disclaimer: I've only played about an hour & a half into the game.I'm skeptical of the words ""RPG MAKER"".  However, this game is exceptional, it really feels like you ARE playing a good SNES rpg.So far, interesting characters, fun story, accessible gameplay, HIGHLY RECOMMENDED."
,Recommended,440540,23843174,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Caius Nelson,"Ara Fell’s greatest strength can be explained best through a quote from the great Shakespeare, “Brevity is the soul of wit.”If you’ve played any number of RPGs as of late, you’ll have noticed a common flawed logic dominating a lot of them. The idea that more, or longer is innately better. The problem is if you look at some of the best games of the genre, a lot of them are better partly because of how short and focused they are. You can beat Chrono Trigger in less than 20 hours on your first time through, and I don’t think more needs to be said about Undertale.Ara Fell took be a grand total of 9 hours to playthrough and that is actually a massive point in it’s favor. Aside from being a respectable length for a $10 game, the developers didn’t waste time with menial side quests or filler and busy work that was there just for the sake of padding things out. There are plenty of optional quest along the way that grant rewards that make them worth it if you take the time to complete them, but it’s never a scenario where the story is somehow gated off until your complete some side mission that you may not really care about, keeping things constantly moving towards the final goal, instead of arbitrarily drawing things of the sake of a long run-time.Another key strength is how the game is smart enough not to take itself so ludicrously seriously. Ara Fell is more comedy than it is Lord of the Rings style fantasy adventure, and a lot of that comes from the exceptionally well written characters. Your only have 4 party members for the whole run, which is good as it lets you get to know each one better as a result. They feel more like a cohesive group with their own personalities, interests and nuisances to them, all delivered through consistently funny tongue and cheek dialogue.Not that that’s to say there’s no drama or heavy moments throughout, but their aren’t overloaded to the point of becoming mundane and are used in just the right moments to add the impact they need.Gameplay wise, well, this is a classic turned-based RPG so you know how this goes. However, the addition of more modern features like increased maneuverability when exploring, or being able to choose which specific stat to advance for each character upon leveling up all help really help make the game feel like the appropriate mix of old-school features but modernized in just the right way.Ara Fell may not be the 50 hour epic tale that you’d expect from a Final Fantasy, but you know what that’s fine, because it has the perfect price and length to make it exactly what I needed as the mid-year dry season befalls us."
76561198133995509,Recommended,440540,25780460,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,sithious,"This is one of those Gems.I you've played RPG Maker made games before, you know the quality for the most part will be abysmal. Not for the lack of great developers or as a critique for the engine, but rather for the amount of games that are produced.Here's one that stands out, not just as an RPG maker game, but as a standalone shining example of what a developer that truly cares for their product can do, given enough time.As a disclaimer, I hadn't finished the game at the time of writing, but it has grabbed me instantly with it's setting and attention to detail, and is fast becoming one of my favorite JRPGs of the post 2001 golden-age.Do yourself a favor and pick this up if you like the genre, It's worth every penny at full price in my opinion."
,Recommended,440540,33257091,Posted: 4 July,all,TheDauthi,"This is definitely not your usual RPGMaker game. It's pretty for a 16-bit style game. I loved the music. I liked the story. It was pretty obvious where it was going, but it was still well-told and well-thought-out. The lore is entrenched in the game; many of the NPCs give tiny bits of the background, and the NPCs change over time. This is the kind of detail that really shows passion.It genuinely feels like an mid-16-bit era RPG. Not as polished as, say, Final Fantasy VI, but above Lufia.The biggest problem is that the engine itself shows its age. It desperately needs a combat speed increase. There are also a few times in which it's easy to get lost because the paths don't show up as obviously as they should.All that said, if that's the worst I can say about a game, it's worth playing."
76561198036919871,Recommended,440540,28852352,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,silversoul255,"This is a well-written high fantasy JRPG that expertly walks the line between strong linear story and open-world exploration.As a veteran of RPGs- they weren't JRPGs when I started playing them- my opinion is this game is excellent.  This game tells a story, introduces you to real characters, paints a picture, plays a symphony, and provides both exploration and challenge all at the same time.  It is true to the soul of the JRPG, and I am in awe of it.Down to earth a bit: my guess is I played this game for about 20 hours (ignore my time played stat- I was offline for a great deal of it).  There are a ton of features that are very welcome: save anywhere, warnings about ""points of no return"", a well-balanced crafting system which is relevant, level recommendations for high-level areas, and four very distinct character roles who can redo their stats at any time.  This game is filled with convenience for the player.  It WANTS you to enjoy it...so you should!"
76561198064392359,Recommended,440540,23835416,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,justinmitchell1628,"Ara Fell is a fantastic example of a fun, complex world with lore that is spread throughout the game and a story that you can enjoy at every step. The use of the RPG Maker engine's features is brilliant, from the battle system to the fields. The music in Ara Fell kept me going probably more than anything, but don't let that undersell the story and world and overall gameplay. This is what classic jrpgs SHOULD be. This game doesn't feel like an RPG Maker game at all, and for the level of love and passion that was poured into it, I would happily have paid twice the price. Pick it up and you won't be disappointed."
76561198006276098,Recommended,440540,23509198,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Samurai Cop,"As someone who is always skeptical of RPGmaker games being cheap poorly constructed cash grabs; I have to proclaim this game is certainly not one of them. I don't know much of the whole past with this games history before it was released as a pay game on Steam. What I do know is for this first attempt it's really quite a lovely RPG.It features alot of nice things that RPGmaker trash games usually miss out on. Some fun but no overly insane side quests. A open world map with explorable towns that actually vary in look and feel. Good balancing, nice over all sprite work. A rather stereotypical plot but honestly that's not really a bad thing if you're looking to find an old style turn based RPG that feels very much like the old console JRPG's of old.Make no mistake though, Ara Fell is not a bland game which I believe is one of the biggest issues that is associated with RPGmaker titles. The characters and events are actually interesting and memorable. The story is compelling enough in my opinion to keep you interested and wanting to see it through to the end.Ara Fell seems to draw certain inspirations from games like Secret of Mana, Zelda, Lufia II. Battles take place in turn based style but you're more or less free to explore as much of the world as possible fairly early on. Doing so is actually fun an rewarding at times when you stumble upon a secret wall or a hidden path to discover some cool loot.The game isn't without it's flaws and you do come across parts where you sort of feel like it could have been much better polished. All in all though it's pretty well done and beats the pants of alot off 98 percent of RPGmaker games. I hate to even lump it into the RPGmaker game category in way because this game surpasses so many of them and feels like a solid 16-bit console JRPG should.I'd give this a recommendation for people longing for a bit of past nostalgia when it comes to these style of games. Generally I'm pretty picky when it comes to what RPG's I like. Ara Fell didnt disappoint me whatsoever. It's also well supported with the developer constantly working on stamping out any bugs reported which is very nice to see his dedication.The price might seem a wee bit high; although I think it's important to remember you're not just buying the game but helping to encourage someone to keep developing an using their up and coming talents to build more games in an even better fashion if you appreciate that type of thing.The game itself also lends to casual play by using what is called a Story mode. Which basically results in you never being able to lose a battle and one shotting everything including bosses, for those who just want to see the story play out without putting much effort into character developing. Even in normal mode it doesn't require much grinding if any at all to complete. In fact I think the only real thing you might need to grind for at times is money to be able to afford some of the higher tier armor and weapons if you desire to own everything possible.Enemies are generally easy to avoid if you don't wish to get caught up in a fight. The game is very friendly in that it normally always prompts if you'd like to save first before entering into a boss battle. It also gives you warnings of what level you would probably like to be at when coming across areas with stronger enemies as you go along.The leveling up stats system is pretty similar to Super Mario RPG where you earn points on leveling up to distribute into things like magic, defense, ect. It also includes a crafting system to create things like potions or unique weapons and armor that you cannot normally purchase in shops. You also have purchasable skills and of course a variety of weapons and armor which you tailor to your own play style and character builds.You can also discover warp points by way of a warp crystal for all the major locations in the game which makes back tracking fairly painless and quick for getting to your destination once you've located them all. Along with that you also discover an ability which allows you to fly and land at certain fixed points on the map.The game has even improved and added more since the time I wrote this and completed it for the first time. That speaks highly for the amount of care going into making this an excellent quality game.Long review short, if you looking for a bit of classic RPG fun Ara Fell is a pretty good choice to purchase."
76561198011257824,Recommended,440540,23731028,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Ivalice,"One of the better RPGmaker title out there. Art and environment is the best, maps are very good and characters are memorable. Gameplay isn't too shabby but you need to play beyond the first few hours to fully enjoy the game. RECOMMENDED."
,Recommended,440540,26344923,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Nevermore_!,Production full of passion and talent. This is how to make game with rpgmaker.10/10Masterpiece.
,Recommended,440540,31651804,Posted: 9 May,all,River's,"- Excellent story-driven rpg. Quantity and quality.- Characters are many and mostly well developed. The main good and evil characters in this game are very relatable and realistic compared to the most famous RPGs.- Environments are amazing and have never looked so alive in this art style.- Surprisingly enough, the story is even better and easily the best aspect of the game.- Fighting is simple once you figure out the best options, but by that time you will be all into the story. No grinding.- Side-quests are well blended into the game and just the right amount.- Nice soundtrack. A handful of music tracks are perfectly fitting the situations they're used in. The rest is enjoyable, apart from a couple of uninspired ones. Still, it is the kind of music you would not mind to listen to also outside of the game.The ending makes you wish for a sequel in this same world, maybe even with another group of heroes, maybe in another region or time. This to me means that the game is able to draw you into its world and make you care about it, which is rare.Well done to the developers!"
76561198046831657,Recommended,440540,28496079,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,composerposer,"I was hesitant to buy a game that was made in RPGMaker, but... seriously, the game is great. The game is beautifully designed with a fantastic soundtrack. There aren't a ton of different tracks, but each one fits very well. The turn-based battle system as throwback, while certainly not as exciting as more modern ARPGs, works very well, with each character having a specific role to fulfill.The game is not without its issues, most notably how easy it is to get a little over-leveled. I was around level 30 going into the final area and absolutely annihilated everything without ever worrying about dying. So... you know, don't grind early on. Still, the game comes as a hearty recommendation. I felt the urge to write a review, which is something I NEVER do."
76561198081451364,Recommended,440540,29296722,Posted: 16 January,all,LoonyLadle,"I played Ara Fell back when it was an RPG Maker 2003 game, and thought Lita was the most adorable protagonist everrrrr. She is slightly less adorable in her Steam incarnation. Can we get a patch to bring back her RM2k3 victory animation please?Anywayz, the game. It's adorable and well designed. If you like classic CRPGs you'll like this. It is difficult to convey in words how *good* Ara Fell is. It's adorable. Have I mentioned that yet? I think I have. Stop reading reviews and play the damn thing."
,Recommended,440540,30231881,Posted: 27 February,all,rphl.,"Got this game last year on a ""Why the hell not?"" shopping spree because it had a lot of things I like: 16-bit graphics, turn-based RPG, good reviews. So, yeah, why the hell not? Looking back now, I'm glad I did buy it.Pros:- Nice 16-bit visuals;- Great gameplay system, with item and potion crafting, even being used in quests.- Great, great story, from what I've played so far;- Cheap enough. Honestly, a game with this much content for this price is rare.- Exceptional support. If you see the comment board, the game creator himself set up a thread for bug fixing, and he responds to each bug claim individually.Cons:- Problems with game settings, which I'm sure it has been fixed by now.Don't mind the almost inexistent playtime, this game is a must-buy for those who enjoyed the SNES RPGs era and for those who seek a great, simple turn-based RPG with great story."
76561198354077790,Recommended,440540,31547538,Posted: 4 May,all,TaiChi963,"This is my first review and this game definitely deserves writing a review. This Game is Amazing. It found a perfect harmony between leveling and story progression, meaning you get to enjoy the awesome battle music and cool 16 bit battle effects without ever getting even slightly bored. Not only is the battle music good, but the music more generally is spectacular, easily comparable to that of some of the legendary JRPGs like Corpse Party and such. The story is also both gripping and emotive, with characters that won't fail to elicit a reaction because there are very few characters are clear-cut good or evil, with you potentially pitying your adversaries and questioning your allies, while never failing to make its elements of subtle humor get a laugh. All in all, Ara Fell is infinitely worth the price, with upwards of 12 hours of content that you will enjoy every second of.Seriously, if you like any JRPGs you HAVE to buy this game :)"
,Recommended,440540,29196629,Posted: 11 January,all,Marcos Saraiva,Pros:-Nice game with a interesting story.-Rewards exploration.Cons:-Lacks a bit in battle diversity (once you get the optimal order of spells it works for every single battle)
09084473921056796,Recommended,440540,31383448,Posted: 26 April,all,Twisted_Banana,"This game blew me away. I was intrigued by it and waited for it to go on sale, and that's when I bought it. But Ara Fell is more than worth its full price of $10.Pros:+This game's charm level is off the charts. It is very polished and the world it creates is beautiful.+Characters are likeable and fun. The dialogue is very well-written and the story is captivating. It plays off of typical fantasy elements (elves, dwarves, humans, vampires, etc.) but does so in a way that doesn't feel too cliche.+The ending. I wasn't expecting it and it was very good.+The action bar battle system is nice.+The game is suitably long. It gives you your money's worth without becoming boring.+Lots of fun side quests.+Boss fights are really fun.+Most battles are avoidable and there are no random encounters.Cons:-Some of the battles get repetitive. It seems that there are only a few different patterns of enemies that show up in each area, and once you learn the optimum way to defeat them, battles become a little tedious. There is an auto mode, but it doesn't skip the battle; it simply plays it for you.-The game felt too easy to me. I did complete most of the side quests (which give you experience), so I think I was higher level than I should have been for most of the game, but even still...I almost never felt concerned that I would lose in a battle. The one exception to that is when I would venture into a side quest that involved killing a boss which heavily out-leveled me. But I just came back later and beat it. The upside of this is that grinding is unnecessary.Don't let the fact that this is an RPGMaker game turn you away. If you're even remotely interested in this game, I recommend it to you."
,Recommended,440540,26422652,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,DEUS VULT,"I don't do many reviews, cause my grammar and spelling sucks, but I always write one, when I play a totally underated gem. You can bash me later.I haven't played any games on RPGMaker 2k3 for the last 10 years until now. This game proves that even after 10 years, that style of RPG can be still more enjoyable than modern RPGs.WARNING: Major Spoilers may appear after Gameplay and Music Section ReviewGameplay:I really loved how I had a main quest and instead of following the main route, I prefered to explore the map and as many locations as possible, looted everything and did all side quests. The battle system is very nice especially in boss fights, when special events occur and you have to fight under new circumstances. Additionally, crafting system was innovative and easy to understand. I loved the puzzles, solving riddles to advance, however what I disliked was the repeated search of the keys for the next rooms or the let's go a long walk to active this button, then the whole way back and to another button the same loooong way, would have preferred more puzzles though. The auto-save reminder came helpful at the beginning, but as you progress the story it starts to get annoying, because after I've always saved, when I was expecting a boss fight, it popped up and asked me to save again. (Didn't found it to turn it off, overlooked it maybe). One of my favourite mechanics in this game and that was really something else and I have to mention and praise it, that you can f***ing crawl, swim, jump and fly! You see that rarely in a RPGMaker game with those features.Music:Simply wow. It had everything, calm chilling forest music until thrilling boss battle themes. I really loved the music, it fit so well in every aspect and scene.WARNING MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS STARTING HEREStory:Little Girl finds a ring, gets the quest to save the elven race, enemies are vampires and one plot twist after another. The beginning was sold so well, as the story advanced it kept me further going. I really didn't want to stop playing this game or try to play another one in between. Finished the game in one go with sleeping to the next day included. I wish the story could have had more content, but I'm satisfied how it is. I assume there won't be a sequel, so I'm not treating this ending as a potential cliffhanger. It's an open end and many things are still unsolved like why did Baramon even create vampires, why was Lita really chosen and succeeded (even many before tried to lift the curse and failed). My theory is still that she has the inner goddess inside her, but that's just my conspiracy. Why was Ara Fell even in the Sky? (laughed at the pun when Ara litereally Fell)Characters & Design:When I saw all the characters, which would have been in my party I just thought ""urgh, I don't like them except Lita."" In the end I loved them all. There is so much character development in each of them and I definitely have to say that Doren is my favourite character. It felt like he was the main character, because he saw the beginning and witnessed it to the end. At first I thought he is just a random bard in Lita's town, screw me. Totally laughed at all his ex-girl friends. Seri Kesu must felt so betrayed by him. Unlike Seri Kesu and Lita, Adrian felt really poor like he doesn't fit much as a main character in my opinion. The interaction between the characters, mostly between Adrian and Lita (awesome portraits sometimes) were hilarious, made me smile really often even in dangerous situations in the story. Design of the World was beautiful. The map in the beginning so confusing, but after crossing almost every map like 20 times, it came pretty handy.SPOILER ENDGameplay   9.5/10Music    10/10Story    9/10Characters & Design  9.5/10Overall 9.5/10To Sum up, it is the best RPGMaker 2k3 game I've played since Vampires Dawn 2 and i played many RPG2k3 games in the past and would definitely recommend it to people who are looking for a good 2k3 Maker game.The chance is slim that there might be a sequel, however I hope one day there will be one, because the ending is a real big cliffhanger or you can make a prequel, to answer all those remaining questions. I would definitely put out my wallet and gladly pay 30€ or more for a 2nd part, aslong it has more than 20 hours gameplay and all the mechanics and features from the first game."
,Recommended,440540,28355497,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,BaronScrewtape,"Pros:Good story.Actually challenging minigames.Swimming/Jumping actually opens up interesting puzzle opportunities.Cons:No audio controls.Quests and other Information are dumped into the item inventory as objects.Overall, I like the game. I just think it needed more polish before release. Will recommend if discounted."
,Recommended,440540,24280429,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Requimatic,"Ara Fell: a wonderful little gem in an amalgamation of RPGMaker garbage. If you're a fan of old-school RPGs reminiscent of the SNES classics, you will enjoy this game. I'll break it down the best I can here.Story: 10/10The story here was quite interesting, even though it was somewhat cliche. (Not too bad, though!) Throughout the game I found myself actually reading the dialogue, rather than skipping past it to continue on. The thick layer of humor applied to a lot of it was also quite refreshing.Music: 8/10While I enjoyed the soundtrack of the game thoroughly, I found that there was a little less variety than I imagined there would be. Typically, you'll hear the same track across multiple maps and on different ends of the game. Somewhat disappointing, but at least it wasgoodmusic and not something annoying.Gameplay: 10/10The gameplay is where Ara Fell really shines. This isn't your typical ""walk around, kill stuff, walk around more"", etc. kind of RPG. There are times where you have to crouch, swim, climb, and jump to reach the next area, or secret areas. Also a bit of puzzle solving, which is nice. There's quite a bit of back-tracking, too, which is also nice considering how linear most games like this are. Speaking of linear, you're free to explore wheverer you're capable of going. Considering you can avoid combat 90% of the time if you like, you can even access a few select areas a bit early to acquire a few powerful items that I ended up using until almost the end of the game.Combat: 6/10While the combat was good, I was also a bit disappointed in it. It goes a bit slow at first, but once you're used to it it isn't too terrible. What I found disappointing, though, is that the array of combat abilities each character has is... rather small. (None has more than... 7? abilities to use, though you can upgrade them all one time later on. (From level 1 to 2.))The main character has a special ""Scout"" ability that you can use to see an enemy's stats, and a later character has two different magic menus (Single/Multiple target)... but other than that, it's the typical ""attack/defend/flee"" menus.Menus aside, the amount of skills each character has is very limited, which I found disappointing. No combos between team members, coupled with the small pools of abilities to begin with, made me feel like combat was fairly lacking. It wasn't terrible, but it certainly could have been better.Overall: 8.5/10Despite my few gripes with the game, I really enjoyed it over all. I wish it was a little longer, but I'm a bit of a ""speed runner"" when it comes to RPGs, even those that promote exploration, and typically find myself finishing them quickly, even if I go for 100% completion. That said, I still recommend this game to anyone looking for a neat little RPG to play in their spare time; it really is a great game, and I sincerely hope a sequel, or a game set in the same world, is made, because I'm sure it would be good as well."
,Recommended,440540,28835433,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Ekima,"Yes! Almost immediately this triggered a memory, and by the time I saved some pets, I was certain I had once upon a time played a demo of this.I am happy to say that this has since been polished, and it is a beautiful game, in no small part due to the wonderful soundtrack. I was never bored, the story and characters were interesting and believable, and aside from a few quest that felt repetitive and a few old clichés, this game is just brilliant.I have nothing else to say - it's worth every penny, and I really hope it gets a just as amazing sequel."
76561198065744208,Recommended,440540,28810629,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Turncoat,"I do like good and deep RPG games. I hate JRPG genre overall, but this game changed my opinion.This game does not have an epic story or deeply developed characters, but I trully enjoyed a time spent playing it. Graphics is a one thing I liked the most, world looks almost alive. It seems that developers made a good effort creating varios locations using limited tools. Music is rather good, but nothing special. Nice bit of humour and a few well placed puzzles making a good mix as well. There is almost no grinding to progress further, which is a bane of JRPG games.There is a bug I found playing itjust before the final battle you have to climb down the ladder to the water, I managed to jump over the edge and went straight to the next location. By doing that i skipped unstoning a few elves scattered through the cave and a fight with Baramon"
,Recommended,440540,33463159,Posted: 11 July,all,D.D. Knight,10/10 Hope the story continues after the fell
76561198038337141,Recommended,440540,33759594,Posted: 23 July,all,Tabitha Schecter,This game is worth more than full price.  The story is absolutely astonishing.  The graphics and music are BEAUTIFUL.  I cannot praise this game enough.  I regret that I will never experience this game for the first time again.  I sincerely hope we get more to the story!The gameplay is simplified for even a casual player to enjoy.I highly recommend this to anyone who has been looking to fill the void that the rpgs of the '90's left in our hearts.  I PROMISE you that this game succeeds in filling that void.
76561198038248820,Recommended,440540,30438995,Posted: 10 March,all,Timoteo32,"I'm currently at the start of Chapter 4. The story is interesting and I've found it to be much more addicting than I expected.  The game play isn't super complicated, but for me at least, it makes it sort of relaxing and doesn't distract from the story. I also really like the colors scheme and I think the soundtrack is fantastic.  There are a number of handy quality of life components, like prompts to save before bosses and notifications when you're crossing irreversable points, that also contribute to the relaxing feel and enhance enjoyment (for me personally).My largest critique is that the random creeps are fairly repetitive but the leveling system still feels pretty rewarding. I think the rewards for defeating bosses are substantial enough, it prevents you from having to do a lot of grinding if you just naturally play through the story.  Bosses are the opposite of the random enemies, each one so far is fairly unique and thought out. They fit well within the story, and that increases the satisfaction of defeating them.Overall, I think the game is a great value. It's cute and amusing that makes a nice diversion from life. I got it on a whim and a recommendation from a friend, but I found myself sinking a surprising amount of time into it the first few days. I'm looking forward to finishing it when work slows down."
,Recommended,440540,33217243,Posted: 3 July,all,El ScorPio,"This RPG game is one of the best RPG games (created with RPG maker) that I played.But why is it good :?- The story is good and interesting to follow.- The music is much better than simple 16 bit sounds. Great music, only note here is that the battle music remains the same. (except for boss battles).- The turn based action is easy to understand, even if you not familiar with RPG's- You can level up and choosing a skill that levels up (example: attack, defence, magic defence). Normally i don't like this, but in this game it's very easy to use and to understand.- You can upgrade your weapons and Armor by buying it or crafting new Armor.- Enough (not too much) side quests that aren't boring.This game definitely should be played by people that love RPG"
76561197989535096,Recommended,440540,23378894,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,sgtwhiskeyjack,"First time I've felt the need to edit a review. I love this game, it's magical and the best I've ever played. The story is so well written and entwined into the game. You do everything in the adventure, with the usual quests you'd expect but intrinsically linked to the story (you collect things for a very good reason :D) and as has been stated by others, the dialogue is believable and never makes you wince or cringe (except ALL RIGHT instead of ALRIGHT). Absolutely brilliant game. The music is excellent, the combat is fun, the visuals are great, but what stands out the most is the story - it has the style and intrigue of a David Gemmell book."
76561198041995196,Recommended,440540,23399751,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Doisne,"I really enjoyed Ara fell! I started this game without knowing what it was about, only have seen the trailer for a little bit, but I enjoyed the ride! Overall it is a great game and I definitely recommend other people to play this. If you want to hear my opinion about the game (spoiler free) Continue reading.Story:So in short, the story is about a floating island that is doomed to fall out of the sky and the girl needs to stop it. It's a pretty good story and enjoyable. When I started the game, the story was well introduced. It explained itself pretty well, so I didn't feel like I jumped without knowing anything. You could read all the stories about the island on the bookshelf's pretty soon in the game. There weren't any plot holes that I could find.Art/design:The art is really good in this game. It is a japanese style kind of game. Everything was designed pretty well and you really felt like you were exploring (This is why I bought this game, because it looked really good). Everything looked finished and done.Sound:The sound is really good, the ost's were really rememberable! Would love to buy the soundtrack and all.Characters:This was probably the major turndown for me which I can call annoying for some people. The humour need's to be your cup of tea. How the characters react to certain kind of things in the game was in my opinion a bit mehh. I see where they were trying to do with the humour, but that made it seem like the characters were not real at all. I never got a emotionally attached to the characters, because they seemed fake. From time to time the girl was serious about things and the other time she was completely joking about it, she didn't even seem bothered by all the dead bodies in the game which they also joked about. This was part of the humour though, which again you have to like.Pve:I don't play alot of turn based games, but I enjoyed this one! It could have been a bit more difficult, because I actually didn't have a hard time killing things. I never died on my run, only a few times when I tried to kill stuff that was waaay above my lvl. The mechanics were decent, it could have been a bit more various. Overall it was great though and I haven't really encountered anything, which I can call bad. Although I loved the lvling up system you could really have a big impact on your characters, if you wanted to have more defense you could choose that, or if you wanted more damage. Mana actually gave every character a purpose, everyone had to use it and everyone had different abilities. You could even lvl up spells which I think is a great mechanic.Bug's/things:There are some slight bugs here and there that you are going to encounter, but it's thankfully not game-breaking. One more thing I would like to mention that some mechanic later in the game can be a bit annoying, not the pve but for the main quest which I hated alot. Ofcourse I can't say what, because that would be a spoiler;)Overall thoughts:I did enjoy this game really much, because the gameplay was amazing, loved the exploring, doing all the sidequests. Prepare yourself in no-lifing these 26 hours of playtime like I did, because it gets addicting. The ending was pretty satisfying and again the art was amazing and certainly well done. So I definitely recommend this game to anyone ;)"
,Recommended,440540,24836552,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Rezilia,"Pros:- Large amount of content for an RPGM game, half of the content of a FF game.- Consistent support by the developer, in everything from fixing bugs to responding to users' comments.- Worth the listed price.- Good and unique exploration elements.- Lovely music and detailed graphics (for an RPGM03 game).- Compelling story, with only a few cliches that don't deter from the plot.- Complex characters.- Consistently grammatically correct English dialogue, with only a few exceptions (which get fixed).Cons:- Many parts of the plot can easily be predicted by the player.- Biggest cliche is Light = Good, Darkness = Evil even though that's only the case because the plot makes it that way (not the characters themselves).- Many parts of the game world seem to be explorable yet aren't.- Side quests don't do much, so the open world environment isn't non-linear.- Some features seem to be abandoned about halfway through the game.Overall, a great game that's worth the buy and worth the try. While made on an older RPGM version, if most other RPGM developers put as much heart and soul into their games as this one did, they would all be amazing."
76561198099325174,Recommended,440540,23457580,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,dinkleberry,"Boy am I glad I bought this one.Ara Fall is a great game that harkens back to the old SNES/PSX days of the RPG. It features a unique world and setting that is brought to life through beautiful 2-d spritework, rewarding exploration and memorable music. I fell in love with the look and feel of wandering the world and constantly finding new secrets and items around every corner kept things fresh. The story is pretty standard and predictable but told well enough to make it a true joy.In a world of cheap RPG Maker cash-ins it's nice to find a unique experience that is an actual work of labor and love."
,Recommended,440540,23461585,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,gigarex,"Just finished the game after 16 hours of gameplay, so you definitly get your money's worth out of the game. I really enjoyed this game and the story was very well written that I felt engrossed while playing. The devs are constantly fixing bugs and there is even info on the lore in the discussion page. In total I am really happy I bought this game and am looking forward to other works by the devs."
76561198095835895,Recommended,440540,31050738,Posted: 9 April,all,noxyoursox,"This is one of very, very few games I have played all the way through to the end. The characters really felt like real people (even the side characters!) and the world was immersive and well thought out. The amount of detail that went into the maps made the game feel rich with life (if perhaps infested with pidgeons ;3 ). I don't think anything in the plot really took me by surprise--the big reveals were pretty easy to guess at. There also was a lot of grinding at one point which caused me to switch over to Story Mode--though if you have the patience for a couple spots like that the combat is pretty rewarding and well-animated. Overall though, it was a very enjoyable RPG and one of the best RPG Maker games I have played."
76561198062919680,Recommended,440540,31227195,Posted: 18 April,all,MY COMRADE NOW,"An excellent game all around. Art and music are good, combat is good - character skillsets are unique and useful - there's a good degree of customization, exploration is rewarded well. Most importantly, the story is good (fantastic pacing), the world is beautiful, and the dialogue is well written. Characters, both friend and foe, grew on me as I played through the story. I don't think I could pick out even one supporting character who was poorly written, let alone a member of the main cast. Tone reminded me a little of the MARDEK games, though somewhat darker - serious when it has to be, with great bits of light-heartedness throughout that aided characterization.If I had one complaint about the game, it would be that the overworld maps doesn't always do a great job identifying where screen transitions are. Paths run to the edge of a screen, but you move there and find that it's just a dead end. This was only a minor frustration for me, though, and doesn't come anywhere near stopping me from recommending this game. Worth it even at full price."
76561198337122293,Recommended,440540,30916613,Posted: 2 April,all,frkT33n,"There is really a lot good about this title, a perfect set back into the classic times of JRPG goodness while adding more than a few innovative elements that never feel forced and that I personally appreciated greatly. The story is very well built, and the attention to detail in crafting these worlds make it very easy to buy into the lore and immerse yourself in the way true JRPGs (and games, for that matter) should.Also really enjoying the battle system, the animations feel right on point, as well as the ability system, the main setup a-la Chrono Trigger feels very well done, as well as the mechanics and customizations on your own party.Classic JRPG fans will feel right at home with Ara Fell, a throwback to those timeless classics but plenty of modern fun to make you invest in a magic world and make those hours you spend on it not nearly enough, make you smile about discovering a new immersive world, a set of memorable characters and a solid combat system, this is one experience I can only hope I get more of from Stegosoft Games"
76561198101763675,Recommended,440540,31011221,Posted: 7 April,all,jeffreydbeeson,"I was very pleased with this game overall. I enjoyed the story telling and the ability to explore areas that you obviously weren't supposed to until later in the game. I wish it had a little bit more of that ""free to explore"" feeling but considering what was being worked with, what I found was enough for me. Many things about this game reminded me of one of my favorites, Golden Sun. I loved having optional quests and the ability to reset stats. I didn't feel like I was being sandwiched into making a decision that I would regret later. The reminders to save and the warnings of plot progression were a nice touch so that I could make sure I was ready.If you're looking for a game that has a classic JRPG feel and has a more than fair price point (imo) for the gameplay, this is worth picking up. I would definitely love to see a sequel to it and would be in line ready to pay up."
,Recommended,440540,34383742,Posted: 20 August,all,Falts,"Was looking through random games and this one popped up. Looked at reviews and decided I would go ahead and throw $10 at it. Boy was I happy.This game was everything I wanted, but not long enough! I made sure to do as much exploring as possible, alongside doing every side quest I could find (going through towns in each chapter over and over again just to find more). This game is not very long, which is very very sad, but it was worth more than the $10 it is.The writing was on point, the romatic crap dialed down to a fair level, combat was good (easy once you get a rotation down), and the story was perfect.I'm going to say worth the buy and beyond for the story."
,Recommended,440540,26066175,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Alex,"The game is overall mild, nice and addictive. Gives you a good day worth of playing, so I'll recommend it.Pros:Yer olde DOS/console 3/4 projection 2D JRPG-style dungeon crawler.Excellent diversity of GFX, overworld really looks vivid.Interesting world, with number of small things to discover.Likable characters and fine dialogues.Well-written linear plot.Playable with just one hand at keyboard.Easy enough even for beginners.Cons:Shallow ending.Scaling. Bilinear really sucks and is an eyesore, and AdvMAME/HQ/SAI are not there.Boring and easy last dungeon battles, mostly due to small number of monster types overall.Some things like last dungeon trashmobs look out of style.Too small a map."
76561198029793456,Recommended,440540,26581597,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Darkcloud92,"Really enjoyed this game!Pros-Cool combat system and different items/skill combanations you can do-As you level up you get to choose what stats to increase on the characters so you really get to customize. You can also reset your characters stats and re-level them to try out different builds-Artwork was great and the story was pretty good-Aside from the early game, you never really have to grind. In fact I found myself avoiding encounters for the most part just because it was going to make me over-leveld-Encounters are visible on the map so you can avoid them-Cool auto healing system outside of combat-Lots of character dialogue and interactionCons-The main story is a bit short. There's some side quests you can do, but I avoided doing some of them simply because it would have made my party too strong. The game is already not very difficult-A little too easy. After the intial few levels/boss fights the game became incredibly easy. I had a very specific strategy that I used throughout the game that just obliterated every boss fight and made it not very challenging-A few too many random encounters on the map. You can avoid them, but it was annoying having to dodge so many encounters, I probably spent most of my game time doing that. As I said before, I did this because the game has you progress levels fairly quickly so there's never a need to grind.-This may be a pro for some, but I found the sarcasm and witty remarks made by the characters to be cheesy at times and unneeded in the game"
,Recommended,440540,28103229,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,z-impi,"Its fun its great... but the graphics stotters but the sound plays smooth. Even with Directx. tried every graphics setting available.  ( have 8 cores 16 gb ram and Nvidia GTX-780. Latest driver. Oh yeah Windoze10.I hope they will fix it. Reading the latest news they already fixed a lot.Didnt had time to check it on Linux.You should try it anyway. Its worth every cent.Reminds me at SNES Chrono Trigger+ epic music+ in deph characters+ nice ""gui""+ easy to learn not overly complex####################################################Hint:Some AntiVirus protection will block the game launcher and some DLL*s.If its not starting check your security programs.####################################################"
76561198117050451,Recommended,440540,28528679,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,DW,This RPG may be old school but its story telling and characters are good.
76561198008966025,Recommended,440540,29433745,Posted: 22 January,all,bluemage27034,"Pretty solid little RPG. The battle system has a little variance from the traditoinal JRPG. Your health recovers out of combat and you regain MP each turn, so you end up really using all your skills. Also, you assign skill points with each level, so you can trick out your team. Music was good. Visuals were very nice. Story was pretty good, if a little predictable (though I didn't see the ending coming). Some of the UI is wonky (questlog, crafting, and the world map are all special items in your inventory), but perfectly functional. Um, combat occurs when you touch an enemy on the map, which is never my favorite, but it worked well for this. There's quite a few side quests to find and they give really rewarding bonuses, which I thought was cool.I guess my only gripe is that there's a plethora of enemies of each map (which I usually went systematically through), so it can feel a little grindy. I guess, though, this strategy was a choice on my part and, since encounters are contact based, a sneakier player could have avoided it.Anywho, really enjoyed it overall. Overall look and feel is good. If you like SNES RPGs, you'll probably enjoy this homage to them."
76561198087210166,Recommended,440540,31450319,Posted: 29 April,all,BurningIvy,"Hard to find RPG's that are this addictive anymore. The story and character behavior really sell this title. I actually would prefer it didn't have a ""story mode"" (allows you to cheat basically) since it becomes tempting to just cheat through the game but then you lose your drive to build up your characters which is a big part of how it is fun. The environments and puzzles are fun and the dialog and story are original and never boring. Also the music is excellent and worlds are beautiful and detailed and interesting to explore. I actually got this game after watching someone else playing it and it looked fun."
,Recommended,440540,31548364,Posted: 4 May,all,Yournight.,"This was my first experience in playing a similar genre game and, surprisingly, Ara Fell attracted me very muchThe combat system is not ideal, but for those who just want to enjoy the story there are Story ModeIn the course of the game several bugs were found. But thanks to the developer, he reacts instantly to error messagesTo summarize: Ara Fell is a good game for those who want to plunge into the warm fantasy world"
,Recommended,440540,28428411,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,暁海 優梨子,"I first played this game 11 years ago to the day, and back then, it was disheartening to see the game seemed to have been abandoned. I am thrilled that today the game is now released, streamlined and refined. It uses RM2K3 (which some idiot thinks is cheapskate - but that does not take from the charm of the game, in fact it reminds me of Secret of Mana, that's exactly the style it needs to go for). Back in the days, me and many others used this game to learn about such things as game design, creative writing etc. and here's to hope this cute little game, now one of many on a saturated indie market, inspires a new generation of devs as it inspired the last.The characters are refined, relatable, interesting. Exposition is a little heavy-handed, with a couple of bad writing points (the archery contest is particularly cringy, as the rules seem to change as the scene goes) but it's much better than the 2007 version. The story, while I am afraid probably short or at least not much beyond the original game, is engaging. It's more of a visual novel, though it has good RPG elements to match. Obviously, the graphics is where the game shines. As far as 16bit goes this is beautiful. This game features an almost open world, too - no world map here, you literally walk from one area to the next. This amazed me as a kid, and this is still appreciated today. Now, of course the story is nothing ground breaking, but it's likable and fun, which is more than I can ask of many AAA games today.Game design isn't too bad either, RM2K3 is far superior in this respect than RMXP/VX even with custom scripts. While there has been some effort in streamlining progression since 2005, it often feels a little hapless. Case in point : The first boss -literally- requires you to grind to reach it, though.  The first boss has an attack that can prevent you from using abilities (Thunder does that), and has a pattern you need to understand but too often you can't actually beat the pattern unless you've grinded quite a bit beyond what it says are the level requirements.Other minor cons would involve all of the quests etc. dumped into the inventory. I understand how RM2K3 limits things, but it would be wiser to make a single journal item that keeps track of the crafting recipes, quests etc. Other RM2K3 games, such as the excellent free to play Everlong, do it.All in all, doesn't push RM2K3 too far, but it expands on it as far as it needs to.  Beyond my nostalgia for a game that made an impact on my childhood and my excitement to see it finally be completed and put on Steam, I'm confident to say it's well worth the price tag. Enjoyable, likable, and solidly fun if you like J-RPGs. :)"
76561198167643342,Recommended,440540,31477293,Posted: 30 April,all,fantasyfinal.8.9,"Great OST, great plot and characters. The dungeon tricks are a joy to play with. Only improvement I would suggest is the minion fight system. Also not too difficult especially if you did all the side quests and basically levelled up through them haha."
,Recommended,440540,34593235,Posted: 29 August,all,Mythlady11,"A very cute game with a neat storyline.  I find it very engaging!  The only trouble I have is that sometimes the battle system glitches when you have a party of four or more and the enemies are casting magic on your team--they move far more quickly than you can react.  Fights can be a little repetitive at times, but that is every RPG.  My only other comment is that sometimes the weather effects can make you a bit nauseous.  It would be nice to have an option to turn them off after a while.  Overall I really like this game and enjoy it."
,Recommended,440540,32895211,Posted: 27 June,all,Nephthys,"Freaking loved this game. Grinding made it a bit easy towards the end. Especially i got stuck, and rotation doesnt really change at the end. Still LOVED the game and it's level up system."
76561197968377774,Recommended,440540,24093020,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,clancys,"Edit:  Just wanted to update this review now that I've completed the game.  It was thoroughly enjoyable from start to finish, and I highly recommend it.  The story picks up in the later chapters, and the combination of sprite animation and music make for some moving scenes.What follows is my original review.I am really enjoying this game.  It's reminiscent of SNES JRPGs like Final Fantasy VI with its art style and side view battle system.  But instead of having an over-world map to link individual towns, it's all there as a series of screens tied together in the same manner as Secret of Mana or Zelda:  A Link to the Past.  This adds an openness to the game, and it gives a sense of adventure as you are able to explore so much of the world right off the bat.I'm only in the second chapter of the game, but from what I've played so far, the story seems about what you'd expect for a JRPG in the sense that the world is ending (more or less) and you're the only one that can stop it.  The characters don't seem too distinctive so far with the exception of the protagonist, and the dialogue seems to be used more as a means of moving the story forward rather than giving unique voices to the characters.However, there is a charm to this game from the stirring music to the ubiquitous animations that make everything so vibrant.  Just the opening scene where there is the animation of the main character leaping out of bed alerts the gamer to the level of detail that's been put into creating an enjoyable gaming experience.And these details extend into smart game design decisions.  For example, you have the ability to save the game whenever you'd like, and if you are approaching a point of no return or a strong enemy, the game will prompt you with the option to save so that you don't accidentally lose all your progress by wandering into an area that you're not strong enough to handle.  And in some cases, if there is a cut scene before a battle, you can choose to skip it, which is helpful if you die and need to try fighting the enemy a second time.  Additionally, there don't appear to be random battles, there is a means of “fast travel” for when you want to get from one town to another in a hurry, and the boss battles seem challenging without being frustrating.In short, I highly recommend this game.  Rather than reinventing the mold of the 16 bit JRPG, it refines it and feels really polished.  If you like Golden Sun, Final Fantasy VI, Chrono Trigger, or Zelda:  A Link to the Past, then I think there is a good chance you'll like this game too."
,Recommended,440540,23391248,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Hadriex,"I love the music and there's a wonderful level of detail put into the maps.This is a story-heavy game, while I like the mana regeneration that encourages players to use skills liberally during random enounters the focus of this game is on the characters. Even the NPCs tend to have personality to them."
,Recommended,440540,24053723,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,K.,"Blown away.RPG Maker Games are usually a game creator looking to tell their vivid story, but limited by the assets within RPG Maker. Ara Fell is an excellent example of an RPG Maker Game with vivid storytelling and stunning visuals and gameplay. Ara Fell has blown me away at its quality and polish even being an RPG Maker Game. It is among the few and the proud of RPG Maker Titles that genuinely feel like something Square Enix could've pumped out onto the SNES twenty years ago. I would recommend this game to anyone because of its depth and careful creation that can be felt with each minute you play it.TL:DR Ara Fell is a top notch JRPG that you must play"
76561198052378971,Recommended,440540,23524275,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,BoboYaggatheTiny,"Ara Fell is a really good game. I enjoyed it emensely. It had everything that I look for in a SNES style game. Secret goodies, and puzzles, the ability to do some stuff out of order if you grind like crazy (completely optional) a really good story and a fun combat system.On a slightly spoiler femenist note I also really admire that it flips the hero trope a little bit, the girls are actually the better fighters than the men as well as a woman who Pre Katniss has to tell the guy who likes her, ""hey let's deal with emotions after we do all of the saving of the world, mmkay?""Would strongly reccomend."
,Recommended,440540,23461499,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Sailor12052,"I Highly recommend this game to anyone who likes RPG's, because this is the best RPG I have played in years & I Thank the Delopers for doing such a great job. I can't wait for their next game to come out so I can buy that too. When I play A game I get right into the Storyline (Just Like a good Book) & become part of the story; well this game is so good that I hard time to stop playing at bedtime until I finished tonight."
76561198047898602,Recommended,440540,23446759,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,DarkCaelestis,"The game has beautiful artwork, is well written, open-world and has a lot of love and care put into it. The music is serene and relaxing. The devs are also quick to fix problems and bugs."
76561198125405309,Recommended,440540,23460256,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,SomeGamerFuccboi,And now my updated review... The game is great. Graphics and setting are beautiful. The first boss is hard... But I got past it. I Am now learning what the status elements do so I am getting better at the game. I Recommend this for any RPG lovers.
76561198129246813,Recommended,440540,23642829,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,DinoShotgun,"All I got to say is that this is one of if not then the best JRPG I have played in a long time. Everything about is amazing, from the characters to the comedy to the battle system to the open world to the level system to the exploration everything about it is just awesome. If i could meet the team that made this one day i would shake each of their hands (and if they would let me, i would hug them) for bringing this amazing game into this world. Now their probolly some bad things about this game but to be frank i don't see any problems (at least any big ones). This by far the best 10$ I have ever spent in my life. And as a message to the developer/team that made this game, Keep up the good work I just know that the next game you make will be amazing."
,Recommended,440540,23595366,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,JaegerPony,"Great little old school JRPG with a compelling story and characters. If you're looking for that sort of old school style, but have played most of the old classics, give this one a whirl."
,Recommended,440540,26046347,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,AdmiralPPR,"Suprisingly good game - didn't expect too much from a RPG maker game, but every detail really shines in this one. The comedy is on point, the story is intriguing and the whole system (e.g. fights, skills, progression) feels really polished.I would love to see a sequel to that - I've come to like the characters quite much ^^So buy this game - it's worth it! (And you can tell your friends, that you knew it before it was cool)"
76561198301497432,Recommended,440540,35239769,Posted: 27 September,all,ScarletVice,This game has a great story and cute graphics.
,Recommended,440540,34699734,Posted: 2 September,all,falloutfusion,"I really like the old school graphics and Lita is a fun character to read.If any of the developers is reading this, I think it would be helpful to add a ""restart"" option to the battle. I feel like a lot of what I do is exit the game just so I can load when I know a battle has been lost but is going to take a while to end."
76561198288435680,Recommended,440540,28950528,Posted: 2 January,all,bluice02,"I love this game! I played for hours straight when I started Ara Fell, and no wonder, as it is briliant. It's well thought-out, and I'm looking forward to more hours of gameplay. It's challenging without being too difficult, a plus if you're looking to get immersed in the story more than you are wanting to rack up your kill count. It also keeps changing things up, making sure you don't get bored. This is important in these kinds of RPGs where you have to keep walking all the time. Speaking of walking, there are portal crystals, a great idea to cut down on the time you spend punching the keyboard. One issue, though--seems to crash at startup on Mac Sierra, so I had to play this on Crossover/Wine instead."
,Recommended,440540,29015299,Posted: 4 January,all,Uniflame,"I enjoyed playing Ara Fell. Things can always be a bit hit or miss with RPG maker games, but this one is good. It has an interesting story and great characters. I loved the exploration oppertunities in this game. Because you can crawl, swim and fly, you have a lot of ways to explore areas. The music was very fitting and a bit soothing. The only downside of this game is that they placed a lot in the item section of the menu, like viewing the map, crafting and quests. It looks a bit choatic that way. But that is only a minor flaw. I would recommend to buy this game if you are into old school RPGs."
76561198012270765,Recommended,440540,30525361,Posted: 15 March,all,Jan,"- exciting and loveable story- large world with a lot of unique characters and funny things to discoverIf you like Secret Of Mana, you'll like this game too!"
,Recommended,440540,30971395,Posted: 5 April,all,Anchor,"To put it brieflyStory 8.5/10Music 8/10Gameplay 6/10 (not that it's bad but it's really nothing worth mentioning, if you consider that there is very little grind to do if you play in normal mode it can become a 7)Characters 9/10 Loved them. Don't know, not many games have managed to make me feel so attached to the protagonists.Really good music almost all of the time with rare exceptions where for example an upbeat music is used in a bad moment, but it's only once iirc.The story is also really enjoyable, but dont expect choices, you follow the story of the protagonist, you don't make it.I liked the plot and the little romance here and there, and absolutely loved the ending.About the gameplay, well you have a choice to play in Story-mode, aka you oneshot everything, or the normal-mode. Nothing to say really, basic rpg mechanics.The scenario is kinda messy. Mazy? Like you can take a passage that seems to be leading to secret stuff but it actually leads to nothing. Not always but maybe I'm just not used to it. Let's call it a different style.Recommended to whoever wants a really good story and music and doesnt care about the graphics (ofc).Ps. Well i have to say i bought it at half the price and i was completely satisfied with it. At full price? Probably would've bought it anyway buut if you wanna be sure wait for offers. Or go for it heck it's a really good game"
,Recommended,440540,33371832,Posted: 8 July,all,SilverWing_,"Great little hidden gem for RPG fans who love indulging in the story.There are so many good things about this game which was amazing that it was made in RPG maker 2003 (I never knew the program had this much potential with sprites and such..)What I didnt like is there was no way to run from a fight... but atleast we have the Auto fight function :).All in all, totally recommended."
,Recommended,440540,33707994,Posted: 21 July,all,Yatsu,"I play a lot of RPG Maker games and this is a pretty decent game.The writting in this game is what made me stay for the majority. It was witty and they managed to make the audience feel like they were real and had real connections.Pros:Fun and great writtingInteresting PlotFast movement speedsLeveling up isn't a bore or really neededCons:Could be a bit more difficult. I think I died once and it was because I autoed.The ending could have been better. So many more questions then answers.Some ""surprises"" were really obvious from the beginningOVERALL I really loved this game, a little too easy once you get into a routine with fighting and every boss seemed really easy compared to other enemies, but super fun and different. Totally recommend playing!! Aveyond is still my favourite lol8/10"
76561198193294486,Recommended,440540,26498262,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Jupitersarrow,A beautiful rpg with a focus on both story and exploration that doesn't overstay its welcome. The interactions between the characters are enjoyable and at times amusing. Highly recommended.
76561198043120319,Recommended,440540,34473368,Posted: 24 August,all,megamagicmonkey,"Good game! Fun mechanics, fairly well balanced, good music, great environments, fun quest, a good story that wasn't super cliche (nice!), and all around a solid game. To be honest Persona 5 took a back seat to my beating this thing. Scratched a good itch.Got it on sale for 5 bucks. Worth every dollar. While not mechanically similar, if you like the Secret of Mana games, this has a similar feel to it.4.5/5, highly recommend."
76561198007496316,Recommended,440540,35003116,Posted: 16 September,all,mp21,"Just finished the game, I took my time with it. I enjoyed the story, hope the make a Ara Fell 2. They now have a whole world to explore."
,Recommended,440540,28675497,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,爱歌,I have three advice.1. Stop reading the comments and start playing.2. Be prepared for puzzles3. Pray tell there will be a sequel.
,Recommended,440540,31596295,Posted: 6 May,all,Captain1nsaneo,"Pro:""What do people on the ground think about this floating island and the dead bodies that rain from it?""Con:Lacks significant options menu. E.g. Audio."
76561198000698735,Recommended,440540,34727345,Posted: 3 September,all,Last Knight Down,"This game is a straight up masterpiece. This is one of those games that takes you to the classic era of early SNES and adds in quirky characters, an interesting plot and drop-dead gorgeous environments. (The idea that this game was created with RPG Maker 2003 is mind-bending to me. This game has quality far beyond what that engine was ever forseen or even supposed to allow.) This game is uncompromising on the feel and pacing of early RPG's and can be very challenging if you choose not to over-level. The soundtrack is even really good and unusually well thought out. If you enjoy RPG's and SNES games, you should definitely check out Ara Fell. There is a lot here to love and enjoy.Update: Loved the ending, it's great. No cop-outs or back-downs. I don't care what anybody says, I loved it."
,Recommended,440540,31264328,Posted: 20 April,all,Mullidae,"I am going to try to write this review without the use of any expletives... Alright, let's do this.What a game Ara Fell is, what a ♥♥♥♥ing game. (Sorry)This game had been on my wishlist for a very long time and I'd never felt like buying it, until three days ago that is. I wanted to play a new game, it was on sale, why not give a try I said to myself.Boy oh boy that was one of the best decisions I've ever made in my goddamned piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥of a life !I haven't felt this good playing a game in a very long time.There is a sense of adventure to this game that I haven't found in a lot of games, you truly feel like you're a part of the world, like you're trying to save it, and I think that mainly thanks to the fantastic music. I wish there was an OST that I could buy. (I know the files are in the game folder but when the music's this good, it makes me want to spend money on it.)The story, while it's not crazy original by any means, is one of the best I've ever been a part of. It's got everything you want in it: Elves, Vampires (both with their own little twist on it), sidequests, relatable and funny charaters (Lita, oh Lita, am I going to miss you)...And it's goddamn pretty !I don't really know what else to say, what I've just written doesn't even begin to transcribe how I feel about this game. It's one of my favourite games. EVER.If like me you're a fan of RPGs and don't what game to buy, treat yourself to this fantastic game. Don't hesitate, buy it, trust me. I SAID BUY IT GODDAMMIT !"
,Recommended,440540,34904351,Posted: 12 September,all,Mountain Months,"Very well made JRPG style game. It has everything; good story, great music, interesting characters, fun battles, and beautiful 2D art. If you love games like Chrono Trigger, FF6, and Secret of Mana then defenitely don't miss Ara Fell."
76561198011516539,Recommended,440540,31309953,Posted: 22 April,all,Phantasma,"Not bad, feels like a good old SNES RPG, good times:- About 10-15 hours worth of gameplay- Decent story, but feels rushed at the end- Limited amounts of skills- Gameplay is like most RPGmaker games, like a SNES Final Fantasy clone.- Limited crafting system, not much items to craft- Limited item system in general- Good artwork- Music is niceI would still recommend because I like those old SNES RPGs. To sum things up, don't expect something like Chrono Trigger, but do expect that nostaligic 90s SNES RPG feeling :)7.5/10 - Better than a lot of RPGmaker games I've seen."
,Recommended,440540,31397258,Posted: 27 April,all,Buttscratcher98,"Well, this is my first review after finishing Ara Fell. Prepare for a wall of text...I got pretty hooked to this game, it's pretty good. Story is a bit cliche, but the beautiful graphics and combat made up for it. It's like an indie game version of Final Fantasy 6, except that it's not as grand or as character driven (but that's just me setting high standards; FF6 was full of pretty deep character development after all). Most of the music here are so-so, but some soundtracks are pretty unique and catchy.The story is a ""Chosen One"" sort of story, which has been done to death. I came to this game having high expectations (people were praising it and I thought I was gonna have the same experience as FF6), and was pretty disappointed. To me, I hold the character development of an RPG to a really high regard; but for Ara Fell, please don't have high expectations like I did lol.SPOILERS FOR STORY BELOWI didn't care much for Lita (probably because of my biasness; I'm not a fan of kids being chosen ones; but considering the dev started this 14 to 15 years ago where this kind of archetype was probably popular I'll let it slide). But she was way less annoying than a lot of kid protagonists, and she was pretty reasonable at times (as well as her emotions) so I'll give her that. (I do like how her relationship with her dad went though)I was interested in Adrian and how he deals with his general relationships with other people besides Lita, but the game didn't really expand upon his past or his own development or anything--just his feelings for Lita. And even when they got to that, it's kinda...anticlimatic.His design can be a bit jarring at times; he's a pretty face with tank stats and I get that the dev might wanna make it a contradictory character design thing but it doesn't work that well. I am a big fan of his skills though.I do like Doren and Seri more though. I admit that when I finished the game I was sad that the game didn't expand much on their arcs or development either(especially Seri; where did her snarky, cynical personality come from and what happened between the two of them exactly?), but whatever interactions they have with each other and other people, I really liked it. I wanted more of that. Doren as a playable character is especially refreshing; unlike Adrian, his design actually works quite well with him, and his clear role as a healer complements well with his personality.I wanted more Talani, too. Even though I pretty much predicted she's an elf and her involvement in the end was kinda contrived, I loved her personality and she really grew on me.The plot itself...well, I was expecting an epic plot twist or something, but I got a pretty solid linear story with a few good (though predictable) twists. Despite some cliche moments, overall it's still pretty neat, so I'll take it.However, there is a trump card that made me really invested; Nash's final battle. Though the dialog's attempts to make Nash's scene emotional didn't really faze me a lot, his sprites during battle were the one that actually made me feel a lot more than the usual cutscenes or character deaths. Me as a player, I'm beating him up as usual with the 4 party members, when his sprite changes. And as my party members beat him up even more, his sprite gets more and more devastated and more gory, and it made me feel so bad, and made me remember his intentions and his tragedies of losing his brethren. But I had to beat him, and it really tugged on my heartstrings. So kudos to the developer for using a normal RPG battle to invoke such a powerful scene to players to really feel for this character as he battles to his end.The ending was really anticlimatic...I get that the dev is making an epilogue, and that the story is fully complete and perfect and came full circle, but...it was seriously anticlimatic. Please add one ASAP or I will never rest in peace dev!! :0Even though story and character development wise it's not among my top 5 favorites, the combat system takes many flaws that old school RPGs had and threw them out of the window. (I mean, I wouldn't know much since it's been a long while since I played an old school RPG besides FF6) For one thing, the strategy is pretty straightforward and not overly complicated, the Auto feature is added which is really useful at times for people who just don't feel like doing combat, and a Story mode is added, which is really good for casual players who have no time to go through the combat to enjoy the story (we're all busy folks in the 21st century lol. I didn't go through Story mode though). The enemies, compared to FF6 where enemies can randomly appear, can be seen and easily avoided; and even if you touched them you can still easily escape, which is amazing considering the fact that past RPGs can be painful due to the complexity of whether you can escape or not, lol.I also do like how Adrian always gets a turn first so that players can either flee or cast Reflection(though it can be boring for players who want a challenge).Non combat wise, I really like how the game always nicely reminds you to save before a big scene. To me, it helps a lot; a great improvement from the usual old school RPG games where it was frustrating to go into a big scene while forgetting to save. It's also really nice that you can save anytime, too.Side quests are varied, plenty and really bring out the world of Ara Fell, so I'm happy with them too.As for flaws, the waiting time for combat can be pretty long at times.I was kinda disappointed that there wasn't much strategy in terms of elements, about how ice sprites are incredibly damaged by fire and all that; sometimes basic, cliche strategies can work very well too. But that's just a small complaint of mine.Map wise, it's ok. Though the almost hidden stone sprites at the final battle made me get stuck at times, and though some paths that I thought could be explored lead to nowhere, all in all it's really good. I love the weather change, the little details they have, the animals, the exploration and getting to treasure chests and all that. The sprite work is detailed and beautiful; I can tell a lot, a LOT of effort has been put into that.All in all, it's a pretty solid game that got me really hooked and moderately invested (again, high expectations).Final Verdict:Story: 7/10Characters: 5/10Gameplay: 8/10Graphics: 11/10"
,Recommended,440540,35278550,Posted: 28 September,all,-Billabong-Tzu-,"One of the absolute best JRPG titles I have played in a long time.  The story is engaging and the characters are colorful and witty.  Personally, I was very impressed with the balance of challenge without feeling like I had to grind for hours to advance the story.  There are also plenty of secrets and side quests to explore without them overshadowing the plot.  *BONUS*  The soundtrack is fantastic!"
76561198086735688,Recommended,440540,33887919,Posted: 29 July,all,dry.joh,"This is a very fun, light-hearted RPG with beautiful music and a whimsical storyline. This is a good game for players who are just getting into turn-based strategy RPGs, as the controls are simple and the leveling system is pretty basic. It even has a Story Mode, which gives you the option to bypass battle scenes if you get frustrated, or just need a quick way to grind your characters. The story is engrossing, and the interaction between the characters is very charming. I really recommend giving this one a try!"
76561198038693481,Recommended,440540,30362327,Posted: 6 March,all,Face Johnson,"It has been a long, long time since I've had the pleasure to play a 16-bit rpg, and if I am completely honest, I didn't expect Ara Fell to amount to much aside from a couple hours reminicing older titles.I love how wrong I was.The deadpan humor & snark in this game is great, and though the plot was just a little plain, the dialogue and characters more than made up for it.Thanks, Stegosoft Games. I really enjoyed this."
,Recommended,440540,29021109,Posted: 4 January,all,ZDreamer,"This is surprisingly good game.Pros:Well done characters. This is rare, even for RPGs.Very nice atmosphere. Looks good, especially for RPGMaker game. Also soundtrack is very nice.Interesting to level up and manage equipment.Cons:Sometimes a game is a little Grundy. Just a little."
,Recommended,440540,31831277,Posted: 18 May,all,Gileon,"Relatively short, but definitely a gem. For lovers of old school Final Fantasy packed into a bite-sized but interesting story with some playful and amusing writing. S tier RPG Maker game."
76561198145011709,Recommended,440540,26354290,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,PshtChillout,"AttentionBefore I review this game I'd like to say, that I didn't play this very far yet. I found it back when it was free onhttps://rpgmaker.net. Back then I didn't get to finish the game but its enough to make an honest review.StoryLike there aren't enough reviews or the summary up in the description.I'll make this short,I like about this game what it does excactly right what I hate about all the other games.Even my favorite games have something that pisses me off so much, but this game simply doesn't. It doesn't reinvent the wheel, it plays a bit like Final Fantasy with a touch of its own. But its working concept so who cares?It doesn't force you to grind the life out of your characters. And the CHARACTERS! Oh I love them! They're human. They're not 100% storydriven robots. They're moody teenagers (I'm talking about you Lita~) and the first vampire (Boss?) the one who mattered, he's funny. I'm glad he didn't die the first time I killed him. I expect alot of fun coming from him.(I love how the faces next to the dialogue change depending on the situation. Beautifully drawn.)The atmosphere is just right. You don't live/play in a preprogrammed world, full of NPC's that tell you pointless things or help you finish your goal. You wak among actual people being nice, mean, stupid or whatever. Stupid. Definitely Stupid. Who'd build their house on a floating Island, with giant holes in their bedroom?! You can see the earth beneath your feet and theres not even a safety net or something. I certainly don't have the guts to sleep like that.Well there was something that I did hate about this game though. Aside from the little things that had to be improved in the earlier version, there was one melody that drove me crazy. It sounded like a cheap ripoff off Coolio's Gangsters Paradise made into a loop. It was funny at first but it isn't after 30 minutes. I hope all who read this burn with me from now on =_=If I had to rate the game, which I will do, I'd still say its among the top 15 RPG's I've played or seen in my life.Unfortunately I didn't get to finish it last time but I'm sure it could become my favorite RPG.This game is for picky people. Its pure gold. You just have to love it. Grab it. Especially if its on sale.Personal Opinion after about 10 hours of gaming (I'm a slow player so it didn't get me very far)4 out of 5. Its hard to get even 3 out of MY 5. Congrats.And its the only reason I'm willing to pay for this game. Because I already know that its worth my money and I want to support it."
,Recommended,440540,30663623,Posted: 21 March,all,Grenfar (Horsebreeder),"Good writing, nice artstyle, entertaining combat, and a amazing cast of characters.A must-buy for JRPG fans, imo."
,Recommended,440540,30893200,Posted: 1 April,all,armadaos,"A solid RPG that does show it's RPGMaker roots. We get a short story over a few days of game time (over a day or two our time) that really keeps itself, shows a bit of charecter development, while really just letting us follow on this story our heroine is thrust into.Advice:- Play with storymode feature (it doesn't hurt you, but REALLY let's you (on a battle by battle basis) take down on the pointless game padding most RPGs have, the grind mill)Cons:- Some minor bugs (not game breaking)- Controler support, not really there. You can play on an xbox / steam controler like me, but you'll end up having to press the shift key very occasionalyNot A Con but FYI:- Don't expect a huge AAA endless experience, it's a 2 day game.Pros:- A good two day experience that really hits the right buttons for its stay- Keeps the experience coming and feeling non-padded with a glorious the storymode feature (love that thing)"
,Recommended,440540,31424132,Posted: 28 April,all,Linquita,I love this game.
76561198021451849,Recommended,440540,30270301,Posted: 1 March,all,Arcmagik,"The Quest for the lost JRPG of old is what lead me to Game Development through RPG Maker. I am nothing but an amateur to the likes of Badluck and the people that helped with Ara Fell. This game has blown me away with how engaging it is. I don't have much time to even play video games, but I have clocked almost 7 hours into this game. That is quite a lot for me... Every game that I have brought recently I have less than 45 minutes (except for one PS4 game). I am not sure how far I am into the game, but I want to continue to go back to it every time I think of sitting down to play something. There are just to many games coming at me all the time... the ADHD doesn't help but once I am in front of Ara Fell I don't put it down until I am ready to leave or sleep.The storyline is top notch with simple dialogue that really makes you feel for the characters. There is enough additions to catch a glimpse of the intrigue that is happening in Ara Fell... and every time I see an elf on the screen I feel like they are hiding something from me!Now let me tell you something... the fact that this game was made in RM2k... blows me away. I feel like we lost some art in the newer RPGMakers that was there in the olden days. Everything I look at this game from the standpoint of a game development my impression of the game grows exponentially. The usage of the sprites to the beautiful mapping and the combat system... all of it shows a skill in the RM Engine that is getting rarer by the year. I tip my hat to Badluck and hope to see what they have in development for the future!"
,Recommended,440540,31269608,Posted: 20 April,all,Emskie-Wings,"It is an awesome game! According to Steam it took me 21 hours to finish, partially because it was so addicting so I played every day. The ending is really unexpected and makes me hope there will be an Ara Fell 2.The land of Ara Fell looks really cool and the monsters are quite surprising. What I particularly liked about the characters is that they are not afraid to mention the cliches. A guy in a hood with red eyes? That cannot possible be bad. Doren went out with half the girls in the game. Lita has terrible luck and is very much aware of it. I just like how it is addressed.The only thing I did not appreciate after playing 4 days straight was that there was no way to turn the sound off; the music was contantly playing on a loop and it was a little maddening at the end. Other great game!"
76561198037073775,Recommended,440540,31350439,Posted: 24 April,all,Lawtonfogle,This game doesn't feel like an RPG Maker game.  It feels like a good 16-bit JRPG.
76561197968685726,Recommended,440540,31389815,Posted: 27 April,all,Evelan,"I really enjoyed this game.  It had a pretty good story and characters, good music and it carried a good spirit with it."
76561198154127298,Recommended,440540,33779826,Posted: 24 July,all,krimson_killer,"I don;t know how these work persay, but I wish to say ahead of time, please let this rate Very Positive.The land of Ara Fell is a special place, groups of Islands floating in the sky for untold ages, families living in caves made into homes, nature and magic living in peace side by side. Of course such a lovely utopia can't go unspoiled forever and even though this is a review, I'm not spoiling the story, as this is the reason you are buying this game.The Story is amazing, and for those who wish to experience it, the developer has included a ""story mode"" attack. It will, in essence, end any battles you encounter, and I would highly recommedn you choose to have it, not because the game is hard persay, in fact I find it pretty well balanced in terms of enemy strength vs player strength, but because there are times you want to get to the next story bit and it will make things much easier. The characters, not just the main cast but any npc who gets more then 2 boxes of dialogue feel very fleshed out and you'll fnd yourself agreeing with them many times. A lot of User Friendly features have been put in to help you get aquainted to the game world and how the game itelf works, and while some of them may feel a little hand holdy (The game will flat out warn you that your hitting a Point of No Return and offer to save, then offer to let you back out of continuing, but to its credit, it also lets you skip long cutscenes should you have died to a boss and are going back)It's not perfect, as there are a few clear polish issues that I discovered, like difficulty in figuring out what was a decoration on the ground and what would actually heed my progress moving forward, towards the end of the game my character seemed to acquire the ability to jump when going horizontally (though there was a ""reset jumping"" option that may have fixed that that I never tried) and a large one in that I completed a side quest involving a old necklace and while the game informed me I'd gotten a new item, I had to stop playing shortly after and when I came back, I still had the old necklace and the quest giver was gone (i.e. quest completed)Regardless of the few bugs mentioned above, if you are or ever were a fan of JRPG's that didn't rely on shoving a world big enough to qualify as a GTA game, wish for a showing of how Narrative can be a bigger draw then combat, or just want to relive the days of old, Ara Fell will certainly scratch that itch."
76561198012658238,Recommended,440540,34764872,Posted: 5 September,all,Sorin,"I loved it <3 the game was fun, albeit short, it had interesting characters, the story was good, and the dev actually responds to twitter dms really fast for questions, im pretty bad at saying what i like about things, but i liked this game a lot."
,Recommended,440540,34917264,Posted: 13 September,all,CappuCirn⑨2,"It is a good game with good storyline, environment, battle machanism and the one i like the most +>> the MUSIC!Quite enjoying when I was playing this game. It is worth to buy this game as it really bring a good moment to me."
,Recommended,440540,35079456,Posted: 20 September,all,KristoFIRE,An epic game with lots of things to do.Great musicGreat storyAnd a really fun gameplay!Go pick it up!And thanks for a great game devs!
76561198296616160,Recommended,440540,35158709,Posted: 23 September,all,braun of argo,"Loved this game. Old school combat system that worked. Story was great, fun, and had the good guys win in a way. Want more!"
76561198003518278,Recommended,440540,35172147,Posted: 23 September,all,Rabbit-Box,"Art is charming, reminds me of old 16 bit era SNES RPGs. Story is slow getting started, but the starting area feels like a living town that has lots to explore. Combat consists of an active timer battle system.  The controls need a way to configure a dead zone for controllers, but fine if you don't mind using a keyboard.The developers are actually extremely quick when it comes to addressing issues and provided a patch to support a controller D-pad. Would recommend at least trying this game on that alone if you like old school RPGs."
,Recommended,440540,30194627,Posted: 26 February,all,Metal Upa,very nice
,Recommended,440540,30859386,Posted: 31 March,all,a.s.muller,"Excellent game, even with the small bugs here and there. Totally enjoyed it. The only thing I wish they had spent more time with was the ending."
76561198141743124,Recommended,440540,33098951,Posted: 1 July,all,Alliandria,"This game is a masterpiece.I love how it sometimes makes fun of its own RPG-ness, and other times really plays with your heartstrings. A lot of love was put into this, and I would recommend it to anyone with a love for rich story and detailed gameplay."
,Recommended,440540,30845372,Posted: 30 March,all,Simpai,Played on story mode and there was still several hours of gameplay.Very good story and nice graphics.Would definetly reccomend to anyone who likes JRPG style games
,Recommended,440540,30964639,Posted: 5 April,all,Ultimortal Nanomaster,"I loved this game. I predicted pretty much every major plot twist along the way chapters in advance, but I still loved how it played, how it was told, and some of the dialogue is priceless. Took me 18 hours to complete it, and I'm going to say that Agility is the Stat To Rule Them All. Have fun, guys!"
76561197983190864,Recommended,440540,31594389,Posted: 6 May,all,gruevy,"I know there's a million of these, but I really like this one. Try it out."
76561198347107781,Recommended,440540,32080576,Posted: 31 May,all,Thedsbrother,Amazing JRPG with an amazing storyline. Absolutely worth
76561198153538938,Recommended,440540,33351660,Posted: 7 July,all,LgtReaper55,Love this game and will continue to love it untill im out of stuff to ddo very great story so far!
76561198274514977,Recommended,440540,33439014,Posted: 10 July,all,MasterThynBonerMasterThynEnemy,Goddness!
76561198036006793,Recommended,440540,33550013,Posted: 14 July,all,Hiiro,"The main character and some dialogue sounded like they came directly from a young teen's fanfic, but the game was still enjoyable overall.  I especially liked that the romantic bits didn't devolve into drama despite there being ample opportunity.On technical things... The difficulty progression could use a little tweaking.  When I first got a hold of my entire party, the new mobs I encountered in the area you need to pass through to continue the story were quite overpowered so I leveled in the previous area to the point where I could just barely handle them only to find that my party had become overpowered for the rest of the game.  Also, at some point the game mechanic where your character flashes when fully recovered just stopped working.  I also could not craft past tier 1 despite getting training.Anyway, I still think it's worth the money and it did keep me interested and entertained.  Playing in story mode will also circumvent the above issues~"
76561198258419562,Recommended,440540,29447100,Posted: 23 January,all,Animelvr0,"This is a awesome game that everyone should play. Great story, great characters, great game all around. 10/10"
76561198068890958,Recommended,440540,29435650,Posted: 22 January,all,Superstroke,"Great super polished game. Would highly recommend, this is more or less the definitive commercial game of the old RMs along with Helen's Mysterious Castle. I have been following this game ever since I started getting my feet wet with RPG Maker. This game had about 10+ years in development and it definitely shows.I had issues on the first day of its release, and a patch was available the next day so I am also impressed with the responsiveness of the developper, whatever his name is around here.Buy it, totally worth the full price too.(Dunno why it says I only have 3 hours, I'm about halfway through the game and I've played on and off longer than 3 hours)"
76561198123460646,Recommended,440540,23370322,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,BodyEater,"This game is beautiful, and though i've only made it through the beginning the attention to detail is aweesome. The dialogue and events that happen and how the characters interact are all great and the combat is enjoyable as well!"
76561198044696352,Recommended,440540,23386515,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,leech02nyr,"I first encountered Ara Fell quite a few years ago, in fact it was one of the games that first got me into indie rpgs. After completing a play through of this now complete version I can say it was definitely worth the wait. A fun and quite addicting old school snes style rpg, that played flawlessly from start to finish. I finished the game in about 12 hours with what I am assuming is all sidequests/bounties completed. Overall the encounters were well balanced with a few difficulty spikes, but nothing unforgiving (unless trying to explore a new area too soon). If you like jrpgs of the mid 90's Ara Fell is a must buy."
76561198277460471,Recommended,440540,23352718,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,rocketfanclub22,"Finally finished Ara Fell.  It took me around 37 hours.  Some of the time was played offline, so hours on Steam do not reflect the exact hours played.  It is a great looking game with fantastic graphics.  Gameplay reminds me of classic RPGs when they were made for gamers and not just designed for kids to beat.  Don't get me wrong, the controls and system is not very complicated, but there are enough features such as crafting and leveling up abilities to keep it from being bland.  I would like to think I explored more than needed and ended up at level 42 when going to the final boss.  My only wish was that checking every blind nook and cranny, I would find some hidden chests.Ara Fell had a good story line which catches you off guard when you first hear the mention of Vampires.  The story has a nice flow to the ending.  The ending could have explained more than it did, but leaving details to the imagination is very intriguing and sets up for sequels.Best of luck to all the staff and hope to see more games in the future."
76561198071775154,Not Recommended,440540,34139073,Posted: 9 August,all,James T Kirk,"One of the better RPG maker games i've seen and played, especially considering it was made on RPG Maker 2003. The beginning of the game was great and felt like there was a ton of potential, but a lot of the overworld mechanics were underutilized (jumping, swimming, orb flying). The writing was alright in the beginning, but started to turn into a bad fanfic in the middle/end of the game. The ending was... wholly unsatisfying and abrupt. It made very little sense, and did absolutely nothing to answer any questions asked at any point in the game, rather asking brand new questions and providing no resolution for any of the characters. You'll get about 10-14 hours of this game, which is kind of amazing for an RPG maker game, but honestly, steam has SOOOO many better titles available in this price range that unless you're into RPG maker, you should go elsewhere."
76561198101850383,Recommended,440540,23401047,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,The Assistant,I never regret buying this game.
76561198186876195,Recommended,440540,30232562,Posted: 27 February,all,Andres87,"Good game, I've enjoyed playing it thus far. The music is good too :)"
,Recommended,440540,32838668,Posted: 26 June,all,eighch,"A fun RPG that's very satisfying for an old-school RPG fan.  The mechanics feel a little unbalanced sometimes, although their unbalance kind of balances itself out so it's definitely worth sticking with, and something you easily get past."
,Recommended,440540,34469922,Posted: 24 August,all,Golden Sun Josh,"I played this game quite a while ago before it was finished and put on steam. I'm very glad it was finished as it is and was a great game. The use of the REFMAP/First Seed graphics is probably the part about it I find most appealing. The game has good storytelling and the environments feel ""alive""."
76561198064889585,Recommended,440540,30231790,Posted: 27 February,all,brainscience,Really great and refreshing game.
,Recommended,440540,30269188,Posted: 1 March,all,Lurkers,"A charming and well thought-out world. Ara Fell has everything you would expect in a game from a 16 bit JRPG. I particulatly liked the music, some parts remind me of FF7 which is no bad thing."
76561198007713343,Recommended,440540,30895484,Posted: 2 April,all,Cheeseknife,"I enjoyed the game more for the ongoing story than the actual gameplay. I don't regularly invest my time into turn-based RPGs, but I made an exception here because the game was cheap and the reviews seemed to be positive. Overall I would recommend this game. I enjoyed it thoroughly for its story mostly, but I did have some minor issues that I will address along with a few other opinons.I don't believe there should be the optional ""story mode"" as it would turn Ara Fell into more of a walking simulator than an actual turn-based RPG.  This is a game, after all, and should lend itself to the gameplay elements which simulate the difficulties of the battles Lita and company fight.  If you just breeze through everything, I think one gets the wrong idea.For story about a world floating in the sky, I found it hard to believe there were zero references to people accidentally falling off every now and then--especially children playing around. It seemed to me that it would have been appropriate for the Ara Fell residence to put fences up at least about the perimenter of their town for safety's sake.  Ultimately, this detail kept on bugging me throughout the game. There's a guy who lives in a house with a gigantic hole in the floor and he even makes reference to it like it's something that bothers him too!The game's ending leaves a lot of questions unanswered. Let me see if I can explain this properly:For some questions, I understand it is intentional to leave those questions to the imagination of the person playing the game.  However, I should emphasize that the game endsabruptly.  There was enough information and characters thrown into the game's final moments before the credits roll that you're left wondering, ""Is that it?"" when it ends."
76561198035530733,Recommended,440540,34690193,Posted: 2 September,all,KingHippo,"The indie JRPG scene is getting increasingly competitive, and this one stands above them all. Excellent writing, story, characters. Huge, beautiful world and amazing use of RPGmaker art, phenomenal soundtrack. Decent amount of side stuff, and a solid ATB system. Can't believe they're only charging $10 for this."
76561198059354881,Recommended,440540,30951222,Posted: 4 April,all,Biocrush1979,The Ending To This Game  SUCKS!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,440540,29813432,Posted: 9 February,all,!ce.Cream<3,"Ara Fell is one of the better RPG-Maker games out there. The story is interesting, exploring is somewhat rewarded, and it has some original features. The level design is surprisingly beautiful. I saw a lot of ugly and sloppy designed RPG-Maker games here on Steam. This is a refreshing change. Also, it took more than just a few hours to finish. Again, unlike other similar games found here.On the negative side: The grinding unfortunatelly was kind of annoying, I don't like this kind of thing. A matter of taste, anyhow. And I was disappointed that on most of the occasions where the character was able to swim, the path lead nowhere, not even to a bit of loot.But all in all good work. I would buy it again."
76561198365533283,Recommended,440540,29762672,Posted: 7 February,all,Grompygromp,"The game is well worth the money, and I would place it amongst the best of rpg-maker games.The story is very good and captivating. For me the story is the most important thing I care about such games, and I was not disappointed.However, imo, the battle system wasn't optimal. Firstly, the INTEL stat is much more superior than the ATTACK stat, for all classes (excluding the fist part of the game when you haven't got much MP). It is rarely worth wasting a turn to simply ""attack"". Spells do much more damage (even for the figher and archer) and scale 2 times more with INTEL. With enough MP you will rarely ever run out of MP to cast. And of course, INTEL also gives magic resist.My suggestion would be to simply remove/reduce the INTEL scaling of these classes.Also, the ""Elemental burst"" spell is too powerfull, and if u raise the MP of the mage, and craft the armor that halves the MP cost, then you can annihilate everything with ease at the mid-end phase of the game, with just the two elemental burst spells (the ALL and ONE). That makes the mage too monotonus, and the other elemental spells are rarely ever used. All the other classes have a good diversity, with various useful spells.Lastly, the battles at the mid-late game were all very easy (possibly because of these elemental bust spells). Also, I didn't like the increasing ""reset level"" cost, because it made me nervous when i was thinking to use it.But despite these flaws, this game is a gem amongst rpg-maker games. I hope this Stegosoft Games studio will make more such games, and maybe make improvements at future games."
76561198053946958,Recommended,440540,30015028,Posted: 18 February,all,miroslavabelperchinova,I trully enjoyed the story and highly recomend the game
76561198097691261,Recommended,440540,32281460,Posted: 8 June,all,Reizell,Cute and exciting game. Well done.
,Recommended,440540,32088552,Posted: 31 May,all,Annonhym,A lovely little game.
,Recommended,440540,23442957,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Distantshadow,"I don't know what is wrong with this game, but I start it up, with nothing happening and an invisible character in the middle of a part of the world, that is not what I saw on youtube, how the game starts out. I don't know how to fix this, but this game looked fairly interested, and now I'm just wondering.... what's wrong?"
,Recommended,440540,30347147,Posted: 5 March,all,Dangerous Beans,Best RPG Maker game I've ever seen.
76561198092648910,Not Recommended,440540,31343823,Posted: 24 April,all,Meihan,"The game itself was okay.  The graphics were decent where it reminds you of the classics rpg games.  However, I did not like the mapping at all.  It was a bit too wide and open where it was easy to get lost a little bit.  I did not like the layout of it really.  The characters were kind of okay sort of.  Having 5 stats was okay for me since I've played those types of games before.  The storyline was sort of okay.  It could've been better.  There could have been more music in some parts, so it doesn't loop at much constantly throughout the game.  The side quests were pretty easy to do, but very bland to them.  It was usually doing simple things and most of them wanted me to kill things.  I wish the game was a little bit more challenging though because the final boss wasn't really hard or anything.  I kind of just expected a ltitle bit more.  It is a decent game, but not one I would play again if I had to. The storyline just didn't draw me in as much as I thought it would.  Great attempt though."
76561198016603957,Not Recommended,440540,34335465,Posted: 18 August,all,Fibulator,"I just can't get into it.  The graphics/interface is very dated, even for RPGmaker.  It has a unique art style, some I like, some I don't.If you like story, and don't care about combat... there is a ""story mode"" where you one-hit everything.The combat is dull and tedius... so much so that the devs added story mode.As for the story... I just can't get into it.  I play games for fun gameplay with some story... 80/20% ratio is great for me.  This is about 5% terrible combat, 95% dull story.If my two options were staring at a wall and playing this game... It'd be a hard choice, but I think staring at a wall would be more entertaining."
76561198098584790,Recommended,440540,25534622,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,dugt69,Infected file: C:\program files (x86)\steam2\steamapps\common\ara fell\rpg_rt.exeHeuristic VirusHeur.AdvML.B
,Recommended,440540,23404428,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,xredA,"there is no neutral option otherwise i would have chosen that.PROSAra Fell is a story driven game. the story will hook you into it from the start of the game. The world is rich of npcs and feels like its living and the scenery is just beautiful.CONSthe battles are slow, if you want to grind for high lvls it will be very time consuming.I was stuck finding places that the main quest required me to complete. for example go to the hunting ranger, no other information was given as to where it was.Also, after that there was another quest where we have to find a character home which is in stone quarry. it's very annoying to not being told that you have to go inside the quarry system to get to his house.All in all there is story mode option that lets you kill monsters instantly if you want to go through the adventure and make it less a little less irritating adventure"
76561198070967808,Recommended,440540,23347149,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,NepNep,"I love this game so far and I'm only in chapter 2 when i'm 5 hours in. There's so many side quests you could do and every npc has a meaningful dialog.The scenary, music and everything is so beautiful.Early on, you learn to swim, jump over gaps, and crawl under beds and into tunnels. Soon after that, you receive bombs that you can use to blow open blocked passages, and later, you’ll even learn to fly.The main character herself is colorful and entertaining; There's plenty of puzzles to solve and even a ""Story Mode"" that lets you instant k.o. mobs if you feel like playing this game for the story and puzzles.This game definitly stands out among rpgmaker games."
,Recommended,440540,24910824,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Fjorn,"Me like that game,Me found weird the ending.Me wonder if game come more than thatMe like."
,Not Recommended,440540,30690571,Posted: 23 March,all,ravenxharuno,"Overview(not finished with game yet)pros-graphics (background/enviroment)-music(very enjoyable)-character chat portiats(adds some expressions and emotion to characters a nice little touch)cons-chat just seems off they make light of things like a door opening, just drop a bomb on you about rescuing cats to stave of war.(the war peice got to me cause there was no hint to troubles or war before this quest)-character chat portiats(Not their best art work in the game but does get the point across)-few animations for enemy units(mainly their basic attacks which makes up most of their attacks)-Swimming oddities (Select few places to enter but every where to leave can leave multiple glowing lights just seems annoying)1st Impressions:Start of the game the graphics are amazing, soundtrack is beautiful, there is a lot going for this game; However when somebody talks it makes me not want to play. The story so far is poorly written, it doesn't even draw me in not even close. While they have the right idea for the story, when someone speaks it's just doesn't fit the game. For now I can't recommend this game for visuals and graphics alone sure, but most play these games for the story line and I for one so far am not impressed.3.5 Hours inStill not far into the game just got done with the archery competition, have found it annoying to walk around some areas cause of brush and stuff while having hard to reach areas is good an all sometimes it's annoying to get stuck on some stuff like at one point i was stuck on leaves in the game? The fighting is pretty straight forward did find out if you don't focus the rainbow cat you basically insta lose cause your attack meter never goes up after their earth attack. Also dissappointing the basic attacks from enemies are just they glow and your char explodes. . . could have some more animtions.(maybe they'll add later idk?) Story still seems off but has gotten better. You can get apples just about anywhere which is free hp? not sure if i'm supposed to be grabbing tons of apples or not up to like 5 every now and then she says ""shouldn't eat any more apples might get apple poisoning?"". Also no a fan of the glowing lights everywhere telling to how to play the game makes it too easy, and takes away some of the immersion into the game. with many water ways nearby sometimes after swimming you can leave your screen with tons of twinkling lights which is just silly.(I will update this once I get farther)"
76561197983496416,Not Recommended,440540,31776386,Posted: 15 May,all,CrOnNoS,"Since we can't be neutral, i'm more willing to not recommend this one.There is some work done here, but not as much to justify the price. It's a small, not too bad RPG maker game. Nothing really interesting on the story, not that it's bad but what i really disliked is how boring i felt, almost never feeling really rewarded for anything i did on the game, from choices to grind or explorations."
76561197970736031,Not Recommended,440540,23403599,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,McKeifus,"I really really wanted to like this game as I love old school jRPGs, but right from the start it suffers from some pretty damning flaws.  The main character constantly monologues to herself - a hallmark of poor writing and story design.  And the first boss requires you to *grind* just to get through - I guess I should have turned on the mode where you autokill everything?  But that's silly, too.  Just design the game for even leveling.  I feel like there wasn't enough playtesting performed.  Especially obnoxious is the ""level check"" that tells you what you need to beat a dungeon, but the information is dead wrong - the boss was way overpowered for my party even though I met - and exceeded! - the requirements.The art and music are beautiful, and not all of the writing is bad.  The story is intriguing, but it is delivered with too much fourth wall breaking and immature sarcasm.Overall this is much better than many of the RPG-Maker games that are on Steam.  But it is still that, an RPG Maker game."
76561198127150413,Not Recommended,440540,23833461,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,DM81,"Claims controller supported, 360 wired doesnt work. now multiple people are reporting their other controllers dont work either.reported the bug. got attitude from devs.refunded.not giving money to people who say something works then backpeddal when called out and try to minimize the issue, then give you attitude when you report a bug.take a lesson from the witcher 3's Dev team. if a bug is reported, dont act like an♥♥♥♥♥ address the problem, apologize, say your working on it."
,Not Recommended,440540,23400439,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,blankz-AA-,items disappeared chapter two...
,Not Recommended,440540,24826886,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,[KINGS] The King,"though the screentshots look decent, the game actually looks quite terrible when you actually play it. it has 2 scaling options: a tiny square box in the center of the screen, where the game looks decent, and actually utilizing your screen, where the game looks like complete garbage. from there we hav the option of adding ""interpolation(bilinear)"" which just blurs the entire image so bad its worse than just playing in proper full screen.the reason for this, and many other issues, is that they are using rpg maker 2003. a VERY outdated version of rpg maker that only the cheapest of cheapskates would waste time or money on at this point.controls are the generic rpg maker controls because the guy couldnt be bothered to learn how the engine works, and even though scripting has always been 100% possible for every iteration of rpg maker, he claims this one dosent allow it simply because he has no idea how to use the program.cant tell you how the story gets, because i have standards and if a game dont meet em i return that pile o' crap. this one dosent meet them. i require that in this day and age, a game does not use a 4:3 ratio since NOBODY HAS A 4:3 MONITOR ANYMORE. i require that if there is controller support and its a 2d game, that i can use my d-pad for navigation, as the joystick only ends up making you go places you dont want to go.this is another case of somebody with next to no knowledge of a heavilly outdated engine (any rpg maker) pumping out some cheap bunch of barely any effort."
76561198095083572,Recommended,440540,31243546,Posted: 19 April,all,Milnuit,"Excuse me but when I start the game,at the titile screnn,I can't do anything but use Alt to move the ""cursor"" if we can call that like this and of course,I can't Select an option,also I'm not able to really start to play.I would love to,but I can't for some reason,someone could help me?Finally it worked,I just had to delete the game and redownload it,if anyone have that problem,try to do thisI just finished Ara Fell,and that really was a pure dream"
,Recommended,440540,35507867,Posted: 5 October,all,aoterroroa,"Castle in the Sky meets Blade?! I love this game! I was hoping for a long, immersive RPG with a great story, fun side quests, and funny NPC dialogue (Talani!) and Ara Fell delivered. Exploration is rewarded but the map doesn't feel overwhelmingly vast.I appreciated some aspects of this game which differ from similar RPGs -- mainly the feminist bent (female lead and other ambitious female characters) and unique weapons (no swords!).I would have welcomed a bit more challenge from the battles, especially bosses, maybe requiring more strategic use of the characters' skills. It's pretty easy to become a killing machine.Looking forward to the next game from Stegosoft!"
