user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198058181397,Recommended,440650,35002181,Posted: 16 September,all,foofercjc,"My daughter (age 7) was fascinated with the 'let's play' videos of this game online. She's already a big fan of animals and science, for example Wild Kratts. We finally got this game and she's been really loving it! The game has accessable controls, and so she can figure out how to play it, and although her species usually die out pretty fast, she still has fun starting over. Her brother (age 11) also really enjoys the game, and has a lot more success.(edit/addition) After seeing comments I want to add that the breeding and resource management aspects of the game do have good educational content, and because the  game is actually fun I see the young people really understanding how those things work.AND since lots of folks seem confused by mentioning children... the game is fun for adults as well. It's got a surprising amount of depth, which makes it challenging for more advanced players.I give this a thumbs up both for adults and young people."
,Recommended,440650,25615951,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,The Magical Medic,"""This game looks easy, cute, and relaxing!""2 hours later~""OH DEAR GOD WHY DO THEY KEEP DYING?! WHAT AM I DOING WRONG?!""Attempt 1Adam and Eve starved to death, and their lone pup was later murdered by a Predator.Attempt 2Adam died to a Predator, Eve mated with a striped doppleganger with a busted face. Later, they all died of starvation.Attempt 3My idea of breeding pure gatherers didn't pan out. Everyone died.Attempt 4My idea of breeding pure hunters didn't pan out. Everyone died.Attempt 5WHO THE ♥♥♥♥ INTRODUCED BLINDNESS INTO MY GENETIC LINE?!Attempt 6After the previous frustrating game of watching my blind pack fumble through the brush, I stop bumbling around and focus on selective breeding. ""Unworthy"" males are sent out in packs to hunt. Initially all females are kept, but in-breeding leads to blindness again. This time, all blind pack hunters are made to harvest berry bushes and cactus plants until the end of their days. Oh: eventually, everyone died.Attempt 7Why the hell wasn't I breeding for ram's horns and speed before?10/10 Would Play God Again"
,Recommended,440650,32131169,Posted: 2 June,all,Fallenleaf,"Niche- A Genetics Survival Game is a very fun game, though it gets a bit boring after a while. I loved the idea of the species of animals they made in Niche.Of course I should go over the Pros and Cons of this game.Pros:-Relaxing-Adorable animals-Different maps\terrains to explore-Being able to name your animalsCons:-Slow on updates-Almost impossible to kill a carnivore without passing a day-Gets boring after a whileOverall its a very good game."
,Recommended,440650,25517154,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Puella14,"Ok, I'm just making a quick summary here and extend this later as the game gets updated:-the gameplay: you start of with two of your animals (Adam and Eve), they are always the same. (Edit: Now they are partly randomised)You start breeding, exploring, searching food, finding strays you add to your pack and so on.One day Adam and Eve will die leaving the pack in the paws of their sons and daughters andsome strays. This continues in a never ending circle of trying to survive against all sort ofharms(see description). In better times you choose your daddys and mommys carefully todevelope your pack on a certain direction. In dire times you breed whoever you can and hopefor the best. You do have a few food sources: Berries of atleast three different kind,bunnies and carnivores (also moles and fish later on). (Edit here as well: You now have the fish, sea shells and nuts) Moles already were in the game but Ihaven't seen one for a while so I guess they are not in there at the moment.-> interesting game concept which turns out pretty difficult and addicting-> strategy meets cuteness: do I breed for functionality or do I try to get this cute pandapattern with blue eyes, which won't help me anything (camoflage will be added later in thedevelopment I think)-> this game is really being cared for, Kudos to the devs!-> there will be much more content in the future, including aquatic genes, a family tree andmuch more stuff I don't even remember (I think there was also a jungle biome?)Edit: well the water genes and the family tree are in now as well as a lot of new mechanics, regarding strays and food. Did not except that to be that fast. And shortly after realeasing a new version you already see the Devs working on the next thing on Facebook :D Do you ever take a break, guys?Summary: great game, great concept, cute artstyle, easy to learn, hard to master, updates coming in fast... what could one fan of gaming and biology want more?Edit (after the December Update): with all what the devs added in only two months this game grew insanly, so I can even more recommend it! So many new mechanics, genes, plants and other animals.Edit (after one million updates or so?): Sorry guys I can't keep up :D Way to much stuff added, I can't play it all and update the review. The game is great and it's being cared for but my review is pretty oudated now cuz they add new content like sonic and I love it! Jungle Biome is in and hybrids are in and I don't even know what else ^^"
76561198079882693,Recommended,440650,25562812,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,missylynke,"Okay, confession: my favorite game of all time is Creatures. I haven't really played many video games until recently (lookin at you ark) but I've always, always loved Creatures. It wins out even over my beloved heroes of might and magic 2 (I really loved games that came out between 1996 and 1999?).I still play Creatures. I love the art, I love the fuzzy norns, I love murdering grendels, I love the dusty fansites with all their dead links, I love their screeching little voices, I love their frustrating, confusing single strand genetic codes, I love it. I love it. It taught me more than all my bio classes combined, and it taught me binary.And this... well, I can already tell. It's like they reached into my head and made me the perfect game. Turn based like heroes, survival-based like ark, all the good parts of spore and on top of all that, I get to put my grubby little fingers into their genetic codes.I would say I love me some good old fashioned Darwinism, but lets be honest here: I breed them for cuteness. This is eugenics. I've come to terms with that.10/10"
76561198212605888,Recommended,440650,32450551,Posted: 15 June,all,jessbrooke,"A loving throwback to the days of the mid- 90's, when getting frustrated would not ruin people's enjoyment of a game. While lacking a tutorial, the game is straightforward enough to figure out the basics on your own. I was worried the player would need a working knowledge of mendelian inheritance to play the game, thankfully I've discovered its just a nice perk. In fact, this is probably as straightforward as a breeding game is ever going to get in the modern era. That does not mean you will last long without a considerable amount of effort and some quick thinking, because it doen't. I especially like that you can mutate in traits, quite a useful starting point in a game where the situation is often unclear at first. I especially like the subtle differences between each biome and the things that you can find by exploring the map, including weird hybrid animals you can have your creatures hunt. The fact that I've not been able to make it far in some habitats just yet is proof that there is a lot to learn about this game in the best sense of the word.A bit of constructive critisism, however: The hex-based movement is a bit hard to figure out at first, and its a bit TOO easy to do some things like breeding or attacking, such that you sometimes do them by accident. Disease is also just slightly OP in how fast it spreads. The starting island is also a little short on resources, I find myself feeling the urge to leave it by the time the second generation reaches adulthood. I also think the player's creatures in the game could use a few more 'extreme' traits, its just an easy way to increase the fun factor.Other than these various minor problems, you have a delightfully addictive little thing that allows you to gently tweak a bunch of squirrel/cat/fox creatures into all sorts of forms and see what works in what habitat. Its all too easy to lose, but the surprising diffuculty is excactly what keeps the game from getting old quick. Its good to see player imput turn an ok game into a good game like with this one."
76561198010169543,Recommended,440650,26053402,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Stab Rabbit,"I got down to two males and found a Spitsnout female named Meme. Meme took down three carnivores by herself, had a daughter named Lame, and went on to repopulate the pack.10/10 would get Meme'd on again."
76561198055377293,Recommended,440650,32138433,Posted: 2 June,all,talandrews,"Niche is a very unique game. It is an adorable turn-based strategy game where you play as a tribe of squirrel-esque animals gathering food, avoiding or defending against predators, and breeding to evolve more adapted creatures. Difficulty is controlled by the player based on which habitats you choose to migrate your creatures to from the relatively safe meadows to mountain tops full of predators waiting to eat those who avoid freezing to death.Where Niche really shines in the ""realistic"" genetics system which controls the abilities your animals have to help them survive - such as the ability to crack open shellfish or dig for food - and includes various genetic defects and penalties for inbreeding. Combined with the migration system which limits you to a small number of creatures migrating to each new world it forces you to plan ahead. In addition, many abilities are mutually exclusive forcing you to choose which niche your particular creature is going to fill.One draw-back at the point of writing is that some abilities/resources are unbalanced. I've managed many successful cautious berry-picking species and some omnivorous coastal creatures but I've yet to make fishing be worth the effort.Overall Niche is an enjoyable relaxed game, with adorable art and sound effects. However, if you are looking for exciting action or deep story-telling this is not the game for you. (8/10)"
76561198043494297,Recommended,440650,25549809,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,seaschell,"After playing this game for about 5 hours here is what I will say...1. Please, Please, Please for the love of everything keep developing this game!2. I hope they add TONS of other genes and possibly bigger maps.3. Please don't let this be one of those early access games that ends once they start selling it.I've pretty much done everything there is to do in 5 hours, but I get, it's early access. I'm terrified this will be like many other early access games I've bought that nothing ever happens with or they go a completely different direction with it. Because I really love this game, I love the concept and all the possibilities. Please be great! <3"
76561198154278456,Recommended,440650,26134489,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,pinkcatsarereal,"I love this game!It's a little bit too expensive right now but I couldn't wait - however, I don't regret buying. I hope there's going to be more content!+ so cute!+ simple but challenging enough(+ the video was great :D You should make a tutorial for the game with that not-an-actual-professor guy)- needs much more content- no family tree or genealogy (I wish I could see my progress, game would be more rewarding that way)I think the challenging part is getting enough food. But I haven't lost yet so I guess it's not too hard.If you are impatient like me - go ahead and buy it. Otherwise, wait until the price goes down.ps. some of you say that there's no camera rotation possibility but yes there is - just press the right mouse button and drag! And I heard there actually is going to be the family tree, so I'll come back and write my review about it then.Some tips: Think before breeding. If one animal has one blind gene and another doesn't have any - there's 75% possibility that their descendant doesn't have the blind gene and with mutations you can affect to that possibility. But if the both animals have one blind gene - the possibility is 50%. But even if the descendant isn't blind - it still can carry the blind gene. And this logic should stand for the another genes as well.Don't chase rabbits - wait them to jump next to you and then attack. It's a good idea to keep one animal next to berry bush so you can collect food when ever you need it - and do not destroy the bushes because they won't grow back then. Killing the carnivores might be hard - but it's the best source of food."
76561198089485980,Recommended,440650,25518476,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Eclipse,Pros:-Runs well (no bugs or issues)-Simple but nice graphic design-It is a cool feeling to comeback from near extinction-Its fun to breed various creaturesCons:-Not very deep in its mechanics as of today-Nearly twenty dollars for this is too pricy-Its harder to find food in the later game-Its missing some of its settings (will be added later)Overall:Its an enjoyable game with cute animals but the genectic mechanics need a bit of work and its not really worth its asking price of twenty dollars. That said. This is still early access and this a nice foundation to which they can build upon. Looking forward to the finish product.
,Not Recommended,440650,35157777,Posted: 23 September,all,Scase is KING of Narwhals,"This is kind of a sad negative review. I have been following the game for a while and was waiting on it exiting EA to get the full experience. After the long wait, I was pretty disappointed. The tutorial was abyssmal, you learn nothing but the absolute basics, it doesn't teach you what any icons mean or do, it doesn't teach you how to manipulate the genes besides ""Mate these two"".You have an entire dna helix representing the presumably predisposed genes the animal has but with no background on what they mean or how to manipulate them, short of seeing that you are likely to have offspring with bad or slightly less bad eyesight/hearing/smell/strength/etc and if its +0, +1, or +2 to an attribute.Ultimately the gene choices mean nothing, they make VERY little impact on the actual game. It is incredibly slow paced and boring. You can decide to fight, forrage etc. but, they are all literally the same. Wanna be warriors? Try to manipulate genes to give you attack power, click on an enemy and that's it. Forrage? Exact same thing, find a nut/berry bush/clam/etc. click on the icon and that's it.Take the term strategy VERY lightly, as there is very little. You just blindly wander through a map looking for other npcs to mate or kill and that's about it. There is no strategy to speak of, find someone that you will get killed by, run away. Find something you can kill but, can't offer to join your tribe, kill it. The game lacks depth.One of the very interesting ideas the game put forth was senses, you can choose to perceive your surroundings using sight, hearing, and smell. They allow you too ""see"" different things. Sight will let you see things like acorns on the ground, smell and hearing let you see other animals in the bushes, and so on. The downside however, the is virtually no reason to use sight, tall grass renders it pretty useless and it's way easier to just use sound or hearing as not only does it let you ""see"" through things like grass, it by default gives you a larger range to ""see"". Which is unfortunate as the game is actually quite nice to look at when you can see the vibrant colors and details, all of which you miss in the superior hearing/smelling modes.There are not a lot of genetic mutations to unlock, and a vast majority of them are strictly cosmetic and add nothing to the game.This could have been a much better and deeper game and might very well be with updates but, as it stands now fully released with very little depth, an atrocious tutorial for a game with very unobvious mechanics, and generally boring gameplay I cannot recommend buying this game.Take the vast amount of positive reviews with a grain of salt, as the majority of them are staunch Niche supporters and have been playing well into EA and are pretty biased. It won't break the bank to buy, or try by any means but, there are much better games to shell your money out for."
,Recommended,440650,28807703,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,EmmaUniverse,"Niche was an unexpectadly addictive game for me. I bought it on a whim a while back when seeing a few YouTube videos on it, and was drawn in by its interesting take on genetics, and the endless possibilities on offer in terms of creating creatures, and helping them survive despite difficulties in the environment.It is a challenging game if you really want to strategise and create the 'perfect' creature genetically, but can also be relaxing if you focus less on the details and more on the aspect of survival, and exploring the islands on offer. You can really choose your playing style, and if you wish, you can create your own challenges since it's so open. This makes it perfect as, kind of, an accidental role-playing game, if you wish to get attached to your creatures, which you will.You watch them grow, you watch them breed, you watch them protect, you watch them die, and the generations go on and on, at a fairly fast-paced speed; which I love.All in all, I play this game for its awesome art style and relaxing nature, but also so I can use strategy to manipulate the genetics, and really get that feeling of satisfaction when I finally create the perfect creature and survive the more difficult islands.It's so challenging at times, that the satisfaction is ever-more rewarding! Definitely a tricky game to conquer, but well worth the buy!"
,Recommended,440650,34515955,Posted: 26 August,all,Schlork,"Niche is extremely fun, but also pretty hard. I really enjoy the game but have never gotten past the third island, you should just try it out for an hour and if you like it, keep it and if it's too complicated, get a refund."
76561198346184785,Recommended,440650,32729698,Posted: 24 June,all,Tala bayado,"I saw this game from seri the pixel biologist and honestly I do not regret buying this game, I was already hooked from the first video that I saw and I decided to purchase it, its a really addictive game and you can easily waste few hours of your time on it.However, I will  leave a few cons about this game:•You can't view your adam and eve after a couple generations•You can't hear or smell predators before they come at you•The creatures drown on the second water tile•Rouge males will impregnate your females on every move you do•Tutorial is outdated (however I realise that the devs are updating it)•You can only have 3 saves at a timeHowever there are A LOT of pros that I can list:•Doesn't have a huge learning curve, and you can easily learn the basics from one video•A TON of possible outcomes for your creatures from color, to states, & to story telling•Easy to carve into a story line (if that makes sense xD)•There are many challenges that people have created that you can do when you're bored•The ability to change gem colors to signify ""packs"" in the tribe•The ability to rank your creatures from: omega, beta, and alpha•This game has a really helpful community that is willingly able to help you•The whole twins feature is really cool, you can get totally different twins and identical twins too, and they're always really cute!So in conclusion I highly recommend this game to anyone, even if you are a casual gamer, its easy to pick up and really hard to put down. <3"
76561198250141008,Recommended,440650,25676091,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,WonkySuperset,"This is a great game, even though it's in such an early stage, if you're thinking about getting it think no more, just click that buy button.2 things I think this game should have:1-the type of fur pattern effects it's ability to be see by carnivors (The camoflage works for survival).2-a multyplayer where players could live together peacefully or fight to their absolute demise!!!"
76561198025376643,Recommended,440650,26207427,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Little Phoenix,"well myfirst game;-Started in th savanna/plains-Adam and Eve bred produce baby-Lots of wonderers with short lifespans. Oh look two babies! ¬_¬-4 carnivores and the death of Adam and Eve later-Well I've got 4 nests, 4 breeding females and some berries. I'm forced to grab cactus berries whenevera carnivoreome along.-How am I managing to keep the immunity genes alive? breeding the hell out of everyone!  I manage to keep hold of both = genes, the triangle, circle and + one. with 5 genes, I had a choice of pack mates.  I nevr saw any other gene and honstly, the way the first 4 carnivores tore through my pack at the start, I on't think I really had time to consider things.-All I have is spitsnot and claws.-next thing I know... 6 nests and 30+ members.Okay so I learn early on the secret was to focus less on keeping traits I wanted and more about breeding for the sake of immunity genes. There were times I took inbreeding risks for the sake of maintaing a circle or + sign one. I had female constantly in the nest breeding.So I also took some notes from nature and how animals behave.  I kept the young in the centre of the pack protected by the adults and slowly moved the access adults out.  By keepingthe young in the centre not only did I have a circle of protection to them, but I also had a breeding stock at hand near nests.  As one partner died I moved a baby with a gene the other partner didn't hve into breed. I never had less then 12 babies in the centre at all times.  I always took breeding from them and pushed out the unwanted members to keep the gene pool fresh.As I said, the big weakness was genetics for survival... I lost the berry paw really fast, and the big nose. I had a rams hend but lost it within 1 generation.  The poison fangs, however, survived because of Eve and Adam's soul off spring survived.  Otherwise I had a army of spitsnouts.  I managed to load up a berry paw and bring it back into the mix later but tht was when I had 20 individuals.I know some advise making paths in the grass but I foun it stronger as a move to slowly expand the terroritory one bit at a time.  This meant the carnivores and bunnies had nowhere to hide and made sur the back areas of area arond nests was safely exposed. I also made sure no one in the outter areas of the pack was alone without at lest 2 back up pack members.I do like the random nature of the breeding and exploring... Even my best plans had flaws.  I nearly lost a immunity gene.  But once you have 4 nests down and a decent amount of pack members and berries to pick, the game becomes easier even if you mess up.Edit:The island migration update changed a lot of things, but there are some conclusions I've come to.1- Eventually you'll come to an island where instead of the carnivores hunting you, you hunt them.  They produce 10 food and there are few bushes to raid and sometimes trees.  So you need to turn focus away from running and berry collecting and towards double claws and ram horms/antlers.2-At this point, I realised you can only have x amount of females on nest, so taking a note out of Lions I sent the etra females off to scout.  Yes, horny males were a problem, but I wasn't breeding from the ones sent off.3-I surrounded each nest with a harem of males.  The males gave a genetic selection for the nest sitting female.  They doubled as shielding the females on nests from horny males.4-hunting females went out solo, they were often fresh out of the nest with ram or antlers and double claws. They scout slowly the island and found and killed carnivores while slowly unveiling the grasses.5-expansion was slow, I could only breed when a carnivore was downed.  At this point the spawn rate was high on them so they were appearing almost every other turn.  Later on as the double claw and antlers became common, I was able to slowly push out, get to other nests, hunt down the carnivores more effectly and things sped up.6-The trick on slow epansionw as to never have more then one or two scouts, even if they were slow double claws, they could slowly cut way the map.  Patience was rewarding.7-Trees were often more valuable then bushes.  while I would sit one female gathering the acorns, bushes were just cut down while the girls were hunting.8-If your lucky, you may get a double bush near a nest.  Carnivore high spawn rates means even then a double berry paw is dangerous.  Your creature is vunerable.  It becomes a high risk, especially as often its not worth it unless it rains.9-So about the females who are moved away from the nests.  Okay so there was always 4-6 females not breeding I could not do anything with.  Occasionally a horny male would come along and a baby would result.  This is a gamble.  I clustered them together to ATTRACT the males. Sometimes the males gave a hidden trait among their rubbish genetics, like a immunity gene.  I know some hate these guys, but often their a blessing in disguise.  Early on, when you move onto a new island sometimes things are cruel.  I traveled to island 3 with 8 young and strong individuals but their numbers fell.  I was lucky to find 3 nests within a few squares of each other.  But I ran out of food looking for food.  So I ended up with a shallow gene pool in immunity genes - until a horny male blessed one female with both toxic body AND a new immunity gene.  I had to breed out their crap genetics, but I think thats the idea.10- about 50% of the island unveiled leaves a lot of dark areas for carnivores to spawn.  cut that grass ASAP to get finding them easy to do.  Without grass they lack the element of surprise and can't ambush you.  By 100% of the map unveiled, they are exposed, weak and this makes them just sitting ducks even for slow double claw paws.11-you don't always have to have plenty of food to migrate if you've made the right breeding.  The first migration to island 3 I had 24 food.  The result was I bred rarely.  5 of my guys had to be sacrficed for the greater good of the pack.  They were the first scouts. Their efforts unveiled the areas that made carnivores easy to find.  Their deaths weren't in vein.  Sometimes, you have to choose between the death of a few pack members like this.  But neverless, it is possible to get migration through on less then 40 food and prosper.Basically, the game pushes you more and more to become less ""hunter/gather"" and more ""hunter"" it seems later on in the current migration update.  The most valuable traits right now are toxic body, poison fang, ram horns, antlers, double claw paws, Lean body (edit; sorryI left this one out).  Speed and gather paws are almost useless. You have to bait and wait for the right things to come to the nests, be it prey or mates."
76561197972636494,Not Recommended,440650,31583867,Posted: 6 May,all,beckz,"In its current state 0.3.0 the game has way to little content for it's price.Edit:@SheeveeIn response to Sheevee’s comment I realize that my explanation is lacking.In short:what I mean with “little content for it's price” is in regards to gameplay, achievements an general stuff you can do. I know that it's an Early Access game, that's why I added “in its current state”.And here the long version:I bought this game yesterday, thanks to all the positive reviews and the promising “Let's Play” on YouTube.I started the game, read the tutorial, started to explore the first island and make babies.I never had a food problem, since I used most of my pack to hunt and gather food, while 3-4 members explored and cut grass. After 30 minutes I had explored the island, killed all hostile mobs and accepted everyone into my pack. The hostile mobs were no problem to my exploring members, they simply ganged up on the enemy.So, with the new blood from the few new members I was in the third generation and to prevent insect I decided to move immediately to the next island. Sadly, I approached the relocate point only with one member of my pack and it was the only one I had on the new island. I thought my entire pack will be relocated, but what ever. Luckily, on my second island, I met a partner pretty fast and started the same routine: make babies collect food, explore and kill hostiles.But after I had explored a bit, I asked myself: “What now?”.Yes, you can explore 10 islands and collect all different genes, but for me this is like walking through 10 identical rooms and only the colors change. And since there is nothing else to do, no goal and no achievements (yet) – I simply got bored.And there you have it:A game for 18€ that gets boring after only an hour – that's what I mean with “little content for it's price”.Please comment, if missed something interesting I can do in the game.I also have no intention to refund the game and hope that future content makes me change this review."
76561198310568211,Recommended,440650,31312138,Posted: 22 April,all,rosethorne16,"This game is indescribable. The concept is extremely interesting and completely difficult to achieve, and yet this studio does so beautifully. What started as an already stupendous game has evolved through interesting, well tested updates that offer the player hours upon hours of evolutionary fun. This game challenges, entertains, and teaches all in one about the hardships and struggles of nature and the gene pool. While I was hesitant about the game and its limited movement and board game structure, it has easily become one of my all time favorites. I eagerly await the updates and all of the amazing content available. I highly recommend this game for animal lovers and strategists who don't mind a creative twist on games. Such an amazing game!"
76561198052489358,Recommended,440650,26035079,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Good Gravey!,"Was inspired to jump in and play this game thanks to a youtuber! (Jessimew)I can honestly say I don't regret it! But there's definately room for improvement.This game is relaxing, and fairly entertaing. The creature designs are charming, and I like the gentle music and grid based movement of the world. The genetics and mutation aspect is super fun too. Only thing is, it doesn't take a long time till everything is unlocked. And after that, there's not much else to do.I feel like there's not a solid goal in this game, and once you figure out how best to breed and spread out it just becomes micromanaging. (very cute micromanaging, but still)The enviornments don't feel too different from each other, which is a shame (but I know it's early dev! Hopefully the landscape options and variety will change!) edit - as of the oct update the trees and shrubs look much better!More genes would be fantastic! Really mutate these babies!Survival mode and Story mode would be fantastic! Just having a bit of a goal would up the fun factor.Hope this game continues to get updates and improvements! Not regretting my playtime and purchace :D Just hope time is spent on developing this game and making Niche unique!"
76561198047583688,Recommended,440650,25775054,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Mactou,I'm a professional Geneticist with PhD and all that♥♥♥♥♥♥and I confirm this game is a whats up! Why nobody else came up with the same idea before?
76561198018592950,Recommended,440650,35041350,Posted: 18 September,all,Nutcracker,"This is one of those sandbox game where you sit down to relax for a little bit, have yourself a cup of tea and some biscuits then suddenly you realize the sun is setting, your stomach is growling for food and your butt aches from sitting too long.I love every aspect of this game; the soundscape, music, the incredible variety of genetics, all the different islands, the wildlife, your animals, everything. There's just something about this game... There's no ultimate goal but to survive, how you do it is up to you. You're the game master in a sense, you set little goals for yourself and it is rewarding for every little goal you achieve. Finally got a creature with blue eyes! Yes! Managed to breed out the deformed paws? Awesome, next challenge! That wild one has antlers, I want my creatures to have them as well, best invite them to the pack! Etc.It's just all in all great fun! Noone is there to beat you with a stick if you do this or that, you make your own fun and your own end goal. It's a lovely game."
,Recommended,440650,35113402,Posted: 21 September,all,MoonPhase,"First off congratualtions to the team on the official launch!Secondly:TLDR: A breeding game with a twist. This game is amazing. If your into survival games, if you like turn based games, if you love animals and like a challenge (especially when it comes to breeding a creature you like) this is the game for you.I've only ot 12 hours on this account but I originally logged about 40 hours on my sisters before buying it myself. I think I started playing back on 0.3.0 and the game has come on leaps and bounds since then. I originally saw this game and knew I would love it just because of the art. Its such a cute game with amazing artwork that has inspired allot of beautiful fan art in return. I've also always loved games that involve breeding animals, it fascinates me and this game takes it that one step further by making genes that your survival depends on.Cons:-If you don't like micro mangment your not going to like this game. You have to micro manage every move and action your creature makes. You have to choose specific genes you want to try and breed into your tribe for EVERY creature.Pros (AKA why I love the game)-If you like micro managment see above, I like micro managment, at the very least it dosnt bother me!-With a diverse gene pool of colours, patterns, claws, eyes, horns and special ancient genes (plus many more) you end up with a diverse and intresting tribe of creatures. Its can be a fun challenge to try and breed a creature that can not only survive and thrive, but look exactly how you want.-Challenging terrain makes for intresting game play as your forced to adapt to your enviroment. From growing gills to deal with water and posion fangs to help you harvest poisnous berries your forced to hunt for the perfect mate to join your tribe.-The danger doesn't just lie in what is under your feet but what lurks around you. Rouge males with negative genes stalk you through the grass waiting for a lone female to stray from the tribe, leeches lurk at the water's edge waiting to grab onto a passing baby (or even worse a bird swooping down and grabbing your baby!) and the big bearyenas roam around. These threats force you to keep on your toes and depending on what genes you have in your tribe you can try to fight or run. A fun update before launch added the possibility of bearyena hybrids that can introduce important genes into your tribe and I hope to see more hybrids introduced in the future!To sum it up it's a cute entertaining game. If your unsure watch some of the many youtube videos that are already out about previous releases. Its a challenge to survive which is a good thing."
76561198362976831,Recommended,440650,34367611,Posted: 20 August,all,rachellarisa,"This is a beautiful, wonderful game that taught me so much, and brought joy and peace to my heart. Got a test? I played Niche to calm down. School was stressful? Niche whisked me away to another world where there was no trouble except for bearyenas and rouge males- which were scarier than any of my troubles. I love Niche with all my heart annd cannot WAIT to see how this gorgeous game goes along. I will never forget my days with my first tribe, the Analeaps, to their rebirth in the newest branch. Niche means so much to me, and I am excited to see its future."
,Recommended,440650,30595530,Posted: 18 March,all,kerryec,"Really fun, found out about it from JessiMew and Seri! Pixel Biologist, who both have series of their playthroughs of this game. The game is constantly being updated with new, fresh ideas to improve the experience as a whole. The company listens to the ideas from fans that are suggested to them in their Facebook group, which I think is very thoughtful and positive as it allows them to cater to their audience and make such a great game.10/10"
76561198063347241,Recommended,440650,25569577,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,PlentifulJerm,"Good game, would recomend after further updates. The mechanics and gameplay are fun and unique but after a few hours you will have done everything you can with the current content. With the current price, just wait till more of the game is released before purchasing, but overall a good experience."
76561198335523555,Recommended,440650,26074676,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,bubblesnuffer,"I love this game! Even though not all of the features are available yet, its still crazy fun and cute. The game has simple rules, yet it can be challenging too (I still cant get a clan to keep the poison fang gene...) I would totally recommend to anyone who loves science and biology. Its both a relaxing game and yet one that requires a sharp eye and a knack for strategy,Not only would I love to see new genes like other reviewers have mentioned, but I would also like to see more complexity in the genes we already have. Maybe we could have the small chance of getting a secret gene mutation if we combine two gene types (Example: claw paws+runner leg = Digging paws)Another idea would be to have different levels of skills based on how much of a gene a creature has. For example, one berry paw gives you the ability to pick lots of berries off bushes, but TWO berry paws give you the ability to pick berries safely off cacti.I do hate the fact that we can destroy our food source bushes. I've had to start over twice because of it. There are just too many dots to keep track of what you click sometimes, and I think it adds an element of unnecessary stress to the game play.Please try Niche and give the developers your support, this game has a lot of future potential."
76561198132627180,Recommended,440650,28953069,Posted: 2 January,all,Epsilon,"The only problem I'd have to complain about is the price, very high for an Early Access game. However I'd highly recommend getting this game on sale. This game can be enjoyed in seemingly two ways. The first way is a simple survival game, appealing to a wider audience, simply trying to survive with what you have and what you're given. The other way is looking at the genetics and trying to create the strongest animals depending on your gene pool. Both ways provide interesting and unique gameplay, I didn't even see the genetics part of the game at first, and after I did the game was better as I tried to abolish bad genetics and keep the better ones alive. It gives the game a good aspect of strategy, and the scattered nests around each island gives the player a chance to have multiple different tribes of animals with different genes. From what I've seen updates are rather frequent and add new aspects and situations to the game, such as adding the water biome with swimming genes like webbed feet and gills. I'd say this game is worth at least 10 dollars, pick it up if you get the chance."
76561198035384277,Recommended,440650,26739608,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Dragonspark833,The game is amazing its sort of hard at first but once you get the hang of it.Iit can be very amusing and fun. It also teaches the basics of genitcs on a small scale compared to real life genetics. I love the little creatures in niche it is very fun to play with I recomend buying the game.
76561198055475839,Recommended,440650,27917900,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,rednixhound,"Niche is an addictive digital board game with all the difficulty and resource balancing of the survival genre. It's great fun to breed all kinds of wonky looking creatures, and taking over the map is a slow, halting affair. I'm really looking forward to the family tree update, which should make it easier to sort out which creatures go together best."
76561198040709212,Recommended,440650,25600550,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,christinenice,"I love this game!  I played the demo version from their website first, and I was totally obsessed.  When I bought this, I thought it would be just the same, but it is much better.  It is like a puzzle game with really cute creatures.  You breed them for certain traits that help them survive, and you progress.  There are many different strategies to reach your goal, which is to explore and survive.The creatures are really cute.  I look forward to what different colors or features they implement in the future.  I didn't get too attached to the creatures as individuals, because they have a limited life span.  As you progress, they are going to die.  I was more interested in how their genetic features would be passed on... sometimes for aesthetic reasons and sometimes for their survival value.  I am very impressed!"
76561197997807987,Recommended,440650,25519816,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,DeusExMachina,"Niche has a huge amount of potential.  Guide your pack of endearing animals through an unexplored world, search for food, and defend yourself against predators.  Gathering enough food for your pack is fairly difficult, depending on how lucky you are with the randomly generated map.  You'll have to find a balance between having enough babies to secure the bloodline and saving food so that the pack won't starve.  Camouflage is absent in the current version, making hunting difficult.  You'll also want to selectively breed your most genetically advantageous pairs- developing a tribe with no front paws is entirely possible, and a really bad idea.The genetics system is not yet fleshed out, but the idea of unlocking new mutations over generations is already addicting, and will become more so with expanded content.  Arguably, the price is a little steep for what's currently there, but I'm impressed enough to be confident in the investment."
,Recommended,440650,32368357,Posted: 12 June,all,Gaasuba,"Loving- cute critters- fun genetics- family trees- oh my god I love animal management games- gone for like a year ""updated last month"" *cries tears of joy for not being in early access purrgatory*Want- some sort of score after extinction: days survived? generations lived? levels passed through?- hall of extinction to review your past endevours- quick list of all individuals safe to breed with currently selected critter.- way to auto harvest bushes. toggle individuals to at the end/beginning of turn? one button that makes them all harvest what they are next to?- automated movement over several turns like in Civ.   Migrating desired individuals on big maps is a pain."
,Recommended,440650,34724643,Posted: 3 September,all,kamrynwhowanders,"I've been watching Jessimew's Niche playthrough for months and finally decided to take the plunge myself! I LOVE breeding/genetics games and the nichelings are ADORABLE. I hopped islands 5 times in 6 hours, bred an entire line of sweet darling water-bodied duck-bills but lost control of my genetics and ended up with a TON of blind, elderly or albino creatures with the no-paw, so I cut my losses and started over. Currently I am determined to CONQUER the island after the starter island. CLEAR OUT ALL THE GRASS! I had to quarantine a sick wanderer, but managed to get a new gene on her two babies, although they took some sickness damage because they caught a cold from their mother. Kind of a bummer that I keep having to breed siblings but that's just what happens when you have to repopulate an entire tribe from 2 people with the rare wanderer.I can't wait for the current experimental branch to be implemented on the main branch! I've been watching Jessimew play it and the patterns are PRECIOUS and I love the friendly bearyenas! I haven't had any twins yet, but I'm eagerly anticipating it. In order to keep track of my genetics/breed some distinct lines, I've been giving my creatures last names based on their roles. I haven't had enough time in this new save file to breed for anything other than immunity genes, but I've been naming them with roles at birth, for example, Laisi Digger, Tama Hunter, and Taro Gatherer, and I plan to breed together Gatherers and Hunters and Diggers to make special lines, adjusting the immunity genes for each line! (I want to get that duck bill back on my Digger line, along with the digging paw. Or the digging trunk, if I unlock it in the mountains.)Super cute and fun! A ton of things to do, and absorbs me for hours."
,Recommended,440650,29110454,Posted: 8 January,all,THE DOG and Friends,"(I need to stop editing this)I like this game. It will certainly never become my favourite game (because THE DOG Island is my religion,) but in small doses it's fairly enjoyable. I see why people have poured over 100 hours into this, but there's a good reason why I didn't push 100 yet.1. It gets extremely boring after a while. I don't know how Kiffy spent 366 hours into this. Sure, you can participate in a challenge or make up a story for your demons of Hell, but other than that I get bored fairly quick.2. Lag. After like, 10 minutes of playing my computer will start to lag. And keep in mind I'm running on the lowest quality graphics for this game.3. Speaking of graphics, they look really weird. It's kinda like Alpaca World where the alpacas are obviously in a different art style yet the backgrounds look like a cheaply made iPhone game. I don't know if it's because of how low quality I set my game to be, but come on. Bootleg Minecraft games are so 2014.4. The community. In a second I will be complementing them, but let's be honest. There are three types of fans for Niche: the people that don't know when to stop posting art/screenshots, the people that don't know when to stop playing, or just regular fans. You can probably tell what most of the fans fit into (including me.)Now let's see the pros.1. The demons of Hell can sometimes look really cute or most of the time really did look like they came from Hell.2. The community. They're actually really nice andluckily there's no ocs or fanfictions yet thank the lord3. The premise is okay and the game turns out to be very educational.4. The devs are really nice too.5. Highly addictive. Looking at you Kiffy...Overall, should you play this game? If you really want to, go for it! I'm not stopping you. If you tolerate being bored and like a friendly commnity, I reccomend this game!"
76561198121175867,Recommended,440650,30248528,Posted: 28 February,all,Speedy mc Meatball,"Solid 9.999999999/10. This game is very cool and I think it should have merchandise. The game is currently in development so many new updates will happen. I feel like the game has a few typos and things that could be improved, but oh sweet mother of NICHE! Get this game. I love how random everything is. You never know what will happen! You might run into a hungry killer ape, or you might find an Albino! In nature, nothing is ever predictable. You can change the resolution, graphics, and you can do whatever you want. Be sure to learn a little about this game before you play it though, or you might die the first time you play... like me. Also, be sure to check out the discussions and keep up with Niche's development. That's all for now. Loose yourself to your wild side. And join the pack! Happy playing. (If you get the game.)"
76561198113852378,Recommended,440650,31446162,Posted: 29 April,all,Artist,"This game recieves updates very frequently and the creators, developers, and their teams are vey supportive and they really connect with their players. Now the game is amazing! You start with Adam and Eve who are your avatars! Everyone in you pack YOU contol. Playing with their genes is unique to this game and you can fight off predators, hunt, collect berries, mate (Hehe Wink Wink Nudge Nudge), and build a family of your OWN PREFERENCE!!! You can unlock more genes by combining different genes like for example if you decide to mutate red coat into your pack it will unlock another coat color.Starting off the game I mutate genes that gives me a chance to unlock more genes through breeding Adam and Eve.After finishing my starter Island, I take my favorite/Strongest offspring of Adam and Eves own young and a new comer you might want to add into your pack so no inbreeding happens.I like to use my strongest attacks as 'Scouts' to clear their territory. I personally like my Adam and Eve bloodline to be carried down to my main group. I might have mutiple breeders who I deam as Alphas, but if I have blind, faulty, or genetically poor to bee lookouts and those are the omegas. My 'Food Takers' are beta along with the 'Scouts' who also might stumble accross food. Whoever my Alphas are, they also usually are my favorites. The breeders are always the ones with the best genes, so they continue the line of strong offspring.I see how long I can keep my Adam and Eve bloodline and if they die out I srat over, but it's just my goal to keep their bloodline so it doesn't have to be yours.My personal favorite part of this game is the multiple senses. You can click on a specific avatar and smell, hear, or see what is around.Gathering food is key to survivalI don't want to spoil the game content ESPECIALLY the new stuff, so come join this fantastic community!"
,Recommended,440650,28758960,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,judeiiro,I was introduced to the game by a Youtuber (Jessimew) and it hit me then; THIS IS MY DREAM GAME ( ॣ•͈૦•͈ ॣ)  I've always been interested in genetics since I took biology in highschool (but not enough to actually pursue it) and I like management games so Niche is just perfect for me!The game's flexibility and options are amazing! I have no complains and I'm sure to love this game even more when it's done ^^
,Recommended,440650,25626885,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,SpiedeWolf,"So, saw this game on the front page.I'm a sucker for simulation games and then you add genetics?Game bought.6 hours later...I had to stop myself before I straved to death haha.This game is awesome! You get so wrapped up in breeding for this or that, that the hours fly by. I'm still working on my first attempt. My pack hasn't died yet! Although, I have had some close calls that left me in suspense as predators closed in on my few pack mates, but we have prevailed! I even got the adorable panda fur! <3Definitely recommend this game and I can not wait for updates!"
,Recommended,440650,29283426,Posted: 15 January,all,Scarf Dragon,"Hey, I don't like writing long reviews even if I love the game. But even if this review is lost with other short reviews, I need to say this game is great. I feel promise for you guys at Team Niche. The gameplay is dang good, albeit pretty challenging. The graphics aren't 10/10 but I've played games that are waaay worse. (Trust me.)If anyone who comes across this game enjoys exploration, challenges, and cute creatures, Chances are, you'll like this game"
,Not Recommended,440650,34685042,Posted: 2 September,all,Neko-Nomikon,"The game is a great idea, but it's poorly executed. Which is a shame, since I'd wanted it since I first heard of it's EA launch. The whole premise is to basically go from similar island to island gathering food, nesting material and mating with others of your species to make a bigger tribe. Sounds good right? Well it would be if there wasn't bugs and a lack of content. I'll tell you of my first impressions as a new player.The game has no working save option in the build for full release. Exiting to menu doesn't save either. Past versions do have this function, but theyAREoutdated.No movement animations for your animals. You don't see them dig, eat, walk or anything. They just glide from one spot to another. Animation is limited to neck bone rotation and the occasional blink of the eyes.The tutorial does a poor job at explaining anything above the bare basics.There is a bug I encountered where my tribe went extinct dispite being 5 members and having plenty of food. I can see this annoying a lot of people when you can't go back to a previous save due to the function not working.""The Port"" is never actually explained. But it's the bit with flowers near the migratory stone. Due to this lack of information you can lose almost your entire tribe.Genes have been greatly simplified. In this, simply collecting/eating something that should kill you is enough to give you full immunity and give you a gene that you'll pass down to your offspring (in the case of the Toxic Body gene). This isn't how immunity genes work in real life, and I understand that it's been simplified because this is entertainment, but if people are getting into to Biology because they find the idea of dominant and recessives interesting then they'll have already been fed false information.The developers aren't opposed to nepotism, and it's relevant just by looking at the achievements list.Storymode has no real story that I can see other thanyou've been taken for lunch by a bird from your island, fight back, are dropped, somehow survive a huge fall and then make your own tribe..Now I'll talk about the aspects of the game I enjoy.There is a great variety of genes that your animals can have and most have their proper benefits. For example, an animal being really big will also be gigantothermic. So he/she retains body heat just by being so large.The art style is really nice. The short cinimatic introduction shed a bit of story on how you got to where you are.Fertility is an issue ingame, which is something that is a must within a genetic simulation game.I can see the title being really good when it gets past it's first stable launch and has a few more updates to expand the genes, animation and other lackluster features.There are multiple different island sorts from what I've read/seen.To conclude, you may enjoy it, but it is really barebones so far for a stable launch. I'd recommend you wait maybe 6 months, and then see what's been added. In all likelyhood it'll be 10 times the game it is now within the distant future. All it needs is more love from the devs."
76561198313283021,Recommended,440650,30963238,Posted: 5 April,all,Calypso,This game is very cute! But more difficult than it seems!
,Recommended,440650,32194555,Posted: 5 June,all,☪♀NameChanger♀☪,This....game its just too beautiful and so relaxing to play. now sometimes it gets a little frusterating on the certain biomes and sometimes even the beginner island is a little hard but when you play the game a lot and get used to it you get the hang of it.I personally think this game should be enjoyed by a lot of people(i recommened it)
,Recommended,440650,30253767,Posted: 28 February,all,Instinct,"I highly recommend this game to anyone interested in strategy, survival, adaptation and especially genetics. You begin the game with two creatures, some are calling Nichelings. Adam and Eve are their names. You must try to breed in the genetics that you think would be best for them to survive in the coming generations. Will you create a pack of berry gatherers? Hunters? Water-breathing fishers? Sneaky explorers? Or maybe all of the above? There are so many possibilities to choose from. I don't ever see myself getting bored with this game."
,Recommended,440650,25622205,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Noshdul,"I was lucky to be involved during the alpha phase of this game, so my actual playtime (through the many massive iterations) is quite a bit higher than the time logged on steam.Niche is a very novel blend of classic rogue-lite survival (think Don't Starve) with clever turn-based management and - true to its title - genetics mixed in. It certainly takes a while to get the hang of it, and to remember keeping track of all the important values - but it's just a really satisfying feeling when you're able to survive anything (procedural) mother nature throws at you.The game evolved a lot during its alpha phase - I've seen it transition from a more board-game inspired title (with a very limited, linear world + progression) over to the much more free-form version that is playable today. The developers really closely interacted with the alpha testers during that phase, a lot of feedback got taken to heart and I feel that the community so far really had a big impact on shaping the game as it is now. Being an early access title, I think that's a very vital part of the equation, and I'm really looking forward to what's yet to come.I can defininitely recommend this game to anyone interested in simulation, strategy, survival and - of course - genetics gameplay. There's already quite a lot to discover, and with the frequent updates so far I hope for much more!"
76561198078827819,Recommended,440650,34971905,Posted: 15 September,all,owleisohos,"This game is amazing.  When I was a little girl, I was fascinated with genetics and heredity.  I used to make up games where you could see the genes of imaginary creatures, then breed them and see how those genes were passed on to their children.  I fervently wished that someone would make that game for real.  20 years later, I got my wish. :)Niche is full of adorable creatures whose genes have a real impact on not only their appearance, but the ways they can interact with the world around them.  Your job is to take control of a tribe, helping them to explore and ensuring their survival as they move from island to island.  Each island has different challenges for the Nichelings to overcome, and the abilities they get from their genotypes will determine how well they can gather food and deal with predators in each environment.There are many, many different ways to survive, so you're not locked into keeping a specific set of genes.  Nichelings use real genetics (including mutations!) and you can use this to guide the direction of your tribe.  Will you breed a tribe of mighty hunters?  Efficient gatherers?  Or maybe you just want your Nichelings to have adorable tiger stripes?  It's up to you!  You can even ignore the mutation system entirely and see what nature gives you.  An individual Nicheling's lifespan is relatively short, so making sure there are children who can carry on the tribe's legacy is an important part of the game.  My favorite part is just watching how the tribe evolves over time and seeing all the changes and mutations that my choices have introduced.If you have even a passing interest in genetics, cute creatures, and survival games, I highly recommend Niche."
,Recommended,440650,25518780,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,diasandro,"Niche,a survival, management, strategy game with relaxing gameplay.I kind of enjoy my 70 minutes of gameplay in this game and would continue to play again later.You have to build a colony of animal and survive as long as you can. In order to do that you will have to find foods, breed your colony, protect your pack from carnivors, explore the island. While the gameplay looks simple, however there is more indepth gameplay you will eventually learn by yourself as you are playing, and it is not that hard to learn the game.If you are new to the game, look at the right bottom and click the ""?"" mark to have a quick start.-THE PACK-With 2 starter of animal (Adam and Eve), you should get them married and get a new pup to expand the pack. When expanding the pack you could later on find new species which gives better features to you (more eye sight, more attack power, more movement, more food gathering ability, etc). By finding these animals with new genes you could get better features for each animal in which will help further in your gameplay.-THE FOOD-For every action of each animal (move, gather food, attack), you will need one food. If you make action without having food you will deplete your health (in which will shorten your animal lifespan). You can collect foods by: finding bushes (1 to 6 berries), killing rabbits (2 foods), or killing carnivores (10 foods). Beware that some bushes has torn and would hurt your animal if you collect it. As foods are scarce, sometimes you will need to move around to find new bushes. Rain will refill all bushes again.-AGE-The animals have 4 stage. Newborn (no action), kid (1 actions), teens (2 actions), adult (3 actions). I am not sure how many nights for each animal to reach adult stage. However once you reach adult stage, each animal would get old and died eventually once the age meter has been full. Every time you hurt your animal, you will shorten the lifespan. Finding animals in the wild would have random stage of age, which sometimes they are already too old and will die in a couple nights.-EXPLORE-You will eventually have to explore the island. By exploring you could find new food source, new nest, new animals, rabbit holes, rabbit, somekind of stone (i dunno what the stone for. prob just blocking the way), and eventually a carnivores. When exploring, keep your eyes on the moving grasses. If there is moving grass, you could find new pack, rabbit (foods), and carnivore (uh oh, nightmare).-MOVEMENT-Animals with higher movement points could move further. Be aware animals with low eye sight would be trouble some to move around by itself (you have to clear the path before moving). It is best to stay with animals with lower eye sight to help them moving around. Moving in pack would also help for faster movement, you could create some kind of movement chain for further movement. Clearing the path will help movement for your animals.-SURVIVING-Survival is not easy. Sometimes it is better to sacrifice some animals in order to survive the whole pack from danger. I sometimes leave 1 animal near food resource while moving the others. Sometimes when carnivore come I would use 1 animal for lure and run away. For thorny bushes, I use the old animals to collect them. Be aware that some animals could get sick, make sure to seperate them from pack or it will spread.-LAST WORDS-As i mentioned above, i really enjoy the game. Survival is hard. Yes, sometimes you will find it very hard to find food source. I even sacrifices 9 out of 10 animals to find another food source, in the end with this 1 last animal I could find another new pack and food sources.Should you buy this game?If you like to play survival game, with management style, yes you should buy it. It is fun. It is challenging. Is it hard? Depends, but the hardship what makes the game fun. In the end it is up to you how will you make your pack survive."
76561198016440615,Not Recommended,440650,25746270,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Squeekit,"I enjoy the premise of this game, but can not in all honesty recommend it until more content is released. Breed, get food, breed some more, get more food, breed, breed..That's it.As the game currently stands, there is no way to change critters names for easy identification, there is no interface to easily compare which animals I would want to breed with whom, and once the population is of a certain size the micromanaging of picking berries is just a bit tedious.So, I would say wait until more content is released or wait for a cheaper price/sale."
,Recommended,440650,31851723,Posted: 19 May,all,Rassy,"I decided to give this game a chance, even as early access, and I'm glad I did. It's simple on the surface, but surprisingly complex the further you advance into the zones. No bugs that I've currently run into and there's enough of the game finished to enjoy for hours. I really hope the devs keep up with this game, and I can't wait to see it completely finished.Do be aware that there is currently no tutorial on how to play the game. I was able to watch a Let's Play, however, and picked up all the basics I needed to keep my tribe alive."
76561198015276640,Recommended,440650,30655784,Posted: 21 March,all,Icewolf,A wonderfully awesome game if you're into breeding and strategy. Love the design and the graphics are pleasant to look at.
76561198123195918,Recommended,440650,26097826,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Sneaky_Z,"Breeds a beautiful Creature*""I will cherish you forever""~ 2 game days later~-every single pup is inbreed--Origional was mauled by carnovors--last female dies of plague--everyone starving-""oh.............. cute!""10/10 would breed again.could use more content and maybe a breeding season feature, or a calendar, or something."
76561198085045064,Recommended,440650,33208082,Posted: 3 July,all,just a renegade angel,"I'm not this in depth review writer or anything, so in short this game is a lot of fun to play. The developers actually care and add new content to the game, which is more than you can say for a lot of early access games. The breeding mechanics are interesting and you have to keep making sure you're not inbreeding the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of your little guys. I'd say the game is a neat concept, I really do enjoy games like these but they're far and few in between, and worth a play."
76561198360257773,Recommended,440650,30067874,Posted: 20 February,all,BlahBlah ;-;,"This game is amazing and beyond belief! When it first came out to some YouTubers such as JessiMew and Seri! Pixel Biologist! I was so excited in following the development. When the update with the water bio happened, I couldn't wait any longer. I bought Nice in January and LOVED it! I've been waiting for the February update ever since!"
,Recommended,440650,33983684,Posted: 2 August,all,babydracolisk,"This game gets more fun with each update, and the creatures are so cute and so diverse what's not to love about it!"
76561198358439534,Recommended,440650,29328889,Posted: 17 January,all,Jacks Shadow,"I love Niche! When I saw the first video of it on Seri! The Pixel Biologist's channel I was hooked. I guess I can say I was there from the start, but I haven't really be able to play until two weeks ago. I've poured half of my free time into playing the game and now I'm finally going to the hard island. I was too excited to play properly when I first got it and I can't wait until the next update! Cracker Jaw and Toxic Body would have to be my favorite genes. Will Fluffy Tail ever have a use? Thanks for reading! I recommend Niche!"
76561198316499620,Recommended,440650,28225655,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Birb,This is an amazing game and its just in early access! I play it so much and it updates so much! I highly recommend you getting this game if you have not already.
76561198285057610,Recommended,440650,34284648,Posted: 16 August,all,Fuzzy,"I have decided to put this review into two parts, short and long. I will be putting the long version first because I am a sadist.Long VersionI'm going to be honest, for me, being obsessed w/ biology is a huge understatement, so it's no surprise I would love a game circling around genetics.In a hundred short hours I've managed to perfect a few tribes and then watch them all die out because they all looked the same and I forgot who was breeding w/ who. Which lead my tribes into an era of sickness that ended in a slow, painful demise.I have however, decided to share the story of my first tribe, which I remember because it ended so stupidly it would be a shame to forget.I thought I was so smart because I figured out that if I was running low on food I could just keep any creatures from doing anything during a turn. Clearly I wasn't that smart. I had one breeding pair left in a situation with no food. Carnivore waltzed in like he owned the place. I stupidly make the male of the breeding pair starve to death by attacking the carnivore. Which resulted in a slow and painful demise for the rest of the tribe. But I made a new save and kept playing because the creatures are adorable.Short VersionDo I recommend this game? Well, not to brag but I chipped my nail last week and only tried to glue it back together with nail gel five times before going back to play Niche. So you tell me."
76561198041602709,Recommended,440650,25518529,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Quadamage,"This is a very interesting and unique take on a survival and strategy. You control a pack of animals and your aim of the game is to survive. No advancing to tribal stage or any direct form of civilization. Just you, your creatures, and all the elements that mother nature has to offer. It's a little hard at first, I had to start a new game a couple of times to spawn at a good location. Your creatures will breed, change, grow, die, and repeat. They only have 3 actions that they can perform on a single day. Each action cost 1 food, so food management is key in this game. You can alter your creatures genes in two ways that I've found. Either by breeding two different creatures with desired genes together (be careful of incest though), or by pulling up a menu of genes that have at this moment in time, two slots. One slot has a 30% chance of occuring in ofspring, and the other has a 10% chance. It's still missing some feature that will be added later on. Such as jungle, swamp, and water genes, as well as ancient genes and the ability to breed hybrids. This game despite being an early access is pretty solid and plays very well, and I'm very eager to see where they take it!"
76561198301623385,Recommended,440650,33111661,Posted: 1 July,all,Pseudonymous42,"I think that the evolution system is fantastic, as well as how it incorporates natural selection."
,Recommended,440650,27912736,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Beanz,"Niche is a really awesome game. One of the most riviting that I own, even though it is still in early access. There are so many things to do and it is definitely replayable. Even once you get the hang of things, the game doesn't get boring as there are still a plethora of things to be aware of to keep you on your toes like carnivores or running out of food or the appearance of the blindness gene. This game is consistently updated, and with each update it gets better and better! Can't wait to see what the future holds for this game!"
76561198091049415,Recommended,440650,27607249,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Miel,Amazing pre released game. It will have a lot of exploration to come and it endures with thrilling moments.
,Recommended,440650,29389309,Posted: 20 January,all,GilmarGirl,This is such a great game. Hours and hours of entertainment. You need it.
76561198088831118,Recommended,440650,25577559,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Hakuzu,"While I do agree with the fact that this game is a bit pricey compared to what it has to offer, its potential is what made me pay the full price for it. After watching gameplays, I was really looking forward to its release, but after a few hours there's nothing much to do except for collecting food and breeding. However, this is an Early Access after all, and I'm hoping to see great improvements and updates in the future.I'd recommend buying the game once they have included more features if you're not sure about purchasing it at such an early stage. I hope developers will see how enthusiastic people are about their game and that they'll work really hard to bring us exciting, new content! It'd be awesome it they introduced different species that can coexist with each other helping and everything.About the game itself, I like how everything seems to blend so well with the rest of the elements. The mechanics are quite simple, so the player can concentrate on other things such as genes, mutation and food gathering, which are the main and vital aspects to bear in mind. The fact that one single bad move can mark the difference between thriving or daying, makes it really thrilling as well.Overall, it's a game that it's different from many others regarding genes manipulation, not to mention that the creatures are really, really cute! As other people have mentioned in their reviews: if you wish to help it grow and help the developers a little bit, please do buy it <3"
76561198379097783,Recommended,440650,31137128,Posted: 14 April,all,luciagee,"I really enjoy this game. Though it can get quite confusing and challenging it's a nice twist between genetic, survival, and board game based games. It really is hard with the short life span on your creatures but  it makes it a fun fast passed games. Here are some pros and cons:Pros:Fun and challengingProductiveNo long waitsEntertainingLots of  updatesCons:Could be too challenging at timesConfusing at times.I'd say this is a good game for the price and will put you out of any boredom! Not to mention this game doesn't require any internet connection."
,Recommended,440650,30463186,Posted: 11 March,all,Zaxorn,"This game is actually pretty cool. I'm kind of tired right now so I can't give a very detailed review.I've been playing for 2 hours total. This game is addicting and not addicting at the same time. I'm kind of a wuss so I haven't tried any challenges yet, but if you're looking for an action packed adventure game, you should probably leave. I find Niche a nice relaxing way to spend my free time. It's a fun way to challenge your brain.As a person who doesn't get a lot of education, it's a good way to exercise my brain. I find that the challenge of the game is making sure you don't screw up. Almost every time I play this, a few hours later I would realize that all of my creatures would be 7 in strength but have no skill in gathering, or vice versa.What I find fun in this game is the breeding, which is the main part of the game. You never know what you're gonna get!It's like opening a kinder egg. But of course same goes for more negative things. I've had carnivores or rogue males take me completely by surprise.TL:DR, in short if you want to relax and give yourself a bit of a challenge, I think this game is definitely for you."
76561198098456380,Recommended,440650,26318772,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Boonahoula,"As of right now, this game is not fleshed out (expected) and is not worth the price they're asking for it. However, I have enjoyed it so far and am hoping that, with some support, they will continue working on this.To date, it's not very complicated. Eat, breed, kill something, eat, breed, kill something, and so on. There's a certain amount of strategy involved to improve and expand upon your genetics, as well as finding a good place to set up ""camp."" But right now, you're looking at maybe 5 hours to unlock all of the genetic options and explore your map. While there is more than one map, the variety isn't enough to offer any real replay value.Overall, a really neat concept and I look forward to seeing how it develops."
,Recommended,440650,28187593,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,shadowonxe,"I really like this game. Just like nature, you can have a good starting area or a bad one, and good or bad genetics. You need to pay attention which I wasn't expecting, but it makes it better. It's a casual style game with a good bit of challenge."
76561198073281931,Recommended,440650,32230246,Posted: 6 June,all,blackeyes22,"This game is honestly so much fun, it's constantly updating and brings new creatures and features into it frequently. Because of it's updates it never seems to be a bore for me or my girlfriend when we play either separately or together. The game offers the ability to just create your own ""perfect species"" or to just make a story out of it for your own enjoyment. It's truly an enjoyable game for those who like to roleplay and even those who don't."
76561198360009722,Recommended,440650,33569324,Posted: 15 July,all,Pastel the fur fluff,"Niche 0.5This update is absolutely amazing!The new graphics quality, art and positioning of everything suits so much better now! I find the new patterning system fairly interesting, as I have gotten several same-coloured patterns and furred creatures!( this made me per say a little mad, but only because they all had patterns I hadn't seen yet!)  About half an hour into the game the white and light brown (white being base fur and the light brown being the pattern) ended up being the norm of my mall tribe (which consisted of around 20 creatures) I especially enjoyed the new thrill of encountering a new stranger, because now all of them are more unique! I mean, they were all great before this update but- I'll be honest- their base fur usually impacted what they looked like. Majority of the white strangers had the swimming set, brown creatures usually had stinky tail, fang or spiky body ect. But now, with the exception of a few base things,  their patterns vary, their fur colour is rarely repeated per island ( because I usually see combinations, like white + brown = light brown, white + black = gray so they usually dont ever have any repeats! I have to come back to the graphics - they are utterly flawless! Like always, though these ones just strike me as more interesting- more realistic per say- and the art of all of the mutations, sight, sniffing, gathering ect. is amazing! I love the thicker buttons too- it is so much easier to see them. And the crossbreeding! I havent yet come across the bearyena and I dont really want to until I have a few females / males, sturdy food, a good nest area, maybe a few acorn trees- but it excites me to know that it's now a possibility! Now, before I bore you (which I probably already have done- sorry!) I'll finish it off here. The mutations! putting it at 50% each, I found I could ensure with 100% to have a specific gene (such as blue eyes, or a certain feature like normal eyesight, cracker jaw, digging paw, ect.) and I am not sure whether this is a glitch or put intentionally through the game. But the mutations are in a much better placement too, and to have it not ensured to all creatures, but one, adds in for so much variety. And I lied. One last topic will be adressed. The healing plants! Now, I find this especially interesting. I haven't come across one yet, nor have I come across the sickness, same gene or anything.( I am especially interested to find if the sickness of same gene mutation can be cured ) though I think this addition has been long awaited.It somehow annoys me that (1) Only creatures with claws can use the powers, which, from all I can guess only heals them, (2) It isn't found in the snowy mountaints - where sickness is most common and (3) that I probably can't farm it. I've read an article and apparently I cannot have my creatures in vision of the plant which will cause a drama of not seeing a small area and getting paranoid some predator will come by and eat all my creatures xD.But yes, great job on the update and keep it up!"
76561198230085984,Recommended,440650,30857102,Posted: 31 March,all,Plantinator,"Played it for over 36 Hours and i really like it! First off, thankyou for creating this game i think is really orginal and love the new updates that you guys adjust. There are some bugs i walk into sometimes, when i switch the genes it sometimes stays in my screen when i close it and it won't go away until i restart the game, this is not really a bug but if i change a gem you don't see it changed on the family tree or when you click on the animal. But rather then that i really enjoy the game, it's definetly not a expensive game and totally worth the money! and i am so excited to see future updates! (:"
76561198120168869,Recommended,440650,25676310,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,cheetahferret,"For a game so early in development, this game is absolutely amazing. It has great potential. This is probably the only recent, really fleshed-out game about evolution and animals surviving that I've seen. Already, it's much better than Spore, one of the sources of inspiration the developer cites. The game has various traits that are very important, and in just about an hour of gameplay I've already seen plenty of diversity among the creatures. It's quite challenging, too. I'm very excited to see the game as it's being developed, it looks like it has great potential."
76561197985289519,Recommended,440650,29329220,Posted: 17 January,all,Bastiat,"Wonderful game, very clever and intuitive. Amazing population genetics playground, can't wait for content to keep being added."
76561198047540254,Recommended,440650,25593386,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,StardustLuna,"Pretty simple gameplay at the moment. As an early access game there aren't any settings to really choose from. After a few hours it becomes somewhat repetitive and monotonous as there isn't a lot to do besides hunt and breed. However the game seems pretty solid at the moment and it will only expand as more updates are released until the full release early next year. The visuals are pleasing and some of the crazy genetic combinations get a chuckle or two. The $19 price tag is a little high for an early access game, but I believe it was set that way as a mean to give support to the developers as they finish the game.If you are looking for a more complete game with more substance, then wait until further updates or next year.If you are simply curious and want to support the developers, then by all means purchase it now. Either way I feel this will be a good game that will carve out its own niche on Steam...no pun intended."
,Recommended,440650,25648145,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Kirbstering,"I went in expecting something simple, and came out pleasantly surprised. Despite still in Early Access, there is a good amount of gameplay, customisation through genetics, and potential for a fantastic game. And that potential is what excites me about this game. I don't often purchase Early Access games, yet this is one I could not resist.If I had to make a couple of suggestions for what I would like to see in the future (and without having looked too much on posts about future plans)...1. More species for both the playable races and the predators. Perhaps something along the lines of a reptilian race with different traits to the current furred species? That would excite me.2. More biomes. I would love to explore various different environments to add to the replayability, on top of different strategies needed to survive.I truly am looking forward to see what this game has down the road, and cannot wait to play it when it is complete!"
76561198068027263,Recommended,440650,29092134,Posted: 7 January,all,Riiko,"I am extremely impressed with the updates for this game. It had started to get a little stale when I first bought it, but now with all these incredible updates it's a lot of fun again. I can't imagine how much better they'll make it in the future."
76561198303326086,Recommended,440650,33688077,Posted: 20 July,all,NeroDinosaur,"Already 200 hours into this game, Love that it's getting regular updates. From earlier versions i'm glad it was simple at first because it's easier to survive. But Because of the new updates with the new islands and mutation menu (i like the latest 5.0 beta dayum) Even cross-breeding with a Bearyeana is a suprising and cool addition, it be awesome to cross with the other beasts, but you need to level the playing field if that becomes a thing right?  But here are some small things that can be improved.- Family tree : I'd like to see a clearer branching and easier tracking of individuals.And what i mean by that is, If i click a creature in the play field and then click on the family tree, the tree will zone in on the specific individual i had originally clicked. That would be so much easier play experience.As for tree branching, Is it possible to Have numbers to be alongside a generation to indicate which generation is it? , or say we can assign family rank like cousins, uncles, half- siblings. Or add our own Family description somewhere on the Tree.  Or somehow have a system that auto-matically assigns these titles. Also adding Seperate parties in the same clan. Just my 2 cents.other thoughts:  Maybe tree climbing genes?  To get at those bird nests muahhaha. or those falling fruit.a new predator like monkeys stealing youngest babies or nest material  .We can have a fruit pile , for drawing in prey, i know it works that way for meat. or a fruit bush already draws in prey. but how bout we can manually place one .Island hop: maybe encountering other clans.. or small rougue bands, new communication system , friend or foe,wandering males are either heaven sent or a nuisance depending on a situation but if we meet a clan they might not easilly just mate with every female in our clan. unless its a rogue band of males. 8((((  another 2 cents 8)"
76561198337689740,Recommended,440650,32789073,Posted: 25 June,all,Spooky'Tater,"This game is SO fun! It's very calming too and my sound doesn't even work. You should start off with Adam and Eve (this isn't a spoiler), in the alpha version Eve will be a better collector and Adam with be a better fighter. Now that it's updated they are both randomized and the graphics are more beautiful. WARNING: If you are sensitive to young animal death or sorrowful moments this game might make you cry. But you will notice, this game can make someone's heart grow bigger. It's very sweet, calming, and explains the circle of life. And especially why you should be grateful you aren't those animals. Here are the pros and cons:Pros:-Great graphics-Enjoying gameplay-Different biomes to travel to-Adorable animals!-Heart warming-Fairly challengingCons:-A bit too random-If you're sensitive to losing a lot this game will make you angry-Idk i'm probably just bad-I can't think of anything-This game is to good to be true-Help me think of more cons pls"
,Recommended,440650,26461827,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,chemi,"I have been watching Jessimew's playthroughs and Niche looked amazing, even in the earlier stages of being released into early access. I hadn't seen any of the later updates until I played the game for myself and I'm so happy I did. I can't wait to see this game update and evolve!Quite addictive - don't be surprised if you lose time playing this!"
,Recommended,440650,26443614,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Humming_colors,"I love this game.The style is unique and the gameplay is well-rounded for an early access game. There are already a variety of genes available and even more to mutate. Niche requires some, yet not an exceeding amount of strategy; to conserve enough food and find it, effeciently kill predators, and to breed healthy cubs into the pack.Not only is Niche itself a very engaging and challenging turn-based game, but the developers update consistently and listen to what their early access players have to share."
,Recommended,440650,30863919,Posted: 31 March,all,Crystal Ace,"Honestly, I would say this game is one of the best I bought in the past year. If you like science, animals, family trees, and genetics this game is awesome. When I first watch Seri and Jessimew first play this game, I was in love with it. Now I cannot wait until they release other new updates and such."
76561198094028055,Recommended,440650,26111509,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,CreepyMooZ,"Very good for a genetics game, I've actually looked for something like this when I was younger and wanted to have puppies becuase I couldn't breed my dogs and make real puppies XD but genetics are very intresting and fun to play around with. This game is certainly on the right track however it needs a lot MORE. The replay value is kinda limited to however long you can survive, which is okay. Never the less it would be nice to have a event or two pop up randomly, giving the player a opportunity to either die or thrive. It would also be very nice if there was a wider range of skins and add ons like fluffy feet, or curly tails, just little things that you may get in one game and something all together different in the next, even giving us unicorn horns would be awesome. Some events that open easter eggs would be nice too, as in being able to turn your guys pink or bright blue. . . . be kool to have differnt a attacks too <XD there is just so many things they could do with this game!!! Even changing up pack habbits so there can only be one male or the couple pair for life and they have to build nest and dance and stuff!!! Man I'm expecting waay too much >.<Love the style of the game, really hits you in the feel when you forget to feed them and they scream and die, I really hope they continue to add more stuff and gameplay. I read that theres going to be a family tree so I'm looking forward to that.Sorry long post and bad english"
,Recommended,440650,25557403,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Munchie,"Niche is a unique strategy game where the goal is to breed your animals & make your tribe stronger through genetic mutation. This game feels like a turn based style with charming graphics & adds a good concept, Genetics! Something we all should of learned in biology class.You start next to a bush, a nest & 2 animals. The interface is easy. Click on the animal. It tells you what its name is, its gender, its abilities & its genes. These genes will help you when breeding. If you'd want to name them, you can't! Some of the names I've come across are dumb. VanVanVan is one of them. The white line that's above your animals name is their LIFEBAR. If your animal gets sick, gets attacked, you starve it or your animal eats berries from a thorn bush, you'll shorten your animals life & the damage shows up as a red bar.The game gives you an unfinished tutorial  that doesn't include the controls. Took me 5 hours to discover how to turn the camera Q & E. Zoom is R & F. On the bottom right side of your screen you'll see a DNA icon. This was never explained but i call it PLAYING GOD. You get a chance to add 2 genes to your animals & put them on the 10% & 30%. If you mix & match some genes, a green color will appear saying you can unlock a new gene. Eventually one of your offspring will make a new gene.The animals have action pendants on their chests. You can preform 3 actions per day for each. Each stage of life is different. Babies only have 1 action, teens have 2 & adults have 3. There are 4 different actions you can preform. Gathering, Moving, Making Love & Attacking. You need to spend FOOD POINTS for each action. These are located at the bottom right of your screen with a apple icon. You will also find new animals to breed within the bushes that will generate in Niche so your tribe can avoid having incest.  For the actions, you can attack a carnivore to shorten its life & try to kill it for its meat before it kills you, gather the meat afterwords from your kill (you can kill bunnies too), you can gather berries, you can attack the bush for more berries but the bush never regenerates, you can make love & move your animal. The next day button is located on the bottom right side.In the Ability section of each animal, there will be different abilities. The ones to note are Speed, Strength & Collecting. The number next to the ability will determine how much you can move, how much attack power you'll do & how much food you can collect. Not every animal will have speed, strength or collecting. If your animal only has collecting & not strength, that means it can only collect berries. It can't attack. Attackers can't gather either. Some of your animals will be able to have both of these abilities.GENES! Please take the time to look at each one of your animals genes. I found out if your animal has white eyes, they're blind & will not be able to go out & explore on their own. If there are no other animals around them, the spaces will begin to go dark the further out your blind animal goes, preventing it from traveling to spaces you've previously discovered or want to discover.Overall this game is great to play & they'll be adding new features like a water feature where you can probably swim in the future to different islands but developers please take notes. If you can't have a decent tutorial explaining the gameplay, the controls, how genes work, then your players will find this game too difficult to understand & stop without seeing its full potential. So I Recommend it in its early stages because i can see this game going far. If you want to support it, buy it."
76561198237105564,Recommended,440650,35236696,Posted: 26 September,all,XxSkellyBellyxX,"I originally purchased this game for my four year old son, who is amazed with genetics and animals . He was very mad when his species died out, he smashed his  laptop and bawled his eyes out. Lucky for him we got him a much better one haha! I wanted to try the game and Ive never had this much fun in my whole life. My son and I have our own little world with 18 niches! We love to play this game when he comes home from preschool and devote all our free time together playing it. Ive only recently purchased this game but already we are both in love!"
,Recommended,440650,25523675,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,FlashyKarrot,"I just missed out on the kick starter and now own the game. It is a great game however would be better if it integrated a score system. For example how many days you survived before losing your species, or how far you expanded your area, etc. Just so you can follow a goal. This is Early Access however and it is very promising."
,Recommended,440650,32752332,Posted: 24 June,all,Sass,"I was initially skeptical of Niche, but after a bit of playing I've found it to be a very realistic take on the workings of genetics in a game and how they influence a species, put together in a cute and entertaining fashion. It is always a challenge to try to balance the genes and needs of your creatures, and I look forward to further development of this game."
76561198405706360,Recommended,440650,34003675,Posted: 3 August,all,Night Owl,"Hi, I played Niche for a couple of hours, and i fell in love with the breeding system and how you could give your your creatures different stories and namesso i implore you to play this game.P.S.Developers, there is a glitch where my creatures spawned with umfamilier patterns but when i looked at their genetics, it said that they had no pattern. and, a couple of turns in, they were multicolored with bright pinks and greens, kind of what the shine of a bubble looks like.so you guys should get on that ;)"
76561198332586333,Recommended,440650,33191674,Posted: 3 July,all,RetroRoyale,One of the best games ive played.Cant wait for the full release!
76561198083233921,Recommended,440650,25576427,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,endervictorious,"A fun game about breeding that follows generic genetic guidelines, the game has decent amount of replay value however beware that to make a successful breeding farm takes about 5 hours in the current form, (unless you get a horrible start or have no idea what you are doing) and after that is just the grind to either explore more of the map or make a new save file. This game is in extremely early alpha as i write this though so I cannot wait to see how it develops further.The core concepts and execution are excellent and all that is left is to embellish the product with greater variety and purpose."
,Recommended,440650,35310200,Posted: 29 September,all,ElliotB,Better than Spore.
76561198054631909,Recommended,440650,35301972,Posted: 29 September,all,xTheLightx,"Watching this game grow from a little sapling to a tree was amazing, and the fact they kept listening to their fans while doing so was amazing. The game itself is a bunch of sciency sort of fun  but can be VERY complicated for first time players. While there is a tutorial I would HIGHLY suggest watching someone who knows what they are doing play it first so you don't constantly kill your little nichelings. Jessimew on youtube is super helpful in that aspect. I had a blast with this game and don't let the initial confusion deter you, its a lot of fun when you get the hang of it."
,Recommended,440650,26051395,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Kate,"This game is so young; you can definitely tell that it needs a little more work. That being said, this is the game I have been waiting for since the original Zoo Tycoon or Spore games. You have significant control over mutations and total control over breeding, allowing you to create pretty unique populations of these critters. You can create such specific populations or you can let things develop randomly; either way, it's a ball to watch. I am anxiously awaiting more content updates as the game is a little basic right now, but I see SO MUCH potential. Love love love this game! <3"
76561198105300759,Recommended,440650,29334552,Posted: 18 January,all,Azwraith,I love this game. Show not only having brains or being strongest you need to adapt to the environment if you want to survive.
76561198345789608,Recommended,440650,29965569,Posted: 16 February,all,Lykrai,"I just bought this game yesterday and wow it's quite good! Such a great game and you can see that there is so much they can add. Think of all the possiblitys. If you are into nature,animals or just science I belive you should buy this wonderful game"
76561198143272052,Recommended,440650,25535410,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Mr. Mayo,"Before I start I want to say that you are not buying a 20$ game, you are investing 20$ into a concept that has potential. What your getting is a demo, a damn good one, but a demo non the less. The current build is not worth 20$, however I do see how this could become a game worth that. The concept they have of genetics and passing genes from one generation to the next and how to breed your creatures well, this concept works. It works well, I often becamee attached to my dudes and felt very sad when they died, weather from predators or old age. Maby this games resonates with me more because family ties and ancestry are very important to me personally, but it does the game credit. I am interested to se what else will be implamented into the game, and I certainly hope the developers finish the game, this has potential, so if you read this all the way through, if you trust the devs, I do recommending investing. The game is fun, and addicting, its not bad at all, though 20$ is a very steep price."
76561198277649665,Recommended,440650,26187573,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,mmnutt31,"This game is sooo fun. I love the graphics and gameplay, I went and bought a steam card just for this game. I 100% recommend this game. My computer sucks so it's a bit laggy, but this game is worth it. I hope others enjoy it as much as I do."
,Recommended,440650,25610077,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Yamirose,A type of game I've been waiting for a long time!So far it has been very fun to play and I can't wait to see how it will develop in the future :)
76561198093775067,Not Recommended,440650,35190058,Posted: 24 September,all,evilblowfish,"I don't normally buy games for £10+ but this sounded like a lot of fun. However after giving it two hours I've requested a refund as it really didn't live up to my expectations.I thought this would be like spore with lots of colourful creatures, but you always start with the same foxes and can slowly breed and change them a little (at random, depending on the genes it starts with) but that is just a different colour fur or horns or something cosmetic.I'm sure some people would enjoy this, but for me the changes were too small and it just didn't feel like I was making much of a difference. Maybe if I'd picked it up cheap in the steam sale I'd have stuck with it longer but for the current price it's not worth it."
76561198025778983,Not Recommended,440650,35168075,Posted: 23 September,all,kickice82003,"Have only been playng this a short while, but a couple of things stand out...1) And this is a big deal...WTH is with all the grass? The creatures are completely shrouded in grass! Can't see them or anything in the grass for that matter. Different view modes don't help and seem unecessery. It really takes away from the point of the game, which is to breed little critters for different traits, if you can't see the results without wasting turns to clear brush.2) Camera views - see above. I'm constantly trying to manuever the camera to see where / how many little beasties I even have. You can tab over to your next critter, which you will need to do b/c you'll never find it by just looking. In the end though, the control of the cameras is wasted b/c I have to keep the camera in a very small window above the map just to see stuff. Zooming in to see the critters up close only shows you how much more annoying the grass is. Zoom out enough and you'll see a tree. Cool. Except that the clipping plane on the camera cuts out the top of the tree when you're in the ""sweet spot"" so you can actually tell what you're doing.3) You'll end up playing the game by solely looking at icons (move, collect, etc) because you'll have no idea what is on an adjacent tile just by looking - due to the bad grass component of this game.  Seriously, the grass is making this nearly unplayable. If you must keep it, give the user an option to reduce opacity or something. The game doesn't need grass to obscure the map. Ever heard of Fog of War? Look at ANY other turn-based strategy. Just cloud the areas out of the creature's ""sight"". Right now, the damn beast could have sight +100 and it wouldn't matter b/c YOU THE USER can't tell grass from a critter. Bushes once they are found - can't actually see them. or know they are there. I need to use icons to tell what is on a tile that is not in the fog and is right next to my creature.4) What is with the bird constantly blocking the camera? Bad. The bis shows up and now I have to move the camera to see the board.I wish I could post a screen shot so you can see the grass covering everythng. So bad.Other than that, I like the game. I hope you fix this grass issue or I won;t be able to play this too much longer I fear. I can;t be the only one who has mentioned this. I am very surprised the game made it a year in early release and this game device is still in the game."
,Recommended,440650,31426591,Posted: 28 April,all,novamouy17,Soooooo Cuuuute!!!!
,Recommended,440650,31329310,Posted: 23 April,all,ShokubaiYuuki,"Love this game. Involves genetics, strategy and turn based. I admitt, im not a pro on it, but i love none the less. Cant wait for the next update :D"
76561198116812911,Recommended,440650,31162009,Posted: 15 April,all,kaitymarx,"To begin this review, I want to say that I legitimately NEVER review anything... until this game. I've been waiting for something like this to come out since my beloved Creatures faded into obscurity years ago. The basic premise of the game is: Starting off with two little critters, grow your tribe, strengthen the genetics of your animals, and try not to starve or get eaten by predators. Simple, and super addictive! It's so much fun to micro-manage your little guys while bearing in mind that they only have so many ""moves"" per day. The in-game mechanics are a little tough to pick up at first, as it's a very new and as-yet-unfinished game. The team is still actively making updates and restructuring, so there are some small glitches here and there (although, in the hours I've put in, I really didn't notice very many at all). They are still working on a full tutorial, but anyone dedicated enough to put in like a half hour to learn the controls is in for a major treat. Bottom line, I am so thrilled. There has been a hole in the market just waiting to be filled by a game like this for years, and the attention to detail that the team who is creating Niche are putting into this makes it charming and engaging. Thank you Niche team! I am so excited to see what new features you add to this wonderful start :)"
76561198052431214,Recommended,440650,26637042,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,s-n-s,"I really like this - it's a very interesting take on a turn-based strategy game.The animals that you breed are cute and interesting and the environments, although basic, already look good.I think the game could benefit from having an overview screen where you can sort your animals by traits to make it easier to plan ahead for breeding, particularly when planning to move ot the next level and figuring out which of your pack to take with you.I haven't made my pack extinct yet, so I don't know what happens, but perhaps returning to your previous level with the pack that you left behind to see if you can breed in some more suitable traits now you have advanced warning of what the next island contains?"
76561198335126195,Recommended,440650,26639372,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,ms.britbrit321,amazing. the NEW UPDATE IS AMAZING. ITS WORTH EVERY PENNY.
76561198353783194,Recommended,440650,29075050,Posted: 6 January,all,TrainWreck,Great game. Though in a few hours I have noticed many glitches. The first one is that some of my brown eyed spit snouts(Only the brown eyed ones for some reason) have had no pupils to thier eyes. The secong one is that one of my creatures has VERY strange eyes. They look like goat eyes and I have never seen that. Third one is that my creatures keep spawning in cactuses when I travel and I could go without that. Other wise really great game. Please fix these glitches and this game is great for early access.
76561198337930355,Recommended,440650,26166829,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,granny_tequila,"I love it!!!!!!! I have been playing this game for 5 hours, and it is so addicting.It's fun, easy to play, and strategic. I really enjoy working with genetics. I do wish that there was a family tree, camera rotation, option to change names, more animation, more options for food, a way to take off some damage, and more traits. It's a bit pricey for early access, but I will definitely buy the full version when it comes out."
76561198069686903,Recommended,440650,33641735,Posted: 18 July,all,SpawnOfDork,"I got this game on a whim.It's actually a ton of fun. I primarily use it to teach myself to plan ahead and think things through.I ♥♥♥♥ it up a TOOOOOON, but it's no big deal just start a new island.It's fairly easy to learn, though i'm a little too scared to go to the larger islands (Ice, jungle, hard mode)I love it."
,Recommended,440650,31989290,Posted: 26 May,all,Celuu,"If you like Science and Genetics games this is a good game for you! Filled with cute animals that can mutate genetics. Lover of science and anatomy gamers must have. The game goes into such depth it brings up sickness, bad genetics( ex. hemophilia, blindness), as well as inbreeding and gene pools. Entertaining and fun to survive using intellectual thinking and strategy.Pros:Different levels of game playBeautiful art with soothing sound trackIs always keeping you on your toes and making you think aheadCons:Don't get to attached to a tribe because still in beta. Sometimes when updates happen you lose a save file."
,Recommended,440650,30646410,Posted: 20 March,all,Sarcastic Lynx,Niche is a wonderful game about cute creatures and their survival. The game is currently still in development and always bring something new to the game that really help it grow. The development team are hard working and always listening to their community about what changes should be made so that everyone has the best experience. You most definitely need to strategize for each island and being a little careless can spell trouble for your creatures for many generations. Of course bugs still occur but with patience and letting the dev team know they will most definitely address each problem with a smile. You can play for dozens of hours and with different play styles and not get bored despite it being a bit repetitive. I can never wait to try out each new gene and see what becomes of my little family! A truly great learning experience and it will keep you busy for weeks!
76561198253176275,Recommended,440650,28604481,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,dylanminer,"I love this game so much! when I saw it on youtube I instantly went to buy it,I reccomend this to people who like genetics and mutations(witch I am one of them)and also just reccomend it to people who want to have fun."
,Recommended,440650,26005463,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,CheekyPeach,I love this game.
76561197962505717,Recommended,440650,29442141,Posted: 23 January,all,NoF3aR82,"Daughter wanted this one after watching some one on YouTube playing it.She absolutly loves the game.  Seen some comments about not being easy to play or move around the map ??? She is 9 and has played 14hrs so far on it.  She loves being able to bread and create new animals.  She would give it a 10 out of 10.Me  on the other Hand,  I'm not in to games like this,  Just not my cup of Tea really.  Gave it a try played a little while (Had to ask 9 year old what the hell I was suppose to do as no instructions lol) Getting to that age where I need a guide for this type of thing.Pros: 9 Year loves it and finds it a very easy game to playCons: If you dont know the game or seen a video its not easy to play for about the first 20 mins but does not take much to get use to TBH."
76561198051854304,Recommended,440650,35312511,Posted: 29 September,all,Commander Ryn,"I have been playing since this game was in EA and due to the developers being super attentive to feedback and active within the community, I'm happy to see it finally come together. If you're unsure if this game is your cup of tea, I would suggest getting in on sale. If you're looking for something to unwind at the end of the day or a rough match in something PVP, then I think it's worth it regardless.This isn't an extremely difficult or challenging strategy game. It's cute, simple, and usually pretty relaxed; I say usually because once you've done some traveling to the other islands, the environments and predators can make keeping your nichelings alive a bit trickier. The variety of traits you can get from the environment, hybrids, or prehistoric finds keep it interesting. It also helped me scratch that Creatures/Spore itch pretty well.I'm kinda hoping they release an expansion or two with more traits/islands or maybe expand on the story to make it more substantial, but for what it is, I thoroughly enjoy it, would recommend it, and am excited to see what else the developers can put out in the future."
76561198122244579,Recommended,440650,35309232,Posted: 29 September,all,stateofjade,"GAMEPLAY (9/10)PROS-My glob, is this game FUN.-It's challenging without putting too much pressure on you.-They finally added a family tree and it helps so frickin' much. It was so painful before.CONS-Often, once one generation dies, the rest soon follow.-You really cannot be hasty AT ALL with this game.AUDIO (9/10)PROS-Such a cute soundtrack!CONS-The sounds don't always line up, but it's not *too* distracting.GRAPHICS (7/10)PROS-Okay, super adorable design.CONS-Little choppy at times.OVERALL (8.5/10)"
,Recommended,440650,33648922,Posted: 19 July,all,popeefox,"I'm addicted. A friend recommended this game to me. Interested in the funny trailer and charming advertisement of the game, I decided to take it for a spin. I haven't been this hooked on a game in a long time. I find myself sitting down and playing it for hours at a time. There's always a new gene, a new pack member, a new challenge. Though stimulating and interesting, this game isn't stressful; the pretty atmosphere and calming background noises are quite relaxing. I can't see myself ever getting bored with this one."
76561198296409734,Recommended,440650,32379706,Posted: 12 June,all,jade.francis312,"okay congratulations on the full release, it came out on my birthday so that was very nice to see^^overall though, I have to say that the game is a pretty hard down grade from the quallity of the beta versions. I think negatives should come first. Let's start with the cutscene at the very beginning of the story mode. That was new to this version and i was pretty excited to see some plot...but it never played properly. In fact it didn't play at all for me and jumped straight to the starting island with Adam and the tutorial. The first few seconds of the animation looked nice at least? I hope you guys get to look into it so it plays completely. I love the soft water and oil paint artstyle you guys settled for so i'm really hoping. The first thing I noticed when the isalnd spawned in with everything was how much lower poly and unstable everything looked. All prior versions had much higher detail in all models and textures. The grass had sharper and more realistic shading, there were trees to break up the landscape(which didn't interrupt play very much to be honest) and the ground no longer looks like a glossy surface playing board like it used to. The ground is an especially disturbing change. It now looks like a series of janky green models stuck together and was labeled the floor. the edges of many of the hexegon tiles have white seam lines that show tiny bits of white space poking through from somewherer. presumably unused space underneath the stage model. This problem also applies to some creature models. I only noticed it in fully black or nearly black creatures so far. Next I'd like to talk about the ""passing day"" animation.  it's very jumpy and takes a few seconds to figure out what everything should be doing. Especially when on rainy days. It's like the game traded in it's polish for a pretty title screen and non-functioning cutscene:pOn the positive side, the breeding has gotten much more satisfying. Identical creature occur much less frequently and random mutations are slightly rarer and more isolated, making it more managable to get a strong dominant trait going. Plus lots more gorgeous patterns and colors beyond natural fur colors. Story was a nice addition even if I only got like 2% of it from the broken cut scene. I'd like to see that developed beyond the tutorial, please. Maybe missions or something?I get the feeling something went wrong with development shortly before it's full release, so i'm willing to give it the benifit of the doubt that it will improve with further updates soon. It still has a lot of potential."
76561198363349280,Recommended,440650,32352728,Posted: 11 June,all,kilgorejul2012,"I love this game! I just wish there was a sandbox option, where you could start with a selected amount of food and stuff! I highly recommend it!"
76561198334928651,Recommended,440650,35351878,Posted: 30 September,all,Quickfur,It is worth every penny!! I have 300 food and 30 creatures and I am having a blast playing this. Reccomend for sure!!
,Recommended,440650,35400226,Posted: 1 October,all,Taliferrue,This is a good game for times when you want a low stress experiance. Over all the game play is fluid and fun. I enjoyed discovering new breeds and mixing them up. It was a bit hard learning what all the buttons meant and how best to breed the critters.  I do wish the tutorial was a bit more robust. It left alot to be discovered on your own.
76561198002450835,Recommended,440650,35344845,Posted: 30 September,all,Nutlaw,"Reminiscent of EVO or Spore in some aspects, though set up as a turn based strategy game. The gameplay itself is fairly simple, as you move around and find different ways to acquire enough food to survive and fight off other creatures or environmental extremes. The fun is obviously in breeding animals together in order to provide you with animals better able to adapt to their surroundings. There's a strong amount of variety in the different types of genes available, which you control to some extent by selective breeding, inviting wild creatures into your pack, and through small amounts of manual choice. Acquiring new environments and unlocking genes that you can steer animals towards keeps things fresh. Lots of fun for someone interested in biology."
76561198308212421,Recommended,440650,31095591,Posted: 12 April,all,skystar26,"I originally learned about this game from my favorite YTer, Seri! Pixel Biologist! For just watching it from demo, I wanted to play it and enjoy it. And now that I do have it, I play it almost 24/7 because it's awesome! So I definitely advise getting it."
76561198346486818,Recommended,440650,31635292,Posted: 8 May,all,lilywolf is gone forever,I would say this is a great game if you have free time. And yes it does take a bit of work but it still is fun :D. The only thing I would recommed is getting a strong tribe before moving to a diffrent island.
,Recommended,440650,26582509,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Miau,"Lovely game, I had a lot of fun playing and expanding my little pack. After a few generations, micromanaging all the animals does get tedious, especially in trying to keep those immunity genes. Do remember that the game is still in its early stages, so I expect that adding new features, such as genealogy and a way to view animals by genes to find the best breeding partner, would greatly help as you progress through the game. Definitely looking forward to the future of this game."
,Recommended,440650,28906877,Posted: 1 January,all,MysticWolf,"Its just awesome, thats it. The new patterns RULE, hybrids RULE, and I LOVE the new textures! Btw i bred a creature that looked like it was inside out. Tbh he scared me Xd"
76561198167936960,Recommended,440650,32088410,Posted: 31 May,all,NightShade the Biologist,"What I like about this game is that its fun but challengeing, you have to be expert to play this game.I still recommend it though."
76561198392250959,Recommended,440650,34443264,Posted: 23 August,all,Suzi The Biologist,"This is a beautifully designed game, the graffics are amazing and the gameplay is fun, I do recommend it to all people who are looking for a simple-ish Genetic survival game.Although some people may or may not like it this game is very relaxing and cute.The little nichlings are so adorable and I just want to go in the game and hug them :3"
76561198150295707,Recommended,440650,31007468,Posted: 7 April,all,Texx Wolf,I'm loving the new genetics and features :3
76561198337752479,Recommended,440650,28568854,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Leaf the Rainwing,"it wont show me the update for december and i really would like it. otherwise, AMAZING GAME!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198101054964,Recommended,440650,25704889,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,jessann57,The games good but maybe add a tutorial  at he start something like that to start us off
76561198107355198,Recommended,440650,25576592,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,allanabm17,"Absolutely fantastic, exactly what i expected from the trailer and game play i have seen online. Not only did this game meet my expectatinos it well surpassed them. So far the only issue is it crashes when auto saving BUT when you close the game and restart it the autosave has always worked and game play can resume. Defo worth buying it."
76561198169439129,Recommended,440650,25576114,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Deshasperdie,"This game may be in its early stages, but i think its allready better than some other simulators ive played!"
76561198330729887,Recommended,440650,25628903,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,william.dingwl.wd,"Honestly I think the game is really cool, but I'm still waiting for the family tree because I keep on breeding a kid with its mother😑😑😑"
76561198080179215,Recommended,440650,35403715,Posted: 1 October,all,LEMON CAT,"I've put an alright amount of hours into this, and I think it's about time to say what I think about this game.Niche is for exactly the kind of playerbase it says - a niche market. Most people probably will find this game boring or repetitive, and at times, it is. It's a game I like to play when my friends are telling stories or I'm listening to a podcast. It doesn't take much concentration, but still just enough overall to keep me playing.I have still yet to beat story mode, as the game can be surprisingly difficult at times. Mostly it's slowly moving your way through an area and just collecting food or trying to survive, but every now and then there is that panic and rush for more food or a suffient mate to carry on your tribe's legacy. This game is right about making it hard to survive very long, because it's a genetics game. Lots of things don't work. I LIKE that about the game. It makes it feel very important to pay attention to little things in your tribe's gene pool, and you have to consider what needs to change to improve survival. But usually, things aren't that easy. You'll come across a lot of weird future mates in the wild, and have no choice but to try your luck with them. Usually, it ends up in more oddities that need to be fixed in future generations. And don't even get me started on Rogue Males. Please, guys. Leave my females alone. We don't have enough food for more babies that will end up being made Omegas.When I first saw this game my instant thought was ""huh, so this is a furry game, right?"" and yeah. I kinda is. If that is something you refuse to deal with, then I guess this game isn't for you. The way the animals look all together is just very, uh, furry-ish? But I've come to think it very charming, and start to understand why some people who play the game like to add their own lore / story to their tribes.On the topic of adding your own lore, sometimes I wonder if that's how the game is meant to be played. The gameplay is repetitive and kind of dull after a few hours, which makes sense being a genetics game where your goal is to simply survive, but it gets a little stale. I think people add stuff to their playthroughs to spice it up, and that's cool! I'm not so good at assigning random lore to my tribes, personally. Because that one Rogue Male will come up and breed with all of my females, and I'll be at kind of a loss for how I can make that a cool part of my story.This game is, hmm, it's hard to say if I actually recommend it. Since it gets stale and the entire game is VERY much for a niche market (which consists of furries, people who played spore as kids, or a combination of both). For people who are PART of that market, go buck-wild, my friends. It leaves some stuff to be desired, but it's a solid enough game in itself for me to not regret getting it. But I know A LOT of my friends would really not find any fun in the game, and that's important to keep in mind before making the purchase.All in all, it's good enough to keep my attention. I'm looking forward to possble future updates that will spice up the gameplay a bit more. The art and music is fine the way it is, so gameplay is all I'm looking forward to being improved, even if just a little. I think the game would benefit from random events, even if its extreme stuff like ""oh hey look at that, a meteor. Have fun trying to survive that!"". I think the game would be a lot more appealing with that kind of thing added! I personally enjoy the game, so I recommend it, but maybe look into it before you make the purchase."
76561198341504551,Recommended,440650,31894488,Posted: 21 May,all,LuckyRandomness,"I really enjoy playing the game, and would recommend it to anyone who's into genetics and cute graphics! Each update makes the game better and better with more features to explore and enjoy, and less bugs."
76561198325551022,Recommended,440650,34578188,Posted: 29 August,all,gowergirl,"I LOVE THIS GAME! Its amazing how you can choose the direction your new tribe can take, they can be powerful warriors, gentle gatherers, and so much more! And its so cool that it takes time for you to get to a new biome, mutate a new gene, and select the perfect genes for your tribe! I would give it a 10 out of 10!"
,Recommended,440650,25536826,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,corvidous,"This is a highly addictive game. Despite the simplisitic features, it keeps you going as you try your best to let your little tribe of furballs survive more than a few days. Things will get more difficult and you will have moments of doubt about whether or not the creatures will make it through the  night.For pros;-Highly addictive, and seemingly simple.-Adorable graphics, runs smoothly on my computer.-Incoming updates to add more to the depth and gameplay-Can play again and again, with different set ups on the islands everytime.For cons;-There's not too much here for the price tag.-Can be frustrating at times as resources will be scarcer.-Hard to track the age of the animals sometimes, and it's really easy to lose track of individuals when you've got a larger tribe."
,Recommended,440650,25525795,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Mikeymcm1,"Love the concept of the game and can't wait to see the finished product. You can definitely tell that it's an early access game, but it's still very fun to play and it's actually harder than I was expecting."
76561198096050932,Not Recommended,440650,35303358,Posted: 29 September,all,Spades,"This game still needs a ton of work. Like others, I find the tutorial lacking. I have no idea what most of the menu items do as there is absolutely zero clarrification or explanation in game. The help option in the menu originally didn't work for me; now it directs me to a help forum. The help forum is made up of bug reports, so there's nothing  there. I was hoping it would give a sims style tutorial menu on how to play the game. After nearly 9 hours of play, I still haven't figured out how to manage my creatures' genetics or what I'm really doing. Story mode completely lacks objectives to perform. I bought this game after it left Early Access expecting it to be a fully functioning game but it's not. I would suggest waiting for futher updates before buying."
76561198157535876,Recommended,440650,29560640,Posted: 29 January,all,Banamoo,"This game is really amazing. I lose track of time when I'm playing it. It's so addictive! As soon as I saw a video of it provided by the youtuber JessieMew, I had to get it. I love interacting with the characters and having a real connection to the families that are built from it. I can't wait for better and wilder updates in the future. I don't think I can keep up!"
,Recommended,440650,32940171,Posted: 28 June,all,WHy,"A unique turn-based puzzle-strategy game that will delight and frustrate, often on the same turn. Controls can be a little wonky (like accidentally renaming your creatures while moving the camera) and it might seem intimidating at first with the large amount of information presented.9.5/10, would recommend for those interested in strategy, playing with genetics, and trying a unique survival game."
,Recommended,440650,32768524,Posted: 25 June,all,vadder,"I played the 0.4.1 version now for 10 hours. Although being a pre-view, the game did catch me from the start. Playing breeder and in addition care for my creatures has a big addiction in it for me. I think any board game Players will love it too.Pros: The game scores in my opinion with an intuitive control, nice colour scheme, the pace you can control yourselve (with the day shift), and much more.Were it still can get better: Consious that the game is a pre-view, the latest decision to add a story to it and give the game a goal is in my opinion essential for that I will play it over a longer period.Fazit: Definitely a game I can recommend to give it a go."
,Recommended,440650,33161438,Posted: 2 July,all,Oceanwaves,"This game is awesome, fun, and possibly addicting. The creatures are so cute! Also, the game isn't to easy. If your not careful, your tribe can be wiped out from sickness, or you may run out of food. One thing I dislike about the game is how small the starter island is, and how the teleports are the same every time on the one starter island there is. This game seems to never end, unless your tribe goes extinct. The price I payed for the early access was $18.99, and I think this game is worth it!"
76561198262536799,Recommended,440650,33301743,Posted: 5 July,all,KawaiiKitKat,"i really love this game i hadnt played for awhile so alot of updates came and i was a bit confused but i got back on track pretty fast!, this game is definitly a grinding game so if your not a patient person i wouldnt recomend it but its pretty fun either way!!"
,Recommended,440650,32690992,Posted: 23 June,all,tripspike,"It's still early-access and I think I might run out of new content faster than I'd like, but I love the core gameplay in this game right now. It's a creative, Tactics-meets-Creatures style game, which is both novel and challenging. I think the graphics and balance still need some tweaking, but I put in five hours last night and I'm going back for more today. Cool idea, I hope they keep with it!"
,Recommended,440650,26166585,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Twiggish,"This game was very very fun and I can't wait until it gets bigger and has more genes to work with.Cons so far are a lot of the genes dont effect anything yet or really matter. sure blind makes it harder to see but its not really that big of an issue, neither is getting sick. you just breed enough to outweigh the bad"
76561198028810633,Recommended,440650,26175975,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,SpeccyBeccy,"Completed an Island this morning after only one false start which saw my first pack wiped out in a matter of minutes when 4 predators descended on them all at once!! Lots of fun exploring the island, bunnies are frustrating at the best of times, stealing the berries when I forget to collect them for my first move. All part of the game. Really enjoyed having to select the best individuals to breed for the best outcome and the challenge that most of the outsiders present with their usually flawed genetics, which requires you to breed out a trait from your pack.As an early access game, there's not much to do once you've cleared the island, and there's so reward for the accomplishment, which could be a future feature that once you're done with an island, you can migrate to the next with your current pack. However for early access it was a great deal of fun and very addicting. I happened to randomly come across Jessimew's videos on YouTube and after binge watching those, had to purchase the game. I have high hopes for its development."
,Recommended,440650,25867452,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,birbee,"as a bio major and some1 who loves science as a whole id have to say this game is so addictive!!!  right now, im trying to figure out which genes are dominant so far so i can set up a formula to work out different scenarios; because as of right now my herbivores are surviving a lot longer than my carnivores hehe.i CANNOT wait for the full release of this game i know for sure im going to be cheering on the devs every step of the way!!!"
,Recommended,440650,25872917,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Cillinah,"I really like this game so far, although I wish their were more ways to get food other than picking berries. Also, I wish there was an easier way to identify the little creatures. Other than that, great game so far!"
,Recommended,440650,25876557,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Socks the Mighty,"Super fun, though it did become a little boring after I ran out of thing to do. I'm really excited for how this game will develop!"
76561198406236282,Recommended,440650,33618610,Posted: 17 July,all,Michael Phelps,Really enjoying the game so far even though I only downloaded it a few days ago due to a lack of computer. I watched many Youtubers play this game and wanted to play as well. I love the implemented hybrids and new patterns of the creatures. If I could change one thing I would find it helpful to either be able to move the tamed bearyenas or for them not to wander outside my creatures sights as the first one I tamed walked away for a while and was fairly difficult to find later on. Overall I love the game and haven't run into any major bugs. Will definitely recommend to others.
76561198159220733,Recommended,440650,26331726,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Sparkius,"Niche is a Great game, not only is it fun and challenging it also can teach you.Niche is ""composed"" of 2 aspects genetics and survival. The genetics part is what really brings the fun :) there are as of this review 73 different genes (Though some are similar) and 18 gene slots. Most genes (57) change the appearance of the creature and the non cosmetic ones give creatures various abilities to help thier survival. But not all genes are helpful some such as no paw, hemophilia and blind eyes hinder your creatures and now for the most fun part  breeding. Breeding is essentiall for survival but you must choose your pairs wisely because you don't want double immunity creatures running around.Now for the survival, Each creature needs 1 food at the end of each day so you're going to need to balance the amount of creatures you have so you don't starve. This is where your genes come in Strength allows you to hunt prey and defend your self from carnivores, collecting allows you to gather berries, digging for roots, cracking for nuts and shells and fishing for well fish (All food when collected is the same). As i have already mentioned you need to defend your self from other creatures. Depending on which island you are on their will be differentt threats, on most islands their is the carnivore the ""medium"" predator, on jungle and mountain there is the apes and balance bear which are 'Hard"" predators, but you don't just need to defend you self from predators, rouge males will breed from your females (not good) blue birds will steal unprotected children and dodomingos will steal nests."
,Recommended,440650,33494913,Posted: 12 July,all,Stevymcstevyman,Niche: A game about making sure those goddamned carnivores don't eat all ur animals♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off.
76561198156818114,Recommended,440650,26414176,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,slast,Visually looks really neat and the music is on pointIt's not a fast moving game but for the most part it is engaging. The enegry expediture vs food ratio is a little off so you're constantly chasing your tail trying to get enough food and it slows down the game even more. There also isn't a quick way to look at your creatures stats either which makes it tricky to keep track of stratergy. I ended up with all my creatures being one gender...But these at fairly minor bugs that I'm sure are in the next version. Still a great concept for a game and I enjoyed the first couple of hours playing
,Recommended,440650,26413612,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Natasha,Awesome challenging gamei actually came accros niche through youtubesoo as they say curiosity killed the cat (A carnivore named Curiosity)...i decided to check it out and.. Guess what .its exactly my cup-a-noodles  i love cats and i love these genetic gamesi definitly recomend this to others
76561198238822290,Recommended,440650,33439301,Posted: 10 July,all,thorneetheBD,"FIVE STARS ***** :)This game is amazing! I love that you have to survive in certain conditions and that you can get various parts for your animals. This game has so many similarities to real life. Hope they make great things and updates in the future. It was a little pricey for me because I don't get allowance that often, but I managed to get it. This game is addicting and can grab the attention to anyone."
,Recommended,440650,29280474,Posted: 15 January,all,ᔕᑭᗩᖇKY,Niche is a wonderful game the little creatures you control are to adorble.
76561198053917073,Recommended,440650,25673827,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,melissa2013,"I'm very impressed with this game so far. It runs smoothely, the gameplay is challenging, and the visuals are clean (and adorable). If I didn't know going in that it was early access I would think it was a polished game. Anyone who enjoys breeding mechanic and strategies games is going to have a good time finding their niche in this game.I'm definitely looking forward to updates to add new chalenges and genetics to the game."
76561198063848138,Recommended,440650,35108566,Posted: 21 September,all,dragonling62,I have been following this game since its early beta version and I am in awe of how far it has come. The developers have really listened to what players wanted and the results are stunning. The game is absolutely beautiful and a very unique challenge. It's kept me entertained for hours and I'm so excited to continue exploring everything! This is definitely one of my new favorite games.
,Recommended,440650,31933093,Posted: 24 May,all,beaone12345,"I was doing pretty well, then I went to the mountain. I died in 5 minutes."
76561198326863761,Recommended,440650,26110473,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Kitty29,I Love it!!!
76561198155761434,Recommended,440650,35167636,Posted: 23 September,all,Razorwire,"First things first this is a fun game however it has its issuess.1. Unfortunaly the tortuial is crap. It doesnt do a good job of explaing genes, explaining what does what, or showing what the buttons are which is what a tortuial is suppoed to do. To actually find out what does what I recomind watching jessimew on youtube she expalins what does what.2.  The creatures lives are two short(although i admit that this may be a personal problem) to do anything beside breed and ocasnaly explore.3.  there is no active save function(this may just be a nitpick) so all actions are finalhowever despite its issues this is a fun game."
76561198016100725,Recommended,440650,35161340,Posted: 23 September,all,Pvt. Parts,"Not quite what I thought it would be like.It's honestly quite basic, but I had hoped it would be more of issuing commands or pack thoughts, instead of literally telling everyone what to do. To see how the computer would handle your niche, as more of a pure simulation game.Also a better start would be nice. Like getting to actually choose traits and such at the start, with the computer generating how your creature would look.It looked great at first, but it's too much to keep track of and I have too little care to learn.It's a nice game but not something I'd like to play as of its current stage.They really are on to something with this game, but I think they kind of shot off in the wrong direction, I didn't quite appreciate the 4x strategy element to it all, even though I'm an avid fan of the Civ games.I often vehemently oppose the thought of adding multiplayer to games, but I think it could work well in this game."
76561198176962231,Recommended,440650,32096697,Posted: 31 May,all,InsanePotato,"I just spent 30 minutes ranting to somebody about how good this game is and how they seriously need to buy it.Educational, cute graphics, beautiful graphics, requires big-picture thinking, devs that care, did I mention awe-striking graphics?But, seriously. If you like a challenge for your brain, pretty games, and chilled out games that still have some spice to them, throw this at your cart. I refuse to spend another 30 minutes ranting about how good it is, because my dinner is ready, but you guys need to just put that little pointer over  the button to buy this, and click.Trust me, unless you're some nut that hates all things science, or dislikes using their brain, you won't regret it."
76561198284528973,Recommended,440650,35185850,Posted: 24 September,all,jtnkuo91,"This game becomes very addictive very quickly, but it is difficult to understand in the beginning. There's little to no tutorial, save for the mechanics of moving around, getting food, and traveling. It was only after watching a few YouTube videos that I discovered that I could actually choose which genes I wanted to mutate. Even then, I've played through several games, all of which end with species extinction because of pure unluckiness (for example, breeding an endless line of females, so that my male to female ratio was extremely skewed, or bearyenas chomping at my creatures).Three small things - in the tutorial, particularly when you're talking about status effects or the family tree, it would be helpful having some line pointing to WHAT you're talking about. I finally figured out where the family tree button was after three games.Two,  I'd prefer some small tips towards breeding genes/alleles (but that is something I probably could just google).  Two, THE GRASS. Does it have to be so high?! Having it so high makes everything so much harder to see, and scrolling up to change the camera does not help much.Still though, Niche is an awesome game to play. Frustrating, yes, but that's what makes it so addictive. You just want to keep going back in so that you can play it right."
,Recommended,440650,35396735,Posted: 1 October,all,scarlettofsuburbia,"niche is an amazing game 6/5 if i could i got it when they added beaks into the early access game and a big fan of Seri! the pixel biologist so the really  when i got into its full release i didn't give it a chance it wasn't the niche i loved anymore so i put it on the shelf with webs but i thought. hey i did not give this game a fair chance so i played it and really liked it a lot! amazing work dev team ,claps,"
76561198002512132,Recommended,440650,35179722,Posted: 24 September,all,MC Buffalo,"So, like, I haven't played very far into Niche, but I feel like I have a pretty good handle on how the mechanics work in terms of how they're going to be read by the average gamer.Basically, I think there's two ways you can look at the game.  You can look at it as a game that you play to achieve a specific goal, and you can look at it as a sandbox simulation of genetics.  As such, I've split my review into two parts, based on which perspective you're going for.There's also a five-second TL;DR at the bottom if you REALLY want it, but I advise looking over the details before deciding on a purchase.--------------------------AS A GAME:If you ask me to pick what this game'sprimarygenre is, it's definitely survival.  There is no goal in this game save surviving as long as possible, which is accomplished by wandering the wilds looking for food and fighting or avoiding hostile creatures.  Death not only comes easily, it is inevitable, since every creature has its own designated time-based lifespan which is visible on their HUD.  You have to be okay with dying.However, in addition to survival, there's a fairly strong presence of the strategy genre here as well, and it's the main genre informing the game mechanics that make this game different from other survival games.  First, it's turn-based--time won't pass until you tell it to, so no quick reactions are required, you can take your time planning.  To compensate, though, resources deplete much more quickly than most survival games in terms of how long it takes your characters to actually reach resources.  So you don't have to plan quickly, but you do have to plan WELL.The other new mechanic introduced by the strategy aspect is that you're controlling an entire tribe of creatures rather than just a single creature.  The more creatures you have, the more you can accomplish in any given day.  This allows you to multitask.  The idea is that you can have a few creatures focused on gathering resources to outpace/match the rate that those resources are being depleted by the tribe as a whole, and if you can accomplish that, then you're free to send a spare creature or two to go exploring or doing something else entirely.  This is why resources deplete as quickly as they do, and it's why the game can get away with allowing creatures to die of old age--your goal isn't the survival of any individual creature, it's to keep a family going for as many generations as you can.I feel like the game's also a bit like a roguelike in the sense that there is no way you can prepare for every situation the first time you play the game.  Other reviews have mentioned that the tutorial doesn't really explain very much, but I feel like that's intentional--part of the fun in roguelikes is dying in new and unexpected ways, so you know to plan for that your next time through, which allows you to last long enough to see a new enemy and die in ANOTHER new way you didn't expect.  Gradually, you organically develop your own personal strategies to account for all the different possible ways you can die.  You do it on your own, not because the game explained how to do it.--------------------------AS A SANDBOX:If you are totally okay with your creatures dying, then technically this game doesn't have any specific goals at all, at which point the ""genetics"" aspect becomes the central focus of the game.  Congratulations, you now have an edutainment title on your hands!Except it's not really an edutainment title, because it's not meant to be 1-for-1 accurate to how genetics work in real life.  It's more meant to provide a big-picture simulation of how genetics influences survival, reproduction, and consequently evolution and/or death in real-world environments.  The genetics in this game are more about phenotypes than genotypes--and if you understood that statement without needing to look up the words, you probably understand genetics well enough that the way they work in the game will make sense to you.If you DON'T know what genotypes are, then too bad, because the other reason this game isn't really an edutainment title is because it doesn't actually EXPLAIN any of this stuff to you.  If you're planning on interfacing with the genetics in this game in any meaningful way, you will need to come into this game with your own knowledge of certain concepts related to genetics, including (but perhaps not limited to):1. How inheritance works2. How mutations work3. The difference between dominant and recessive genes4. Why males have only one of a certain gene and females have twoIf you don't know/care about any of these concepts, that's okay, you can probably still play this game as well as anyone else.  The reason for this is because, like in real life, you don't really have a whole lot ofcontrolover what the genetic makeup of your tribe is.  You can lean in certain directions, but ultimately you're limited to what's available.  The most effective way to introduce new genes to the pool is to look for creatures to mate with outside of your own tribe, and sometimes you have to take what you can get.  Otherwise, you're limited to sporadic (semi-controlled) mutations and inbreeding--which is a totally viable option if you don't mind halving your creatures' lifespans through autoimmune deficiencies.All this is why I think the game doesn't totally work as a sandbox, though, because the game is toorestrictedto be a sandbox.  In something like the Sims, you have total control over what your character looks like, what their house looks like, who their parents, are, etc.  There is currently no game mode in Niche that lets you do that, and as far as I know, they're not planning to introduce one.  So there's no REAL way to play around and experiment to see the direct correlation between genetics and body makeup.  Instead, you're limited to the other half of the Sims, which poking around to get food, getting bored, and then goading your characters into dying in a variety of creative and horrible ways.--------------------------TL;DR: You may like this game if you are:1. A gamer interested in survival and/or strategy games, and want to see a game that blends the two genres together.2. A science-oriented person who already knows basically how genetics work, but wants to see how it practically functions and influences survival in nature.Ideally, both of the above will apply to you to some extent.  If neither of these things appeals to you, you should probably give the game a pass."
76561198110951014,Recommended,440650,35160492,Posted: 23 September,all,Viper3828,"Love, love, love this game. Been playing it since the old model creatures before there were patterns.How far this game has gone is amazing with how little time has passed (maybe just over 2 years?)Though when antlers became so difficult to obtain in the mutations, it gets to me since the ram horns are no different becides the cosmetics.Anyways, looking forward for the flight genes. Probably the group of genes I've had the most interest in when the kickstarter reached it.I do have to agree that the tutorial isn't very in depth to understand how the genes work or how even to use them (I saw they'll improve it though). And more into depth genes and environmental features would be pleasant and keep the game interesting. Ears for the water would be just one example. They would give only 2 hearing on land, but allow the creature to dive further into the water and sense things underwater. They would appear like an otter ear perhaps. Or a seal ear hole.Of course whales/dolphins are a better example of this type of ear, as their skulls are known for this."
76561198061017764,Recommended,440650,35177139,Posted: 24 September,all,masterofbrine,its hard to stop playing
76561198174212206,Recommended,440650,35166730,Posted: 23 September,all,Dealeia,Love it!!!!!!!! <3 <3
,Recommended,440650,26584567,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,TanTanTheLittleFox,"So good and so addicting. Every game different every time and every creature is better than the last. A very clever consept for a game. Will be even better with a ""family tree"" function or similar.Would highly recomend.Looking forward to new content."
76561198342761659,Recommended,440650,26585283,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,jessie.806.jw,"I have absolutely fallen in love with Niche! I stumbled across a series of it on Jessimew's Youtube channel and just had to check it out for myself. There are so many different possibilities and situations that can play out, I think this game has a very bright future ahead of it! I am excited to see what Niche has in store for players in any future updates. I would love to see the introduction of a wider variety of genes that are harder to unlock, along with more interactable aspects to the environment. Maybe different types of prey and the ability to mesh with wandering tribes instead of just one random creature? I understand that Niche is still being developed, and you guys are doing a wonderful job at molding it into a fully-fledged survival game! <3"
76561198310493408,Recommended,440650,35159622,Posted: 23 September,all,Kennedy.Huff04,"I've been following the development of Niche for a while now (having bought it December of 2016), I am amazed at seeing how the game changed and twisted with the help and advice from the early access people and the hard working developers. I've always liked open ended games open to my interpretation and making stories with my imagination and Niche is a great game for that. Even now when most my creatures have spots each design is different. All in all I absolutely recommend this game if you adore open ended games without much story."
76561198280311615,Recommended,440650,26491152,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,socks2110,I love this game! i have played 6.7 hours so farit does need more features but as its and early access gamei wont complain.10/10 would recommend.keep up the good work developers!
76561198353343333,Recommended,440650,29678752,Posted: 3 February,all,scarlettpenney,"I love this game! its amazing! I even made an amino for it! a place where you can chat and share pictures, gifs, animations, stories, and more! click the link -->http://aminoapps.com/c/niche-amino<3 this game!"
76561198380124544,Recommended,440650,31088810,Posted: 11 April,all,wingsofheavensfall,"I learned of this game from three people. Seri! Pixel Biologist! (YT), JessiMew (YT), as well as Erose (YT). The first being Seri last November. At first I wasn't sure about it but as I started watching more I soon found why the game is so enchanting!! Thankfully now after months of waiting I finally have my own laptop too play Niche on. The game isn't difficult once you've gotten a grasp of the RNG mechanics. I give it a complete 5 Star in my books as biology and genetics facinate me, as well as the board game like grid that you play on ( I heavily play Dungeons and Dragons 3.5 so the grid actually helps me focus).I'd recomend it for kids to learn about evolution, genetics as well as helping to develop patience. As well as I'd recomend it to adults who want to have the challange of straight up survival.The only minor issue I have personally that at this moment the female you start with (Eve) all start with Spiky Body. Other than that minor irritation I have no other issue and or, complaints."
76561198044590869,Recommended,440650,35175520,Posted: 24 September,all,spesh,"Wow, I got hooked on this one game. It is as simple or complex as you make it. Staying alive is one thing but doing so while maintaing a strong gene pool and exploring the different islands is as complex as you want it. Sanbox mode has some variable difficulty for those saying the game was easy.  I thoroughly recommend this game."
,Recommended,440650,35182278,Posted: 24 September,all,ⓢⓚⓔⓣⓒⓗ,Awesome game! A bit tricky to get the hang of but fun!
76561198020505416,Recommended,440650,27466033,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Lambent Crow,Fresh concept with great potential. I sincerely hope the evolution of this game will choose the best genes.
,Recommended,440650,35399527,Posted: 1 October,all,pinyxzy,"As some teen and having this game for a long time (maybe about a year or longer)I have learned A LOT and I mean A LOT of things about genetics, and it helped me in school also *thanks btw*Nothing is ever going to stop me loving this game!, I just can't wait for more updates and other things too. Maybe adding some multiplayer would be cool, No pressure though.There is a few bugs, like when you restart (with same bloodline genes etc) Sometimes the ""adam or eve"" will have the same genes, like adam having I K, and eve having I A, or sometimes having one of them the exact same genes like A A. Sometimes they would both have cripple paws (deformed paws) or one having double deformed paws, unless thats randomly generated. I did want to point that out for you creators if you need to find some bugs to fix.NOTE: just realizing a day after this (currently today 10/2/2017) If im correct they kinda use ""the existing nichlings"" as the adam and eve.I really can not wait for more updates and improvements ~ Pinyxzy"
76561198206690879,Recommended,440650,26721704,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,puppyplease4,Its the best game ever! GET IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,440650,26640010,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,gamsii,"A gorgeous and inventive little game, Niche takes a clever dynamic and turns that into an entire game worth every penny - and that's just as the game is as of the time of writing this. I can't wait to see the game in its final form!"
76561198165939394,Recommended,440650,31902031,Posted: 22 May,all,Happy-Horse #Girl-gamer,I really like this gameAnd hope one day you can get a sandbox for some fun
76561198055731861,Recommended,440650,31882440,Posted: 21 May,all,HotCookie,"Fun little game you can easily lose a few hours to! With all the new updates as well its shaping up to be a very well rounded game and I look forward to future updates! Love playing with the genetics and the creatures are adorable- but with predators its definitely not without its challenges. The creator is great at interacting with the players and taking suggestions onboard, well worth a look at. Recommended!"
,Recommended,440650,34910065,Posted: 12 September,all,Sentorie,"Love it, can have bugs but it is new and young to steam. Been watching it mature since it was just a kickstarter idea/demo? and it's come so far. Can wait to see it grow even more!"
76561198307064862,Recommended,440650,35036210,Posted: 17 September,all,CrazMidget,This is a really great turn based survival game. It takes a bit of time to learn all of the genetics stuff but i find it fun :) It does get a little boring after a while though.
,Recommended,440650,29549005,Posted: 28 January,all,FallLynx,really good game love it
76561198301924326,Recommended,440650,26474943,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,aceandproud97,"I really love this game, especially with the recent update.  It plays quite smoothly, and I like the varying levels of difficulty within the game.  I also like the challenge that the immunity genes in particular present.  I would most definitly recommend this to a friend, in fact, I have recommended this to a friend."
76561198303390644,Recommended,440650,26596244,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,teh marin teh lorenzo,"THE GAME IS REALY FUN, IT IS A SURVIVAL GAME AND YOU HAVE ANIMALS TO CONTROLE YOU MUST CHOSE WITCH ANIMALS TO BREED. I SHEL ALSO BE HAPY IF THERE IS MULTIPLAYER."
,Recommended,440650,35191683,Posted: 24 September,all,Morgoth,"As a game lover and a biology lover this game has two places in my heart. One place is that it's a generally fun casual game, the other place is that I kind of went in expecting an evolution simulator and was a bit disapointed. So here's my review from both ends:As a game:+Fun to play+I like planning a perfect strain of these guys to go hide out and interbreed start a master race of rabbit things+Pretty to look at+Nice music+I grow attached to these guys and then they die on me but I can't hold a funeral or eat their rotting corpse.-Could use a lot more variety with genes and islands.-There's a tutorial but doesn't really go into the nitty-gritty of breeding and evolving, which is is aggravating because that's the reason I picked up this game-Islands don't make any sense because you can just keep hopping until you find a new one you like, there's no real pressure to stay on an island that you don't like-Maybe I need to get further into the game, but there doesn't seem to be too many predators and when there are combat is basically chase someone and click to attackThe Biology+Heard that the Dev wanted to study biology or game design. Happy they kind of got to do both.+Holy ♥♥♥♥. Breeding 10000x better than Spore's dig-up-genes-and-use-them-whenever-you-want system+Overall pretty good model of how basic genetics works (half genes from mom, half from dad, one is expressed, etc.)Nothing like epigenetics, or codominant traits, but I wouldn't expect that from a AAA team-Biggest complaint about the game is the fact that food is communal. Eliminates like half the selective pressures on the creatures. I'd really love to see personal food stocks implimented for each animal, that way you actually can weed out the weak quickly.-Not really a negativve but I'd love to see more gene variety. I know the game just came out, but it'd be cool to see a clear divergence between different tribes or subspecies. Hell speciation would be awesome to see.Overall fun game, I think it could use some more polishing, but if you're like me and love biology, genetics, and/or evolution or just want a fun game to play I'd say this is well worth the price."
,Recommended,440650,33833636,Posted: 27 July,all,joegreybull,"Its really good in the 0.5 update i have found many many many bugs such as the patterns not matching up, but in the actual game where u dont have to do the stuff like going into the Properties but the main game is really good the other ones are buggy cuz there not the main branch yet but there are things here and there that are buggy and i honestly cant wait until the full game is out!!! its really adicting and fun!"
76561198314862154,Recommended,440650,29708089,Posted: 4 February,all,leahbean1,Niche is an amazing game and is 100% worth the $21 even if it still is in development. There is almost always a new beta version or updated version to exsplore in full of new features .  At the time of writing this I have played ~50 hours and could still spend many more hours play Niche
76561198269378084,Recommended,440650,32465437,Posted: 15 June,all,dannyboss93,yeah
76561198015843925,Recommended,440650,35351065,Posted: 30 September,all,Void_X_SNOW,Good game
76561198358335523,Recommended,440650,29366698,Posted: 19 January,all,cmw91005,"Amazing game, lots of different possibilites, and endless fun!"
76561198174424001,Recommended,440650,25616718,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Maggs-Mack,I really like this game and I think the idea is really smart. I can't wait to see what will be added in time because I think this could be a brilliant game.
76561198315562772,Recommended,440650,26313924,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,VeilOfStars,"I've got to admit, the game bare in early stages is incredible! I'm very excited to see what new updates bring :)"
76561198346936213,Recommended,440650,31052367,Posted: 9 April,all,Dog_Cat_Horse,"Oh my gosh this game is absoulutely amazing!!I dont know if this is the wrong place to write suggestions, but oh well.Heres some things Team Niche could add:-armored body for our creatures-a way to plant bushes-a creature like a crabbit that can hurt your creatures-a creature that can blind your creatures for 2 turns, and/or make them unable to hear, or make them unable to smellAnyway I love Niche and I cant wait to see future updates! :)"
76561198210612875,Recommended,440650,31632068,Posted: 8 May,all,ammy1123,"I followed this game since the nichelings looked like wooden little creatures and loved the game since, the game is of course still in early access so it still missing a lot of features, but update after update it sure grows more fun and makes you think harder of what to do, don't want your tribe dying out now would you? you think your on top of the food chain? hahahahaha, no.... if your on the jungle  island, well friend your gonna meet the apes, the ones i met so far are the smelling and hearing ape, wanna be in the snow island? ya watch out for packs of them fox creatures and the big mean balance bear, did i forget to mention the birds? and carnivores? oh and rouge males, still think you got this? play smart and your tribe will be fine.but overall all silly jokes aside, is fun strategy game that looks like a board type of game, where you manage your tribe, the food, and carefully breed useful genes while keeping eye on the imunity genes, don't want 1 with let's say... double A gene, thats just a sickness hazzard. The game also has no end to it, you can play on 1 save till your whole tribe dies out, and no, it doesnt leave to where you left off before you died, if your tribe dies you gotta start completely over, as your save will be deleted.so overall i give this game 10/10 cuz is a game that makes you think a lot to keep the tribe alive from all the hazzards that try to kill it, i really recommend it if you like a bit of a challenge."
,Recommended,440650,35395084,Posted: 1 October,all,SharkyMcSnarkface,"It's called the Ugly Nicheling.Once there was an ugly Nicheling, he was so ugly that everyone died.The end."
76561198346813070,Recommended,440650,35153573,Posted: 23 September,all,DreamMist,"I got Niche a year or two ago, and it's been one of my favorite games since. It's a great turn-based strategy game and, although it may not be everyone's cup of tea, I recommend buying it.Pros:1: You can replay it as much as you want without getting bored with the game. Every time you start a new game, it's different. You can give your creatures personalities and a story, unlock achievements (some of them are really hard, for those of you looking for a challenge!!), get the weirdest genes possible, or you can see how long you can survive in a world that is constantly changing.2: It has an amazing, supportive, and extremely helpful community. Not only that, but the developers are incredibly helpful and invested in what their community has to say: It really is a wonderful thing to see developers working with their community to improve the game.3: There are tons of genes you can unlock for your creatures! From prehistoric genes to underwater breathing abilities, there's a type of animal for every person waiting to be created. (you can even make hybrids!)4: There are countless islands of varying difficulties and sizes to explore, and hidden creatures in them waiting to be invited into your pack. Once you start a game in one of the islands, you can still move to another island with travel ports. (but be warned!! if you make creatures suited for the snow and go to a savanna, chances are you won't last very long. thankfully, the ports have different colors and designs so you can tell which one you're about to go to.)5: There's a sandbox mode and a storymode, both of which have tons to explore. In sandbox mode, you can choose which island you want to start off on and you have randomized creatures. In storymode, you start with Adam, who is lost and looking to come back to his old home. Storymode is recommended for new players because it's also the tutorial. I would go into greater detail, but then it'd spoil the story for you, and I'm not going to do that. ;)Cons:1: There are very short lifespans. While the short lifespans (only around 20 in game turns) provide more of a challenge and can be exciting, it also makes it harder to get attached to certain creatures before they die. You can still get attached (and then it's heartbreaking when they die!!) but you don't miss the creature as much when you lose them as you might if you had more time with them.2: At the beginning of each game, you have two starter creatures: One male and one female. (used to be called Adam and Eve but now have randomly generated names.) When you start a game, you have to cross your fingers because you have no idea how your starters will be. They could have extremely bad genetics, or incredibly good ones. It's all about luck, and I only consider it a con because it can create an unexpected challenge.All in all, I think it's a great game and recommend it to anyone who likes strategy, genetics, and cute animals."
76561198102265216,Recommended,440650,33999393,Posted: 3 August,all,No Thanks,"First off, Niche, good job on makeing an awesome game! I've played about 16 hours of this game and I only bought it a day ago. I love the concept and the unique graphics.I've had lots of fun playing and will try to play as much as I can. It is very addicting. I reccomend this to 8 and above! It is the best game I've played in awhile Definitally a great buy!.When I did my first playthrough I did really good! I almost have 400 food and I have really good genetics. I tried not focusing on genetics and I didn't do well, so if you are playing this game try to get good genetics, like nimble fingers. I had double nimble fingers and then cracker jaw. I could do anything :) I LOVE this game. I could go on for hours about it"
76561198397671846,Recommended,440650,34495389,Posted: 25 August,all,sahickenbottom,if you add in the wings you should make animals be able to climb into trees too. Climbing creatures and flying creatures could build nests in trees so they could be safe from preditors. Another idea I had was that there could be differnt types of trees so there could be more oppsions. The last thing I want to recommend is the Nichelinges could have allergies.-Thank You
,Not Recommended,440650,35252554,Posted: 27 September,all,jp.dalmas,Was pretty excited for this game but I gotta say I found it quite boring... not a lot to do besides gather food and mate...
76561197971984973,Recommended,440650,34529922,Posted: 27 August,all,Goinwrong,Been following this game for while and love it even through all the different phases it had gone through. Nothing ever was disappointing. Always fun to play never know what might happen.
76561198352573654,Recommended,440650,29302337,Posted: 16 January,all,Katebomb,JESSIMEW GOT ME INTO NICHE
,Recommended,440650,25533254,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,RemyBell,"So addictive. Gameplay is interesting. The critters are adorable.I love simulation games like this, and I hope it keeps growing! Great job guys! Amazing for only being early access."
,Recommended,440650,34515624,Posted: 26 August,all,Crystal The Gamer <3,This is like the only game I ever play not including minecraft and roleplay games and I have to say this is my top favorite games ever. The gene variation and difference from one creature to another is amazing and you can have such a wide range this game will satisfy anybody who loves watching generations grow and change
,Not Recommended,440650,35234993,Posted: 26 September,all,Maso,"I was quite receptive to the idea of a new genetics based game with cute critters, and for the price I would say got my money's worth.However, while cute, this game is has quite a number of glaring flaws that keep me from enjoying it for very long.First and foremost, the grind for food gets old very fast. Farming the same berry bushes and acorn trees is the only way to really consistently get food. Everything else is just a lucky supplement. Get used to doing this for hours on end while making very little progress on advancing.I am also not a fan of the so-called resource management. From the very first island, I was scratching my head on why my baby nichling had a lifetime's worth of food on his person. On the flipside, you need to mow down a small island's worth of grass to just to build a single nest that will break after a couple of days. Thankfully, permanent randomly generated nests are not uncommon, but then what even is the point of building one?The whole appeal of the game for me was exploring and finding new genetic traits to work with. But, as it turns out, that's not how the game works. You actually have to grind ""quests"" to unlock genes you want, such as repeatedly drowning a bunch of baby nichlings in the ocean until you unlock some swimming mutations (because water tiles have a chance to damage you). Even if you get lucky and find an outside source for a gene you want, its a waste of time trying to breed it into your stock because ALL GOOD GENES ARE RECESSIVE. So you will either end up with the same derp-faced herbivores until the gene you wanted dies out, or you isolate and inbreed and risk destroying your fertility and immunity. And once you unlock mutations, you can apply them to whatever child you want. So presumably, eventually genetics become a non-factor!Lastly, there are no meaningful interactions with AI controlled units. Neutrals wander about and do not compete for food (they do not eat as far as I can tell) until you invite them into your tribe. Aggressive units make beelines to your tribe to damage or kill them. Rogue males will make a beeline for all your females to impregnate them, which wouldn't necessarily be an issue if it weren't for the fact that every rogue spawn has the worst genes possible. Like, so bad that these creatures wouldn't even survive in their environment if it wasn't for the fact that AI units don't need food. You are also the only tribe in existence, which is a shame, because having multiple tribes to compete with and mix genes with would give this game some much needed depth. Imagine struggling to survive in a swampy wasteland and encountering an aggressive tribe with poison immunity for instance.It's still cute, and there is potential there. Shame it was released in this stage though. It feels more of a proof-of-concept than a complete game."
76561197998030586,Not Recommended,440650,35393058,Posted: 1 October,all,Galp,"A qualified non-recommendation. If you're expecting an evolution/genetic simulation you'll be dissapointed by heavy abstractions, light survival aspects and handholding.If you enjoy more casual, slow paced, relaxation pet games then you might get a lot more out of it than I did. Eventually I reached a level of mild satisfaction but it took too long to get there with too much grind.It's pretty but most of the time you'll be in black and white smello-vision. Your creatures will die of old age right as you start getting attached and you don't really evolve as much as toggle physical traits on or off.Detailed review available; I can see why some people spent hundreds of hours in the game but I was listless during my 20."
,Not Recommended,440650,35135360,Posted: 22 September,all,Gamespy87,"This game obviously has a lot of promise, so please take this as a very tentative ""thumbs down"". The game just feels too.. small, or bare-boned at the moment to be a full release at 17$.First Impressions:When you start a new game, you have either the option of playing ""story"" or ""sandbox"" mode. I highly recommend playing story mode if you are new to the game, because it's actually more of a tutorial than a story mode (almost should be labeled ""tutorial"" instead of ""story), which leaves sandbox mode as the main focus of the game. The tutorial does seem fairly lacking in explaining many of the game functions as well, which I believe should be addressed at some point. An example of this is how to pass on dominant/recessive genes, or how to use mutations, I have not seen anywhere in-game where this is explained.The sandbox mode allows you to choose from among a fairly large amount of maps, which is great. However, it does not give you an option to pre-set any of your starting creature attributes, which are instead decided through sheer RNG (randomly). This feels like a HUGE feature to be left out. You can just restart over and over until you get a specific starting attribute that you were hoping for (I.E. horns, digging claw, etc.). It would also be great if there were at least 1-2 more body types to choose between, maybe something bipedal, or the option to begin in the sea and evolve legs eventually. Something to hope for in the future, I suppose.Another feature that I feel should have been included is a difficulty setting for younger, or less experienced players. Something requiring less food per turn, less predators or longer creature life. Any custom settings at all would have been nice, in fact. I realize that the map you choose does this to some degree, but it's not enough at the moment.The sight/smell/hearing toggle is a great concept, but I find that there is very little practical use for sight in general due to the tall grass that is prevalent on every map. This leaves me playing the game in black and white, which detracts from it to a degree. I wish that the ""senses"" could have been implemented in a way that caused items or creatures detected by scent or hearing to just appear in a color that signified what sense it was detected with. For example, items detected by scent could show with a yellow silhouette, hearing could be blue. Something to that effect, rather than a full toggle.Those are my only complaints about the game currently. I do not plan to refund it, as I can see Niche becoming a truly great game with several updates. The developers have been responsive and friendly in the forums and when replying to reviews, and that gives me a lot of hope for the future of this game.Question to devs - Why does attacking a rogue male with a female creature get her pregnant?"
,Not Recommended,440650,35229719,Posted: 26 September,all,Thanos,"I ignored the reviews saying this game was too shallow and boring. After an hour of playing it I find myself agreeing with them. The concept has a lot of potential but it is poorly executed unfortunately.It's hard to say whether or not this game would be ""worth it"" at a lower price point or not. I tend to be pretty forgiving of games in the $5 or less category. But unless this title gets more love post release it just isn't enough to hold your attention for long."
76561198056495024,Recommended,440650,32247474,Posted: 7 June,all,A mere silhouette,"Day 1. have adam & eve mate, adam explore, eve collect berriesDay 2. have adam explore, eve collect berriesDay 3. kick innocent child out of nest, adam & eve mate right infront of it, eve collects berries, adam exploreDay 4. adam explore, eve collect berries, innocent child now named ostrich exploreDay 5. kick innocent child out of nest, adam & eve mate right infront of it, adam and ostrich explore, eve collect berriesDay 6. innocent child now named penguin, penguin ostrich & adam explore, eve collect berriesDay 7. kick innocent child out of nest, adam & eve mate right infront of it, adam, ostrich and penguin explore, eve collect berriesDay 8. eve dies in nest, innocent child now named peacock. peacock, adam, ostrich explore, penguin collect berriesDay 9. ostrich and penguin mate infront of their sibling, adam, peacock and ostrich explore, penguin collect berriesDay 10. child born with sickness, fLEE TO OTHER SIDE OF ISLANDDay ???. sickness child is sent to drown, ostrich and penguin mate again, peacock and ostrich explore, penguin collects berries, adam diesDay what. carnivore rAMPAGES IN AND SLAUGHTERS EVERYONE but ostrich and penguin survive and re-mateDay lol. penguin collects berries, ostrich exploresDay oh. penguin and ostrich kick innocent child out of nest and mate, penguin collects berries, ostrich exploresDay pleaseno. innocent child now named emu. emu, ostrich explore, penguin collects berriesDay forgiveme. penguin and ostrich kick innocent child out of nest and mate, penguin collects berries, ostrich and emu exploresDay theendoftheworldiscoming. everyone moves but end up starving to death, ostrich dies of ageEXTINCT100/10 would play againPROS:Cute creaturesInbreeding doesn't always mess everything upGameplay goes on infinitely, in my opinionDifferent islandsLots of different traitsDifferent foodsNest building, has to be taken care ofAgeCONS:AgeNo flying or tunneling ;(Not many ways to heal.. no ways to reverse ageNot multiplayeryes i recommend it, even in it's early access, i'm positive it'll be great, and is great"
,Recommended,440650,31958128,Posted: 25 May,all,Radicalgamingmasters,This game even though tough at times is very fun. I have and will continue to recomend to friends and family. I find the survival depending on genetics more so than other things is very interesting. I do think as the game progresses that it will still give me hours of fun game play.This game has been great and one of my favorite games ever since I got it around Christmas time.
76561198118861341,Recommended,440650,31945145,Posted: 24 May,all,Clumsabella,"In the 40ish hours of play that I have been able to eke in during the odd hours of the day, I have managed to enjoy myself more than any other game I have played thus far. Niche is one of a select few that is able to merge high entertainment value with a strategic undertone, which plays a part in creating the high level of replay-ability that can be found in this game.When I first found Niche, I was worried that the level of strategy needed to successfully play the game would be too high for me, as the footage that I had seen of the game looked similar to that of Sid-Meyers Civilization games, ones that I had never exceeded at. However, in Niche, the ability of the game to adapt to better suit your play-style is phenomenal, and within a couple hours I had managed to cement the basic skills needed to play and excel at it.The hard working team behind Niche is part of what to reeled me into this game with constant updates and bug fixes, as well as their ability to improve upon the game by using user feedback. The team behind Niche is personable and friendly, and I find that the ability to connect with their users is a large part why this game is so good.I am honoured to be a part of this pack, and I cannot wait for the future that this game has in store.:)"
76561198166946602,Recommended,440650,31674808,Posted: 10 May,all,papyrus,i was addicted to undertale like all i would play is undertale. I thought no other game would be as good but then i started playing niche. I love this challing game. every move i make may break or make the small pack. I suck at this game but i still enjoy it. so i recomend this game to everyone to give it a try. as a note to the crator i think their should be a small trial to thos unsure weather to get it maybe they can only be on the starting island nad most of the gens are locked.
76561198384030678,Recommended,440650,31725483,Posted: 13 May,all,SpaceDogDax,"Niche is everything I wanted in a game and more. It has an adorable style, it's easy to understand and play, and, most importantly, it has just the right amount of challange to make you come back for more. So, if you want a survival strategy game that won't make you pee your pants, or you're just the relaxed gaming type, I recommend you give Niche a try."
76561198181712403,Recommended,440650,31677177,Posted: 10 May,all,zilla59,"I am really enjoying this game. I appreciate the slower pace, with the thought put in to each turn."
76561198278050250,Recommended,440650,31651252,Posted: 9 May,all,rsmchem,My Game Wont Update! :(
76561198307322389,Recommended,440650,28680514,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,SeriPixel,you should ad a family tree
,Recommended,440650,30283004,Posted: 2 March,all,Austeja V,it really is exciting I love all the changes that keep happening. the game doesn't become to repetative because of random generating. I love it!
76561198047947303,Recommended,440650,31458308,Posted: 30 April,all,SumHoserEh!,"Speaking as someone who deals with genetics everyday with their job, this game is quite accurate. I highly reccomend this to anyone that is interested in genetics (or possibly wants to see a crazy squirrel monseter)."
76561198268596006,Recommended,440650,26468952,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Moe,I've gotten this on early access. I saw a lets play from Bestinslot and got really exited to play Niche. So How is it?Really fun actually. My biggest complaint is that the controls take some getting used to and it'd be cool if there was a tutorial. But once you get going and get used to everything (at least in my experiance) get sucked into the game. Can't wait to see how this game develops.
76561198338523338,Recommended,440650,32334711,Posted: 10 June,all,moobear250,"This is great 10/10 would play Niche again, bit of lag"
76561198353408866,Recommended,440650,32333520,Posted: 10 June,all,Lone Wolf,"I thought this was an awesome game,and it deserves more attention."
76561198250629898,Recommended,440650,34497416,Posted: 25 August,all,Knees Weak,Its an extremely fun and good idea i just think it needs a tutorial asap it took me 2 hours to really get a feel for the functions  i would of quit if i hadn't heard such positive suggestions
76561198048134116,Recommended,440650,34786174,Posted: 6 September,all,elizabethsun.ko,"This is a beautiful, well thought out, and fun game. It may seem a bit easy or simple at first but if you want to advance in the game you'll need to strategize to get a surviving pack. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,440650,34916423,Posted: 13 September,all,Fuzzy,"It's extremely fun and a great time-waster, I've spent hours upon hours just trying combinations; let alone all the challenges they have; in both the sandbox and story mode. The game has made leaps and bounds with amazing content and there's not much to get bored with since it can suddenly throw a wrench at you.Highly reccommend purchasing Niche!"
76561198199505651,Recommended,440650,32258412,Posted: 7 June,all,SantacruiserYT,"WHY DID I GET THIS THING?So, my interest in genetics obviously forced me to get this game. So, basically, you control a tribe of creatures. I'll measure their intelligence on three levels: Brainless, moronic, and just plain dumb.ACTUALLY BEING SERIOUSThe genetics aspect keeps the game diverse, with many combinations of creatures. The immunity genes keep players from having a slide through the game(where two similar genes cause instant sickness, preventing siblings from mating. That's gross, anyway. Who does that? Greek gods, I guess...). However, I do have a bit o' criticisms for Niche. First, wild creatures can be sick or completely infertile(For little two year olds who are somehow using this platform, infertility is where reproduction is impossible). Because of immunity genes, total infertility of wild creatures can cause fertility to burn out, killing off an entire tribe. Not fun. When wild animals are sick, a tribe member finding one can result in a requirement to quarentine both animals.Rest in pepperonis, Evola. 2017-2017. You probably will be forgotten within two days.If team Niche could modify wild spawning, this could prevent fertility burning out in tribes. Just a note: I lost two tribes to infertility. Other than that, great game, with plenty of genetic combinations to keep the game from becoming more boring than fidget spinners(I'm sorry, I'm a fidget hater, this review is dragging on, I'm done. Remember my overlord, Geoffrey the Giraffe)."
76561198310074270,Recommended,440650,33970990,Posted: 2 August,all,Sookiedog,I loved it! I like how it teaches me about genes and genetics a bit and keeps me playing! I also like how it has often updates. I recommend this game! :)
,Recommended,440650,35021528,Posted: 17 September,all,Missy <3,Great game! Please consider implementing a multiplayer mode.
76561198007873193,Recommended,440650,35114218,Posted: 21 September,all,Tangeleno,"Fun game, easy to learn but difficult to master."
,Recommended,440650,35116895,Posted: 21 September,all,itsdorkney,so simple yet so fun. i totally underestimated how attatched i'd get to my little creatures. one of my favorite games
76561198258778170,Recommended,440650,35115145,Posted: 21 September,all,likely66,"I really enjoy this game, whether playing it myself or watching certain youtubers' playthroughs. I'm really glad I bought this game!"
76561198340954256,Recommended,440650,35144288,Posted: 22 September,all,Shiny Silver fox,NICHE is a brillant game. I've been watching it since 2015 and when it was released i took the plunge and bought the game. The game didn't take long to download and even on lower settings the game is beautiful. Within 20 minutes of playing i was hooked and you really need to watch your foodvpopulation!Story mode is great to play in even for experinced players.I can't wait to see the game change through updates😊4/5 stars. There are a few odd bugs to do with the acheivments and that is it.
,Recommended,440650,35113503,Posted: 21 September,all,Ryan Maxwell Duncan,"I love games like this but they need to do something about that tutorial. It gives you the barest sense of what to do and then throws you to the wolves. As yet, I have absolutely no idea what I'm supposed to be doing aside from getting food and making babbies.That said, it's a damn fun game and I can definitely see the complexity and depth so, despite the complete lack of explanation, I'm going to keep digging into it."
,Recommended,440650,25891463,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Ellie,got butt ♥♥♥♥ed by carnivores more than i have irl 10/10
,Recommended,440650,29132376,Posted: 8 January,all,daestwen,"Even in Early Access form, Niche is a solid game. The graphics even on the lower settings run my computer pretty hot, so it's probably not fully optimised yet, but even without all the features  fully implemented, the mechanics of the game are so well put in place that it's still really fun. There's a lot of potential, here, and I am looking forward to the next updates!There isn't really a tutorial, but it's intuitive enough that it almost doesn't need one. The only real things I would recommend would be to allow the player to be able to select the individual creatures through the family tree, or be able to mark them somehow. (Basically I keep planning out breeding schedules and then forgetting who I was going to breed with who...)A slight warning for sexual abuse victims, however, there is a mechanic that could be triggering, which involves an unknown 'horny male' randomly appearing and mating with females in your population. The idea behind the mechanic is a good one - introducing unwanted or unknown genes into the gene pool, or adding variability while it wasn't there - but the suddeness of the implementation can be startling and sometimes unsettling."
,Recommended,440650,29194048,Posted: 11 January,all,BobaSmileS,Amazing!So amazing in fact that my friend stole my computer at a sleepover just to play it lol!Bluebirds are kit-stealing-terrorists btw
76561198054324034,Recommended,440650,34728890,Posted: 3 September,all,Ware,A great game. I don't have much more to say.
76561198282052715,Recommended,440650,34492953,Posted: 25 August,all,StopTryingEmily,"Incredibly addicting! Ill sit down for what seems like only a few minutes to play but when I check the time 5 hours will have gone by already. You just get sucked into the gameplay, I can't wait to see how the game further progresses!"
76561198335790519,Recommended,440650,29811330,Posted: 9 February,all,Feathertail916,This is a really fun game but i want more ways to heal my animals
76561198060014267,Recommended,440650,35174007,Posted: 24 September,all,Jaina,Wery god game! Can't stop playing!
76561198108599320,Recommended,440650,27414696,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,alezandrie,"Great new update, a lot more berries so less time looking for food."
76561198067204677,Recommended,440650,31637244,Posted: 8 May,all,dulchee,This game is great! I always lose track of time while playing it. It's great for anyone who likes to play strategic games :)
76561198191196179,Recommended,440650,29154325,Posted: 9 January,all,._.,"So i got to the second island, 10 minutes after i started getting swarmed by rabbitcrabs(?), So a made a 2 Gem baby run away, Dukrovan, to the middle, ''Crabs shouldn't be in the middle'', Well i got Dukrovan to the middle by the time he was an adult, A carnivore arrived, By now my other nitchelings are trapped, And Dukrovan is running from the carnivore, next turn,#DEATHBYCRABS r.i.p. Dukrovan, would have never made it anyway XD  10/10 would fail at crab killing again XD"
76561198113233765,Recommended,440650,25620563,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Spooky,Love this game. I am a mac user and love games like this. It has worked like a charm so far. Keep up the good work Niche Team!
76561198003470342,Not Recommended,440650,35207283,Posted: 25 September,all,Morhem,"Your creature's lifespan is about 20 turns(like, 5 minutes), and if you go a bit too far to explore, you cant go back to the nest in time to make babies. This game is micromanagement hell, and I love micromanagement, if it builds to something, but in case of Niche, its all there is. You manage several of your creatures with lifespans of fruit flies, constantly scrounging for food(you have to do everything manually), breeding, and trying to unlock new genes (works somewhat like achievements), and.. thats it."
76561198085291097,Recommended,440650,35046190,Posted: 18 September,all,AzariaBlue,"I love this game and I play it often. I love seeing how each update changes how the game works and changes the things you can do. Every update has added something fun and different to the game.It's fun to play with genetics and if you like biology it teaches genetics in a fun way. If that is too complicated then you can simply let it be or choose genes at random. Combined with the survival element it's challenging and interesting. It has possibilities for teaching how genetics work and even comparing it to how humans evolved.The graphics have their own style and the Nichelings are just SO cute and make the cutest sounds.There are tons of suggestions I have to make it even better, such as a tutorial (I've been playing it for a while so I know how it works but it seems a common theme that people don't ""get"" the game) or a versus multiplayer mode. Where tribes attack eachother and ""claim"" land. That's a big update though so it would most likely be an expansion if it were to happen.I didn't recieve a key from the developer by the way - I bought the game because it was interesting and I don't regret it at all! I'm excited to see where they take it."
76561198207203401,Not Recommended,440650,35211933,Posted: 25 September,all,The firefoxlady,"I like this game. I don't mind if a game is less exciting, and more of a slow-paste, relaxing game. I can really enjoy those types of games. However, this game simply lacks depth. The story mode, which I was really excited about, is more like a basic-tutorial sandbox mode. So that was a little disappointing. Nice animation, but it doesn't add anything to the gameplay or story.The travel element is a nice way to make things more interesting, but it's unbalanced. After a few hours of playing I just ask myself ""What's the point?"". And if you travel to an island unprepared (because how can you know at your first try what kind of dangers you are going to face?) your tribe can be extinct really quickly and the hours you have put into your game are gone. There is no ""load game"" option and there is really not enough time to adapt your tribe to the new “dangers” of the island.Don't get me wrong, I like this game. But there is still a lot of work to do and right now I don't think it deserves a ""recommended"" review, because I would recommend to wait and see if the developers are going to make the game more interesting and make a real story mode.If a relaxing sandbox game with no real challenges and not much depth is all you are looking for, then I would say go for it. And if you don't mind putting hours into playing and then loose it all in a couple of minutes."
76561197972018699,Recommended,440650,35145149,Posted: 22 September,all,TV4Fun,"It looks like it has potential, but it definitely needs a better tutorial. The tutorial only explains some very basic points of moving around and eating, while completely ignoring a very complicated and intimidating genetics interface, which is what really needs the tutorial to explain it."
76561198356288209,Recommended,440650,32842151,Posted: 26 June,all,mercedes636,niche is an amazing game
76561198039508906,Not Recommended,440650,35165628,Posted: 23 September,all,Lucifer,"Game is just boring.  Everything looks the same.That said, the concept is intriguing, which is why I didn't refund it.I'm holding onto it, hoping it fulfills it's potential.  games like this deserve to be supported."
76561197993615419,Not Recommended,440650,35210112,Posted: 25 September,all,tainted_wolf,"I was excited for this game. Then i played it and was sadly disappointed.I was hoping for a fun resource management and breeding game with alot of strategy and planning. So far, it has been tedious ""can i get enough food"" simulator in my brief time.Maybe it gets better, but I can't bring myself to continue playing."
,Recommended,440650,34076801,Posted: 7 August,all,Mcbacon the Idk,is good
,Recommended,440650,26431866,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Pepperkayy,Totes my fave game!
76561198275350100,Recommended,440650,35118026,Posted: 21 September,all,xXRainbowNekoXx,"WOAHSo, I've been with Niche around right before the Jungle update, and I have to say I'm impressed with how much this game has grown over the years! I'm not really able to write a LONG LONG LONG review on this game, but I love how there are now more than three patterns as you can get them in different shapes, and the fact there are so many genetics to unlock!"
76561198402087553,Recommended,440650,35114318,Posted: 21 September,all,wiccanmoonbug,"I am really enjoying this game!  Basically what you do is breed animals while helping them to survive by collecting food, nesting materials, and fending off predators.  Each animal has it's own set of genes which determines how they are able to interact with the world and how good they are at certain tasks.  You can select gene mutations to (potentially) pass down to babies as well as select which animals to breed together.  Plus there are islands to travel to that have differing biomes.  I highly recommend!"
,Recommended,440650,25538301,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Laelamcpitty,"After playing for a good while, I can honestly say this is a pretty stable game for an early release. I can say though, this game is MUCH more challenging than I originally thought it would be. I'm not complaining though, as challenges make it far more interesting. Its just something I would keep in mind.I enjoy the game now, but I cannot WAIT for more things to be added, as gameplay is obviously limited to a degree (it is an early release though, duh).As someone who has waited for a VERY long time for a cool genetic simulator, I am extremely excited. I'd recommend this game, just remember to be patient with additions and such; I have a feeling it will be worth it!"
76561198077630202,Recommended,440650,25536069,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,PRINCEF TAAANX,"I think its best to judge a game as it is at the time that you purchase it and make sure that you like it as it is. So if you want to wait for more features then wait for me this is as it is, enough. More would be better obvioulsly but I do like trying to breed out a look and track pedagree. Which by the way finding free pedigree or family tree makers is difficult. But heck Iv had fun toying with tracking bloodlines right now so when they add family trees it will feel earned. I have always loved science and critter games. One of the first games I spent endless hours on was The Creaturs series. This reminds me of that only better as the genes are more than just apparence. And the ""modded community for that was amazing. So hopefully it will keep growing and modding becomes an option but right now Im content. So ts pretty, it handles great no bugs so far. Just get your labcoat and a notebook and pen rdy."
,Recommended,440650,25534894,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,jenniferdox14,"I am a grown woman and absolutly obsessed with this game. And it's not even in it's final form! I can play this for hours on end. I am very excited for the family tree, I am having a hrd time tracking mates/siblings."
76561198062156815,Recommended,440650,25742560,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Sievert,"Breed cuties for survival, breed uglies for fun, manage your genes across generations, combat predators, hunt bunnies, explore, inbreed, cull the diseased, you name it."
76561198370190463,Recommended,440650,30737788,Posted: 25 March,all,laderacnc,"I absolutely love this game. It's amazing, except when I start a new save, I always get a pity body Eve. Is something wrong? I requested a refund so I'm going to download the game again to see if I get a Spiky Body Eve."
76561198119496330,Recommended,440650,29465441,Posted: 24 January,all,Gingeradzz,"I was just looking around on the store when I saw this game. Having a look at the description and giving it some thought, I bought it to check it out. I have to say, for an early access, it has my attention and I will be following the updates closely. I love the concept of it and the way it teaches about genetics. As of right now I can tell that the game has quite lot more to be fleshed out but I will say this: I look forward to seeing the future of this game. Now...Where did that carnivour go?...Somethings I would like to see:Some more biomesMore islandsMore enemiesPerhaps make more tribes/Packs and give the ability become enemies or alliesFlesh out the family tree more not only to show the generation of the creatures but between the connecting lines, show which traits were not given to the offspring. Relations between each creature would be nice too."
,Recommended,440650,29495559,Posted: 25 January,all,Tess,"Honestly, I may have only about an hour (at the time of posting this), but this game is really, REALLY fun, and somewhat imersive. It's an odd thing to say about the style of the game, but it really bring you in. There's no story, your stuck on an island and thrust into the world and told ""Survive"". It's a really interesting mechanic. Also, it's still in progress, so they're adding new stuff all the time. I love playing games like this, because it's always getting better! By the time they're done, I'm sure it will be an amazing experience and a really fun game to play."
76561198324734527,Recommended,440650,28154350,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,camerondague1,i cant click on a charecter
76561198338688456,Recommended,440650,30197166,Posted: 26 February,all,lip,Help my niche wont work someone help me fix it it wont let me click anything on it like play or exit and there is also a weird green line bordering it if anyone knows how to fix it tell me please.
76561198060325578,Recommended,440650,32260505,Posted: 7 June,all,Eater of Hope,"Well, I don't know how long I've been with the game. But they definitely are adding new stuff almost every month, if not more. Like not just biomes. You got your genetics, creatures, food, sicknesses, immunities. The first time I played this you had Adam and Eve, preset Niches everytime. Now they give you a random male and female, your whole pack can get sick, your whole pack can be weak gathers if you don't breed in a striker or nutcracker. Definitely am going to look into stuff, because now apparently they have apes in here...I dunno. Definitely a good game if you get into breeding, Sims, or like making op creatures. Just wish they would let you name your Niches, but maybe they'll do that out of beta. Definitely worth trying espicially if it goes on sale, you can always get your money back if it's not your cup of tea."
76561198333541233,Recommended,440650,32307050,Posted: 9 June,all,ajmck0,This game is amazing!!!!! you must play it. i think you should add hybrid breeding with all the predators. what i don't like is well nothing just the bugs!! keep the great work up i hope to see more updates !!!! ;)P.S BUY THIS GAME ITS AMAZINGGGGGG!!!!!
76561198349224703,Recommended,440650,32355517,Posted: 11 June,all,jointhepackrosawolf23,There really isn't anything that i dislike about it. I LOVE EVERYTHING
,Recommended,440650,33061089,Posted: 30 June,all,Starmist The Alpha Wolf,I love this game sooooo much! I would recomand it to anyone who is fine with the smallest bit if vilonce really only blood and skelatons. I you are into Wolfquest Shelter (any of the shelter games) or just into animals or fantasy. It is one of the BEST games I'ved EVER PLAYED!! It is fun and entertaning but also stragedy and thought goes into making perfect genes and matching those genes with the right habbitat. :) I love this game SOOOOOOOO much
76561198381359099,Recommended,440650,32769168,Posted: 25 June,all,shelrn,Has anyone else not gotten the newest update or am I the only one who plays on Mac. If so I'm so sad.
76561198245873326,Recommended,440650,33217087,Posted: 3 July,all,blackrose13186,It's cute and I enjoy seeing how my animals look.
,Recommended,440650,33350045,Posted: 7 July,all,Slick,"I played this, but it got boring pretty quickly... but is WAS enjoyable while it lasted..."
,Recommended,440650,31866690,Posted: 20 May,all,meremdg,"I enjoy Niche, it's a lot of fun, and I do have some suggestions."
76561198392471191,Recommended,440650,34050543,Posted: 5 August,all,carlson6569,niche is great
76561198114566701,Recommended,440650,31770619,Posted: 15 May,all,Tama.Hisoka,I have played Niche for a while over the course of many updates and bug fixes and so on but no matter what bugs are found or what there is it has always managed to be amazing and continues to get better all the time. I love the different mechanics and the complexity of what genetics do what and the dominant and recessive traits going into play as well. I hope to see so much more in the future but I am so very happy I bought this game. If you like genetic survival or god simulation like games this is perfect if you like the occasional challenge.
76561198396701758,Recommended,440650,33630445,Posted: 18 July,all,hannalittleneuhaus,its awsum but iv got one problem it let me get in!
76561198171555031,Recommended,440650,28668332,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Frisk,"difficult, fun and... and... dunno. needs diffrent difficulty settings btw and advanced options for them"
76561198393330280,Recommended,440650,35004886,Posted: 16 September,all,Salient,"Hello Niche team!I absolutely love your game, its nothing like I've ever seen before. I've put countless hours into the little words of those brilliant fox like animals. I really praise you on the great game, but I really did like it better when the eyes were a solid color, the new eyes are cute, but look quite dead. I understand you still have plans so if you could make it one solid color again of make them less lifeless it would be fantastic! I of course go into the future of your game with an open mind but I miss some of the old features."
76561198184964001,Recommended,440650,35228402,Posted: 26 September,all,"Love, D.VA",A+Very good
,Recommended,440650,33116008,Posted: 1 July,all,crazy top hat,"i am in my niche (a place i live eat bla bla bla so on) playing niche a genetics survival game. is it niCH, or nēSH Wich is right are they both ? any way it's a good turn based game about survival and genetis"
,Recommended,440650,32516885,Posted: 17 June,all,Greeney Gaming,Niche is a great game! It is fun and easy to play!
,Recommended,440650,25628387,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,JackedUpSailor,It pretty fun but like any simulated game it gets boring without any new contents. I would wait until the game is fully released or else you'd get bored of it after a few hours.
,Recommended,440650,32064403,Posted: 30 May,all,Mrcheekymonkey1996,"This game is just getting better and better every time I play it, it was a few months ago when I first started to play and buy this game , there was so little, tedious. I started to play it this month, there isNow MORE content, a lot of new genes , fertility aspect to it, is very interesting  and UI has also improved, more biomes from what I gathered.You can mutate your genes and too much inbreeding can cause infertile cubs!/cretins/creaturesIts cute, however there is some flaws, it still does lag but it is an improvement. I recommend this game, to those who are interested in genetic simulations.Now I feel like I can make my own specie.Buy this game you will LOVE this gameI think a lot more is to come, this is in early access and I believe it has come far, and it has a long way to go till it leaves Early Access. But more genes are to come, eye colours, different variations of fur etc.Any ideas? join the steam community discussion page for Niche!A Must BUY!"
76561198048899108,Recommended,440650,35251087,Posted: 27 September,all,Bell0na,"It's a fun game when it's not crashing every thirty seconds. Still new so I guess that's okay and all, but like, man the crashing is rough."
76561198174927349,Recommended,440650,34764337,Posted: 5 September,all,oblivious111,"intertesting game play! fun, cute, and relaxing."
76561198376347901,Recommended,440650,32576827,Posted: 19 June,all,nanny121470,I love this game I can not stop playing it if you are reading this you should try this game it is creative and it teaches you a lot like genetics  last but not least it is super fun  and the community is super nice  I give this 10/10
76561198342374695,Recommended,440650,32579517,Posted: 19 June,all,wispacegirl,It is great for kids all ages
76561198392711667,Recommended,440650,32579919,Posted: 19 June,all,selenajazmine2005,The game is amazing and I like the little picture with adam and eve in the beginning  and mabey new islands to play also with some exotic genes or mutations with other animals and also would recommend to buy it and please subscribe and like to ItsSparkKit and pusheen animation I plan to feature the game in the future
,Recommended,440650,32474015,Posted: 16 June,all,cryptic-ocelot,If your looking for a fun new game with a very unique idea this is the game you want.I recommend this highly.
76561198350578471,Recommended,440650,33702328,Posted: 21 July,all,Sn00t,This Is One Of The Best Games I Have Ever Played!!!
76561198347524779,Recommended,440650,33756630,Posted: 23 July,all,rjoyg02,ye kool dude
76561198419433380,Recommended,440650,34747030,Posted: 4 September,all,demonicsnow69,Very involving
76561198332026880,Recommended,440650,34711681,Posted: 3 September,all,me_jackie,"Fun, can easily get absorbed for hours."
76561198056154866,Recommended,440650,25733504,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Goldenpearl,"This is a pleasant casual game experience. I really enjoyed exploring the wilderness with my tribe of hybrid creatures.  I enjoyed the unique style of gameplay that comes with raising a tribe and evolving based on your DNA.Unfortunatley, there isn't a lot of late game content. After you explore the area you are in, there is nothing else to do.It is a fairly challenging game at the beginning though, and the gameplay is varied enough that I still enjoy creating new tribes even after seeing most of the game."
76561198058542069,Recommended,440650,25776357,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,ProjectMischa,"It's quite enjoyable seeing how drastically your pack of creatures can change based on the environment you're in. We all start with the same two creatures, and yet as the generations go on, we all have different looking creatures at the end.My pack slowly evolved until every one of them had a panda pattern, with a claw and berry paw.Now I have a large gang of panda cats, and an offshoot one of spotted cats.I don't even remember how I got there.This game is still in very early access, so a lot of the features aren't implemented yet, but I found it to be an enjoyable strategy game so far. I can't wait to see what future updates bring in."
,Recommended,440650,25792143,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Achaka,Caught a foul case of the ugliesAlmost all my creatures went blindBears took over my first nest10/10 would reccommend
76561198380819701,Recommended,440650,35156614,Posted: 23 September,all,Kittencat5305,"This game is beyond amazing and I'm so in love with it! The different patterns are absolutely beautiful and the bearyena breeding is so cool!! I would suggest more interspecies breeding too thou, like breeding with dodomingos and getting wings and beaks for going on top of trees, and you can use the leaves from the trees that you collect on the top as nesting material and make nest on the trees and if the creature isnt born with wings and it gets off the tree it injures itself from fall damage like when a creature without any underwater breathing can drown when born underwater (or in water in general) and it can either be feather body with little wings or the feet can be wings and I think other body parts should be like beak that disables ears and the head is all feathery, a long feathered tail that drags behind it or like fisher tail that instead of fur on the tip the tail is line on the sides with feathers, the hind legs should be like bird feet too! (sorry this is way too much ;-;)"
,Recommended,440650,35119835,Posted: 21 September,all,Banneaa,"This game is very creative and very addicting to play! I love the graphics and the simple yet very deep gameplay. It is easy to learn how to play but does take some planning and careful game play if you don't want all your animals to starve or die. I can't wait to see the finished game play! I would like to suggest a game plus or something to that to be able to keep the mutations you unlock in one game to go to another. I feel like sometimes it is difficult to unlock a mutations. It would be nice that if a female has a baby with something they didn't have (like ram horns), you could have that mutaion unlocked because you now have a animal in your group with that mutation you didn't have before or something to that affect.Over all this game is amazing though and I can't wait to see the finished project. Amazing work!"
76561198117898146,Not Recommended,440650,35377013,Posted: 1 October,all,vladimir,"Quite interesting idea, but implementation and usability could be better. After 40 hours it becomes too boring. Just repeating the same basic actions again and again.There are too many simple maps at the beginning. Not enough challenges. Hard to manage a flock of 30 and more creatures, since it's hard to find a proper one on a map."
76561198022411139,Not Recommended,440650,35009199,Posted: 16 September,all,Griffin,"I really wanted to like this game, because the concept behind it was so appealing to me. However, after playing it I cannot recommend it. The main problem is that you need to have a large tribe to maintain genetic diversity, but managing a large tribe quickly becomes a boring chorelike slog.Almost as important is that managing your creatures genes is the central mechanic of the game, but the genetic records of your tribe are on a seperate screen from where you order them to mate. This means that you constantly have to dig through the records, and then hunt down the approprate creature, to have them mate. A feature that put a genetic overaly over the main game screen could have made breeding a lot less of a hassle.In addition many of the islands are covered in tall grass which obscures you from prey and predators alike. The only problem is that it also obscures static features like berry bushes and nests, it would have been nice if the devs added a feature to mark these so you could remember where they are.Finally there is no option to automate your creatures even if they are doing repetative tasks like gathering from the same berry bush."
76561198187183101,Recommended,440650,29511064,Posted: 26 January,all,nascott7,I LOVE IT
76561198332765667,Recommended,440650,30305063,Posted: 3 March,all,Vanillites,This game is Columbian
76561198006682211,Recommended,440650,30800199,Posted: 28 March,all,Hruberen,"Pros:-What great fun it is to have your creatures intermingle and see what pops out-Great babymaking simulator ala the Sims-Unlike the sims there is strategy in choosing who will mate, and which nests should prioritize which traitsCons:-Lack of direction, the only goal seems to be to clear all islands of grass.-Dislike the new islands system, I really liked hitailing it to the killer island before, now I don't know how to get to the hardest islands-new nest making system spoils the strategy used in previous versions"
76561198133634137,Recommended,440650,25705843,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Nyahahaha,"Nice game bro,."
,Recommended,440650,35108075,Posted: 21 September,all,peppermint,"...I think the fact that I have the more hours in this game than games like Stardew Valley and /literally Skyrim/ is a huge testament to it's quality. The only game that I have more hours in are the ones I often accidentally leave open. It's fun, cute, and each playthrough is unique. I look forward to future updates from the development team!"
76561198386819970,Recommended,440650,34846992,Posted: 9 September,all,bgardner06,i like the game i just wish that steam would let you put it on more than one computer because i put it on my family computer and then the computer stopped working so now i can't play it unless i buy it again so yah.
76561198295369455,Recommended,440650,35136191,Posted: 22 September,all,mma0220,I love the game exept for give 3 days to feed our spieces before they die and easier to find food.
,Recommended,440650,35144002,Posted: 22 September,all,The Piltover Enforcer,The best way I can describe this is if Spore's creature stage was a turn based strategy game
76561198060810805,Recommended,440650,35171811,Posted: 23 September,all,Marty_Dickfly,"I loved playing the game, It's a really neat concept with nice graphics. The survival aspect is interesting, really gets you thinking fast. However, after 30 minuetes of gameplay, my internet security alerted me that Niche was infecting my computer with malicious software/a trojan.My system had to do a full reboot and then my computer had to restart. Luckily, everything is okay and a full scan of my computer shows that everything is clean. Would love to play the game but I'd even love it more if it didn't try to infect my computer with malicious software.TLDR: Good game, Good concept but malicious software in the data.7/10"
76561198388098162,Recommended,440650,32374499,Posted: 12 June,all,meganmorrisseyjones,"Ok, so I got onto the homepage, and tried to click 'play' but nothing happened, I wasted $20 on a game I can't even play.plz help. The comuter is an HP, so i'm wondering if steam doesn't work on that. Again, plz help.I reccomend it, but I haven't even played it. HELPPPP! :("
76561198317387549,Recommended,440650,26421935,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,JazzProwl,I love the game but here's the think... it never updated. What's the problem?
76561198381305382,Recommended,440650,35208466,Posted: 25 September,all,SociallyAwkwardDuck,"Such an amazing game,so happy with it!"
,Recommended,440650,28743783,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Zim Zam The Spaceman #SpyMain,its a fun calm game and its cute its good if your playing for just fun and not for chalenge but some peaple might want a hard mode like survival a normal mode and a easy and a begginer personaly that shold be added i get its early aces i recumend itLATEST UPDATE REVIEWi only played the new update for a little bit but its great just the saves being overdated thing should be fixed andi havent noticed any bugs at all in any vercion and the famly tree is nice this is more releistic i wood like difrend body coverings than just fur though and difrent sizes and the no paw starting is bad unless its random and i just got unlucky its still a recumend thoughUPDATEi noticed that the latest update is harder than the last one can you fix that please? add a easy mode in the next update please it wood be nice
,Recommended,440650,35131418,Posted: 22 September,all,Lakestar,"I have wanted this game for along time,  when i got it i could hardly stop playing it, the main story or as you would call ""Storymode"" its well done the animations and the artwork is lovely!  I honestly love this game. Out of all the choices i chose this game, if you love animals and breeding games this is a must have!"
76561198263800557,Recommended,440650,35433197,Posted: 2 October,all,bunnypie27,best
76561198252146098,Not Recommended,440650,25890506,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Shifty Mole,"While I do like the game, I do not recommend purchasing it until the full version is released.I wish there was a ""Neutral"" rating on Steam. This game has a lot of potential and Team Niche managed to reach all of their stretch goals on Kickstarter. The game as of now lacks important features like a family tree. I believe the game right now is not worth the asking price. I don't know if I was just lucky, but I managed to get through my first island fairly quickly with little difficulty.Whenever Niche receives a full release, I'll change my review if I think the game is worth the price. I want this game to be a success and not another Early Access/Kickstarter disaster."
76561198056585883,Recommended,440650,35142904,Posted: 22 September,all,Truff,"It's not really too much to think about, just relax, propagate, and move on. Great for kids and lady friends. A very fun way to pass away a night or two. It DOES get old rather fast, but I would recommend as a game to get on sale for sure."
,Recommended,440650,35115676,Posted: 21 September,all,orioniszeta,This game is awesome.
,Not Recommended,440650,35163738,Posted: 23 September,all,MightOfaMillionMen,"after couple hours of play, gets real boring."
,Recommended,440650,25618778,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Xhell,"I asked for a refund because the game is too expensive for a single player game for me, but it's definitely interesting, I will come back to it later."
,Not Recommended,440650,35117649,Posted: 21 September,all,Dounlode,"Niche looked like it was going to be a really fun game right up until I hit the tutorial and it became obvious how poorly designed the interface is.One step of the tutorial tells you to click the family tree button ""in the lower left"", but there are a lot of buttons in the lower left and most of them aren't labeled.  None of the stats are explained in the tutorial, nor is the mutation mechanic, the action count, or many of the other important features.It gets even worse once you leave the tutorial and puts you on an ""easy"" island.  I don't dislike hard games, I love a challenge.  But there's a difference between something being hard because it requires skill and something being hard because you can't win if the game decides to throw the wrong thing at you.  Here's the setup for this problem:  All of your animals have a limited lifespan and can take a maximum of three actions per day, two or even one if they're not fully grown.  Those actions include moving, collecting food, cutting grass, attacking things, mating, everything.  Each of your animals also require one unit of food every day which must be located and collected.  Movement actions are limited to one space at a time if there's tall grass in the way and almost every space starts off with tall grass.  That, in and of itself, was frustrating enough.  All three actions in a day would be spent cutting grass and moving to find food while the food meter slowly goes to zero.  And then just when you think you've got all your space cleared up for easy movement and your food sources located and you might actually be able to start playing the game, the grass starts growing back.  It doesn't even grow back in the order you removed it, it's as though every space has a percent chance of just spawning new grass every day.  If you do manage to secure enough food sources to keep your animals fed, some bigger creature shows up and starts systematically killing them off.  In my first game some huge black thing showed up and started attacking my animals one at a time and it took three days of all three animals attacking it with every action to kill it and by that time it had killed two of them and the last one was starving.  This is the easy island right out of the tutorial and it didn't get any better in subsequent games.So no, I don't recommend anyone buy this game.  If it was in early access I could cut it some slack for not having its systems sorted out yet, but this is a full release which means someone had to look at this and say ""Yup, that's what I want my game to be"".  That's upsetting because this game looks like it has so much promise.  Revamp the tutorial and rethink the core systems and I would give it another chance, but the way it is I can't bring myself to start up another new file."
76561197999795539,Recommended,440650,25728353,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Veskaida,"-In the grim darkness of the Day 1 Millenia there is only Monsterbears......And starvation.-Rabbits steal all berries from bushes-Prego cats stand in nests giving birth atop the bones of their mothers-Babycats must fight on the very day they are born against the horde of Monsterbears-""Pomf~ Wah! What are we going to do on the bed, Catstud-kun? :3""-Oh god that snout... it's buckteeth is hideous...-Blind? BLIND?!-Desperately sending the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, the sick, and political enemies to the front lines to die for the glory of the empire-Studcats breeding younger and younger Slutcats, pushing the definitions of pedophilia (""That Catslut is not old enough for mating!"")-""That Slutcat is already pregnant!""-Slutcats must travel miles to the island's center, just to be impregnated with Studcat's superior sperm-Studcat impregnates dozens of females, times are finally good-Slutcats begin starving from constant travel-Studcat has to slowly circumnavigate the island to reach each Catslut while avoiding Monsterbears-No matter how hard he tries to sow his seed, all Studcat's offspring are either females or genetic derps-Catstud dies of old age and depression as Derpstuds impregnate all the females effortlessly-Derps flourish and found a great interstellar empire, leaving Catstud as but a footnote in their history books"
76561198025394635,Not Recommended,440650,35169533,Posted: 23 September,all,Cpt.Selva[Hk] - Off for Concurso,"A very simple game.You ALWAYS start with a specie similar to a fox and it's only about finding food, managing numbers of animals and ok.No deep UI options, no deep thinking strategies, no complex decision making, no story modes (despite having one) and the Sand Box version only has the option to change difficulty and the map, very ""customizable"" .Maybe a good game for tablets or smartphones, not PCs."
,Recommended,440650,34401812,Posted: 21 August,all,💗Sleeping w/ Crazy in me💗,"Like to see how your species in Niche will pass on/evolve?Like Spore?Like evolution?Curious to see how many things will turn out?Get this game, it'll most likely be a game you prefer.If not? Refund it, simple as that.I bet 90% of you who read this review won't refund it. x3"
76561198054489453,Recommended,440650,28996380,Posted: 3 January,all,reigor_sureclaw,"i can,t do testing and i will like to SO PLZ GIVE ME THE UPDATE PLZ! :("
76561198383534961,Recommended,440650,34002877,Posted: 3 August,all,iplayminecraft2005,IT DOUSENT WORK
,Not Recommended,440650,34784656,Posted: 6 September,all,Darknuke,"Extremely tedious right now. Managing each individual creature is an unbelievable amount of boring micromanagement. There isn't much interesting gameplay that happens in the first hour or so, so it's difficult to get hooked.It certainly has promise, but I would wait a while before buying it."
,Not Recommended,440650,35396959,Posted: 1 October,all,Sheldonfrith,Gameplay is not very fun. Its not like Spore where you actually get to create your own species and stuff.
,Recommended,440650,35118312,Posted: 21 September,all,Anwinity,"I like genetics. Genetics is cool. Let's play.Daddy meets mommy. Mommy gets pregnant and gives birth to me. We move to new island. Mommy gets attacked by a bear, but together they took it down and we had food for days. Then mommy ate a strange fruit and died. Daddy decided to mate with me instead and I had a baby. Daddy was getting old, so he tried to find me a new mate. We found this small male creature. Not ideal, but he'd do. Uh oh, it started raining. Daddy died and it turned out my mate was infertile. Sigh."
,Not Recommended,440650,35191720,Posted: 24 September,all,Charby,"The general idea of the game appeared good at first, but it's kinda boring. You don't really have anything to do beside eat and breed...The choices of genes are small too. Maybe I'll give another try after a couple of updates/DLC."
,Not Recommended,440650,35211499,Posted: 25 September,all,TheVisionEx,"This is a very average, low quality game. Not a great deal above $5-7.Look to Spore for a more complete experience."
76561197989237170,Not Recommended,440650,35176063,Posted: 24 September,all,Toothless,"Short review : entered game, began tutorial, game crashed, entered again, started and crashed again , refunded. Sorry, it has potential to be a good game, but for now, at least for me, not worth it.If devs fix the problems, might buy it back again."
76561198255013244,Recommended,440650,25777881,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Remy the Scholar,"great game.  fantastic concept and looking forward to playing this and helping it develop, however... i just had a pup named isis... ISIS???!!! ARE YOU KIDDING ME DEVS!! FIX THAT IMMEDIATELY!!! check screenshots if you dont believe me..."
,Not Recommended,440650,35192509,Posted: 24 September,all,Velstex,"Overdetailed aspects that are not explained in the tutorial. Lazy UI, no explanation for certain things, how do I lick my wounds for example? Very simple graphics, cant be anything except a fox-like creature. No animations. Overall a very lazy game that isnt worth the money its being sold for."
76561198109312127,Not Recommended,440650,35275542,Posted: 28 September,all,SCROTUS,"Broken game.  I played for 11 minutes between when I bought it and now and it never worked for me.  Steam decided that even though the game ""released"" a week ago, I can't have a refund.  Will never buy another game in early access again, total rip-off on release."
,Recommended,440650,25598266,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,ButterGamer,good game but make it less hard plz
,Not Recommended,440650,35187384,Posted: 24 September,all,twitch.tv/patrolee,"Ah.. well. I had high hopes for this game when it first was on the steam store, and bought it the first (or second) day version 1 came out.This isn't what I expected."
76561198072939291,Not Recommended,440650,34941198,Posted: 13 September,all,Mokona,"This game has no goal in mind its just breed a generic looking thing into another generic looking thing that looks exactly the same as it did before. There is no challenge since food is so easy to come by and the only ""threat"" on the little island you have can easily be killed before anything of yours dies. Now they announce they will be launching the game soon and have added ""different"" maps to the game and that is what they call a complete game. Not worth the money, becomes dull after an hour."
76561197992852801,Not Recommended,440650,35146006,Posted: 23 September,all,SKiller,"The game is definitely made well and the concept is very interesting, but the game itself just doesn't offer much.It kinds of offers slow paced gameplay that isnt thrilling that much."
76561198224230776,Not Recommended,440650,30865595,Posted: 31 March,all,myanimalife,"It is ok, but it is kind of boring. Not worth what the asking price is."
,Not Recommended,440650,35125012,Posted: 22 September,all,mibat,"I  looked forward to this game's release for a long time, and I'm so disappointed. It's not that the game itself is bad. It's that the tutorial is so terrible I can't figure out how to play it at all. I came in as a total beginner and all I learned was how to move my creature around and get food. Then I went extinct, and have no idea why or how to avoid it. Etc. I don't want handholding every step of the way, but some explanation of game mechanics and context would make it possible to play it. They're just not there now. I ended up refunding. I'm not willing to go watch outdated YouTube videos to try to figure it out; the game should have adequate intro material on its own."
76561198410077264,Not Recommended,440650,33997924,Posted: 3 August,all,rvv722,"This is a seriously hard game, I died at least ten times now and it is really frustrating. There is no tutorial and once your animal gets sick you basically have to abandon them which is not realistic to all species. Second, no matter how many islands I hop I always land on a swamp. Isn't there other types of islands now? I am really disappointed. 2 stars"
,Not Recommended,440650,34498334,Posted: 26 August,all,taylorindi,i dont like the new update for the next can you go back please i really dont like the game at the moment i dont have it anymore becose it is not fun
76561198328321368,Not Recommended,440650,33576258,Posted: 15 July,all,jakob45225,realy repetitive
,Not Recommended,440650,31890490,Posted: 21 May,all,Laurond,"You should try it out for yourself to make up your own mind, but...Don't."
76561198385226513,Not Recommended,440650,35442693,Posted: 3 October,all,gcampise1997,I do not like this game at all mostly because half the time i don't even know what im doing the only reason i still have the game is because i went over the widow to return it by like five minutes
76561198344967347,Not Recommended,440650,28438897,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,lizermel,"I hve like the game so far, however there is a major bug for me.  Whenever I try to move to the third island with several members of my pack, the game shows the green travel screen and never moves onto the next island.  I end up giving up and forcing the game to quit."
76561198028143470,Not Recommended,440650,30396974,Posted: 8 March,all,jbaatz317,This game is too buggy keeps being identified by my firewall as maleware. File is quarintined have to uninstall reinstall. updates are weird and not what you would expect like more content without fixing key issues. Would not recommend this to anyone.
76561198015593031,Not Recommended,440650,35140922,Posted: 22 September,all,ORKOID,"i got zero joy from this, was clunky, bland, ugly and there was very little visual variation from snimal to animal. only played like 30 min then refunded."
,Not Recommended,440650,25639140,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,[Tech] Knoar,"I don't understand why so many reviews say this game is difficult.  On my first attempt (and in under two hours) I explored the entire map, bred about 30-40 kangaroo-foxes, had too much food, killed all carnivores, then lost interest in this stupid easy game and refunded."
,Not Recommended,440650,25714719,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,[BBC] Glass,"I found this game boring, and frankly not fun at all! First off, the concept is very narrow. You start out with three females and a male, and make them all f**k eachother. Then you make them all find food and avoid predators, which apparently are ♥♥♥♥ing 10 feet tall giant beasts of doom. That is mostly it. There is not much to it to this game, and frankly I dont understand why people like it."
76561198379078330,Not Recommended,440650,32395562,Posted: 13 June,all,abouty07,ok
76561198089555031,Not Recommended,440650,25518286,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Alue142,"First, I want to say that I have been so excited for this game, I have been playing the demo non-stop and I couldn't wait to start playing today. I am happy that there are a lot of new genes implemented into the game, unfortunately, I cannot get past about 10 minutes because there is only 1 berry bush anywhere within 20 spaces of my starting location and it doesn't rain. I have sacrificed all of my creatures in the name of finding food and still found nothing. I am going to keep trying, but I'm a little upset that I spent money on a game when the free demo was better."
76561198009935205,Not Recommended,440650,25728426,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Catlicker,"aint worth the money i payed for this game, it doesnt feel like a complete game and the variations of different genes is very low. feels like the producers have been exremly lazy. good concept but crappy producers who just want to make easy money."
,Not Recommended,440650,28795172,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Malum,"This game is very hard and confusing, would not recommend since it is boring as well ripped me off 15 bucks, play csgo or some other fps game.  GIVE ME BACK MY NICHE"
,Not Recommended,440650,35111963,Posted: 21 September,all,Multihack,Clunky
,Recommended,440650,29551607,Posted: 28 January,all,sick of ur shit,"I've seen many playthroughs of this but I've downloaded it and I'm unable to play. Whenever I try to open it, it says it crashed. It's really frustrating and I hope someone can help me out."
76561198146255961,Recommended,440650,30591945,Posted: 18 March,all,SibylTarasova,This game is great! It's challenging and keeps my interest for hours. Even for an early access game where sometimes it can be a bit buggy it's fantastic. I'm glad to have found it and added it to my library
76561198339609121,Recommended,440650,30591757,Posted: 18 March,all,cerys.88,I have had this game for a few months and I really enjoyed right from the begining. Each new update brings new things to explore and discover. I cant wait for further upgrades.Its really interesting to have a game with such complex genetics systems. As someone studdying zoology this is actually a really good way of getting to grips with some of the basic genetics and ecology concepts.
76561198056054311,Recommended,440650,30592165,Posted: 18 March,all,fantasy_writer,"It might still be in early access, but the devs are very active and responsive and the game is fun for anyone who is interested in genetics.I can't wait to see what improvements are added in the future!"
76561198369011381,Recommended,440650,30611379,Posted: 19 March,all,bellopopello,i'd definitely recommend this game. it's really addicting and it can get quite hard too when you end up on a hard island with only 2 or 3 creatures left. i'm really looking forward on seeing how the finished version of this game ends up being. i cant wait :)
76561198303199407,Recommended,440650,30607660,Posted: 18 March,all,Lilly Riddle,"A very good game, can't stop playing, and its have very good replay value as its never the same twice, I have logged over 30 hours and in one save over 10 hours. ^^"
76561198231807024,Recommended,440650,30604643,Posted: 18 March,all,pegasusgrace,"This is the best generics game I've seen in a while. There are so many combinations, both asthetic and survival traits, and so many different biomes! The diversity is amazing, and the current updates add so much to the game. You can make your creatures hunters, collecters, crackers, fishers, and so much more! Niche is an excellent game with genetics to play with and have your nichelings survive, using your own strategy and style"
76561198182780518,Recommended,440650,30627202,Posted: 19 March,all,Baby_Avlon,"For this game being an early release, and still having a few things that need to be done, it is a wonderful game. I love playing it. Carefully selecting pairs to breed, banishing other creatures, and having fun with the mutation menu is all very satifying. The game plays very well on desktops and laptops, even after over 16 hours of play I have no seen any game lag.Of course, it being an early release, it has it's bugs and problems. But none that can't be over looked."
76561198281312715,Recommended,440650,30628795,Posted: 19 March,all,CometShine,"When I first saw this game on the front page without seeing/knowing anything about it the first thing I thought of was, ahh this game looks really weird, I probably won't look into it. Then a while later I saw a niche video in my youtube feed and I thought well okay I'll go take a look and see what it's all about. First couple minutes in I was like ohh this is a turn based game? pshh must be boring since it's so restricted. But the more and more I watched this youtuber play it, strangly the more and more I got interested in it. Instead of watching one video I watched their whole series on it and in the end I bought the game. Now, this was back when a lot of updates weren't made, but since then the game has gotten so much updates and so much has been added to the game to make it even more fun. I feel the developers really listen to the community and are passionate on the game's progress. Lots of things were added, tweaked, removed, but all for the better. And even though a lot has been put in, a lot still has YET to be put in the game thanks to a ton of suggestions and ideas from the community. This feels like a really solid game already and I can't wait to see what's in store for the future! I definitely recommend this game to anyone who likes biology, strategy, cute animals, and survival. As far as cons go though, there isn't much I can think of despite that it's still early access and there will be bugs and unfinished items and such, but that's normal and expected. I also appreciate the fact that I can change the resolutions on the game since my computer can't run it very well on fullscreen. And my computer is not the most powerful, it's the basic laptop so I bet anyone can play it on their computer! But all in all it's a very fun game and I'll be continuing to play it as it develops!"
76561198080208632,Recommended,440650,30614459,Posted: 19 March,all,Dr. Pepper,This game is adorable and really really fun if you like games like this! There are multiple difficulties for most playstyles and the game is improving and updating all the time. I challenge you to not get attatched to the little guys!
,Recommended,440650,30620986,Posted: 19 March,all,Beabop307,This game so far has been seriously adorable. I love how random the genetics can get and the stories you can build with the characters (if you like doing that kind of thing). It's such a fun game to explore and build your own pack with. All the updates have made the game better and given us loads to do and I'm so excited for the next one. If you like strategy games with really cute animals than I highly suggest getting this game!
76561198182991329,Recommended,440650,30644724,Posted: 20 March,all,Walnut Butter,"This is my first review on a game.I really really enjoy this game. It's cute and is very unique. I definitely recomend this game!I find it being unique in how it's turn based and has strategy but in a genetic way.I actually think this is my all time favorite game since I'm always playing it. Anyone who enjoys strategy, genetics, and a wide variety looks then this is probably the game for you."
76561198357847894,Recommended,440650,30649573,Posted: 21 March,all,cheetahnicole,"This game is amazing and adorable!It's not buggy, overall runs well, and is really addictive :PIt poses a  very unique concept, based on genetics and survival. I love the variety of the genetics and all the affects they have on your creatures, and I'm seriously looking forward to future updates!  I also love how stories can develop while you play (it went waaaaay too far for me) and a great time-passer!"
76561198068680632,Recommended,440650,30642353,Posted: 20 March,all,Frukost,Niche is cute - Niche is science
76561198066204286,Recommended,440650,30670737,Posted: 22 March,all,Sunstone,"Honestly? I never knew ANYTHING about genetics. Until Niche. A no-paw could be passed down, Hemophilia, Short sighted, ect. .. But, If it says how much I've played, you'll understand the amazing-ness of this game. It can teach you a bit about genetics, and WHY INBREEDING IS HORRIBLE. It shows you an adorable world, where you have to fight if you want to survive. Yet you can't always fight. I recomend this game if you're sure about the risks of your creatures."
76561198121739212,Recommended,440650,30820551,Posted: 29 March,all,willkey4,"This is a challenging turn-based game revolved around genetics. Although I have become wary of early access games this one is still being developed. Every update so far has greatly increased the diversity of the game, and it is really fun. I still haven't gotten the hang of getting the pack that I want. I would definitely reccommend this game. The only thing I'd really like to see are more threats to the pack, and perhaps more goals to work toward. I don't have doubts that these will be implemented."
76561198066970668,Recommended,440650,30787552,Posted: 27 March,all,Randomfull9,"It's a really fun and interesting game.It has a cool art style and is simple.Easy to learn, though an indepth tutorial system would be more useful."
76561198334167593,Recommended,440650,30788045,Posted: 28 March,all,Vulpix150,This is a great game! Very fun! And actually the reason I downloaded steam because I saw it on youtube and wanted to play it.
76561198048877021,Recommended,440650,30800868,Posted: 28 March,all,LunarNeko,"After putting roughly 10 hours into this early access game I feel like it deserves a good review. I've been playing the game basically since it got greenlit on Steam and I've never regretted supporting these wonderful developers! The gameplay is fun, simple but also has a certain depth to it. It is strategic, but at the same time very open. The game allows you to play around with genetics and you get to decide what you're trying to achieve. The ultimate goal of the game is to survive though, which can be difficult at times, but never frustratingly so. As of every update, I feel like the game is becoming more balanced. The graphics in this game are simple, unique and cute. The creatures change in appearance as the player breeds them with each other and this is one of the things that are very fun to play around with! You never know quite what to expect, which is fun! You also get to explore and as you unveil tiles, you find resorces that will help you survive. This part can be fun when you find new things, but a lot of times you sadly don't find very much. The drawbacks this games has is that it can become repetitive and too easy if you play it for a long time. When the goal of surviving is reached there's not really anything else to strive for. I think this can and will be changed in future updates though, as the game is still in early access. Overall I'd like to recommend this game!"
76561198251994576,Recommended,440650,30801017,Posted: 28 March,all,COCO_PUFF_HOP,"Absoloutely stunning. Beautiful graphics, biomes, rivers, creatures, and pretty much everything else! Out of all the evolution based games I have rarely come across, this has to be the best. The chances of melanism or albinism are fairly realistic, any of the reccessive genes and dominant genes work surpisingly realistically, this game also demonstrates some of how the food chain works and how incest in a family of animals can lead to bad outcomes like for example, the immunity. The only few things I can nit-pick right now however, has to be the lack of leucistic creatures and harder prey items (the crabbits are fairly hard but what I'm referencing is something that flies perhaps...) but other than those, this game is nearly flawless!"
,Recommended,440650,30750156,Posted: 26 March,all,WolfLover,"This Game is amazing. I love the dinamacs of it! Though for me it's kind of hard to stay alive, but I know it's just me!"
,Recommended,440650,30698098,Posted: 23 March,all,U.S.A. Yakuza,"Fundamentally a tun-based strategy game, Niche has an deep focus on the genetic development of your omnivorous species.You explore a procedurally generated map while as the main aspect of gameplay, trying to gather food to survive each turn and make sure that you have your safety carved out for you. Mating is an integral part of insuring the continuation of your species as well, filling out the ranks of your little tribe by selectively (or carelessly) breeding dominant and recessive genes into or out of your tribe's bloodline.Encounters with strangers complicate the development of your species. You can either attack them or offer them food to join the tribe, bringing in new genetic traits faster than natural mutations develop them. It's worthwhile to take a hard look at the stranger themself, as you don't want a mess of negative traits in your gene pool. It might be more beneficial to kill them and eat them, instead of accepting them into the tribe.----------------------------------------------------------------------This game is not finished, but it makes a strong case for funding. It's definitely worth a look, even if you plan on refunding the title. However, I'd urge you to put the money down for it to promote the development of the game. They've got a strong idea in its infancy, and their formula can only improve as time goes on. If twenty dollars seems steep for you, consider that it's a burgeoning development studio with very few resources, and that they're entirely self-published.If you appreciate a radical idea, commit to the purchase. It's an intriguing game, and I appreciate the ingenuity of it."
,Recommended,440650,30698503,Posted: 23 March,all,egg,So much to do and so much to mess around with! Dev's are awesome and know whtat we want and sometimes we didn't even have to say something! Great game over all- keep it up. <3
,Recommended,440650,30720738,Posted: 25 March,all,Just_Kat,Love this game
76561198160058627,Recommended,440650,25930058,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,IronBl00dFang,"Fun. Easy to play and supper addicting! Although more actions would be great;Such as,-More biomes-More genetics-Abbility to put the Poison Fangs on Gene Select-More coat options-More actions (Fishing, Hunting, Patroling further, and the like)-ect.I truly believe this game has great and ever lasting potential. I truly wish I had known of the game sooner as to be a Backer but late will have to do! Keep up the great work and keep expanding the Niche world and no doubt it'll be a top selling game in no time!"
76561198304155808,Recommended,440650,25926906,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Cheshire_Panda,It would be nice if you could restart from the beginning without having to save and return to the main menu. Different difficultly levels. A wider variety of music to listen to while playing. More than one type of carnivores to defend from and animals to eat as well. Great game so far.
,Recommended,440650,25720213,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Sakkano,"When I was in high school, my biology class eventually hit the unit on genetics. The concept was really interesting to me, so I have a soft spot for games that deal with breeding and genetics.In this game you have two creatures to start. Your goal is to get a healthy population going. Of course, this might be a little difficult because you not only need to explore your territory but you need to gather food in which  to help your population thrive. You'll need to keep a varied gene pool, or else the liklihood of disease wiping out your population runs high. Soe people are calling this a rogue-like game. I'm in disagreement with this as it's not in a dungeon, but it is turn-based.Still in it's development phase, the game shows a lot of promise, ut this game might not be for you if you're into action and adventure. If you like slower, more cerebral games, this might appeal more towards you."
76561198259426904,Recommended,440650,25731850,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,LoganBerry,"Niche is a wonderful game! Even in Alpha it still stands strong, if you're into strategic gaming and cute cat creatures (this is the internet, right?), this is the game for YOU!I have played about nine hours now and I love every minute of it! I have nearly conquered the island now, and it feels so good.If you enjoy a relaxing yet challanging game, you will love Niche!"
76561198331830571,Recommended,440650,25629772,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,breannajoy2014,I love this game I belive it is unique to other games. I would recomend this game to a lot of people in fact I already have. The only problem is that my game is very lagy and runs very slow. Its deffinatly not my computer since it is new. But other than that I hope this game will get better through the future updates.
76561198330838248,Recommended,440650,25693605,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Booms,"Fun and extremely stragetic game! However, I do not recommend getting it YET as it does not feel anywhere near ready, especially if you have seen it on YouTube because there really isn't alot at all to do."
76561198053988784,Recommended,440650,25642770,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Stephen,I really enjoy the game concept. I haven't seen a game try to tackle evolution and succeed this well since Spore. I really hope the development team keeps updating it.
76561198067044601,Recommended,440650,25895596,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,XxloonaxX21,"This game is awesome and super fun, I've been looking for a game like this and I am so glad that it is happening! it is of course in early access and has quiet a bit of work that still needs done but I have high hopes and I can not wait to keep playing as the game is improved."
76561198031330266,Recommended,440650,25862126,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Sangdrax,"I had a great amount of fun with this early concept. It has a decent amount of potential to be a fun game. although the game is indeed focused on genetics, its much more of a survival game. I restarted 4 times before I learned how to thrive and survive. once I learned the mechanics of the game tho....It bacame a bit mundane. the most dangerous thing to happen to me was that once I had a well established tribe of about 15, I noticed all my females were on the verge of dying of old age. eventually I ended up with one lone female who basically repopulated the whole tribe. At this point, all my hard work to keep a diversified gene pool was wasted due to the fact that she mated with almost every male in the tribe. introducing new genetic traits to the tribe became quite the chore and there isnt much else to do once the Island has been over populated with my inbred species. I would love to see a little more variety with : genetic traits, predators, food sources, possibly seasonal events? I really loved that each character had a name made me feel more connected and sorry when they did die."
76561198098006518,Recommended,440650,25863962,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,athenaonyx,"This game is off to a good start.   It's fun to breed your creatures (they need at name!)  and they are darn cute.  It fun managing your little society, figuring out where they all should go to make the best situation out of it.  It's challenging deciding how best to spend your food points, and determining what genes should be passed into the next generation and which ones should be forgotten.It's not there yet though.  If $18 is a lot of money to you, you might want to wait.I've noticed I get bored within 7 hours and decide to start a new save file.Hour 1 - Challenging.  I have just enough food to ensure that I keep the colony going.Hour 2 - It's a cinch right now, but it's fun because I'm choosing mates based on their dna, hoping for some powerful babies, and I'm organizing the society into workers, breeders, warriors, explorers, etc.Hours 3-5 I'm enjoying my success food is easierHour 6 - I'm beginning to notice I'm just doing the same old thing over and over again.The game has potential.  If they add more stuff to it I can see it being very enthralling.  It's a fun game, if you like simulation and playing around with genetics you should definitely consider getting it."
76561198275766686,Recommended,440650,25856963,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Purpleasshole,"This game consumed my life for about a week-its fun and challenging at first but slows down greatly once you figure it out and manage to explore the entire island. It's still early access so I expect great things coming! First I'd love a family tree to check and look at, which many have mentioned. I'd love to see more genetics added, I heard there will be an option to crossbreed with the carnivores which sounds awesome and horrifying.10/10 would waste my time again. Can't wait to see more!"
,Recommended,440650,25842482,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,PurpleTartan,"Niche is a turn based strategy game based around genetics and survival in the natural world. Its a great game for teaching someone the basics of how genes work. The cute cat bunny animals are adorable and the bear monsters are terrifying. :'DDespite being very early in development there is already a basic game here, which is so nice to see as a lot of Eary Access games often have nothing to show except maybe a map and some assets.I am looking forward to seeing more content being added; May I suggest maybe more genes to play with and maybe different starting pairs that people can choose from to either make the game easier of harder. That would be cool. :)"
76561198083250159,Recommended,440650,25981692,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,toriegarcia89,"The game looks very adorable, at first it's fun to play and then everyone starts dying but it's still fun to play. I'm very excited to see how it evolves as they start adding more features into the game. The game at time can be simple but difficult but that's the whole fun with games.I would recommend you to buy it so you can make your own little families and see if they can survive and I also recommend buying it cause it shows the game developers that you like this game and want them to do more for it. It helps the game eventually get out of Early Access"
,Recommended,440650,25969781,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Marijane45,"This is one of the cutest, best game I've ever played in my life."
76561198279569446,Recommended,440650,26319821,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,21tg2334,"This game has a very bright future and I love the idea! Although there are some bugs and maybe some stuff that should be fixed, Its very good for early access game I really wish you could just have a character Creator with all the Genes just for fun. Another plus is that the art style, it is very unique unlike any other I have seen and I love how its the kind of game were you figure it out for yourself instead of the game telling you, I love when games do that!This is a very good game and I do reccomend it!"
,Recommended,440650,26275514,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Dualscar,"I absolutely love the idea and format of the game, can't wait to see what else this game has to offer in the future!"
76561198335977798,Recommended,440650,26215801,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Lyrha,"For the early acess evalution,I'll say that it's pretty good ! With a famillythree,and some more updates coming out soon,it's an amazing game !A friend have asked me what I would like to see in this game,in the future,well, wings would be pretty cool.They could give a bonus on speed or how far the animal can moove,and maybe some strengh.I would like to see a fish-tail and maybe a ocean biome where only the catfish mutant could go and explore,eat,making babies and survive in front of enemies.Then,maybe one day,I'd love to see a multiplayer server where you can do the same as alone,but making tribes with others,it could be fun !The only ""bad"" thing I could say about it it's when you unlock a gene and you try to put it on the 10% or the 30%,sometimes  the icon get stuck in the middle of the screen and you have to exit the game to fix it.Hope my evaluation have give you some ideas and help to make the game better.On a good game evaluation,good day/night,Lyrha."
,Recommended,440650,26307305,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,x.abigaillewis.x,Still waiting on October Update! I enjoy this game and the simplicity of it. Sometimes the sundown/sunrise button does not work unless I move around the map for a few seconds.
76561198014351776,Recommended,440650,26273832,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Felathal,"While this game is is pretty bare-bones at the moment, I must say I quite enjoyed the hours I put into it for the first time. The music and art are very soothing and I love the concept of the game. Looking forward to more content being added."
,Recommended,440650,26220937,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,remarkablespork,"I normally shy away from Early Access titles as they have a terrible tendency to flop and become abandoned by the devs, but this game was so interesting I couldn't help but buy it. It is the most unique blend of a sim, rpg, and turn based strategy. It reminds me a lot of Sanctum, in a way. One of the best things about it is that you grow attached to your little critters and really work to see them grow and develop into a healthy and happy family. I really hope this game stays active and updated, and eventually released! This is one title that deserves more attention, for sure!"
76561198330677208,Recommended,440650,26666090,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,l.lawlietdev,Ok let me start by saying this a great game but I really think all in needs is a lot more updates island like super hard and ultra hard stuff like that and the ability to use MODS!!!
76561198089225398,Recommended,440650,26966686,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Gloominescent,"Niche is a great game for so many different reasons. It's adorablee, it's a good calm game that's not all over the place with flashy graphics, and it actually makes you use your brain. It's a good focusing game, and the creatures are absurdly cute. Not too much good, since everything eventually dies off and can be killed; you got have balance. ^_^"
76561198119438849,Recommended,440650,26577486,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,llessur evol,"Edit: I played it before the little islands so I played it again to see if the changes mattered. I think with the smaller area it is easier to extend the life of your animals. However if you want to migrate, then you have to move all of the animals you want to keep around a certain tile and interact with that tile. I like that idea. Only the strongest make it to the next area. The only problem is making sure that whole new pack is well enough on food to make the journey. So you sacrifice a few of your gatherers to make sure the new pack will come out with enough food to start anew. The new ""marking"" is great though. Now you can change the colors of the animals' AP (R,G,B) so you can distinguish between them at a quick glance. Randoms still are garbage though. I know they're RNG but I ran into 3 in my recent play through. 2 were blind and all 3 were about 5 turns from death. I found them within 15 turns.At first I didn't recommend the game and honestly I still think it needs work but I think that the developers love their game and it shows in even just one update. Keep it up guys.I bought this game because it looked interesting and new. The only problem was that your animals just die off too quickly. Genetically altering your future brood to what you want is next to impossible because you end up just breeding to keep players on the field. The randoms you run into only make it worse for you because they are never worth it and so you use them to find more sources of food but in turn they eat your stash right to nothing. I suppose you could just have them not move and just eventually die off because they also are usually right next to death when you find them as well.Maybe you can add something that tells you who the parents are of the kids? If you're going to make it to where incest can ruin your stats, then why not make it so you know what family that animal is in. Maybe even have a family tree with traits of the parents even?"
,Recommended,440650,26608128,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,amanda,"I have played for a few hours and have found myself really enjoying this game. Even though the early release is 19$, it is worth every penny. If you like simulators and have an interest in biology and strategy games, Niche is for you."
76561198336942627,Recommended,440650,26653681,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,emilywils100,"Its so much fun but be warned, once you start, all sense of time gets flushed down a toilet"
,Recommended,440650,28142128,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Panda_Sappeh,Niche is a really fun puzzle-survival game which is totally addicting! 10/10 I'd recommend! It has great animation so far and a variety of genetics you can play around with!
,Recommended,440650,28128655,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,sneklemore,"Niche is one of those games that you only find once in a very long while - it has so much potential, especially for a game in (Alpha? Beta? Unsure how to classify). The style of the game visual are clear, concise, and it is easy to figure out what means what. Controls are also easy - I would have enjoyed this game even as a kid.The scientific aspect added to the game through the use of immunity genes and physical appearance makes the game a challenge (make your pack aesthetically pleasing whilst trying to become strong hunters and/or prolific gatherers.I'm excited to follow this game through its development!Aesthetic: ★★★★Gameplay: ★★★★★Ease of Use: ★★★Average: ★★★★/★★★★★"
76561198099014170,Recommended,440650,30966927,Posted: 5 April,all,Caius~♠,"With this games steady updates I can say with certainty that this is definitely worth playing. Even as it is now, incomplete, it is addicting challenging and fun.I am someone who has ADHD so I can get really focused in on things that I enjoy, and this has really captured my attention. The way you manage and build families is complex yet simple and easy to pick up on. I know that if I had this game as a child I would definitely be able to understand and learn from it. This can be a fun gaming experience for adults, and a good biology teaching tool for children.Generally the game plays smoothly and what little bugs there are simply exist cause this is the alpha version. My only other problem is I find it easy to misclick or make mistakes so I feel like sometimes the icons aren't as visually telling and you could make a slight mistake.The models look good there are so many options for trait combinations and I can only see it getting better from here. My only other problem is with some of the genes cause it seems like there is wasted potential for some body parts, like obvious things that certain paws should be able to do that they just aren't. Hopefully in later versions the traits will be updated and moved around, cause right now there are some things that seem like common sense that aren't included."
76561198341445492,Recommended,440650,28214535,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,elmoslittlebear,"I love this game its super fun and educational. I recently suggested  my school use it to help teach their students about genetics, also i think it would be cool if there was a Niche app where you get see your tribe from the computer on your device and manage them when you don't have access to a computer."
,Recommended,440650,28173690,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Mona,i think literally the only things that would make this game perfect would be to add a timeline/family tree option and make islands bigger. other than that this game is amazing and i would recommend it to anyone
76561198348770400,Recommended,440650,28171770,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,jboden53,"i went into the game (niche) and made a profile and i went in to the world and the color was all wrong, the grass was bright pink, the cleared ground was blue,the lines that seaprate the game tiles were non exisistant and so were the niche animals, the controls worked fine though and so did the niche animals i would click on the empty space (the cleared ground) and the infromation for the animals showed up and they could move, clear grass and pick berries. please fix this."
,Recommended,440650,28245136,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,ryannichols,"My Niche wont update i still only have grass lands and i am trying to participating in the beta i entered the code ""supermutation"" and selected ""Preview"" Please help if you have an idea on how to fix this problem."
76561198276198446,Recommended,440650,28299837,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,jamiernichols,"AMAZING game!!!! Loved it! 10/10! Also how do I acess the new update? ""Experiment'"
76561198345958010,Recommended,440650,28319673,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Scribble,"I love this game, im not one to play mc/pc computer games but this game is so fun and i find my self playing for hours.Im having trouble get the early acces for 0.1.7 ive seen people playing on youtube."
76561198307825976,Recommended,440650,28336697,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,SilenceTheWolf,"Well I would like to start by saying that this game is an awesome game and if you are looking through the reviews, trying to decide if you want this game or not, trust me you do. Anyways besides being a total amazing game overall, im having trouble updating it. I am still on update 0.1.5 (Sorry if thats not the correct way to say it) and i would like to get to further updates but i can't find the ""Beta"" tab for updating. If someone who knows more about the game than me can help me somehow it will be more than greatly appreciated, for I would love to continue playing the game with more updates. Thank you for reading!! :)"
,Recommended,440650,28333713,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,massfed,"The core mechanics are there, nice and simple and appeasing. However, it definetly has a long way to go. Needs a much larger expansions of traights to unlock, and some over arching game progression or goal or some competitive multiplayer. Only has a couple of hours of entertainment value to it currently. Overall I like it, but I would reccomend you wait until it has a couple more than 2-3 hours of gameplayability before shelling out $20."
,Recommended,440650,28393482,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Spahce,"This is a very good game if you really like genetics, and if you want a challenge. The cats? monkeys? dogs? whatever they are are really cute, so it's fun to come up with different genes to make them look good and be equally helpful and not useless. It can kind of be hard to play if you don't really know anything about it, so it might take ya a while to figure out all the tricks (Youtube videos are really handy), but it's totally worth the time it takes to figure out how to get good."
76561198061824645,Recommended,440650,28314120,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,wesleto02,"This game is adorable, fun, thought provoking, and sometimes brutally hard.It's still in early access and requires some more content updates.But as of right now the mechanics are solid. It plays like a single player board game, with relaxing background music for a chill experience."
,Recommended,440650,28310843,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,deniseisnotawesome,"This game is fun and addicting! I cannot wait to see the finished product.This game is a fun way to learn about genetics. Trying to breed the perfect creature is one of the most frustrating and fun things I've ever tried to do. This game is great, even though it is still in development. It really is worth every last penny!"
76561198274210662,Recommended,440650,28298313,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Just_Speckle,"At the start you might worry, especially on your first time, but its atcually really easy after a bit for the first island of course, where the only dangers are starvation, predators, and bad genetics. So its a nice relaxing game, you can play it so often, and have some fun. Plus the creatures are adorable :D."
76561198370892891,Recommended,440650,33013808,Posted: 29 June,all,Bethanykronquist,love the game so far cant wait to see what other updates they do
76561198236691886,Recommended,440650,33016439,Posted: 29 June,all,LittleWolf,I love Niche! It is a very entertaining game that is even educational.
76561198297346903,Recommended,440650,33100914,Posted: 1 July,all,Tiny Box Tim (ger),its a very awesome and cute game!what i am wondering about is:if there is if theres going to be a wing mutation someday  and if u will be able to breed with some of the animals that hunt your species. maybe only the females or smth  that  would be cool
,Recommended,440650,31385027,Posted: 26 April,all,PaliThePumpkin,"After playing this game for a while I can say, it its truly an amazing game! The style is pretty and fun and the itself is really complex and difficult as time progesses (even if it doesn't seem so at first!) You really have to put thought into EVERY move because everything you do will have an impact on how you move on through the game. if you are careless and don't think about disicions you most likley won't do so well. But if you think through every move you are sure to succeed! I really hope this game has success and I would reccomend buying it! Unless you don't like these sort of games!"
,Recommended,440650,32968948,Posted: 28 June,all,Island Person,I really like this game. Can't wait for the full version.
76561198041618732,Recommended,440650,33063963,Posted: 30 June,all,i0u,"I had wanted this game long before I actually got it, and when I first opened the game, I was simply amazed. Even though I had watched a lot of YouTube videos, and nearly sucked out all of the information on the Niche Wiki, there was much more stuff I didn't know about because I simply hadn't played the game. I've had Niche for months now, and I never had forgotten about it, like I have with some games after I had them for some periods of time. I always try to know about a game as much as I can before I get it, and by the point I play the game, I know all about it, but Niche was a whole new experience. I recommend this game to absolutely anyone who reads this, but mostly to people who like puzzles and games that have depth, or those who like those games that are unique."
76561198131336327,Recommended,440650,33041406,Posted: 30 June,all,Demigod_Lyfe,I love this game
76561198110144588,Recommended,440650,32462654,Posted: 15 June,all,slyryn,Love the game! it's adorable and honestly worth the price!The only thing I have a hard time with (and it's probably user error) surviving past the first island move.I love messing with genetics and looking at pedigreesthere could be some work done with it but it's pretty great for what it is!
76561198108269901,Recommended,440650,32214928,Posted: 6 June,all,Sgt Cheezle,I love this game. It is very easy to play and adds all types of adventer but I would like to have different colored eyes with our creatures like a green eye in one the right and a brown eye in the other like the left. But it can be a hidden ice gene. Also I think that it would be cooler if the horns could possibly be two or three different colors and the stripes and dots could be different colors than just black it kinda gets boring after a while and the coat could be a little more color variety and be white and grey near the muzzle and that niche creatures that have more than 4 days left of life could have slightly paler coats to signify that they have only a few days left and are elderly. Another thing that I suggest in this review is the possibility of bringing back the old nest disigns like in 0.2.1 because it will bring a feel of before the game became so much more grander and grander with each and every update. Also I think that the fertility addition could have a small chance like 5 in 1000 chance of letting females mate with other females. And can you also add Eagle eye which can give a creature long vision like 10 tiles. These are just suggestions about future updates that could possibly be included in them that I personally like as well as a few others might like to have.Also could you add skunk pattern?
76561198247010964,Recommended,440650,31757313,Posted: 14 May,all,Zero348,"This is an AWESOME game. I love it so much. The only thing i would like to see change is some of the dominate traits. Spiky Body, Cracker Jaw and Diggers Paw shouldn't be dominate. They should be Recessive or not as Dominate. They are very annoying. Big Nose should be a dominate trait instead of Cracker Jaw. The spiky Body and Digger Paw need to be lowered as far as them being so dominate"
76561198380706646,Recommended,440650,32621665,Posted: 21 June,all,rowantree23,"Amazing game! Seri! Pixel Biologist! introduced me to this game. It's come a long way from where it first kicked off.  Only issue, for some reason my game is kinda laggy. I think it's because of my laptop, not the game. I recommend this geame.  10 stars!"
76561198039544408,Recommended,440650,33188838,Posted: 3 July,all,✿Rose✿,so fun :)
,Recommended,440650,30603203,Posted: 18 March,all,TheBreakingHell,"Amazing game for everyone who likes a nice strategy based survival game and also genetics. Being very unique in its approach to the genre, I recommend it 100%.It offers an interesting challenge, not too easy but also not very frustrating. At this point of development, it offers several levels of dificulty in the form of several islands. The player can choose to leave for a more difficult one or stay and breed for fun in the easiest one.The genetic system is realistic enough to aid teaching anyone interested in the subject. The survival part is also credible, offering a nice variety of challenges - everything from predators hunting your tribe to lonely males looking to pass on their genes, as well as the more basic things as building nests and looking for food.Also, the little nicheling creatures are adorable and full of personality, you'll definitely care for each individual and feel sad when they die.On a more personal note, I've always been fascinated by genetics and spent a long time searching for a ""breed for results"" kind of game. Needless to say, Niche made me really happy."
76561197986298360,Recommended,440650,33390318,Posted: 8 July,all,Jrocket76,What can I say it's a good game that's difficult and rewarding. There is so much to see aslong as you don't starve in the first 34 minutes 10/10 would starve agin.
76561198374455987,Recommended,440650,33467426,Posted: 11 July,all,kdherringa,"This game was amazing! I play it as often as I can. I love the stories you can make up for your creatures! All of the detail and graphics were astounding, and the gameplay is so fun! I love how its a video game, while at the same time its educational. You learn about animals, how they survive, and how they adapt. For anyone just randomly reading the comments to see if they should buy it; you need this game!"
,Recommended,440650,33459910,Posted: 11 July,all,mintyfreak,"Niche is a great way to kill time. There are a HUGE variety of genetic trais that your creatures can pass on to their young, not to mention a whole page of recessive/dominant traits and another entire page of traits that your creature can pass on (and for each individual!)You start the game with two creatures: Adam and Eve, respectively. Through selective breeding, you can create creatures that have different traits. Better berry collecting? Better sense of smell? Stronger combat? Whatever you like. The object of the game is to explore the island, gather food, fend off predators, and let your pack thrive.Once you have a good surplus of food, you can go to the beach and move to another island. Generally, any island you move to will be larger than the starting island. However, each biome has it's own unique challenges, weather, diseases, and predators.There are some aspects I do not like about this game, though.1) I can't rename my creatures.2) I get super emotionally attached to my creatures and I'm emotionally impacted when they ultimately die.3) There are no steam achievements. (I WANT ACHIEVEMENTS.)I definitely recommend this game though, it's a ton of fun and it's a great way to kill time. 9/10."
76561198121736504,Recommended,440650,33444770,Posted: 10 July,all,waterkitt,"I bought this, and have played it with no regrets.Amazing game."
76561198142072136,Recommended,440650,33446488,Posted: 10 July,all,SaphiretheWhiteTiger,Niche is a game about survival. But to me i think its a game about cuteness. But one thing i dont like are the creatures that have weird mangled jaws.. Eew
,Recommended,440650,33278948,Posted: 5 July,all,Wolvenna,"So far I'm really enjoying the game. I've played for 10 hours and feel like I've barely scratched the surface of the available content. Trying to breed for specific genes while avoiding the complications that come with inbreeding and mutations makes for interesting gameplay.I really like the direction the development seems to be headed. I've spent most of my time playing on the experimental mutations development branch and I've really enjoyed the new gameplay features that they're building towards.Overall, the game seems to be really stable. I didn't experience any game breaking bugs or glitches. There are a few minor annoyances that don't seem like much, but add up over time.The biggest annoyance, for me, is that you can navigate using WASD or the Arrow keys. I prefer WASD but if I press more than one key at a time (which frequently happens when switching from one direction to another) it immediately begins renaming the currently selected creature. Because of this, I have quite a few creatures named ""sssssss"" and ""asa."" There's already a mechanic in game where you click on the name and can type in a new one so I'm not sure if this is a feature or a glitch. If a glitch, then I hope it's fixed. If it's a feature then...I really hope it gets fixed.Another annoyance is that, as your pack grows, it becomes more difficult to manage each individual creature. While that is as it should be, the problem arises when creatures die and I have no idea why. I think they're dying of old age, but sometimes it might be because they were sick, or wounded, or they starved to death. There is a notifications panel that informs you that a creature died, and you can zoom to the skeleton, but it doesn't tell you who it was or how they died. It's not until two or three turns later that I realize that the creature I was planning a breeding program around was the one that kicked the bucket.The other issue is the notification window itself. You get a notification for each sick creature, for when it rains, for when a creature gets a parasite, when they die, and I think several others. The problem with this is that you have to go through and clear each individual notification by hand. I often find myself just closing and ignoring the window altogether because I can't be bothered to clear all of the warnings manually every single turn.Really though, these complaints are just annoyances. The game itself is adorable, challenging, and a lot of fun. The thing to remember though is that it is a Sandbox. Meaning there are no goals save the ones you set for yourself. There is nothing to tell you what to do or where to go. You learn by experimenting and figuring things out. You learn from your mistakes and you make mental notes for next time. You start to plan ahead and come up with strategies for how to tackle specific goals. The longer you play, the more you learn.If you're the type of person that likes sandboxes, setting your own goals, experimentation, and playing god then you'll probably enjoy this game."
76561198379357275,Recommended,440650,33318382,Posted: 6 July,all,emilyrawski,At first I thought it was going to be boring but it is amazing. I have played for hours at a time. I totally recommend this game.
,Recommended,440650,29411124,Posted: 21 January,all,Philik3,I only just got this game today and I've been playing non-stop.I have been interested in Niche ever since last November but the only reason I didn't get it straight away was because of the price. $20 is a bit much but it's totally worth it.I thought I would get bored of watching YouTubers like Jessimew and Seri play this but it turned out I never did which lead me to my purchase.(p.s. I got Steam solely for the purpose of getting Niche)
,Recommended,440650,29615511,Posted: 31 January,all,Ravyn Karasu,"Overall, I love this game so far. It's relaxing and challenging. It's still in early access at the time I'm writing this, so there is still a lot to be added to the game. The creators are really nice when it comes to feedback and it's always fun to play for hours on end."
,Recommended,440650,29423425,Posted: 22 January,all,MemeDaddy,"The game is amazing in its current state but in future updates there should be different diets; Carnivore, Omnivore and Herbivore. If that is added there should also be a meat box for the carnivores and omnivores. Thank you for reading this!"
,Recommended,440650,29928071,Posted: 14 February,all,Kumoa,A very interesting and educational game. Very engaging. Nice Graphics. Very much would recommend if you are looking for something different.
76561198251803332,Recommended,440650,29690364,Posted: 4 February,all,rmagunning,Amazing! I could play this game for hours on end! It has a similar aspect to Spore except it's a lot more complex and strategical. This game could become something really incredible. I highly suggest spending that £14 because it is worth every penny. Considering this is early access I am extremely impressed.
76561198170620553,Recommended,440650,29702470,Posted: 4 February,all,endermankat911,"I havn't played it for the longest time, but I am already just waiting to see were this game will go."
76561198355911526,Recommended,440650,29635276,Posted: 1 February,all,theusa4life,10/10 my boy
76561198314329786,Recommended,440650,31071980,Posted: 10 April,all,FennekinFox,"I must say, I am completly enchanted by this game.The designs and complexity of it all is so beautiful. But really, the game couldn't be simpler; can you live to survive another day with whatever genetics you can manage to pull together?To anyone who is considering getting this game, I most definatly recommend. However, I will give some ups and downs for you to consider.This game is perfect for biology nerds (like myself) who love random chance with genetics. There is always a small possiblity that things can go, A: How you want them, B: Okay, yet not exactly choice, or C: Horribly wrong. In a way, this game gambles, but nothing more than the survival of fictional characters who's lives you can really develop through story of your own imagination.I know many times with my own tribe, I end up breeding two creatures who are not going to be able to provide healthy children for my group of nichelings at all, simply because 'Hey, these two both lost their parents when they were young; they might bond over that and could be in grief when their child might end up dying from bad genes.'In that way, you can create a connection with this game that is so much more complex than the game itself really is. You can see that with many YouTubers who create videos of this game. After a while, it does get a bit boring breeding generation after generation, but you can play around with chance and develop stories from it, even if you wont be sharing them with anyone but yourself.Not only that, but the sheer diversity that is in this game, even in it's Alpha stage is amazing. You can go from having a creature who cannot do anything to contribute to keeping your tribe alive, as they have no paws and maybe some genes that might shorten their life span. Or, you could have creatures who specialize in berry picking and have beautiful cosmetic genes. The options are limitless. There's always that constant drive to try and get your creatures just the way you like them, and there are many things to keep you on your toes, from predators, to birds who steal your nests, and even different islands that pose different challenges in themselves.As I said above, the game can get quite repetitve if all you're doing is breeding non-stop without any story line. Without that small bit of 'Hey, let's just try this out, and see what happens', it gets dull and a bit boring. There are other times where I find myself quiting the game for a few days, because no matter who I breed the genetics seem to come out horribly wrong. That said, usually I come back with a positive outlook and new hope that my tribe will be alright, and try not to let myself get upset by the random chances that can indeed occur.There's also the fact that this is (as of now, 4/10/17, and probably a few months after that) an alpha game. There is bound to be a lot of changes, and sometimes bugs that we just have to work through. If you don't think that an alpha game is for you, I garuntee, once this game is released fully, there will be no doubts in my mind that it is fully worth the 18 dollars to which it's currently priced.There is so much potential for this game, and I really can't wait to see how amazing it is finsihed when right now it still has me in awe."
76561198084900383,Recommended,440650,31070480,Posted: 10 April,all,gfelkner,An amazing genetics survival game. Teaches young minds about genes and science while putting a little imagionation in it.
,Recommended,440650,31167590,Posted: 15 April,all,Raindipity,"A really good game that you will fall in love with if your an animal lover. As a gamer, I never had bought an early acess game basically because of how people say that they aren't great and you should probably wait for the full game (I once bought a early access but it wasn't that good), but this early access game is litterly the best I have ever played, even if it's early access. The game was so fun and enjoying, and was a great game to learn about genetics and how to survive as an animal. 11/10 I say! Worth the $18.99 you pay!"
76561198161896236,Recommended,440650,30147715,Posted: 24 February,all,Graffiti,love love love this game. it's so interesting to see how you can evolve your little beasts! i cannot wait to see how this game develops
76561198026706052,Recommended,440650,26194513,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,JackDrags,"""I just spent $18 for about 20 hours of gameplay. Please add more content."" was my original post 2 months ago. I have to say with the recent updates that the game has already come a long way. Super happy with the direction it is going."
76561198059440823,Recommended,440650,25524889,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Lady Tragedy,"EDIT 22-9-2016Since I seem not to quite get my point across and after some discussion in the comments on this thing I figured I should rephrase this and add some things that were requested of me including my own thought on the game. Perhaps I've been to clinical about this.TL;DR of this review:- If you want to support a game with a lot of potential, I do reconmend this game. Even if at the moment of this review it is rather barebones- As stated in on the early acess dropdown of the shop page, it is in alpha and you have done about everything you can after playing for about 5 hours. So I don't reconmend it at this price for people looking for a more in depth experiene at this moment. That would definitely not be worth the rather expensive price tag.-----------------------------------First off, I'd like to state that I was really excited for this game. I got it as soon as I could buy it and I've played for a little more then 2 hours.GAMEPLAYIn a nutshell this game gives you two creatures to start with. Adam and Eve. These creatures are the basis of your pack of creatures. It's up to you to maintain the population, make sure you don't breed in genetical flaws that hinder your creatures (usualy caused by inbreeding) and make sure your creatures don't starve in the process.The mechanics are simple. Adult creatures get 3 actions every day. These actions require food points. In order to act, you need food, in order to find food, you need to explore. Things like movement, attacking, harvesting, exploring and mating all take up an action. its up to the player to balance this and not to have their population starve.MY 5 CENTSI enjoy this game and I think it has a lot of potential for growth as more mechanics get added to it. While I've done everything that is to be done in about 3 to 5 hours of gameplay it has been a fun experience. Though I will probably wait untill the next update to play more of it. At this point it starts to feel a little same-ish and repetative, but thats to be expected with the limitted amount of features.There's currently some issues with starting in the savanah area as most berry bushes have thorns making it rather hard to gather enough food to do much. But I've found it can be somewhat mittigated by finding prey warrens to harvest.Also my pets freak out over the sounds and get all excited, thats really entertaining too.RECOMMENDATIONSIf you want to support the developer then feel free to buy the game at full price. It certainly has potential.Right now the game feels a little bare bones and at its current price I really can't reconmend it to players who are looking for a more full experience. Maybe the finished product will be worth it in the end, but as it stands it almost feels like I'm playing the demo to a larger game."
,Recommended,440650,30303505,Posted: 3 March,all,13thbloom,"I love this game!  I've always loved genetic games and this is just as fun!  However, I do have one problem with the newest update.  I love the randomization of Eve and Adam, however, I have a problem with 2 particular genes.  For the most part the genes seem to follow a normal pattern, but with Adam, it is IMPOSSIBLE not to get babies with a no-paw, even if you set up for the genetics to be more moved towards a leg.  If anything, the no-paw should be a recessive gene, and with 3 normal legs, the no-paw shouldn't be so prevalent.  And now with the randomization, Eve can have just as bad genes.I think there should be a set up of 'Easy' 'Medium' and 'Hard' when it comes to the randomizing start.  Easy gives maybe one bad gene of the pairing, Medium would have 2, and Hard have 3 to 4.Second on the genes, venomous fangs, why is it like the hardest 'head' to get?  Even with Adam having it all the time, full set on his genes, and Eve having two different face genes, hers ALWAYS overpowers the venomous fangs.  It seems it's a bit off....I dunno, because I love venomous fangs, and I have to use incest half the time to get them to reappear!  And Eve never seems to get them either...."
,Recommended,440650,30325082,Posted: 4 March,all,DuckGoose,"Lots of potential in this game.  They need to introduce a better way to manage group genetics, desirable traits and mating paths. A bit heavy on the GPU for some reason. I don't feel like I have much control over the evolution of the creatues but I can see where they're headed."
76561198344942107,Recommended,440650,31247103,Posted: 19 April,all,Speepo,"I found out about this game on YouTube a few months ago, I got it about oct-nov. Ever since, i've loved it and every single update that came out!"
76561198138112321,Recommended,440650,31253180,Posted: 20 April,all,MYTVY,Fun and cute i lov
76561198314866139,Recommended,440650,31308977,Posted: 22 April,all,lucianomarx14,This game is awesome!I can see this having a lot of potential!Im really glad this game exists!However I do dislike the bugs like if perhaps you have 5 attack how come you can't attack the apes?
76561198262772729,Recommended,440650,31285908,Posted: 21 April,all,Hasmatcru,too good
76561198391038604,Recommended,440650,31986509,Posted: 26 May,all,ClaraZoey,I love this game and recommend it and no it's not a waste of money in any way
,Recommended,440650,32026936,Posted: 28 May,all,little_sky,"really fun game, if you can afford it and are kind of interested in it I'd recommend getting it. what's also cool is that they are always coming out with new genetics and adaptations, so you'll never run out of things to try out. this is one of my favorite games."
76561198341097393,Recommended,440650,31913591,Posted: 23 May,all,angelina.why,Such a fun and cute little game! Love the mountain update. Great community too :)
76561198348884248,Recommended,440650,32042065,Posted: 29 May,all,LazyLakes,"Really addictive game, I've sunk hours into it! Plus the developers are constantly improving it, so it just keeps getting better!"
,Recommended,440650,32051262,Posted: 29 May,all,jinxed_art,So far i love almost everything about the game.Couple little bugs that rarly ever bother me(cept family tree is kinda sloppy) and the fact there no motivating factor behind many choices that you can make or not make.Exp:Why move to another island? All my critters are perfectly fine on the one there already on. Going to another land makes it harder but beyound that i have no need to make them move anywhere.Besides that I love the game. Its also a really good idea to try and teach anyone about how gentics work. Even with problems I recomened it to everyone.
76561198162363868,Recommended,440650,32054556,Posted: 29 May,all,Ren,"The base for the game is great. After a few tweaks I can see myself spending hours playing this game. The few things that I mentioned, are keeping me from fully enjoying the game. Things like life spans being far too short, food being too few when harvested or hunted and not enough non-tribal animals coming by. If these things are addressed and tweaked I will be a very happy camper."
76561198124521641,Recommended,440650,32070291,Posted: 30 May,all,Stirps,"In overal I really really love this game! It's fairly accurate (but simplified) and you can have tons of fun with it.To someone thinking about buying this game:There are alot of good things about this game, the already mentioned simplified realism and also the cute creatures. It does look quite simple in the beginning but the more you advance the more problems you get, even if you elimate some others.I for example mostly get problems with immunities (result of tons of tons of inbreeding).However there are a few aspects I would love to see implemented in the future, including:- some form of automatization, mostly just telling specific animals what they should do every turn; this is not too necessary- A filter for Alpha, Betta and Omega (and possibly colours)- possibly a Gamma rank- A planner for possible breeding matches or something along the lines- more mutations (even though this might come in the future)The filter option and the planner is what I would want to see implemented the most.But as I said, these are just suggestions for implementations. There is one thing that bothers me more than anything else:Optimize your game, whenever I play Niche my computer heats up extremely. I do not know what exactly the problem is...but it really bothers me.Just to end this review in a good way: I really enjoy it and can recommend it to anyone enjoying playing with genetics. It is still after all a very well made game. The devs certainly did a good job (apart from the overheating thingy)."
76561198211910032,Recommended,440650,32099118,Posted: 31 May,all,BlizzzardWolf,"I love this game! It's different from other games. There iaren't many other games that could be considered equal or ""like"" Niche. There are so many designs for the creatures you play as, like If you get far enought you could make the pack how every you like depending on the habitat. You can't have a genetic survival game with out predators, sickness, temerature, and disabilities. Not many games have all of those. The constant updates are annoying but more importantly needed. Without updates every little bug would be there forever.Ofcorse, not every game is flawless, Niche does have it's downsides. For instance, the game can be verry challenging, wich is good if you're the type of person who likes challenges. There are many predators of all kinds but they tend to surround your creatures all at once. Maybe they are pack predators, but if so it is difficult to fight them all off. Personaly, having only two DNA slots to put traits in is annoying. I had a lot of blind creatures that also were limbless so I had to keep  the clear eye trail and long legs trait in the slots and not something cool like gills or poisonous teeth. (With the new updates, my laptop lags too much in Niche. I don't know if anyone else has this problem, but I hope there would be an effort to fix it.)Over all, I realy like this game and hope I will be able to play it more in the future! (can't now because of the laptop lag)If the development teem realds this....Keep Going! Niche has so much potential!"
,Recommended,440650,32072419,Posted: 30 May,all,Zephyr,"Lovely game. It is very hard, so if you rage a lot like me, this probably isn't your game. Don't let that throw you off, as I could be wrong. Other than that, this game looks simple but is pretty complex. I hope they add in an easier version where they have longer lifespans and it's easier to get food.I like the idea and I'd recommend this game to pretty much anyone over the age of 13 as it's involves alot of thinking. I really like how the devs are pretty active with their updates. I hope this game grows bigger with the fanbase. I've only had this game for a day, so please don't quote me on any of this, as it's pretty much my opinion and I haven't seen the full game yet.Thank you for reading my crappy review. c:"
76561198367773187,Recommended,440650,32074616,Posted: 30 May,all,selena.gentry,"Niche is a great game to play in my spare time and is very enjoyable <3 I'm so glad the grass was retextured, it just didn't feel right to have such thick grass and you couldn't see your animals at all if they had not cleared the grass around them and in the smelling or hearing screens. One thing I have to ask is why my lovely derp-snouts do not have pupils in the little head profile in the bottom left corner and in the family tree. I hope this is not too much to ask, but could any new features, mechanics, or additions (such as new entities and genes) be listed in the ""about"" section on the main menu or on a community post? Call me impatient, but I am always dying to see what new and exciting things are in store! Another reason is that most of my friends who play Niche come to me for advice and questions, and nowadays I can't answer most of these! I would still love this game and community no matter what and I have done nothing but recommend it whenever it comes up in conversation! *smiles nervously*"
76561198368623135,Recommended,440650,32071339,Posted: 30 May,all,katherine.meimei,adorable game and really fun to play with all the geneticssome people say that the gameplay is boring but I personally don't think soCan't wait for more updates :)
,Recommended,440650,32075695,Posted: 30 May,all,Correkt,"A great blend of real genetics and fantastical creatures, this is a very promising and immersive game. A little difficult to pick up at first due to the lack of a proper tutorial in early access but it looks like this will be resolved later. Once you get the hang of it you have plenty of options to progress and encounter ever-escalating obstacles to survival with the harder islands and greater rewards on offer if your pack makes it.A great game for people who like to make their own goals, whether you simply breed to see where your pack ends up or breed to try and reach a certain outcome. It's very easy to rack up the hours and still feel like there is plenty to explore, with the element of chance rendering each pack a little different from the last."
,Recommended,440650,32088418,Posted: 31 May,all,TheBlueLeafeon,"A cute game that definitely teaches you to prioritize planning over everything else. People who like virtual pet games and life sims will definitely like this.My biggest complaint is that sometimes when scrolling around the map with WASD, the game will stop scrolling and start filling in my currently selected creature's name with whatever key I'm holding. This can be avoided by using the arrow keys to scroll, but still. (This might be a bug, and might be fixed at a later date.)Graphics: 9/10. This game proves that you do not need HD to look visually appealing.Gameplay: 8/10. Great game. I love the idea of shaping my foxcats into something cute all the while helping them to survive.User Interface: 7/10. My biggest complaint about the UI is that the Genetics and Family Tree buttons are right there next to End Day, which often result in me misclicking and ending the day prematurely. (Oops!)"
76561198391803835,Recommended,440650,32207360,Posted: 5 June,all,kadyawarrior,Niche is a awesome game I love playing it.Here are some ideas to add in.1.breeding with bears or apes2.new genes3.new creatures that you can add in to your packits awesome get it
,Recommended,440650,32204415,Posted: 5 June,all,Epitome,"A basic understanding of genetics and adaptation is required to enjoy this game to the fullest. Need a bit of a refresher? The game has a tutorial to get you on your way. The way your species develops is entirely up to you. The goal is to adapt your species to best fit their environment, taking in a number of factors, such as camouflage, jaw type, strength, and gathering ability. Keeping all of these versatile ducks in a row is essential for the survival of your species. It's a game that keeps you on your toes. Highly recommended for nature enthusiasts."
76561198353220658,Recommended,440650,30118364,Posted: 23 February,all,Eliza wolf,this game is fab :3 i has idea for updates like meer maybe like a underground area were the moles are like the rabbits were they just move around and maybe beeing blind can help you serch the underground or have hightsences there for more food as well they could eat the roots of the berry bushers oh and if you aresss adding wings you could make it so the ones that can fly can scare of the birds yet again love the game thanks for reading :3
76561198029212460,Recommended,440650,32749531,Posted: 24 June,all,Smitza,I bought this game for my 10 year old daughter. She took to it straight away and loves the game. I was watching her play and decided to have a go myself. To my surprise its a good little game. Needs more content but on the whole I enjoyed playing it.
76561198350093108,Recommended,440650,32678437,Posted: 23 June,all,melindabaker71,I love this game so much but it could do with a way to customise your  mates and then play.
76561198143351218,Recommended,440650,32685016,Posted: 23 June,all,XxxPixelzHDxxX,"If I were to rate Niche, I would give it a 9.5-out-of-10; It's very fun, yet also provides a challenge. There are so many different ways to play; try to make stealth predators that rely on stag-moles and rabbils, or make herbivores with enormous gathering  abilities. You can evolve your creature ""perfectly"" for any terrain, but challenges will always come. The only reason I don't give this game a 10-out-of-10 is that it can get a little boring; the game is a lot of doing the same thing, but that isn't that big of a problem, so long as you take breaks every once-in-awhile."
76561198027781045,Recommended,440650,30063773,Posted: 20 February,all,magermanken,"Not my normal cup of tea, but i have to say this game turned out to be a total blast. It's simple(but has some layers) you get a chance to try quite a few different strategies. I've played through 5 times now and enjoyed each one. I think the game also has some great opportunity to expand."
76561198364075254,Recommended,440650,30067329,Posted: 20 February,all,CatGamer,Awesome Gameplay!!!
76561198055509079,Recommended,440650,28696903,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,watchingdoll,"Verrrryy cute and relaxing to playbut, the predators are lacking and some of the mechanics seem unbalancedIts def. worth it on sale"
,Recommended,440650,29229280,Posted: 13 January,all,The Slimez,Man i love this game so much you don't even understand how much i play it!
76561198274102914,Recommended,440650,31360261,Posted: 25 April,all,piotr.jaworski,"This is an absoloutely brilliant game! I got it about 4 months ago and I love it. Niche is very educational but still fun- unlike many other educational games. The updates are regular and there are always new surprises around the corner. You can never be sure of what's going to happen next. The islands are also randomly generated so that each one is unique! However, make sure to have a very powerful computer or be willing to play with lower graphics with the Mountain Update, as it is very laggy at times. Apart from that, I love this game."
,Recommended,440650,31371223,Posted: 26 April,all,DeeDeeSaurus,"My favourite moment was when a plant wrapped its slimy tongue around one of my final 3 creatures and swallowed it whole. 10/10, would shriek again."
,Recommended,440650,31386474,Posted: 26 April,all,Raavie,"This game has changed a lot since I first purchased it, but the updates keep the game interesting and I'm glad to see all the progress that's been made. There's an active facebook page that helps share infromation about coming changes, other players' experiences, and you can even suggest changes and see if they make it into the game. Overall, this has been a really great game to get involved with early! So far the changes promise that this game will only get better with time."
76561198092419151,Recommended,440650,31477914,Posted: 30 April,all,Red,"I love this game, from it's initial Early Access release to it's most recent updates! Finally a game that feels like it is rewarding it's community with vast leaps in content and challenges available in game.And the transition of difficulty, because as much as this game is fun and wonderfull - it can be tricky to hone your tribe. BUT THAT MAKES IT EVEN BETTER. It's not too easy, and depending on your play style you can make it as difficult as you like.I am really loving all these dynamic additions to the game. Making it more complex and really tapping into the wide range of genetic traits (that can help or hinder you).All in all, I am SUPER SATISFIED BY THIS PURCHASE AND THE GAME ISN'T FULLY RELEASED YET. :D"
,Recommended,440650,31509854,Posted: 2 May,all,shenequa.akilah,I love the hell out of this game! It just gets better and better! My newest addiction. I can't wait until the game is completed!
76561198369258797,Recommended,440650,31556012,Posted: 5 May,all,baasmaberry,i love niche the buggy mountain update is awesome i love it sooo much but.....the only thing i dont like is that if an animal dies or didnt travel with the rest dissapears i would like it if you can make the family tree members stay like if the first one like adam dies he is still in the family tree and the more animals in the tribe than the family tree gets longer and has a scroll barthank you
76561198283776856,Recommended,440650,31852338,Posted: 19 May,all,thegirlofmeep,"This game is my absolute favorite! It is very educational, and is seeming to improve every day! The creatures are also extremely cute, and you can also indirectly control the genetics through the mutation menu. It is very fun to try to make the perfect creatures!"
76561198356711294,Recommended,440650,31861645,Posted: 20 May,all,nyxandartemis3,"I think that the rouges [ that are on the harder islands ] should be able to kill the pups that don't have two gems, just to mate with the mothers. And that females should only be able to mate if their pup has had two gems."
76561198203002833,Recommended,440650,31862718,Posted: 20 May,all,Dino Adventure ♀,"This game is quite a challenging one. I have enjoyed every bit of it though. It got me addicted from the start, from trying to travel from biome to biome, to surving well, and long. I highly recommend this game to those who are willing to think, and get challenged through a game."
76561198345279322,Recommended,440650,31824313,Posted: 18 May,all,Rosie,"Niche is fun and challenging to play, and I really enjoy trying to perfect the species I've created to suit the environment of my choice. It's definitely one of my favorite games!"
76561198225340440,Recommended,440650,31712045,Posted: 12 May,all,klippbair,"Graphics are amazing, the creatures are cute, I enjoy breeding my creatures and growing my tribe, and It's pleasantly difficult. I rate it 10/10."
76561198369109261,Recommended,440650,31780728,Posted: 15 May,all,lillianof2006,I love this game but...make it better different traets
76561198345507874,Recommended,440650,31795183,Posted: 16 May,all,hamiehamster89,11/10 i love it beacusee there is so much you can add and have fun with and its a good idea. i hope the game can get completed soon
76561198138313122,Recommended,440650,31782900,Posted: 16 May,all,kalina_libra,"I'm very happy I finally am able to play this game. I have been watching it since its very early development. I know, I know its still very early (0.4) but as it is I really love playing.  I'm excited to see what happens with each new update."
76561198305300970,Recommended,440650,31805113,Posted: 17 May,all,jjtheent,I love the game and the concept and  the way you guys have included more and more characteristics of real life. Keep up the good work and I bet more people will come to love this game like I do!
76561198151589710,Recommended,440650,31796749,Posted: 16 May,all,KeepAwaytheNargles,"I hesitated purchasing a beta version of a game, but it was well worth it! I had been watching a youtuber play Niche before I made the purchase and it absolutely helped me make up my mind. I play Niche every day and the updates are actually fun to look forward to - if there are bugs in the game, they are reported and every new update is a new chance to learn and explore an entirely new aspect of genetics.As a fair warning this is not a game that has a ""winning"" aspect. A successful pack of animals can be maintained for long periods of time (both in game time, and real time). However there is the chance that the pack can go extinct. I actually found this to be a great aspect of the game, the threat of extinction adds realism to the game.Overall, I love this game. I play it everyday practically and am always very glad to receive the monthly updates! I cannot wait to see what this game creates next. I highly recommend purchasing now on the ground floor, in order to be a part of the building and the growth of the game. It is a highly recommended purchase!"
76561198303535702,Recommended,440650,31743007,Posted: 14 May,all,PihlajaPerkele,"This game is really beautifully done. I love the music, artwork, everything! Gaming mechanics are really simple and easy to learn. 6/5, worth the money."
76561198027008437,Recommended,440650,31732437,Posted: 13 May,all,dawnsylph,I am absolutely loving this game. Still changing and updating loads. A little pricey but I am more than happy to give my money to a game that I think has got potential to be really fun and replayable for years to come.
76561198340199104,Recommended,440650,31780032,Posted: 15 May,all,Gamer She-Cat,"This is just a well rounded amazing game and if you haven't played it yet I strongly recommend it, it does a great job not just defining 'Niche', but also having great game mechanics and just being generally fun! <3 <3"
76561198360654556,Recommended,440650,31780060,Posted: 15 May,all,badb3933,I love this game. It's fun and cute. It is the perfect game to play if you want to relaxe.
76561198310798345,Recommended,440650,31778989,Posted: 15 May,all,jasonburnham,"This game is addicting, fun, and never gets old. The game (of course) isn't  finished yet, but already there are so many things to do. I'd recommend this game to anyone who likes designing their own character, because even though it's not exactly like that, you have a general goal to stride for. The only other thing I would really like to have in terms of creating a new world would be that you would have more space on the menu to do so. Over all, I would recommend this game and am excited to see what is added next!"
76561198215642377,Recommended,440650,31777687,Posted: 15 May,all,Stanley Hudson,This game is one of the best games ever made! There are endless possibility's and is overall just a really great game <3
,Recommended,440650,31777751,Posted: 15 May,all,Brisa440,"This game is in early access, because it keeps adding new features every couple of months to actually improve the gameplay. Its a turn base survival game and you have to pay attention to genetics and creature abilities to create the strongest pack of animals.You make sure that not only your pack is strong, but able to survive... as you have Carnivores/Birds of Prey waiting for you to make a slip up in security, and the constant worry of having enough food for all members in your pack, and of course avoiding illnesses, drowning and getting hurt.all in all, I would currently rate this game a 9/10 easy. I am waiting for more updates to see what kind of bioms and features they add next.Please be warned that every time they launch a new update you must start from the beginning and create a new pack. Hence it being in early access. its not that big of an issue though as the game maps and pack members change each time around. No pack will ever be the same.If you like a challenge, Animals, Survival games, and have an interest in science... this game is so for you.Buy it!!... Right now."
76561198382955088,Recommended,440650,31754937,Posted: 14 May,all,noratan23,so i stumble across an inconvienient bug on the new update and it is that you cannot see some of the new creatures in the family tree which is kinda annoying but not severe. i've also renamed my creatures to make sure i'm not tripping but after i renamed them i just don't see them..
76561198242803504,Recommended,440650,31765351,Posted: 15 May,all,calledtrout,"This is beautiful and adorable. The art style is great, the game mechanics are fun and challenging and the idea behind this game is fantastic. I have nothing bad to say about this game. it's wonderful."
76561198063031489,Recommended,440650,31762220,Posted: 14 May,all,Andipoo,"This game is very fun, turns the cogs in my brain and you actually have to take time and think on how to not screw up your species. It has great graphics and lovely audio as well as a fantastic auto-save feature so you can come back to the game later,The only thing I wish to see in the future is a version I can play on my tablet! There are some steam games that have that feature and it is nice to have a way to take Niche with you if you don't have a tablet."
76561198352134354,Recommended,440650,31733787,Posted: 13 May,all,kittycatspeedmail,the mouton up date is really cool but has lag that I hope will be fixed in the future sometimes I can't click Niches and maybe make it a little easier to breed prehistoric genes into the family
76561198190009641,Recommended,440650,31736076,Posted: 13 May,all,Roxy,"This game is fun for anyone who likes a challenging survival and strategy game. You start off with two nichelings, Adam and Eve. You have to grow your tribe from there and try not to get double immunity genes. I have played 68 hours of this game and have always found myself playing more than I expected I would. Sometime I even do challenges and die, then I kinda get sad. Some of my tribes I like so much I feel attatched.Anyways I recommend this game so much that I even had my mom get into the game and start her own Nichelings. Get your friend to play this game and you'll realize that it can be very fun with friends playing as well."
76561198181420125,Recommended,440650,31730063,Posted: 13 May,all,nicole.coniglio,"This game is absolutely amazing. You can have a tribe for a little while, or have it go on for generations! I strongly recommend this game for anyone."
76561198344301618,Recommended,440650,31731637,Posted: 13 May,all,supercatlover,"This game is so much fun. Requiring strategy, anticipation, and just plain patience, this game is truly difficult -but in a good way. There are some humerous things that I have seen, too, most of these are bugs or oversights -like once, I saw a creature without water breathing jump into the ocean, and it was humerous to watch the stupidity of NPC AI. It's so rewarding to lead the pack into lands of epicness after my strategy has finally been completed, and throw in a little roleplay as well -I usually have pack leaders that have all three gem colors. Not only that, since I also joined the Wikia associated with this game, I have found a fandom on the internet to hang out in -I even started a hugely popular thread titled Fan Ideas For Things They Should Add. Overall, thank you for giving me a really fun gameplay experience and an online community to hang out in."
76561198311718406,Recommended,440650,31690115,Posted: 11 May,all,LilykinzLeGamer,I love you.
76561198368180983,Recommended,440650,31686372,Posted: 11 May,all,Mygalaxyworld,"Niche, is just the best games I have ever played out of all the steam games! the developers are very active and try there best to help out other players. 10/10"
76561198119756992,Recommended,440650,31694615,Posted: 11 May,all,airth06,"So far I'm enjoying this game, though I haven't made my way into the new biomes yet. There are a lot of genetic traits to keep track of so it's best to focus on 1-2 things at a time. I'm anxious to see what else the developers have in store for this game."
76561198338078388,Recommended,440650,31691911,Posted: 11 May,all,Dabratt9,"Niche is wonderful. It is by far my favorite online game. I love how the critters so closely resemble cats. I have taken to giving them names similar to those of cat characters found in my favorite book series, ""Warriors"" by Erin Hunter. I don't think I would have you change a thing. I love the game so much already. I get so excited to see each new update because I, myself, can't think of anything that could make it any better than it already is. I guess the one thing I think about sometimes is how cool it could be if the random islands sometimes cycled back to an island I had already been on, and maybe I could run into some of the critters I left behind, perhaps as wanders that I could invite back into my clan. Keep up the good work."
76561198244322376,Recommended,440650,31693956,Posted: 11 May,all,Skitty144,"Great game, got it a yesterday and Have been playing it non-stop, I SUGGEST YOU GET IT."
76561198308378106,Recommended,440650,31693334,Posted: 11 May,all,WolvesOfTheStars,"OMG where do I get started! Niche is the best genetics game out there! If you like breeding and genetics this is the game for you! The dev are really hard workers and are awesome at making this game! Niche is probably the one of the only games that go this into genetics for a game. But I give this game 2,000,000 gold stars! Defenitly get this game!!!!!"
76561198273453085,Recommended,440650,31685908,Posted: 11 May,all,madeleine,This is such a special game! PLEASE PLAY IT ITS AWESOME!!!!!!
76561198331608404,Recommended,440650,31678207,Posted: 10 May,all,Kairiqueenofhearts,Great game with hours of fun and enjoyment
76561198152523851,Recommended,440650,31712858,Posted: 12 May,all,AmberDaKitty,This game is so COOLLLLI love the game so muchyea a couple glitchs in previews But there SO FUNNY X3I STRONGLY reccomend this game if you like animals and STRAGY
76561198170138133,Recommended,440650,31731726,Posted: 13 May,all,The Davaning,"I LOVE this game. It's still in development so there've been lots of updates, but they're always so interesting. I'm looking forward to see what the developers have in store for the future."
76561198358866237,Recommended,440650,31734693,Posted: 13 May,all,SoulEata999,"Pretty cool game, but it gradually becomes boring as there is no noticeable objective nor side quests. Much too expensive for a game in developement. There should be additional tribes of animals, different species besides the mammal-like creature we start off as, and perhaps an option to become a predator. That would be an amazing addition(s)! Good start, though. Just needs more content to make up for the 20 dollars the player has spent on an unfinished product. (And I'm still eagerly waiting for the predator cross-breeding!)"
76561198311664037,Recommended,440650,31752822,Posted: 14 May,all,kittiekimmijade,"In December, I purchased Niche after watching several youtubers play it themselves, and I can say that I have yet to regret doing so. Niche, a Genetics Survival Game is wholy unique in its gameplay, with new features added every month. In no way, shape, or form are you meant to grow bored with the absolute variety of genetics to pick over and mutate: Genes for underwater survival, genes for the cold, snowy climates, genes meant for stealth and warding off predator, genes meant for the fastest of creatures, and genes you avoid at all costs yet still manage to keep them in your pack anyway. This game can be hours of fun and sometimes it can be minutes of frustration, but this is all due to the game's random generation and luck aspect. When you have a child, you have no idea which genes they will inherit from their parents, and there is only so much you can put in the mutation menu before you just have to cross your fingers and pray.It is very easy to grow attached to a certain creature in your group, even when they may not have the best genetics. When food is short you struggle on who to keep and who to banish, who collects food in the face of a carnivore attack and who risks their lives. It's not very simple to make a perfect tribe, and more than once I have been forced to sacrifice a baby to a bird or move a dying elder into the waiting jaws of a carnivore, just because they were sick and I lacked strong creatures who could protect them. Several times I have grown teary eyed when my favorite creature dies or I am forced to leave behind reliable creatures because they aren't prime genetic material.Overall, this game is made to challenge you with its multiple avenues of genetic exploration and completely random world generation and infuriating obstacles. Some may view it as a casual time waster, and some may view it as a chance to weave a story. I will be honest when I have viewed it as one or the other on several different occasions. The fact of the matter is that, if you let it, this game will worm its way into your heart, make a nest, and have a ton of nichelings.As a player, I have invested over 60 hours into this game, and every time there is a new update I willingly make myself comfortable and invest another good chunk of time in a single sitting. Whenever I am bored, I can easily open up this game and either start where I left off or begin a completely new save.  Thank you guys for making a game I can casually enjoy yet invest myself so deeply that I cannot untangle myself from the web of genetics. I cannot wait for the final version!"
76561198047699362,Recommended,440650,29192927,Posted: 11 January,all,Alli-cat11,"I played the free alpha builds and loved it. As soon as I saw it was out on Steam (yesterday) I bought it immediately. I love the genetics aspect of it the most. I haven't seen many (good) games that focus on genetics to the extent of this one.The gameplay is simple survival, but also fun and challenging.I await more content, for this game shows great promise already!"
76561198121899608,Recommended,440650,29999199,Posted: 17 February,all,Garrett Hallmark,"I absolutely love this game. I bought it yesterdy as of February 16th, 2017, and I have already played for almost 27 hours. I highly reccommend buying this game if you like strategy and easy-to-learn hard-to-master types of things. The developers are great and I can see this game going very far. Even if you don't want to buy this game now, I would consider following it or putting it on your wishlist so that you won't miss out on such a great game"
76561198142956842,Recommended,440650,29150839,Posted: 9 January,all,floobyboo,This game is awesome. Play it!
76561198314995083,Recommended,440650,29258916,Posted: 14 January,all,Puppypie2007,This game is fun even in alpha. Building a pride can be hard but fun at the same time.
76561198353965575,Recommended,440650,30121444,Posted: 23 February,all,tamarananna,An amazing game !!Could play it for hours !
76561198370370053,Recommended,440650,32247169,Posted: 7 June,all,kdaugherty35,I really enjoyed this game it helps me relax and i'd definitely recommend it
76561198008373782,Recommended,440650,32419939,Posted: 14 June,all,Obsidian,Absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing love this game!!!! Thank you to the people that created it ^.^ You rock!
,Recommended,440650,32355408,Posted: 11 June,all,Dekpi,"Okay I love this game so far.the only things are1: there doesnt seem to be an option to save your game yet?2: would love to see more genetic mutations in the futureand 3: it would be nice if it displayed somewhere on the screen during the game how many days so far your pack has survived.other than that, honestly if it was never even finished or updated and stayed as it is right now, I would still be happy to play it.I wish there were more games like this, it's a really unique and cute strategic genetics game, I'd definitely recommend getting it if you enjoy simulation, strategy, board games, or even just animals in general.-edit-it autosaves, I just couldnt tell because it didn't say it was saving or anything.that would be another thing I'd recommend adding, some notification when it saves before you quit the game."
76561198327151134,Recommended,440650,32393869,Posted: 13 June,all,FieryFox598,"This is a nice game, but for me at least, its very hard to find new genes to breed with. I would usually breed every day at the beginning island, but when I go to a new one, it is especially hard to get settled because when I go to a new island Eve and Adam are usually on their last three or less days. When they die, I find it hard to breed since I can't find new animals. I think the game would be much better if new animals spawned more frequently. Overall, this is a good game right now. :)"
76561198371420879,Recommended,440650,32432667,Posted: 15 June,all,burgie_cat,"I love this game, it's so peaceful to play yet addicting."
76561198146963030,Recommended,440650,32350835,Posted: 11 June,all,cuanultan,This is game can be very adictive but very frustraiting at times you can be doing well then things can suddenly go downhill but it is a very good game but its not the type of game for everyone but i reccomend it
,Recommended,440650,32345236,Posted: 11 June,all,XMacettaque,A game that develops in a very original way and that I never get bored of :)Fantastic game so far!
76561198339032559,Recommended,440650,32357638,Posted: 11 June,all,Cutietiger01,this game is so fun and I love the animations and details the fact I hadn't known about this game when it first started wierds me out its fun and very educational !genetics games are one of the funest things but when you add them and survival together you get one heck of a fun gameI hope this game keeps improving!!
,Recommended,440650,29451998,Posted: 23 January,all,J.SVM,"This game is extremely fun and informative. Niche is a genetics manager game- where you must manage your tribe's food, amount of nesting material you have to be able to have children, and your population as well as their genes.You must learn to balance out food for each tribe members. This can be a rough task at first, but as you pla the game more, you will realize how simple it is to get food, and how abundant the food in Niche really can be. Depending on your tribe's genetics, you may be able to quickly gain food by fishing, collecting berries, and collecting meat from crabs, rabbits, and other prey.You must learn to gather nesting material or find a nest already placed on your island. Nests can be quite abundant as well, but it is nice having a nest you built yourself, because you can choose it's location. It can be placed next to a large amount of food. If you pick a pre-built nest it can be rough starting out depending on how close you are to your food sources. Building nests costs nesting material, and you get this from grass.Like every ecosystem, there are predators. Depending on which habitat you choose to reside in, you will have different predators. These predators will easily kill you, unless you have the proper genetics to fend for yourself. There are many different genes you can use to protect yourself. All of these look different, and have different stats. The stronger genes you choose, the easier it will be to defend yourself.These genes come from breeding your creatures together. Just like in the wild, the strongest nichelings will survive. If they are sickly, they will die quickly.This game is a very relaxing game, and is playable for hours. Great game, and a simple way to teach adults and children how genetics work."
,Recommended,440650,32821417,Posted: 26 June,all,MaGiKarP Lv.<3,"Niche in its current state is better than 90% of games on here. Even though it's in an Alpha state the flow, mechanics and features shine bright. Anyone who likes breeding systems should buy this. I will say that work is needed, more content is a must, but as long as the devs stay true it will end up marvelous."
76561198284734453,Recommended,440650,30929365,Posted: 3 April,all,Yeesaurus,A good game but I always get a girl when i get a baby. can you help
76561198290003824,Recommended,440650,32886329,Posted: 27 June,all,Babylonica,This game is so amazing it is easy to just get lost for hours making new families and discovering awesome genetic traits. Truely it is consuming my life....cannot log off...please send help...so we can play together >.<
76561198399789044,Recommended,440650,32884390,Posted: 27 June,all,desiree.zarate2004,Best game I ever played fun and let me learn more about how hard it is to survive when your not human would recommend.
76561198306941633,Recommended,440650,32154509,Posted: 3 June,all,Nut3lla,"A game that is beautiful, challenging and has a relaxing soundtrack all in one. :)Natural events such as: climate change, predators and sickness can easily change your creatures fates.The game is amazing already and isn't even complete yet, with updates to come such as: wings, hybrids and more!10/10 game in my opinion :)"
76561198339838040,Recommended,440650,32169435,Posted: 3 June,all,jvpalencia,This game is great! I've gained basic knowledge about genetics and love giving each creature their own personality and backstory.
,Recommended,440650,32167862,Posted: 3 June,all,Umbreon,I really enjoy this game and i have put many hours in it. It is a very calming game that is fun to play and relax. Its really cool to see you creatures evolve and change over time as you breed them to fit the environment. It's great for people that like to take games slow and expect great things from long work.
,Recommended,440650,32238280,Posted: 7 June,all,wahpatah,I LOVE THIS GAME!! It is sooo cute and easy to play but still offers challenges in survival. <3
76561198103396146,Recommended,440650,32499623,Posted: 17 June,all,VadeHer,"This game employs an addictive combination of genetics and strategy that makes me play it week after week. Updates could always be faster, but they are always released thoughtfully and the developer really listens to community feedback. I look forward to every update and I'm excited to see what else is on the horzion for this already very polished game."
76561198081743324,Recommended,440650,33762898,Posted: 24 July,all,Maddie! Maddie!,"This is a very fun and kind of relaxing game and it is VERY addictive and interesting in my opinion because i LOVE games like these where you can breed awesome looking creatures back and forth to create new babiezzzz just to make your interesting little species last as long as possible traveling between different islands and biomes with possible new pack members to invite to bring in some new genes :D OR end up getting all your perfect gene female creatures f*cked up ""literally"" by ONE rogue male with c*ap genetics and ruin your plans for the perfect species! ;D"
76561198290052976,Recommended,440650,28991353,Posted: 3 January,all,Xenomorph Trash,"the game is coming along great- I love how the game is always pushing you to perfect the creatures genes. its a balance, and you are the god here, you make the choices."
76561198407361980,Recommended,440650,33793824,Posted: 25 July,all,tessa020295,i love this game and i cant wait for the next big updates
76561198352319907,Recommended,440650,33841411,Posted: 27 July,all,cerealouslyarebel,"I absolutely love this game, and I think i'm a bit too attached to my spotted tribe of creatures."
76561198313500635,Recommended,440650,33867925,Posted: 28 July,all,Lilcrow,"its a great game. I love how you can pick and choice your genetics. I wish there where a few new genetics but, even without it still a great game. been slightly glitch as of later. it might just be my computer though. more enemies would be cool also. great for teaching your kids about genetics, my younger brother loves to play this game. cant wait for the next update."
76561198298812281,Recommended,440650,33870814,Posted: 28 July,all,tntfinbarre,"when i think of this game i think: Happiness, Struggle, Purrsonality,(see what i did there?) Intelligence and a great, fun way to teach kids about Genetics and Evolution! legitamately i would say that Niche is probably better then ARK and that is not just being nice! down the line i hope that Niche will continue to blow our minds with content and updates that will make the entire gaming community shake with anticipation and an eagerness to engage in the wonder that is Niche.Good Job Guys"
76561198102054035,Recommended,440650,33856764,Posted: 28 July,all,Jonwalker648,"Niche is pretty enjoyable, if repetitive at first. The tutorial/help needs work, as it doesn't cover a lot of stuff that will confuse a first time player. The apes are also much too difficult; they tracked my group all the way across the island and drove them to starvation. If you haven't bred in a certain type of genetics by the time you get to the jungle, you're doomed. I'm looking forward to seeing more added to this game, an it is certainly enjoyable for those who have outgrown Spore."
76561198163705276,Recommended,440650,33885599,Posted: 29 July,all,Kit_Kat5500,"I don't even know where to start with this game. It's just so good. It's a game that can be played by just about anyone, and holds both casual gameplay and some very difficult gameplay. The best part is you can do one, the other, both, or take some middle path of ups and downs. You can really tell how much thought goes into this game. It's one of the few early access games that could leave early access right now and be fine. With an update every few months, new content and challenges are always right around the corner. I've spent nearly 4 days of my life on this game, and don't come close to regretting it. This is one of my all time favorite games, and highly recommend to anyone looking for a game that mixes survival with adorable creatures."
76561198355560403,Recommended,440650,33910157,Posted: 30 July,all,The Odd One,I like how your game can change by 1 simple mistake even if you are doing really good.
76561198152370878,Recommended,440650,33904747,Posted: 30 July,all,alliemabra,"This is very fun and relaxing game, and it gives me a little rush of stress trying to keep the species alive. The graphics are beautiful and the genetics and hostile creatures are very creative. I loved it!"
,Recommended,440650,33914667,Posted: 30 July,all,DragonGirl730693,"Niche is a very fun and adorable game that lets you use strategy to be able to evolve your creatures to be able to thrive in their environment. There are so many different islands for your creatures to explore, and different challenges for them to overcome with each of these islands."
76561198323135757,Recommended,440650,34017421,Posted: 4 August,all,BlueJay,"This game is so easy to get lost in and spend so much time on, its art style is amazing and the mechanics with genetics is so intelligent, so you can't get bored while playing it. It is 100% worth every penny and i assure you, that you'd enjoy this game a lot too."
76561198176765218,Recommended,440650,34086507,Posted: 7 August,all,♦Silent-Echo♦,"Just bought the game after I saw the Youtuber ""Seri! The Pixel Biologist"" play it and I can't stop playing it myself! So well done in my opinion. Love the cutesy style of it, pretty diverse so far, and simple and yet keeps you thinking. I haven't really seen any big problems so far. However, I think it would be cool if you could assign only 2 alphas and the alphas can have 4 moves instead of 3...?I look forward watching it expanding and developing. Maybe more coat colors, new biomes/islands, character diversity, etc."
76561198411811411,Recommended,440650,34105471,Posted: 8 August,all,click2previewone,This game is very hard but when u get use to it its easy.PS: I need help with updating it......
,Recommended,440650,34089572,Posted: 7 August,all,Sahara14,"Found this game from youtubers, and fell in love with it instantly. Really easy to loose track of time and play for hours a day, watching the creatures grow their own little families! Would definitely reccommend."
76561198188688229,Recommended,440650,34117830,Posted: 8 August,all,criswaller1,"Fantastic genetics/evolution simulator. This game will appeal to anyone with an interest in science or in breeding creatures that may be cute, fearsome, or functional. Educational, engrossing, and unique. The developers are responsive to their players as well."
76561198337407015,Recommended,440650,33978109,Posted: 2 August,all,jmgoblue71,Awesome game! super fun and really cool. But Idk how to update it to the latest version I didn't see the option to when I click on the game in steam or maybe I didn't look hard enough but other then that awesome game.
76561198409465282,Recommended,440650,33910748,Posted: 30 July,all,fichtuna,I do not know why but when I tried to play this game all I saw was a black screen and left it for 40 minutes and there was still a black screen but I still like this game on youtube!
76561198056982137,Recommended,440650,34152096,Posted: 10 August,all,sydneycheney,This game is ridiculously fun! I love playing it and it's a great time consumer. The creatures are all so adorable!
76561198260668473,Recommended,440650,34216535,Posted: 13 August,all,benjaminpowell05,5 stars it is a great game me and mom love it
76561198341646490,Recommended,440650,34221803,Posted: 13 August,all,Leojt2003,"You randomly lose your unlocked genes periodically, when you leave the game I'm guessing."
76561198368044776,Recommended,440650,34465230,Posted: 24 August,all,Floppyfish31,"i really love niche and the new sandbox mode anyway I'm not sure if when you find a gene you are ment to keep it but what happens is it saves the genes you find when you start a new world you still have the new genes but when you quit the game and come back you lose all of the genes you found its not that bad but thought you should know love the game cant wait till the full thing.also I think it would be cool if their was a all unlocked genes so you could just play to test combos and food, but I know you have a lot to do so if you could that would be great"
76561198010078833,Recommended,440650,34248467,Posted: 14 August,all,Mandy,"This game continues to update and impress. It's unique, cute, and fun! I recommend this, but also that you check out some videos to see if this game will be suitable for you."
76561198402018710,Recommended,440650,34242642,Posted: 14 August,all,nightshade9tails,So much fun!!! I highly recommend this to anyone who wants to try something unique and exciting!
76561198410145113,Recommended,440650,34235963,Posted: 14 August,all,rylieroo8,"The game niche is really fun to play. I love that its both challenging and fun, there are so many problems that your tribe can run into and so many different islands to explore so no matter how many tribes you make you will almost never get the same experience. this is only the beta version so there are a few bugs but other than that it works great."
76561198409622342,Recommended,440650,33822915,Posted: 26 July,all,WillowWolf56,"This game is AMAZING. I am excited for every update. Though, I have had my creatures repeatedly suffer from hunger. I feel like I have been tricked by YouTubers about how hard the game is, though I still love it plenty. I just got it today, along with my Steam account, leaving me with the mountain update. I have been wondering how to get the next update (the hybrid update) for a while now. If you can answer my question, I would be very happy, otherwise, play the game!"
76561198302226256,Recommended,440650,34268704,Posted: 15 August,all,Phoenix,"This game has an immersion I've never felt in any other game. When a character is born, the last thing you think is, ""Well they are going to die soon."" Instead you get a connection and it is always broken when they die. They are gone forever, forgotten, and never to be seen again. This makes you feel sad, but this adds so much to the enjoyment of the game. The developers did a exemplary job , and I hope they continue working on it. This game is definitely worth the $20.00. 10 out of 10."
76561198168816056,Recommended,440650,34268305,Posted: 15 August,all,jojocoma04,I got this game and at first i didnt like it too much and i wanted another game but i barely got into it. I made a mistake but I think that this game Is incredible.
76561198317867875,Recommended,440650,34623194,Posted: 30 August,all,Moonstreak57,"I love this game, but I cant update it to the latest version. I checked everything and tried to update it, but it won't work."
76561198082514919,Recommended,440650,34630832,Posted: 31 August,all,ullis.nu,"I love this game, it is so versitle and there is a lot to discover. Would recomend anyday of the week! :D"
76561198131454409,Recommended,440650,34640167,Posted: 31 August,all,FarmerAya,This game is really fun and addicting! Can breed all kinds of silly animals and always something new and fun that pops up.  I cannot wait to keep exploring . It is also challenging and stratigic. Trying to weed out bad traits and figure out what traits are best for your enviroment and much more! The graphics are also pretty and I would very much reccomend this game!
76561198102806597,Recommended,440650,34785423,Posted: 6 September,all,ImanuelNS,"Very fun and interesting game, more of a slow-pace game, its cool"
76561197968823603,Recommended,440650,34780805,Posted: 6 September,all,JodMyster,This game is fun and enjoyable.
76561198133970680,Recommended,440650,34797767,Posted: 7 September,all,hayleypie13,"I love Niche. I really enjoy survival simulations and adding in animals makes it 100 times more fun. Although it does take a bit to get used to the mechanics and many of my early games ended pretty early. After playing it for a few hours I got the hand of it and now I've got a fairly large colony of furry rabbit-puppy creatures with the traits that I wanted.I recommend this game to anyone who like management, simulation, or survival games and certainly anyone who likes animals."
76561198056988744,Recommended,440650,34697539,Posted: 2 September,all,Vampire Loli,Really interesting and really fun
76561198309525115,Recommended,440650,34698600,Posted: 2 September,all,c.e.gore71,Gorgeous Game! I think that you guys should add seasons! I like a challange :D
76561198353551677,Recommended,440650,34707741,Posted: 3 September,all,karrosvensson98,"I Love niche! It is something i can do for hours at a time and ""wake"" up from my nichling like sleep and realise i have been playing for five hours.. XD I feel like a mom and every death is heart breaking. I love beeing a part of this comunity<3"
,Recommended,440650,35186501,Posted: 24 September,all,Coconut8lime,"I love Niche! It's a great game to just immerse yourself in and create your own stories for the creatures you shape over time. There's not much hand holding in Niche, it's a lot of trial and error and there's a very good chance you'll kill off a tribe (or two or three!) before you start getting the hang of everything. Because of that, succeeding at conquering new islands, breeding in those difficult recessive genes, etc. all feel really rewarding!"
,Recommended,440650,35188184,Posted: 24 September,all,CreepypastaAkuma,"I remember playing this a few months after it first came out, I am glad to have been on almost a whole year, and I adore how far it has gone."
76561198157414707,Recommended,440650,34920904,Posted: 13 September,all,Ice Fang,"this game is very beautiful and cool, certainly worth your time"
76561198352158753,Recommended,440650,34922683,Posted: 13 September,all,Stormaggeden,"While I dont particularly like the game that much, I think its good enough to recommend. Its a little hard for me, I end up dying way to much. But its got a cute look to it. And Im sure for some people this game would be a fun challenge."
76561198039247128,Recommended,440650,34924279,Posted: 13 September,all,ShufflePlay,"I thought I wouldn't like ""Niche - a genetics survival game"" at first. But here we are, a year later, still playing.So in this game, you are sent to survive in different islands as an animal tribe, avoiding extinction as you try to keep your animals alive as days pass by. You mutate your creatures, collect food/hunt/fish, run from dangers, build nests, travel to new islands and even create hybrids; every turn, you have decisions to make.Quick pros and consPros:+ Every playthrough is unique+ Your decisions matter+ You are given a lot of freedom+ You quickly lose track of time when playing+ You can decide the difficulty by playing (easy to toggle between different difficulties; islands)+ You can always make it more challenging to yourself+ The game will get more content and updates after the release+ The dev team is very responsive and listens to the game's community+ You aren't forced to learn anything or expected to know genetics+ Every save file is an adventureCons:- The game can get repetitive if you are not very invested- It can feel very difficult to understand and learnNeutral:~ It is very boardgame-like~ It is not very deep~ It is not super customizable (you can't develop your nests to better ones or such)~ You can't build or transform your surroundings (it's about animals and genetics rather than that)~ It can feel very slow paced when playing, rushing usually gets you killed~ At harder difficulties, it demands planning and strategies, which can overwhelm some players~ It appeals to certain kind of players; animal-lovers, biology/genetics geeks, ""organizers"", storytellers, strategy enthusiasts... many females, I can tell you that, the animals are surely considered cuteShould you buy it? If you like the idea and believe you'd enjoy it, yes, I was never disappointed with Niche. Check out some gameplay videos of it if you aren't sure. Should you buy it as a present for someone? Maybe, you really need to know if they would enjoy it.Never played ""these kinds of games"" before? Then I'd say this is a good way to dive in, the community is filled with different aged players who ended up enjoying this game, and play it with their own styles.Community - It's good there, people share ideas, challenges and suggestions. I don't spend a lot of time in the discussions.The game will be released next week, and I write this review to support the game and its developers, who really deserve it! Five stars out of five from me, I truly enjoy this game.Now I'm off to play some Niche, to finally conquer the island I struggled to live in (it was the most epic struggle though!)."
,Recommended,440650,34978003,Posted: 15 September,all,Cryptic Angel,"This game has been something I was looking for for ages, a game that genetics infulenced heavily. It is amazing to see how recessive traits that were carried for generations can just pop up with the right pairing. Most of the time when you least expect it and it is so cool to just look at it and think ""where on earth did that trait come from?"" then go the the genetics and see what caused it.It's even better when you can challenge yourself to breed the ""perfect"" nicheling for the island you are on. It is quite the challenge too.One thing that I really love is that you can play many different ways. Causually just wondering and gathering food or trying to discover everything that is in the islands and hopping from place to place.I have been fallowing this game since before it was on steam when it was just starting out on kickstarter(I think anyway) and goodness has it improved.The graphics are beautiful without being heavy on you're computer, I run my game on my 2012ish laptop and it runs smoothing with only minor bumps if my laptop gets to hot.There are so many many different kinds of markings and colors. The markings/colors even effect how you can hide, stripes give you camaflouge so you can sneak up on prey. There is more to it too that makes the game so realistic and I just love it all.There are cons to it though too:the strength mechanics make it rather difficult to hunt in the begining of the game, a nicheling needs 2-3+ strength to kill a rabbit which can be frustrating when you only have 3 moves and you still need to chase the rabbit down.(though in the next generation this can be fixed by breeding specific traits and hunting isn't your only source of food)Immunity genes can quickly become a problem if you can't find any new members to add to your tribe or you have many nichelings.Rouge males are very persistant and it can be a struggle to decide to chase them off or not since in my experience many have back spines which will hurt your nicheling if they attact him.The hard islands are rather difficult(though that would be obvious by the name) and if you just want to explore this can cause a issue with a causual game.Thats all the cons that I have and despite them I still love this game and cannot wait to see what improvements lay ahead for it, I hope some of you found this helpful and have a wonderful experience if you decide to buy it ^-^Also the achievments are cool and some are amusing(to me)"
76561198021943714,Recommended,440650,35015920,Posted: 16 September,all,Dr.Wolfzie Sawbones,"I love evolution and I love Niche. Rarely do I have a more peaceful moment than when I grab a cup of tea and start playing Niche in the evening. The game has come a long way and it still has another long route of possibilities it can take to become even more engaging and lovable.The only downside I came across was that I had to start over after every update, but meh. It's not as bad as having your Fallout 3 saves formatted~"
,Recommended,440650,35009284,Posted: 16 September,all,Stangryn,Fun little evolution survival game.  Consistently has been updated and fixed since appearing on steam.  If the concept of evolution disturbs you... you probably have some serious problems you should take care of before getting this game.
76561198763172213,Recommended,440650,35010110,Posted: 16 September,all,burkhartlaurel,"Niche is the best game I've ever played, and that's saying something since I've played around 100 games! Niche is simple but fun! Beautiful furs/coats and it teaches things about genetics! Overall I'd recommend niche! <3"
,Recommended,440650,33663882,Posted: 19 July,all,DilophoYT,"Ok, so this game is about taking care of a pack of animals. They are your species, the only ones in the world. You must make sure they survive.I know this game looks and sounds so boring at first, but it's not THAT bad (Okay, maybe it is... yeah it is pretty bad.) Read on. Also, it seems like it is only about breeding and genetics, but nope again!I am SO neutral on recommending this, don't judge that I did recommend it. Please read on, and let me know what YOU think!The game is really like this:You breed your first 2 animals.Collect food.End of dayCollect food.End of dayMove kid out of nest, breed again.Collect food.End of dayETC.So, it is rather repetive and tedious BUT it actually does not feel that boring, just a little, but after a while it really hits you.The game is SUPER tiring after 30-45 minuets. Like, really. You get a total brain fog.My pack usually gets wiped out after there is no females/males left. You then go out and try to find a stray animal, hope it's whatever gender you need, invite it to your pack for 5 food, then find a nest and mate with it.It's really a tiring cycle. Yes, it's a cycle. You will probably run out of the OTHER gender this time, then try and find a stray, etc.Anyway, the game is not super-fun but it IS addicting and good for passing time.Definately not for everyone!It really, really could use a lot more to do, more gamemodes, etc.For me, the weather is always the same. I belive it is gonna get improved soon though, I sure hope so!'Warm Weather-A Warm Breeze Blows'Also, when I move islands I only see 2 biomes- a wetlands biome, and the forest-plains biome of the starter island. I move from starter island to wetlands, then off of wetlands to a starter island. All the islands look the same for me pretty much.Every time you have to (or just do) make a new world, it is just ALWAYS THE SAME THING!Sure, genes are differant, but gameplay? Nopeeeee.Anyway, this was fun and addicting at FIRST but NOW I can hardly bring myself to play it.Neutral recommendation on this, reminding you.I wish I could say something that sounded good about this game, but unfortunately I can not think of much. This is what I CAN recommend-Fun at first, addicting at first & interesting at first-Cute animals-Great potential and game idea, I have to give so much credit to how it is so unique, there is no game like it.Again, I AM neutral on it, hut I hope this helped.Thanks for reading another Dilopho review!Youtube.com/c/DilophoYTI love feedback! I also HAVE A GUIDE FOR THIS GAME. Look at it on my profile content!"
76561198176725086,Recommended,440650,35068877,Posted: 19 September,all,sunnysideup,"great game! needs strategy. i dont like the requirements needed to get new gene mutations, but it adds another level to the game."
,Recommended,440650,35074757,Posted: 19 September,all,✦LilBug✦,"I love this game, I fist saw it on siris channel, now i bought it. This game inspires me through my art and creativity. Cant wait to play the release!!!"
76561198041819645,Recommended,440650,29346197,Posted: 18 January,all,ImperialFish,"I gave this game another shot after I left a negative review a few months ago. I am pleased with what progress has been made! While it isn't perfect, I think it is now a solid game with replayability and a passable tutorial.Pros:- This game is rather educational. I don't know much about genetics to say whether all this is accurate or not, but I feel like I'm learning. What I DO know about genetics seems to match up though.- You have freedom. This is a perfect example of a sandbox game. There is sort-of a vague goal, but it isn't important. You do whatever you want. Want to make a homogeneous pack of carbon copy animals? Do it. Want to make all your animals swimmers? Do it. Want to make the ugliest abominations to ever be pictured? You'll get there without trying, so do it.- The intro video is neat. That art fits the rest of the game pretty well.- Most of the mechanics are intuitive enough that even if you missed the tutorial message, you'll figure it out.- I love it when games give you the controls, but don't hold your hand. This game says ""here's how to control the camera, here's a copy of the Karma Sutra, have fun."" I don't want my hand held. I'm an intelligent (usually) human being.- The game doesn't jsut increase difficulty in ""how frequently do we throw bears in that direction?"" but by changing the map itself and the available food sources.Cons:- Linking the ""help"" option to your forums has got to be one of the laziest moves ever. To quote my own pros section: ""I'm an intelligent (usually) human being."" Thus, I know how Google works.- The tutorial is passable, but no more than that. The tiny messages are easy to miss, and click out of accidentally. The game is intuitive enough that you'll pick it up anyway, but there isn't even an option to bring back a tutorial message.- Too many notifications. Yes, I get it. Somebody is sick. No way, their kid and everyone near them is sick too? Oh really, everyone near each of them is sick? No real right answer there, though. I'd rather have more notifications than too few.- If this game gets too popular, it will be a breeding ground (pun intended) for furry art and stuff. That would not be good. Please never host that stuff on the community pages.I think this is a good game with active developers that listen to the players. This game works pretty well as both a relaxing, short burst game or a weekend time sink (it'll probably be the former for me)."
76561198351498870,Recommended,440650,35057634,Posted: 18 September,all,Skysprinter009,"(WARNING RAMBLE)I love niche, and I have had it for a while, so I thought I might write a review.Niche is full of content, (with even more coming!), and you can mish-mash stuff however you want. There are two modes: sandbox and story. In story mode, you start with Adam losing his family and go on the quest to find them with his new mate, eve, whose descendants search for the fabled adam's island where Adam's family resides. You can go full or do-or-die in sandbox, facing harsh climates and deadly predators completely unprepared, or you can travel around the peaceful islands, experimenting with the random genes you received and telling story's.I have found that most (correct me if I am wrong)of the negative reviews on niche are made by people who have p,Syed under an hour, and they complain about the fact that the game seems ""boring"", ""confusing"", ""repetitive"", and that's true, at the start, but as you advance to new islands and survive, your tribe's story's become more complex and interesting. The only way for it to be boring is if a) you spend only 30 mins on it like most of the negative reviewers did and then just drop it, or you have no creativity at all.Niche allows you to build your own culture and traditions. You shape the feel of your world, choose the colors and landscapes.The unlocking system for niche genes is quite clever, based on real genetics but a little more loosey goosey so you don't have to wait billions of generations like in real life. You can completely change the genetic make up of a tribe in 3 generations!Although the island unlocking system in Storymode is a bit tedious, you can just switch to a Sandbox game and BOOM you are on the island you wanted to be on.Niche is an overall great game!My only critique: (take note these are minor things, not that important. I like to nit-pick :P)is that there should be a creature creator that lets you see what combinations would look like and what they would do.is that there should be more uses for digger pawIs that fully-hybridized nichelings should have better movement, although it is true that it would be a little op. But still, I would like the movement to be at least 2, maybe even 3, but not one!(This is only if you want more than 5 games or you want to play older versions but still have room to make new games on the other versions)Is that there should be a way to get the save file of a game without having to dig through your folders (and the folder it's in does not appear on some platforms) like maybe a small button on the screen next to your worlds that will open up the folder automatically."
76561198360253766,Recommended,440650,35026276,Posted: 17 September,all,Ruby,Help my game will not open help!
76561198049949381,Recommended,440650,35226857,Posted: 26 September,all,lancelot2001ca,"The game mechanics are complex but easy to understand if you take one minute or two to assimilate them.It gives you an idea of how complex genetics are.The designers also build their game in a way that it opens doors for expansions (not just tiny dlcs that adds stuff, but big expansions).It is not an easy game, especially if you do not take that one or two minute to understand how things works.The tutorial is rather small, I would include an entire part to the genetics and how it works in the game. For example, the tutorial does not tell you how to get rid of trraits you do not want in your breed nor does it tell you how to develop new traits. Since this is a genetics game, why is the tutorial deprived of any genetic-related instructions? It's sad.The story mode should be by steps, each time you change island, you should get another story part, giving you hints where your family is. That way, you can either follow your own path or seek your old family.On more superficial, and unimportant for me, aspects of the game...- The graphics are nice and cute.- Music is pleasant, but I would add more tracks in its first big expansion- Sounds are also entertaining.I strongly recommand this game to everyone. It is well worth its price, and if it is on sale jump on it. It is relaxing yet not too easy. Just take two minutes to learn how the genetics work and keep an eye on those genes so that you do not get sickly descendants."
76561198053906409,Recommended,440650,35208621,Posted: 25 September,all,RunsWithScissors,"I have been waiting for a genetics based game since Creatures over ten years ago. This game is challenging and I love slowly building breeds to survive each island, one generation at a time. Mentally and visually stimulating, Niche is a game that will bring hours of fun to players."
76561198080277461,Recommended,440650,35207057,Posted: 25 September,all,Coronium,"Niche is a unique strategy game. I got this game a long while back when I saw one of my favorite youtubers play it, and It was a great choice. The game has grown so much since I got it, and I am excited that they have reached the funds to add on the game (yay c;!). As you play, the game gets increasingly hard. I found it helpful to make jobs for each baby you get. The game can be very unpredictable at times, and I think that's what makes this game shine. I sincerely recommend this game to anyone who is unsure. Thanks for reading my review. :3"
76561198254749535,Recommended,440650,35228633,Posted: 26 September,all,Anna,"It's a really cute game <3 You fall immediately in love with the animals. I recommend the game to everybody that likes genetic games. Because you can breed animals that follow the rules of genetics, what is really awesome! Or you play it because of the cute and sweet animals, just like me :D"
76561198072633904,Recommended,440650,31781799,Posted: 15 May,all,lawrence,"Updated review:Cute meets complicated. Adorable animals with abilities that depend on what you choose to develop in your virtual pack. Complex genetic code pairings plus a healthy dose of randomization means this game is definitely designed for those who enjoy flexible strategic planning. Fortunately the game is turn-based, so you don't have to rush while deciding how to use your energies.An enjoyable game for those who like to strategize, sort through complex information, expect the unexpected, stare at cute animals, and take their time doing so."
76561198152397630,Recommended,440650,35103884,Posted: 21 September,all,TheGingerJackal,"This game is overwhelmingly addictive, and really gets you thinking!!! Love it to pieces, and love the depth of the genetics you can play around with... brilliant game."
76561198400151716,Recommended,440650,35100640,Posted: 21 September,all,Aeris,"I love this game! The designs are all great, and you guys just keep on adding new features!Almost everything about It's concept is great, from trying to keep your tribe alive, to teaching things in a way that canactually be fun. And I really like how you take into mind the things people suggest!Since it was first released, I've been following its updates, and It's come so far! I first saw it when Seri! played it on her YouTube channel, and it's been fun watching it evolve. (Pun completely intended X3) I bought it not too long ago, while it was still in early access. If I could, I would have bought it a million more times to help you out.I recommend this to anyone who likes animals, science, and anyone in between! :D(And, I know this has been brought up before, but a multi-player version would be AMAZING! Even just a simple two-player. I know it would probably take a while, but if it's something you plan on doing, I'm definitely willing to wait for it :)"
,Recommended,440650,35090506,Posted: 20 September,all,pixcygamer,"I absolutely love this game. Would reccomend watching gameplay videos before making the decision to purchase. The fact that you can make the story as you go along is awesome. Niche has made this game stunning. The different mutations, hybrids and patterns are too adorable.The new features and changes that Niche has made are fantastic to say the least. I am so excited about this game. It is unlike anything I have ever played before. There are so many games out there now that it’s not easy to find something new, something that has never been done before. Niche has done what some thought was impossible."
,Recommended,440650,35088684,Posted: 20 September,all,♡ Oil Pony ♡,"This has been one of my favorite early access experiences. The devs are extremely active and aim to please. I have no doubt that in full access, it will continue to be a labor of love. Absolutely lovely community with Niche. And I cannot praise the devs high enough for how they brought this game to where it is--day before full release!This game is cute. It's addicting. It is NOT easy and it is not a simple, mindless game. If you want a challenge, this game provides many. It has a Don't Starve feel for me because of the way survival works. It is more forgiving, though.My favorite aspect of the game is the tactical character customization. You can get your animals to look the way you want, by focusing on different genetics. It is extremely rewarding and satisfying. Getting to the point of seeing my species start to thrive is what keeps me going for hours.If you like cute and tactical with challenge, give it a shot.. this is one of my favorite games in my library!"
,Recommended,440650,35139577,Posted: 22 September,all,I'm Not Pearl,"An interesting play! It was fun going from the original betas and even originally playing the demo! This game is like sims and spore mashed into one adorable ball of cute, but don't take the cuteness lightly! Overall, this game is a fun play, and I have spent hours on end with each update!"
76561198333988353,Recommended,440650,30076015,Posted: 21 February,all,ebbaoj,"I love this game!! The style, the graphics, the features! Truly is like nothing I've ever seen or played before- An amazing experience! I've played the game for almost 9 months, and there's still so very much left to explore. 11/10, would recommend!"
76561198043920994,Recommended,440650,34941444,Posted: 13 September,all,Casandraelf,it's difficult but addictive. hopefully i can figure out a decent strategy
,Recommended,440650,35193897,Posted: 24 September,all,MuesliTV,"It has been a wonder seeing this game develop over its lifespan. I started playing back during Alpha, and now this game is fully developed and has so many neat features. I have long wanted an acurate (but fun) genetics game, and this fits that niche perfectly. i look forward to seeing this game develop further. Thank's to all  the Devs and others who worked on this. I cannot reccomend it highly enough!"
,Recommended,440650,35168333,Posted: 23 September,all,Gusty,this is really interesting
76561198036745772,Recommended,440650,32031925,Posted: 28 May,all,dd31879,"I am re-reviewing the game from Early Access now that it has been released officially as version 1.0.The start up UI has been completely reworked and looks much nicer and easier to navigate around. Pressing 'Play' the UI now presents you with two different game modes which are 'Story' and 'Sandbox'.'Story' mode is like a beginners tutorial. It tells a little story about the first two Niche creatures on the island while teaching you to work the game.Much of the in-game UI has changed since Early Access and the tutorial now goes over where most things are located and what things are.I made mention of a few things missing in my last review which are still missing in this version of the official release of the tutorial.- no explanation of gene menu- no explanation of mutation menu or using it- it points out nest and food, but somehow forgets and important point of pointing out population?additionally i feel like it should have mentioned RANK (alpha, beta, omega) as it plays an important role. it doesn't mention this even briefly.'Sandbox' mode is what you would expect it to be. It is what most people who have played the game before, or have done the tutorial already, would play. It now allows for MANY different starting settings compared to what was just a one size approach in Early Access. For example if you chose 'Easy Islands' and 'Tiny Green' it would give you smaller size islands that are grassy at the start of your game. There are Easy/Medium/Hard/Killer settings for different island difficulties as well as different biome types.Fortunately now that niche has reached a more 'stable' state information about what the tutorial leaves out can be found if there are questions about it. Which was one the major issues in the past.Overall I would definitely recommend the game now that it has officially released. It was fun playing it in Early Access and I am looking forward to playing more of it now that it has released."
76561198352086226,Recommended,440650,35184854,Posted: 24 September,all,Ashley.n.henry,This game is awesome. Now that's it's on sell you should get it!
76561198221288100,Recommended,440650,32731564,Posted: 24 June,all,Spicy_Fruit,"Niche, how far this game has come.Ive been following niche since May in 2016 when I saw a gameplay series of the game. Ive been in love with it ever since. This game is something special for sure, I have no doubts about that.Gameplay:The gameplay in Niche is repetetive at times, but can be unpredictable and rewarding. Being able to micromanage your creatures genetics whilst marvelling at your creations is possibly one of the most entertaining qualities Ive ever seen in a game. The soundtrack helps to emphasise the whole 'Ancient tribe' theme as well.The main win for me with the game is that when a creature from your tribe dies, you really feel an impact on gameplay. This kind of relationship between player and character is what most game lack today.Overall I cannot reccomend this game enough, please do yourself a favour and buy it!"
,Recommended,440650,35165857,Posted: 23 September,all,matthewl1111,genetic purity the game
76561198285334630,Recommended,440650,34999109,Posted: 16 September,all,Bowl o' Bunnys,"Haha one of the best games ive ever played, guys.. Keep up the good work with this dang game, its amazing!! There are alot of struggles with these cute creatures, XD... I feel horrible when an animal died of hunger... Well, wheneer any animal dies. o-o  There are many interesting breeds, i must say, I also can't find anything wrong with this game, i'd just like to listen to some more calming songs... :)"
76561198059630487,Recommended,440650,35162607,Posted: 23 September,all,Nexomify,"This game is a little unforgiving at times, but it's extremely fun and quite interesting. I like seeing the variations each new baby has. Managed to get melanism today, had a whole batch of pure black babies running around.(originally included a comment about rotating the screen, but I found out you totally can xD)"
76561198256090667,Recommended,440650,35234930,Posted: 26 September,all,elizabeth15guerra,"This is an amazing game. If you love games with families, animals, and challenges definitely check this game out. The creatures are so unique, the community is so supportive and the creators love to incorporate our ideas into the game. I have never loved a game this much."
76561198065993122,Recommended,440650,35250693,Posted: 27 September,all,contrabag,"A genetics simulator wth cute cat-dogs and derp snouts? Count me IN. 11/10.tl;dr Game is good, genetics are great, amen.Good- I am addicted. I keep turning it off to do something else and within 30 minutes I get the urge to just try, try again.- It is difficult to grasp at first, but I think of the Dwarf Fortress model every time my entire tribe dies horribly: LOSING is FUN- The graphics are adorable, even on Low settings.- The variety of ""play styles"" based on the interaction between genetics and the local environment make me desperate to try EVERYTHING.- The genetic mechanics, in general, are obtuse and complicated, just like real life! (I graduated with a degree in Biology, so the complexity and detail and the sheer amount of research and time that went into crafting the genetic mechanics are ENTIRELY appreciated and I love every bit of it. This is what pushed the game from ""huh, cool nature sim"" to ""MUST BUY NOW."")Meh- Sandbox is great, but I love a good optional story mode. The Adam story is mostly a brief tutorial, which would be fine if there was a more substantial tool tip system or Help menu that didn't open up to a webpage.- There is a mysterious absence of hotkeys, other than the map modes.Bad- You know how there's a column of all your household Sims on the left of the Sims screen? This game doesn't have that. Finding a lost/forgotten animal requires actual searching (damn you, tall grass!) or cycling through with tab. It is infuriatingly slow and a Sims-like display (menu?) of all your living tribe members would be awesome. There's plenty of room on the screen!- I mentioned the Adam story mode previous as a Meh, but I really, really want more objectives outside of Steam achievements. I'm at a loss for ideas though so I can't blame the developers..."
,Recommended,440650,35244234,Posted: 27 September,all,1e9,"I changed my review to positive, thanks to developer Micha instantly replying to my crashing problem with a working bug bypass. Thanks!I'm still on the edge on the verdict: positive or negative. The idea is great, but the game is still in  early stage of development. I feel there is an underserved market niche for games with some learning / science mechanics, so there is a niche for niche.The solution (from Micha): if you get black screen on launch, in""$HOME/.config/unity3d/Team Niche/Niche - a genetics survival game/Settings.ini"" change ""FullScreen=0"". The game is playable in windowed mode."
76561198102160055,Recommended,440650,35274909,Posted: 28 September,all,hylotl chef,"very good very good...very realistic,SUCH genetic that i lose but its good please suppot them ;)"
76561198275714757,Recommended,440650,35229772,Posted: 26 September,all,Eevee,I really liked the consept and ideas for the game but I think you could better explain them so we can get a fuller experience instead of learning through a long and hard trial and fail.
,Recommended,440650,35234793,Posted: 26 September,all,Pluma (*´ω｀*),"Niche is a wonderful game, a good cross between strategy and survival that is not too difficult nor too easy. It's endlessly fun, and will continue to improve throughout it's life. I've had Niche since the beginning, and I'm so proud of how much it's advanced and changed, and I hope that more people will give it a chance! This really is an amazing game."
76561198066833374,Recommended,440650,35250159,Posted: 27 September,all,gECKOkING,"If you are looking for a very challenging strategy game, you've found it. It is quite indepth and there is a lot you need to figure out and adapt to to become a succesfull species.Also, this game is obviously even more appealing to those with an interest in biology."
76561198390817664,Recommended,440650,35249497,Posted: 27 September,all,LordessSpartan,"I highly recommend this game for everyone! It is really fun and has the thrilling vibe of adventure, trying to expand and keep your pack alive from all the dangers! Easy controls, great music, fun gameplay, isn't that all you need?! :D All you need is some basic science knowledge on genetics/genes so you know who to breed for traits and your set! There is some lag here and then but overall this is a really good game, the money was worth it."
,Recommended,440650,35276927,Posted: 28 September,all,feral_stone,"Really love this little game. The turn based element reminds me a lot of the Civilization series mechanics.The genetic aspect is absolutely my favorite part, though. I'm 3 hours in and there's a lot of interesting variety.Keep in mind, the game is n the simpler side with basic elements, though there's a lot of underlying aspects that seem to play into how things work. Don't expect anything super fast-paced, though. This is a neat eugenics sandbox, not a game with a specific goal, aside from those that you set for yourself. If you're looking for something that has a challenge element to it while still being a relaxing structure, this is definitely for you. I look forward to seeing how the game is updated and expanded, and I hope it goes far!"
