user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198042261571,Recommended,440880,22773432,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Jamie,"A delightful little pixel horror that encourages you to play it again in order to have a grotesque party, see all of the delightful sights of the castle, and enjoy all of the wonderful things it has to offer.The game isn't particularly long and the puzzles aren't very difficult. The Count Lucanor is going to push you to be very patient and think for solutions to puzzles and wait for those pesky enemies to pass by so you can pass freely on your way to get rich or die trying. Or something. I don't know. You're ten in this game and you're a total snot-nosed brat. Whatever kids do to get rich in a medieval setting. I guess lemonade stands don't work in this.Hans is an interesting protagonist, though. He's poor. He's mad. He wants something to change. He's upset his birthday feels like an ordinary day. I feel you, Hans. I feel you. So after he storms off, things become a relative acid trip. This is like a 70s filmed fairytale cartoon, only there's a lot more death. Think of this as Little Red Riding Hood paired with Alice in Wonderland and pepper that with some Hansel and Gretel. Then we throw in a dungeon crawler game with some classic horror hiding mechanics. It's an interesting thing to try and blend together, but it really works. Some of your enemies are terrifying and Lovecraftian. Some look like they're ripped out of a 90s anime. Others look like your standard dungeon crawling enemies. The thing is, you can't actually attack anyone. You're ten. All you can do is run and hide.The hiding can get very irritating because the enemies are smart. They know about where you disappeared to and they will come after you. They will lurk in the area. If you disappeared behind a door, they will still be there. In a way, this is sort of an improvement upon old games that instantly reset enemies. If someone saw you go into a door, obviously they should be there waiting for you. Realistic, yeah. It's still hard to make a daring escape that way.Those same smart enemies also have a very nice range of pull so if you didn't get out of the way in the time you needed to, prepare your buns, hun. They will just pull you everywhere and it's um, not polite. Keep your tentacles to yourself. That's quite rude, you know. You didn't even buy me dinner. Speaking of, there's something about this game that does make me very happy. Every time you die, it's your fault. There's no overpowered character. There's nothing there that you can blame on the game. It's always your poor planning or your impatience that killed you. After dying multiple times in one area, I found there was another way around. Let's just place on my little hat that says ""Shame on Me"" and pretend I didn't have some death run that even some kind of famous youtuber would envy for some views. I learned my lesson.Anyway, much like all fairytales, this game is incredibly dark and topics of murder and torture are tossed around like a joke. If you don't think fairytales are dark, remember that parent figures regularly murder children in the santized versions. Okay? Okay. So. This is all some blood covered goodness. In fact, that's literal in many parts of the game. Sure, the blue kobold is adorable and Hans has these kawaii anime eyes, but this gets dark. Even the storyline gets pretty dark, though that doesn't really kick in until the last part of the game.Visually, The Count Lucanor is pleasing for pixels. There's still a lot that can be accomplished with pixels and told in pixels. This game is perfect for it. It's bright and completely tricks you into thinking this game is going to be happy while it mops the floor with a bucket of blood. You know, for the grotesque party we'll have later. Yeah. I can't really comment on the music because it's period appropriate classical music. An untrained ear wouldn't figure out what it is. If you're a mega nerd, you'll just be grinning like a lunatic while you keep playing and whispering music jokes. Please don't. I'm one of these nerds. You'll start groaning at your own jokes. I'm warning you ahead of time not to do that to yourself. Just keep playing and don't do that.It's not incredibly high horror. The worst jumpscare I got was the loading screen when I had a little kobold staring at me and letting me know my game was loading. If I clicked on it now, he'd still scare me. He doesn't make a noise and it still makes me want to scream. He is not pleasant to look at. A certain Charlemengo is not my cup of tea, but it's more like he gives me the heebie jeebies rather than makes me jump out of my seat. There's nothing that's going to just jump into your screen and latch onto your face. The Count Lucanor wants you to be uncomfortable and increases your discomfort gradually as you progress. As you piece together the story you're about to unfold, you keep finding out more unfortunate things. I'd probably call this light horror, even with some of the chunky and gooey bits we see in game. Don't go into this thinking you're going to scream and start getting jumpscares. This is not that kind of game.As always because I'm the one who has to make a note of it, here's your health info from someone who does things she shouldn't. There are not that many scenes of flashing lights. It's a video game, you're going to expect some. Sure. But these were pretty low and dimmed. I got the effects of ""whooosh magical powers activated"" and didn't get flashed into Migraine Town. Or Seizure Ville. (Gee why do I still play video games then? Good question.) There's still a few short scenes and if you're sensitive to them, obviously you shouldn't play. But if you're not too badly off, hey you could probably handle it. Otherwise no other problems.The only people who should not play this game is if you're not patient. If you're impatient, this game will suck for you. If you can just take five minutes to breathe and think, you'll be fine. I think most people can enjoy this game. If you've got a twisted sense of humor, this is probably something you'll really like. If you just want to send a ten-year-old off to his possible doom for the promise of fame and fortune that may not even be there, then...sure! Sure, great! Get it!"
,Recommended,440880,23394363,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Celtic Samurai,"I am going to preface this by saying that the comparisons of this game to Undertale are a bit ridiculous. Both games are excellent in their own rights, but they are not the same. Undertale is a charming RPG in which you can either befriend everyone or slaughter everyone. The Count Lucanor is a survival horror game (although still charming) in which you overcome a hurdle of creepy baddies and traps to find letters, and ultimately guess the kobold's name.I must say that I appreciate the fact that this horror game doesn't focus so heavily on jumpscares. In fact, the ""jumpscare"" moments end up being more funny than anything (I think on purpose). The game relies more on legitimate tension, because if these enemies see you, you're going to have a bad time (heheh). Even though the enemies aren't the sharpest tools in the shed, they still pose quite a threat to you with the kind of damage they deal (especially a certain character that I will not name).Something that I learned in this game was to take absolutely nothing for granted. What I thought would be useless garbage ended up being some of the most vital parts of the game. Decisions you make in the beginning will help you piece together certain things when it truly matters. Bear in mind that this game has multiple endings, so you might find yourself replaying this game once or twice; I know I did. Once everything in this game has clicked with you, getting the more satisfying endings will be a piece of cake.9/10 I thoroughly enjoyed every second of it.P.S. If you are familiar with Juan Manuel's original tale, then the final answer might just tickle you."
,Recommended,440880,21934595,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,"Six Skulls, Trembling Bones","It's Brothers Grimm Ib. If you understand what that means, you should probably get this game."
,Recommended,440880,24125357,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Gynosaur,"This is a smart and surprisingly literate little game. There is some obvious jank in the controls and general presentation, but it does little to detract from the overall experience. The game really nails the dark and disturbing tone of its most obvious story inspirations, which are old fairy tales and moral fables. You won't find much for jump scares and modern horror gore, but the whole affair just drips with heavy atmosphere and tone. So, if you're into a more frenetic, slasher-thriller style of scare, this probably won't be for you. But if you want something more deliberately paced and that builds a quiet horror by giving you nasty little things to think about and puzzle over, which is much more my speed, then I think you'll find this a treat. Be aware, this applies to gameplay as well. There's no combat in the game whatsoever, just avoidance. And your walk speed is fairly plodding. I didn't find it an issue, as you never have much ground to cover to get where you're going and the ambling pace helps to maintain the atmosphere. Others will find it slow. You'll hopefully know your own tendencies well enough to know if this will be an issue for you, because the game is resolutely and deliberately stuck in first gear the whole time. Caveat emptor.The other thing that I think may mar the experience for some is the odd and sometimes glitchy enemy AI and pathfinding. Remember, there's some jank here. The creatures that hunt you are going to get hung up occasionally and do other dumb glitchy things. Again, I didn't have much problem with this, as mostly enemies aren't difficult to avoid and you won't have to wait long before things will clear up if they get goofy. But on the rare occasions where you're in tight quarters and more precise timing is needed, there can be some small amount of frustration.Another big draw and selling point for me was the degree of openness to the gameplay and story. This is a game that encourages and rewards exploration by giving you lots of interesting things to see and legit choices about how you want to solve the problems you're facing. There are a lot of games out there that advertise their ""choice-based"" gameplay, but then give you really simple, binary morality systems to frame them. This isn't one of those. For a small game, The Count Lucanor really gives you a surprising amount of agency over choices and solutions. This really is a game where things you do early on can completely change the ways things go later, but without telling the player their choices are ""bad"" or taking away the best outcomes for not doing things the ways the devs would have preferred.All in all, The Count Lucanor is a fun, pretty and nasty little bag of secrets. If you like exploration more than action and your horror creeping more than gnashing, you'll find a lot to love here. I had a great time and felt like it was one of the best games I've played in quite a while. Very highly recommended for those who are into this sort of thing."
76561198052705243,Recommended,440880,34297031,Posted: 16 August,all,Yazu13,"The Count Lucanor is like those old German folk tales about kids encountering mythical beasts and magical people after leaving home; facing the consequences of their childish actions and desires in often grim ways.  Much like those old tales as well, The Count Lucanor takes an ordinarily tame and whimsical story and injects it with a lot of mature violence and unsettling imagery.  If you think of Hansel and Gretel or Little Red Riding Hood, you'll know that these stories meant for children can actually be quite dark despite their innocent profiles.  Taking this concept of juxtaposing lightheartedness and ghoulish tragedy is what those tales were all about, and The Count Lucanor succeeds in crafting a short tale around these themes that is often as frightening as it is playful.The story revolves around Hans, a poor boy living in the countryside alone with his mom, as his dad left to fight in the war.  On the day of his 10th birthday, he becomes fed up with being poor when his mom can't afford presents or a cake for him, so he decides to leave home for good and enters the forest behind their home to look for adventure and riches.  Night soon falls however, and Hans finds that the forest has become a sort of nightmare as the streams run with blood and once-ordinary goats now stand on their hind legs with murder in their eyes.  He eventually makes his way through the horrors and comes upon a quaint blue kobold (Spirit) who leads him to an old castle.  The kobold then tells him that if he can guess his name then he will become the successor to Count Lucanor and inherit the Count's castle and vast fortune.From there, the game settles into its adventure with light puzzles and mysteries to piece together.  Your goal is to gather envelopes scattered around the castle which each contain a letter of the kobold's name.  Along the way you uncover secrets, gather helpful items, and avoid the numerous traps and dangerous denizens of the castle.  You can't attack, and instead must rely on candles which you can hold and set down to light the way and give you some early warning before bumping into a horror in the dark.  The game world opens up in the castle, but much of the side quests and discoveries come naturally in your pursuit of the envelopes, and it all feels very focused and purposeful.  You meet people along the way who have their own place in your quest and who give insights into your journey, and uncover revelations that the castle holds without feeling like your playtime is being artificially lengthened with trivial chores or aimless exploration.Overall, The Count Lucanor is tried and true Brothers Grimm folklore, and nails the tone and atmosphere one would expect from such works.  From the expressive pixel art to the soundtrack which evokes a gothic fairytale, the game feels faithful to its inspirations.  Along with its brisk pacing and satisfying, though easy, puzzles, there's rarely a dull moment in this charming and macabre adventure.  It all can be experienced in an evening, and despite its brief length, leaves a lasting impression with its earnest efforts and carefully crafted storybook dressings."
76561198116747116,Recommended,440880,28763459,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,michaeljamesgardiner,HOW IS THIS GAME NOT MORE POPULAR??? ITS AMAZING!!!!!!
,Recommended,440880,21679683,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Zetro,"A lovely, macabre little storyof a young boy named Hans who lives in a small cottage in the woods with his mother. Upon reaching the age of ten, he grows weary of being poor and leaves his mother and old life behind in search of riches and adventure. Soon after, he comes to learn of a Count Lucanor and his Castle Tenebre, which is hidden somewhere in the very woods where Hans lived with his mother. After an...incident... Hans wakes in a graveyard to what could only be a nightmare. He follows a glowing figure through the woods--seemingly the most sane option in this scenario--until he arrives at a familiar destination. Before him now lies a set of trials that he must overcome before he may even have the option to step foot outside this place.Its games like these that I scour the internet for and eagerly await to experience.Feel free to divert from the path you think the game has set for you, explore! If you're even remotely interested in this, I suggest you dive right in and enjoy this before you practically know the entire game from reading other reviews (I tried my best to keep this review vague ԅ[ •́﹏•̀ ]و)ExplorationStealthGoreRPG aspectsSatanic man-eating goatsa pixel-tastic worldA wonderful soundtrack (that comes included, if I might add)Really good sound design (no seriously I'm still hearing some of these whispers and groans.please help me)multiple endings and rewarding interactions that actually matter----------this tale has it all....Say hello to the Camerlengo for me... you little mousy."
,Recommended,440880,21817813,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Vittorio E,"I'm going to give this game a recommendation, but with a warning that it may not be for everyone.  It only takes about 5 hours to complete, maybe an hour more if you want to unlock all of the achievements, and you will see about 95% of what the game has to offer in only one playthrough.  The room puzzles are fairly simplistic - they consist of block/lever puzzles, avoiding tiles with traps, and timing your movements over grates that periodically spew fire.  There are also a few objects you need to find and bring to another location, but they are all very obvious solutions.  The controls are adequate for completing the tasks, but movement is slow, and overall a little clunky.Thankfully, the game compensates for these shortcomings with a nice little story (think Wizard of Oz but more demented), and a cast of characters that manage to be both horrifying and charming at the same time.  The pixel art cut-scenes are lovely, and the baroque music is very evocative, although it would be nice if there was more of it.  I strongly suggestnotwatching the videos or looking at the screenshots, as they give away many of the most pleasant surprises.This game is being over-shadowed at the moment by lengthier indie games with more content, but I do hope it finds its audience eventually.  It was compelling enough that I did play through to the end, which is becoming something of a rarity as my Steam library has grown to a ridiculous size."
,Recommended,440880,30942667,Posted: 4 April,all,Fauxy,"The Count Lucanoris a pixelated fairy tale that ties together a classical narrative with a modern mindset and a healthy dose of gothic horror. I think it's so fresh and yet just right for these fairy tale archetypes to finally be gamified: the fool who goes out seeking fortune, the strangers on the road asking for help who will obviously come in handy later on, the trickster archetype whose every word is called into doubt. It makes me wonder why more games aren't drawing from the same reference pool. Rather than saving the world or your kidnapped wife, the premise of the game is that your character, the fool child Hans, has stumbled into the Castle Tenebre, where he has to undergo a trial in order to inherit the eponymous Count Lucanor's fortune. The trial in question? He has to guess the name of the Count's manservant, a blue kobold.I generally dislike when smaller budget games refuse to focus on one aspect of their experience as being the center of the game's enjoyability, trying to achieve AAA expansiveness but instead creating a shallow but wide set of experiences.The Count Lucanoris one of the few indie games I've played that manages to juggle a lot of things very effectvely and still feel like a rich experience even though playing through, I can't imagine this game lasting more than 5 hours even with a lot of dawdling. This loops back to the particular setting and premise which the devs have chosen, which constrains the game so cleverly; the events of the game are even supposed to be happening all in one night, which feels perfectly attuned to the content that the player is given.The puzzles of the game are excellently designed, not too difficult, and the adventure game aspect of ""I have this problem it needs this item,"" is handled well in the sense that as soon as you have the item, you know exactly what it is for, and there is no inventory management fiddling. The horror aspect of the game never quite registered with me, the most scared I got being duringthe Library puzzle with the Camerlengo, but I would probably chalk that up to me being unfazed by most horror in video games. Also, you seem to be invincible as long as you're underneath a table. All in all, the mechanical aspects of the game are very strong. Stronger still in things the game chooses not to do, such as not having monsters in the puzzle rooms unless they're part of the puzzleexcept for the butt things, but they're slow and easily blocked into paths by pushable objects. Some of it feels very new, like having to light your own way with semi-consumables. While some of it, like colored keys for colored doors, feels so oldschool that it's kind of endearing amidst everything else.The visuals are mostly good. There are some well done cutscenes near the beginning and end of the game, and the sprites and their animation in the game proper are pretty decent (other than me noticing that Hans' walk cycle was broken in one of the rooms, and only that room for some reason). I feel the same about the music, sets the atmosphere well, it has cracks in places such as the awkward complete silence in the cutscene that playswhen Hans falls into the depths. The writing, I'm not so sure about. The anachronistic contemporary vernacular sometimes draws away from how seriously I can take the situation, most prominent in the very first conversation between Hans and his mother where he whines about birthday cake, and dotted around everywhere else from then on. Lines like""I'm scared sh*tless, Hans,""do not actually make me feel more scared, they makes me feel like the situation is much sillier than it's supposed to be. But the game, I feel is fairly aware of how much silliness it has along with its creepiness, and so I'll mark it as a matter of taste. I doubt the game would be improved by the devs trying to imitate the way people speak in fairy tales. It's just, the game gives me a real Angela Carter vibe, yeah? And I wish it could be more that. The final series of twists are somewhat obvious, which is faithful to the feeling of the fairy tales the game imitates in a way, and anticlimactic in another. It's probably best not to think too deeply on the plot.Enough of that TL;DR shiz. It's a good game. Maybe not mind shatteringly good, but definitely worth a play for anyone even remotely interested in it from looks alone. It doesn't disappoint."
76561198058800937,Recommended,440880,30313724,Posted: 4 March,all,Mora,"So the best way to describe this game would be a pixel based love-child of ""Amnesia: The Dark Descent"" in it's gameplay and general mood ""Silent Hill 2"" in storytelling, multiple ends, and puzzle creation. The art and animation is GORGEOUS, the music is both chilling and beautiful at times, despite its simplicity, the theming is pretty on-point, the general sense of panic and dread make it worth writing home about. Perhaps my favorite aspect of the story and the gameplay is there is SO much you can just MISS and it would require an entirely different playthrough to catch. This game also does not overstay its welcome with its puzzles, gameplay, and story. If you have 3-5 hours to dedicate and you want your socks blown back? This game. 100 and 10% THIS GAME."
76561198032164748,Recommended,440880,22737105,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,My_Rating_For_Steem_Is_Zero_thou,"Don't be fooled, this game is serious horror. Most of the time your only option is to run away. And by run I mean walk slowly as fast as you can, dodging horrific denizens of the worst nightmare you've ever had, stumbling through the dark cause you've used your last candle. The Horror, For REAL. Few games have creeped me out as quickly or thoroughly as The Count Lucanor and I'm only two hours in. This is a brilliant game that fools you into complacency then rips your secure feelings from your beating heart.  Play it, you will love it. Highly recommended for everyone."
76561198012158434,Not Recommended,440880,22099474,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Major Winters,"Nice atmosphere, however let down by other elements.Majority of the gameplay is centered around exploration, stealth and puzzle solving. With stealth, there's this mechanic where you can place candles around (They don't go out), so you can note enemy behavior and plan your path accordingly.My problem here is with the enemy AI. If an enemy is chasing you, you can easily kite them and avoid their attacks. Also, you don't have to worry too much about stealth. Even if they detect you, you can go into a hiding spot right in front of them and lose aggro. Things like these just took me out of the experience too much. Can't feel the tension right?The puzzles themselves are fine, keeps you going.As for the tale (Do note I only played it once), it starts off rather well and the character introductions really hook you in. It's just that as time goes on, not as much is done with the characters and the tale is if but a tad predictable (Might pay to note again here about how much the lackluster gameplay takes you out of the experience). I would have liked to have seen more character interactions and for the overall story to just tie in together better? Just felt a bit let down at the end.There are multiple endings, although I just completed it once and saw the rest on youtube.Overall, I can't really recommend it unless something about it really appeals to you and the aforementioned problems won't bother you as much.P.S - Would like to say that I hope the developer makes more games of this sort. Whatever my experience may have been, I hope the next one will be a much better gameplay experience!"
76561198182474207,Recommended,440880,28726807,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Jhedmanart,"Wow, just... wow.I'm gonna keep this simple and spoiler free. This game isnt very long, its not necessarily scary (eiree definitely) but thats my only complaints. If you are at all considering it, get it, as its a very professional polished experience that encourages replay. The controls worked great, the enemies arent unfair, the puzzles are simple enough to figure out on your own (one might need a pen and paper) and just overall I'm left satisfied from the world/characters/experience.Definitely looking forward to this devs next game"
76561198152800220,Recommended,440880,22877123,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Hot Cat,"I love this game, the monsters are so creepy and there's a perfect mix of suspense and puzzles. I didn't know what I was expecting from the game but I fell in love with it pretty quick and it is my second favourite game (below Undertale)."
76561198006276098,Recommended,440880,23271818,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Samurai Cop,"A terrifically dark fairytale adventure/rpg hybrid game. In some ways it sort of feels like I was transported back in time and I'm playing King's Quest or The Black Cauldron on the old Apple IIe in the 1980's again. Even though I get hints of those older games within Lucanor it's still very much it's own unique styled game.You play the role of a young boy named Hans who has just celebrated his 10th birthday. Han's becomes a  runaway after growing tired of his poor rural life with his mother. So he decides to set out to seek adventure and fortune.Along the way you encounter a strange mystical being who leads you to the imposing castle of Count Lucanor. Here you'll be put through a trial of tests to judge whether you are worthy or not of inheriting the Count's title and fortune. Soon enough you'll discover it's not easy to tell where reality begins and illusion ends within the dark depths of this castle.The main plot of the game involves Han's exploring the castle, trying to unlock the riddle of the blue Kobold's name in order to inherit the fortune of the illustrious Count Lucanor! You might find the more you explore the castle the more questions you'll begin to ask yourself. With the tale taking on a new twist later in game.You'll come across a few puzzles and certain areas that involve timing in order to avoid traps and monsters scattered about the castle. Each room generally offers you some sort of hint or allows you a way to gain access to one of the chests holding one of the letters in the blue Kobolds name. Your end goal is to collect all 8 letters and attempt to solve the name puzzle in order to get behind the curtain and unlock your destiny.There are many other items hidden away in chests and other background objects, like food for energy, coins for purchasing items and using for saving the game, candles which you can strategically lay throughout the castle in order to try an avoid being caught by surprise by one of the resident baddies, along with a bunch of other random items needed to complete certain puzzles and challenges. You're given no weapons to defend yourself in this game. The only thing you have to keep you alive are your wits and a good hiding space should you be spotted.Music is fairly simplistic but enjoyable chiptune sounds that fit well with the graphic style and period setting of the game and further serves to enhance the ambience of the dark old castle. It ranges from the upbeat an melodic, to dark heavy and haunting. The sound effects are also particularly well done and used well throughout the game. From the gentle running water, to the clattering of goat bells along side the peaceful shepard whistling in his sleep... up to the more frightening stuff you encounter later in game without wanting to spoil anything. I think they did a great job in all aspects of sound.The game has some great dark humor moments especially within characters like the disgusting Eisbein. The English language version dialogue seems a little bare bones but never comes out as jibberish or hard to understand.The art style looks great. The pixels are usually detailed enough to always allow you to know what you're looking at. The cutscene animations are exceptionally beautiful. With the exception of a few of the background characters you see in one of the cut scene endings, which I felt weren't quite up to the same quality standard compared to what I saw in most of the other cut scenes.As for controls, I've tested the game with a keyboard and Xbox 360 pad. Both of which worked fine on my system. The game does have a few bugs here an there. I wasn't even able to get past the opening prologue until a recent patch fixed it for me. The devs seem very dedicated to fixing any bugs an issues that arise so support for this game seems very soild.The game will probably only last you about 3 to 5 hours. It's a bit short and a little slow at times since you're only able to walk at a normal pace throughout the game. The game features quite a few multiple endings some of which are pretty good while others seem to just be a bit of filler.None the less, it has alot of charm and alot of love thrown into this fun little twisted game. Would recommend buying it for sure. Even though it's a bit short I'd still say it's worth purchasing at full price. I'd rate the game as a whole around an 8 out of 10!"
76561197970970562,Recommended,440880,35052348,Posted: 18 September,all,[TCS] thesnaman,"This is a really great short adventure.  Not scary as some, but the environment and the characters can be disconcerting for sure.  The pace at which it bounces back and forth from whimsy to 1000 yard stare ptsd type moments is impressively smooth.  Really great work."
,Recommended,440880,24477666,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Moe Anthropomorphism,"Excellent adventure game with tons of choices and endings.  The gameplay is straightforward and decently varied.  The game is short, maybe 3 hours for a first playthrough including deaths, but the length keeps it from getting tedious, and the optional paths and quests make it very replayable."
,Recommended,440880,26393049,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,LoGrande,"The Count Lucanor is a romp in a pixelesque horror that plays on suspense, stoytelling, and puzzle solving.I noticed a lot of the reviews complain about the graphics... this is an indie-game, and the pixel walkabouts are intentional and done to both add unfamiliarity and to take some of the edge of the more grotesque scenes in the game. It's fair to ask then, why do that to the game? Why not leave it a horror filled nightmare from which no-one returns unscathed?Well this game is far from Amensia, and borrows alot from story telling traditions - is it clearly done in sort of a ""Brothers Grimm"" mindset. I mean... come on, the main character's name is Hans...his dog is Spittle... (Hansel and Grettle?)I greatly enjoyed the puzzles of the game. Exploring the rooms gave me excitement I haven't quite felt since playing Luigi's Mansion for the first time, and it wasn't too horrfying to keep me up at night.I would have liked to seen a little more suspense... maybe some more muscial ques and up the ""creepiness"" feel of the game. To me by the end it felt a little linear (which is ok) and the plot somewhat predictable with the occasional awesome twist.I would recommend this game if you like puzzles, a good experience, and want to dim the lights and get creeped out, but not too scared for a good couple of nights. Also the achievements are competely solvable even for the casual player, which is a huge plus!"
76561198058817861,Recommended,440880,23074253,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Garamoth,"10 year old Hans does not get candy for his birthday, so he leaves home forever to make his fortune, only to end up in a mysterious castle. Things then obviously take a turn for the horribly worse. Despite first appearances, this is a real horror game.If the premise of The Count Lucanor sounds like a fairy tale, that's because it's based on a Spanish book of fables of the same name. Add to that the fact that the soundtrack is chiptuned Bach and you can already see this is a game with an interesting pedigree.The game opens with an absolutely gorgeous pixel art video of Hans playing with his dog in a sunny field. It's so good I'd almost like to see an entire animated movie in that style. What is strange, however, is that the actual game has a quite low pixel count, although still serviceable. Why does a horror game put some much effort in an idyllic opening? If anything, this decision makes the game feel even more unnerving. The cartoon portraits during text conversations are very well detailed, however. In fact, some of them are terrifying in their own right. Sound effects are also top notch. If you ever wondered what the snapping jaws of a death goat sounds like, you're in for a treat. Considering the game was made by a handful of people, the overall presentation of the game is top notch.The actual meat of the game is puzzles, light exploration and inventory management, in the same vein as Yume Nikki or Corpse Party but a little bit more involved. It's nothing too taxing, just enough to keep you engaged in the tale, which is what The Count Lucanor is all about.Before reaching the castle, Hans meets several people on the road which can be helped, or not, by sharing the meager provisions you mother gives you and asks you to use wisely. These choices will have consequences and the prologue acts as a little morality tale. In fact, this is one of the game’s greatest strength: The Count Lucanor is a game that gives choices to the player and acknowledge them, even if just in a small way. You may be asked to do terrible things and whether you do them or not the end result will be the same, but seeing how scenes can play out a little bit differently is a reward in itself. I won’t spoil who the characters are, but they’re generally quite interesting. I mean, look at that creepy blue imp thing? What could its deal be? Play the game to find out.The Count Lucanor is an outstanding short horror game, just long enough to shock and awe, but without any filler. I wish I could’ve gone into more detail, but it’s really better delve into it without knowing too much. Definitely recommended for horror fans."
76561198052391401,Recommended,440880,22373178,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Konruya,"I enjoyed my time with this tile. If you go in not expecting a grand challenge from the puzzles, and just relax and enjoy the atmosphere you'll have a great  experience. The characters are interesting to interact with, and the setting crafted takes the cake home. I enjoyed my exploration of the castle, and solving the mystery of the Count, The puzzles were simple, but well designed to lead you quickly into the next area. I only had a hard time with one puzzle from assuming a obvious item was not collectable. So that was on me.I came straight to The Count Lucanor from Undertale, when I saw the PSA they linked to a Rock, Paper, Shotgun article on this title. I was not dissapointed in taking the chance on The Count Lucanor, And I look foreward to the next title released by Baroque Decay."
76561198280407922,Recommended,440880,24750895,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Horse,"This game deserves alot more credit than it gets. Though based off of games like undertale, this is still an original piece of work, definitely worth the price. My experience playing this game took alot of turns with it's humor and horror themes."
,Recommended,440880,23564314,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Oacyst,I have no mouth and I must candle
,Recommended,440880,23283377,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Ashercroix,"The Count Lucanor's adorable, Ghibli-esque art style and simple graphics hide a deceptively complex game with grotesqueries aplenty.   Expect to be disturbed - there's some stuff in here that legitimately creeped me out (especially a certain dandy in a big red hat). Anyway, the puzzles are clever, with multiple solutions. The characters are strange and endearing.  The story is surprisingly deep.  The gameplay is perfectly executed.  The atmosphere, music, and visuals are very well-done.  If you like the juxtaposition of creepy and cute, along with some stealth and puzzle-solving with plenty of exploration throughout, you will love The Count Lucanor."
76561198172742539,Recommended,440880,25766531,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Zeke,"the Count Lucanor is kind of a really good game.you play asHans, a ten year old kid who, on his birthday, decides screw this, and runs off to go on anadventure, becausef society.(that's mostly a lie)the game has a 'fairy tale' vibe to it, leaning mostly towards the more grim tellings. it has some horror elements, though none of them are too bad. (except possible the goat scene. that was rough.)one of my favourite aspects of the game, is probably the cast- while we don't learn particularly much about them, they're all rather fascinating, and Giuila and the Shephard are probably my favourites.also, the pixel art is very pretty.(there's also multiple endings, if that's your thing.)i would definitely recommend this game, especially to fans of Undertale."
,Recommended,440880,33776767,Posted: 24 July,all,Miss Spider Von Bun Bun,"Almost six hours apparently on my first go. No real walkthroughs available except for achievements. I never felt the need to have a walkthrough aside from one room. Overall it had a lot more content to offer than I was ever expecting. I think it would be worth it to purchase even at full price if you are into pixel adventure games.One final tidbit:: Should you need something to 'extinguish' your rage... just remember, there was more than one cage. ~A vague hint, but I hope it helps. <3"
,Recommended,440880,25056721,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Phantom Tickler,"As someone who tends to enjoy horror games, I stumbled across The Count Lucanor and was intrigued. Foregoing the high definition gore and jump scares that the genre is mostly known for, the game's pixel graphics aesthetic leads to it relying on its fascinatingly weird characters, disturbing enemies and unnerving atmosphere, and succeeds admirably. A fantastic little game that I will be replaying again soon to see the other endings on offer."
,Recommended,440880,28248543,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Neokortik,"Amazing game. Beautiful, immersive fairy tale."
76561198013697341,Recommended,440880,22428805,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,bai_ganyo,"A very clever mix of genres, part Grimm fairytale, part stealth horror survival game in the guise of an old jrpg.Wonderfully athmospheric, creepy and humorous all at the same time.Challenging enough to keep the fun factor up while exploring and seeing the story unfold."
76561198125163119,Recommended,440880,24088278,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Sneaky Pancakes,"TL;DR:4.5/5. A great game for pixel horror enthusiasts that are looking for a fresh take on the genre as well as newcomers. Contains a well-balanced combo of scares and fun. The descriptors are correct in saying LoZ fans will appreciate it.An impressive take on the gothic, The Count Lucanor tests the limits of its genre, offering a unique and at times frightening atmosphere while retaining the fun, humor and challenge of a pixel game. Cutscenes throughout the game show impressive dedication and are visually captivating in spite of the simplistic medium. While not the challenging aspect, the game's puzzles require a certain degree of patience and willingness to explore - many important clues and items are easily missed. The Count Lucanor allows players to make helpful and harmful decisions right off the bat, and its vast array of choices and outcomes make for a game with much potential for replay. Adoption of a unique saving format and sincere effort to create suspense and unease without use of cheap scares adds a defining type of challenge and enjoyment, setting it apart from many other games of its kind. The loss of a half star for this game lies in some minor bugs and the rare crash - the game does however make up for this with a Safe Mode that can be activated on boot. Additionally, the fluidity of the game's plot can at times be hampered by the dropping of some heavy-handed hints and somewhat forced symbolism, making it more ""show-and-tell"" than mystery."
76561198051925516,Recommended,440880,24829098,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,RexIvan,"I'm steadily convinced this game is the best kept steam secret of 2016.  Like, seriously, the developers need to advertise more, because this little chunk of gold needs to be experienced by more players.The Count Lucanor is one part survival horror game and one part puzzle solving adventure game, with a story that plays out like a true Gothic fairy tale, including themes of betrayal, lost innocence, and progressively declining sanity.  The tense and foreboding atmosphere gets more and more grim as the story continues, and I found myself truly savoring it, as the world dove deeper into a surreal nightmare.  However, even though I enjoyed it very much, it *is* a bit short.  That's my only real complaint."
76561198102025710,Recommended,440880,25123080,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,mhwwad,I started playing this because it was recommended since I liked Undertale.  Needless to say I now have very complex feelings towards goat-monsters.
,Recommended,440880,31922025,Posted: 23 May,all,sczer,Great game. Love it.  10/10First playthrough took me about 2-3 hours.Really like the atmosphere.Once you know the enemy movement patterns and the solutions to the riddles it gets a lot faster. It can easily be beaten in under 25 minutes.Just catching the dang Butterfly in the end is super frustratingHope there are more people out there willing to give it a try.
76561198101984608,Recommended,440880,24194401,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,_Aki_,Man I wish I saved... An amazing game all the same. The art is really beautiful during the cutscenes; and the pixel art makes things look oddly uncanny. The puzzles are very interesting as well and give a sense of something bigger.
76561198196617898,Recommended,440880,25214138,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,the one and only crewd,"Excellent game! Totally worth the money! Enjoyed every second of it.I strongly recommend this game if you like a good story, a bit of mystery and beautiful pixel art."
,Recommended,440880,24490762,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Raaawr,"The game is advertized as Zelda meets Silent Hill, and it does deliver in those aspects, while going beyond that to have its own identity. This little gem will might also remind you of japanese classics such as Mad Father, Witch's House, or Ib, and does not suffer one bit from the comparison.The story is intriguing;  the artistic direction very good despite the 'limited' number of pixels on screen; the gameplay is well-balanced, for the most part, and the puzzles are rewarding despite being easy enough that you are very unlikely to need any guide, even to reach all of the endings.All aspects of the game merge together to deliver a very coherent and appealing experience. You will feel lost, you will feel unsecure, you will feel anxious, you might even feel clever at times, and you will still wish to discover more. The game mecanics mirror the story well, and it is very easy to ermpathize and identify with Hans, even if you are not quite 10 years old.Highly recommended, especially for this very fair price."
76561198054250439,Recommended,440880,23845523,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,twlboaj,"A delightful mix between cute and creepy. Gameplay is user-friendly, with a difficulty somewhere between Lone Survivor and Undertale. The character and setting designs are delightfully creepy and atmospheric, and the use of J.S. Bach's music is marvelous. I highly recommend it."
76561198007812207,Recommended,440880,23778761,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,sabanknight,"Man, oh man, that game was a roller coaster. If you like classic Zelda style adventure rpgs and The Brothers Grimm this game is right up your alley. It has a great deal of horror mechanics that deliver better than most 3d games of the genre. This game was a definate diamond in the rough, did not expect to have so much fun, and be spooked by a sprite game. Pacing was fairly good. The puzzles require some thinking but, it's I never felt hopelessly stumped, the fact that there are not many guides to this game gave me a sense of accomplishment on actually figuring everything out first hand. It's definatly worth a couple playthoughs, save often (or as often as you can afford to) as several juncures late game do effect your playthough.Pros:Decent storyGood horror mechanicsdecently paceddynamic desicions at several juncturesGrotesque Party!Cons:-VERY VERY old school pixel graphics(you can get the effect with slightly more polished pixel graphics)-No run function (it adds to the horror, but giving a sprint that 'gives you away' may have sped up some of the puzzle monotony)-Illusion of choice (billed as a choose your own adventure, you could play the last 20-30 minutes of the game to get all the endings, with only some flavor up to that point being effected by your choices)"
,Recommended,440880,34852538,Posted: 9 September,all,sirbubbles42,"Fun little puzzle horror game with a high replay value!  The art is simple but effective, the few characters there are are interesting, and the puzzles are rewarding to solve.  The only cons I would give it are that the wandering animations enemies can be frustratingly repetative at times and maybe having fewer candles would have ramped up the scary factor a bit more."
,Recommended,440880,31536116,Posted: 3 May,all,♥ Waddles ♥,"Little scares with lots of heart, The Count Lucanor is a short, but satisfying game about a boy named Hans who goes out into the world seeking his fortune. However, he ends up getting more than maybe he bargins for when he gets thrown into a nightmarish world. You have to help Hans solve some simple puzzles while exploring a cursed castle in order to free yourself and hopefully obtain riches to save your family from poverty. Don't expect a lot out of the game mechanics or puzzles, but enjoy the story and atmosphere. The game does a really good job setting the story's tone, injecting it with humor and horror. It is very reminiscent of fairy tales and moral stories, and the artwork is quite nice. The overall game artwork is simple, but effective for what it wants. The music is charming and fits the overall theme of the game.Pros:+ Nice story+ Achieveable achievements - Not too hard to get, but not so easy you'd get them right away+ Some replayability, but it's not terribly in-depth+ Pleasing pixel art+ Atmospheric music+ Just spooky enoughCons:- I can only play it in safe mode and it crashes if I try to tab out; doesn't work with Steam overlay, at least for me- Some of the dialogue feels out of place/anachronistic, but that's only me being nit-picky- A bit on the shorter side, with a relatively small map- Could have had some better sound effects, but again, that's me being nit-pickyOverall, I would highly recommend this game if you are looking for a short diversion with a horror and fairy tale flair. All my cons are pretty negligible, in my opinion and should not dissuade you from trying it out if you like this genre and the art style. This game definitely isn't for everyone! People seeking difficult puzzles or hardcore scares will not find them here. This game is about discovering this world! I will be honest, this is exactly my cup of tea and I knew right away I would adore this game."
,Recommended,440880,30476045,Posted: 12 March,all,twitch.tv/dlauv🎃,"A solid 3-to-5-hour dark fantasy adventure game that doesn't outstay its welcome.  Riffs on Silent Hill and Zelda.  Highly interactive gameplay with lots of secrets and five endings.  Some surprisingly unsettling subject matter complimented by great sound design.  Music is NES-styled chiptunes of horror ambience and classical chamber and Boroque music (unsure, but it might be Bach). The Spanish team aimed for Ghibli, and I think with cutscenes, the main character, and some subject matter, they nailed the aesthetic.  Supporting characters don't look so hot, but oh well.The worst thing about it is the tired pixel-art style.  Also, enemy pathing can be a bit janky, but interacting with enemies is not a huge part of the game.I wouldn't pay 10, but I would recommend at the 5 dollars I paid for it.  Still on sale as of writing this review.The best thing I can say about it is that it envokes nostalgia for then-childhood classics like Spirited Away, Return to Oz, Dark Crystal, NeverEnding Story, and Legend, while being suitably adult for now-adult players."
76561198120255152,Recommended,440880,23802399,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,CCmalakai,"I loved this game soooooo much, when I got it, I automaticly spent 5 hours straight playing it, and had to be physically pulled away from the game. I definetly recommend this game, and I hope you have as much of a great time as I did too.PS: To the developer(s) There is a glich in theRed Camerlengo's room, where if you stand right next to the flowers next to the chest, you don't get killed by him.PPS: Please please PLEASE make another game or something like this, or even add onto this game, I love it so much and I'm so sad that it's over... ;-;"
,Recommended,440880,29030260,Posted: 5 January,all,Holyelement,"An engauging short puzzle horror game. Just some gore, blood and eeire characters. Not a relaxing game to play."
,Recommended,440880,28396766,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Turnster,Zowie! 10/10
76561197990505519,Recommended,440880,28923590,Posted: 1 January,all,AidsBolaPoxFlu,Great adventure/horror game. Only issues I had was the walking speed during some parts (like the beginning).
,Recommended,440880,30483058,Posted: 12 March,all,MAXI,"Delightful little puzzle/adventure game. The setting is as dark as the fairy tales of old, while still maintaining an element of humor. The anime-style cutscenes are awesome, and I really enjoyed my time 100%-ing the game. I actually ended up writing down notes and drawing a map of the manor-- it was like I was playing Shadowgate again! :D"
76561198042956737,Recommended,440880,24143373,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,atramentousFirmament,"The Count Lucanor is an awesome little adventure game full of creepy atmosphere and disturbing imagery.  On top of being visually gorgeous, the adventure-game style puzzles are fun to complete, and all feel right at home in the odd setting.  A strong sense of tension and urgency is nurtured by the game forcing you to use in-game resources when you want to save.  This, like basically all other gameplay elements, is beautifully melded into the fluff.Unfortunately, the core mechanics feel underdeveloped and limited.  Most enemies have little in the way of pattern to their movement, meaning far too long is spent simply hiding and waiting for them to leave.  It's also far too easy to hide, as enemies are essentially unable to do anything to you if you hide under a table (even if they saw you do it).  Additionally, placing candles is very important for much of the game.  Lighting areas up helps to reveal enemies that would otherwise have been hiding in the shadows.  There doesn't seem to be any real downside to placing candles, though.  They aren't in short supply, they don't make you more visible, there's no reason to not just place them essentially everywhere.Ultimately, though, the game has a far heavier focus on story, atmosphere, and exploration than it does on stealth.  The plot is paced excellently, allowing you to discover further detail at your own pace as you explore the castle.  There are many secrets to be found, challenges to overcome, and horrors to behold.  All-in-all an excellently creepy adventure game that is well worth the fairly low price."
,Recommended,440880,33919434,Posted: 30 July,all,killbubble,"Truly a work of art!The story is beautifully handcrafted, the characters are very intriguing and the scenario is wonderful.The game mechanics are original but of course there are some recurring rpg/puzzle patterns.The AI of some monsters could use some work.I especially liked the care that was put in the small details, such as the saving system and the (really really nice) graphics.Some minor elements could be improved such as AI and the final chapter of the story could be a little longer, but overall i enjoyed the game quite a lot and it delivers a grotesque scenario in many unexpected ways.The story, the characters and the graphics are what make this game an enjoyable experience.If this game was expanded into something bigger it would be a wonderful thing. 9/10"
,Recommended,440880,34551875,Posted: 28 August,all,Cheeky_Monkey,"I was totally caught off guard with this one, in a good way.- A game all about the story, being very unique and fun; multiple ways to beat the game as well as endings.- For gameplay it's very simple, you run from harm whilst being safe and solving puzzles.What it lacks in gameplay compensates in art style. I loved it! It was because of it that I felt like finishing the game.- Do remember to use as little candles as you can! Unless you like wandering around with death around the corners.Too short as it is for its price but, for its uniqueness in story telling and art style I'd recommend it."
76561198141326535,Recommended,440880,31531653,Posted: 3 May,all,jyelon,This game is wonderful.  The game world is full of surprises and discoveries.  Every corner contains something new.
76561198014174427,Recommended,440880,24792549,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Conclave,"I haven't had this much fun with a pixel art horror game since Ib.The game is very unique in that it combined lots of interesting things likeplacing lights in a dark room, making you conserve game saves and equipping items like in Zelda.While the main representation of the game is simple pixel art (which is cleverly used because emotional visuals like cutscenes and character faces are very detailed), sound effect & music quality is comparable to 3D games with bigger budgets due to the positional tracking and the sheer quality of sound mixing between ambient, props and music.The music has that church organ feel which is very addictive to listen to and adds surprisingly deep emotional touch to character dialogues in the absence of voice acting.This game is also very hard to just stop playing once you start."
,Recommended,440880,21681871,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Tomo Tomato Tommy Salami,"Great game, reminds me a lot of The White Chamber. I was wary about buying it at first due to the short play time, but I felt fulfilled after finishing it with the best ending in a single sitting. Did run into some technical issues in the menu, which unplugging my gamepad fixed. Overall I enjoyed this game a lot. If you're a fan of story-based horror games, give this one a go."
,Recommended,440880,21682457,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,SGT.Babyhands,"A wonderful new addition to the horror genre.I'm personally a huge fan of older styled games... Having a lovely pixel based game sweeped me off my feet and I bought it as soon as I saw not even 30 seconds of gameplay. From the visuals to the plot to the characters alone... I truly adore this game.The game starts out with a lovely cinematic showing the main character, Hans. Hans has just turned 10 today and he really is unhappy with how his family is living... His father is off to war, his family being poor, and most importantly that he won't get any sweets or toys for his birthday! This sparks the start of the adventure as Hans (aided with some helpful items from his mother) ventures off into the woods to get some sweet loot.The game is simple when it comes to it's regular looks, but the cinematic scenes are truly something. They look wonderful and pleasing. The character designs are fun to look at and made me want to doodle them while I was playing! There is a good amount of thought put into each character and you can tell there was a lot of fun happening while making the game.For the plot itself, I found it... A tad predictable. But then again, I'm the type of person that reads waaay too much into a game while I'm playing it. And even though I predicted the game.... I eventually got so into it I forgot I predicted anything! The endings are all well done, and the ""better"" endings are definitely satisfying. It gives you a feel of older, simpler games, but it is definitely complex.I would (and already am) suggest The Count Lucanor to all my buddys! A lovely game with a simple premise...... What is that darned Kobold's nameand when will Hans get his cake?"
,Recommended,440880,22875129,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,masterwriter42,"Already played Undertale? Then play the second best game I've played in a really long time. This one. The Count Lucanor delivers on its promises of having your choices matter. It's got multiple endings, so unless you use a guide and knock them all out in one playthrough *cough* you'll have plenty of replay value here. Even then, there's more than one solution to some problems.The writing in this game is top notch. I love the characters. I haven't read the story this is based on, cause it's from like 1899 and I'd never heard of it til I played this game, but you shouldn't go looking it up until after you've beaten the game for blatant spoiler reasons. So I dunno how well it sticks to the source material. But I don't really care, either.In terms of graphics, it's got that whole old school video game vibe going for it, with some pretty portraits and beautiful cutscenes tossed in. If you're bothered by retro graphics then you probably didn't play Undertale either, and you and I just don't have much to talk about. Why are you even reading this? Go back to your shiny new age games, if you can't handle a few pixels.The music's alright. Fit's the vibe, can be quite creepy at times. I'm not going to be blaring it from my car speakers as I drive to work in the mornings, but it's all well composed and doesn't get too repetative.The gameplay is one of this game's strongpoints. It may look like a point and click adventure but I played the whole thing using a controller and never had any issues. The Count Lucanor is a challenging game, but it's not an unfair one. There's a few hard achievements and you're going to die in this game (Hans isn't the fastest on his feet so if you walk in front of certain enemies you'll lose a lot of blood before you can get away) but there's plenty of healing items if you know where to look and only use them when you need to. The puzzles are relatively easy; there's no Siera logic to worry about. Just save every time you think you've accomplished something signifigant and you'll be fine. If you didn't do things a certain way you might get stuck on the game's most direct puzzle, but if you keep at it you'll figure it out eventually. Or you'll give up and look up the answer. I'm not gonna judge you. This is a safe place.Overall I found this to be a very rewarding experience. It's fun, it's creepy, heck sometimes it's downright scary. I get the feeling I'll be coming back to this one again and again over time, even after I've done a full Let's Play of it. You may develop a fear of livestock from playing this game, and you'd come by it honestly. Give The Count Lucanor a shot and you'll be hooked too. Buy it on sale if you have to, but I bought it at full price (it's cheap) and have no regrets. You don't wanna miss out on this trip down the rabbit hole."
,Recommended,440880,29427881,Posted: 22 January,all,☹ o p p a i ☹,The Count Lucanor (7/10)-Good Play style-unique plot-unique gameplay-really solid detail-beautiful sprites/pixels-interesting puzzles and descriptionWould Recommend
76561198129417572,Recommended,440880,22994051,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Homer J,"In all honesty I love this game.I remember playing the Witch's house when it came out and the two are very similar.If you like horror, and games like corpse party, mad father and ib, you'll love this gem of a game.9.4/10"
,Recommended,440880,25617263,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Mantelmann,"You know a good game if it leaves you contemplating live choices, even if it shouldn't."
,Recommended,440880,25082801,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,[H+] Space Invader,Demon goats and butt monsters. 10/10.
76561197967286523,Recommended,440880,30426971,Posted: 10 March,all,Postendustrial,I spent most of this game with my a**hole squeezed so tight you couldn't drive a needle up it with a sledgehammer and I screamed at my computer like a little girl when Hans would get shredded by some unforgiving horror because pixelated blood and plots that involve mother issues really get to me.I'm going back in for the multiple endings RIP a**holeaaaaannd tweet!
,Recommended,440880,25734037,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,unwaveringresolve,I wasn't expecting this game to be as challenging or scary as it turned out to be. I was pleasantly surprised.
76561198104333902,Recommended,440880,24530439,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,MemeMachine,Lured a naked man into a trap with some corn.Then I went home and played this game.10/10
,Recommended,440880,34376931,Posted: 20 August,all,Ivan of Paridasino,"An amazing game, based on an old spanish medieval fairy-tale, it reminds me of the original Grimm tales before they were Disney-fied. Without giving away too much of the story, small child gets lost in the forest after running away from home and encounters terrifying and blood-chilling beasts, compleating puzles along the way."
76561198066654774,Recommended,440880,26722691,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,evil.doodle,"I haven't enjoyed a game this much for a long while. The Count Lucanor is a thrilling, creepy, funny and thoughtful RPG/adventure/horror. I found it challenging at parts but always fun, I'm surprised it's not more popular! Definitely recommended."
,Recommended,440880,30677481,Posted: 22 March,all,VenomSnek,"I feel compelled to write a review. Interestingly, I was reccomended this game indirectly through the news feed of another game I bought (and is a very dear game to me), Undertale. I bought this game, and it sat in my desktop for... Perhaps 3 months. One day stuck in a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ cabin in the woods with bad wifi, I decided to give this game a shot. I managed to get a good ending on my first run but, thing is, this game has beautiful pixel art, a lot of effort was clearly put into it. The story itself comes from actual mythology (which is interesting), the gameplay is based around puzzles, the whole game shouldn't take too long and I dont think most people would do more than two runs. In the end, it is a nice game that you should totally buy if you have nothing to do"
,Recommended,440880,23295451,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,BlazinDevilify,"a bit short, but very entertaining (gotta admit, i couldn't sleep after this)"
76561198018055499,Recommended,440880,29310503,Posted: 16 January,all,emric,"Pros:Fabulously realised gothic fairytale!Writing and overall atmosphere is spot on.Great retro art.Cons:I approach this game as primarily a point'n'click adventure fan, and so I wasn't keen on all the sneaking and peril.I particularly disliked that saves cost a gold coin (an item which you also need for other things in the game). For me it created a lot of unnecessary frustration.Overall:Still very glad I played it :)"
76561198131450305,Recommended,440880,21612088,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,xercsees,"So far it's really funny and even though the kid is a little ****, we're looking forward to more playthroughs.  Have a really good feeling that this game is gonna be really funny with a good element of horror.Good :VisualsDialogueAmbienceBad :Kid has a problem with his mother ;)Check out LennyPrawn play here  :https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f7d3NVOvhUQ"
76561197998829826,Recommended,440880,21670184,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,PigsR4Eating,Took me 3 hours to beat the game. I am not a completionist but I have already started a second playthrough.  I really like the art style and the dark atmosphere of this game.
,Recommended,440880,23659526,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Subhuman Filth,I can't trust goats anymore
,Recommended,440880,22325378,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,K E D A M O N O,- Starts up game- Launches a new game- Me: This is gonna a children game- Continues- Night falls and all the happy things turn into monsters.- Sees a blue pile of play-doh with clothing- Follows it- Enters a castle- Collects letters- Sees a tall figure in red clothing- Hides- The figure claims that it will tell the blue pile of play-dohs name- Comes out- The red figure kills me10/10 would get tricked by a camerlango again.
76561198035691515,Recommended,440880,26686226,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,smgamermat77,"So I've already watched an entire Let's Play of the game and am currently playing it for myself (I was unsure if it was worth the money so I watched it on youtube first, and boy is it worth it all at full price).EDIT -- I have figured out where the music is at that I was looking for.So now that I've cleared up why I have no hours invested into this game but am calling it absolutely AMAZING IN EVERY ASPECT,I have something to ask of anyone currently reading this...In this Let's Play that I watched of the game (played by ManlyBadassHero), there is a song you can hear playing while he is roaming around the castle(SEE LINK BELOW FOR VIDEO AND MUSIC TRACK I AM TALKING ABOUT). However, this song is not in the Count Lucanor OST (the official purchased version here on Steam). I'm not sure if the Count Lucanor OST is a seperate thing from the actual game, or if the devs just wanted us to go into the Steam directory and open the audio files inside the game's folder. As a result of this, I cannot find the track that was playing in the video, and am quite upset by it. If anyone has any help they can offer me, please do so immediately :3LINK TO WHAT I AM TALKING ABOUT (go to 19:20 in the video for the music track - the one that is playing while he is talking to Eisbein) --https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kuQPNgybnN4"
76561197971763113,Recommended,440880,26487364,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,EternalDecay,Pretty odd but cool little game.  Has an oldschool kings quest kind of vibe to it while being a bit twisted.  Only glaring flaw in my opinion was the walk speed was just too slow.  Other than that was a short but sweet game.
76561198000461245,Recommended,440880,27245264,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Capital N,"You're goddamn right, this gets nominated for the Steam Awards!To me, this game was a beautifully made interpretation of traditional fairy tale conventions, both whimsical and horrific.The way the game looks, plays and sounds, come together to produce something that felt focused and coherent in a manner that I rarely get to see.Not that the The Count Lucanor represents anything grandiose in scale, though. Rather, it is the game's relative simplicity that helps it shine.A short, well-crafted fairy tale that left a big impression."
,Recommended,440880,31927498,Posted: 23 May,all,ourcolormonochrome,"As a disclaimer i'll just say straight away i don't have that much experiance playing horror games, but i still really enjoyed this game. It starts off prtty simple; poor boy seeks adventure & fortune but as soon as you leave home and start your journey you're soon to realize not everything is as it seems.things get scary after dark really quick. Watch out for the goatsThis game does a good job of incoporating dark humor and a tense/creepy atmosphere, has interesting characters, and the art is really great. Bc of the way the game is saved,and how you need food and candles to survive the bloody  monstrosities lurking in the castle after youit can be a bit chalenging. The cons of this game would probably be that the lore seems to have holes in them? Also the save files can get a bit messy/lengthy since they don't delete when you start a new game."
76561198003711145,Recommended,440880,21668747,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,amarant42,"Sorry, I'm busy to write a real review. Should make more golden poop.Ok, ok, I completed it twice already and watched all endings. Now I MUST say something, and something really good about it. Because it IS good.Other people already told their thoughs about this game. I cannot say anything much.  It has beautiful music. Has lovable art style. The contrast of sunny moments and grimdark is impressive. And there are different ways of completing the game.The only things - character is really too slow, it's annoying at first (how I found later in developers blog - this slow pace made on purpose). And fountain riidle is quite unintuitive (i had to watch the solution on Youtube)This game gave me so much joy of playing and joy of completing it. Totally unexpected little gem for me. Don't miss it. Eagerly waiting for the next game by those team."
76561197993956527,Recommended,440880,25687121,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Wojit,It's like a spooky fairy tale. I needed to take spookiness breaks but it was worth itttt
76561198074045011,Recommended,440880,26006870,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Mr. Essex,I enjoyed it! Very fun!
76561198000807394,Recommended,440880,28742254,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,notafan,yeah.
76561197991921123,Recommended,440880,22230541,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,meshuggah12345,"Yes, buy it! Worth every penny!"
,Recommended,440880,23898314,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Samination,"Neat little game. At first it seemed like it was going to be a 2D Zelda clone, but it turned into something more... unique.The look and feel of the game is great and I would recommend it to anyone.AS OF THIS REVIEW: My only complaint is that when you enter a new room, you have to let go of the direction pad and press it again for your character to move. Same goes for when interacting with objects. This may not sound like a big deal, but it's very easy to forgot causing you to get hurt by enemies."
,Recommended,440880,34731567,Posted: 4 September,all,2witch4u,"Better than sliced bread! Best game I played in forever! I am obsessed, it's beautiful and funny and everything I imagined if dreams came true!"
,Not Recommended,440880,22357227,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Fear The Boomstick,"I wanted to like The Count Lucanor. The trailer showed its beautiful visual appeal, and I'm a sucker for well developed characters and story. I got a huge kick out of Undertale, which while a little simplistic and saccarine at times (at least on the mercy playthrough), had solid pacing and never grew overambitious. I say this because, when I bought The Count Lucanor, I was really hoping for was another Undertale -- solid gameplay (point and click puzzles instead of bullet hell shooting) with strong narrative to keep me invested.I just don't feel The Count Lucanor met me half way.Count Lucanor wants to explore the duality of European fairytale: Something that opens with childhood whimsy but seems to turn morbid the moment the storyteller decides their impetuous little charge is starting to lose interest. It wants to be a ""Heinrich Hoffman, eat your heart out"" kind of story.  Good concept, I was behind it 100% of the way. Depth and dichotomy are the cornerstones of good characters and plot. So where were they, Baroque Decay?I played this game the way I play most creepy games. I get some friends together with some snacks, and we sit around a computer, alternating who plays and who sits around eating snacks, berating the current player's decisions, and making snarky comment on the dialogue. Pounding horror games in single sittings where psychological fatigue would otherwise slow us down. Good old family fun. But by the end of our most recent session, it was kindly recommended that I return the game and get my $10 back. We made it in about 1.75 hours, so I'm going to do just that.Let's start with the character, Hans. Hans is your stereotypical fairytale child. He's fussy, entitled (somehow, in spite of being a peasant), and wouldn't be bothered to learn any moral lessons if fate didn't occasionally provide some horrifying shoggoth to sprinkling chopped nuts on his head while he considers his life choices. There wasn't inherently anything wrong with this choice, but it doesn't mean the writers had to forgo making him the slightest bit relatable.Hans is a little prick. Maybe they're setting up his character development for later, but an important part of intriguing characters is that they have redeeming qualities, because otherwise I'm practically thrilled when bad things happen to them. But he's the protagonist, so I'm supposed to be invested in him accomplishing his goals, because otherwise Hans and I have a severe conflict of interest.In the time I played, no other characters stood out either. Each one was wholly one-dimensional. I'm sure the excuse could be made that this was in keeping with the European Fairytale theme, where complexity is an afterthought at best, but the use of inspiration is that it's a jumping off point, not a pig sty to wallow in. Characters are simple in fairytales because they're geared towards children.The morally choices early on are also blandly inspired by European fairytale, where nuance flies out the window. 3 people will ask you for handouts on the way to your medieval feverdream. Cast out of your mind any questions of, ""will this come back to haunt me later?"", the answer is no. The items you're given in the game are either readily replaceable, or just plain unnecessary anyway, so the moral dilemma is ""do you want these characters to resent you later or not?""And because all those characters are bland and uninteresting anyway, the correct answer is yes.The puzzles are ripped directly from The Legend of Zelda, so maybe that'll be a strong point for you. I'm a heretic who never played the series, so Zelda and his green tunic don't hold any nostalgic value to me, and neither do dated block-pushing puzzles. Indie games have the privilege of getting so beautifully experimental with their puzzles because they're not expected to maintain broad accessibility, why you'd settle for the white noise of the puzzle world is a troubling curiosity.Maybe the experience starts to pick up past the second hour? Sorry Baroque Decay, you knew you were releasing on steam, I don't think asking you to get me hooked within 120 minutes is an absurd request. Theatres earn their $10 on ~120 minutes of content alone, and I can't even tug it during the boring parts."
76561197974105151,Recommended,440880,21864321,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Max,The goats spooked me. Now I'm so scared to play it.
,Not Recommended,440880,21652039,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Comrade Yngvarr,Couldn't start game.Added dev for help.Dev accepted request.Politely messaged dev with problem.Dev deletes me without saying anything.Attempting to refund game.Edit:  Got my money back.Edit 2:  Dev is getting his friends to down vote and discredit my legitimate review.
,Not Recommended,440880,31940888,Posted: 24 May,all,HaKainu Mattata,pretty tediouscould have been a lot better
,Not Recommended,440880,21663449,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Wictosis,"You walk really slow, hope this changes. The dev is being immature and is deleting people off his friendslist and not addressing the issue eventhough he was the one who told us to add him in the first place (assuming he didnt edit the post in the Discussions). Will get a refund if this doesnt change.""The walk speed is by design""Okay that's fine... but why did you go about it in such a unprofessional matter when I respectfully asked you?"
76561198225478796,Recommended,440880,25705319,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,HaseoGhastly,UPDATED: I bought a new computer so I can finally play this game :)  I'll leave a more in depth review once I put more time into it.
,Recommended,440880,21720159,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Applesauce18,"This game is extremely charming and fun. I've played it for a good amount of time now and have nearly gotten all of the endings. If you like pixel art, comedy, and good mecabre stories then you will fall in love with this game. If you want to check the game out I've left a link to my walkthrough of the game down below.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xkyG9KhaSRw"
,Recommended,440880,21696633,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,sleepingcrows,"This is a super fun and beautifully done game. The puzzles and enemies are challenging but not impossible, and the story + multiple endings give every play a unique experience."
76561198052657128,Recommended,440880,21776789,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Blockishfox,"Great game so far.Creepy enough to keep me on edge, nice plot, creative enemies, and fun reactionary choices.It was a little frustrating at first, I had to reinstall it 4 times before I was able use any of the directional or select keys."
,Recommended,440880,21739722,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Nihilanth Non Serviam,"This game is an amazing adventure with great storytelling, I enjoy very much the darker aspects of it and the characters are memorable."
,Recommended,440880,21661298,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,MAZ,"Best adventure game ever. All your choices matter, Tons of replay value. Will write a proper review later. In the mean time, buy this game.."
76561198160525699,Recommended,440880,21721449,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Brookimedes,"This game was an impulse buy. When I first saw the game, I will admit that I thought it wouldn't scary. Well I was wrong, this game keeps you on edge! You are a boy named Hans and are in search to find treasure. You encounter a blue fella who's name is unknown. You must search the castle for letters and coins to help you get one step closer to the treasure and meeting Count Lucanor! This game is now at the top of my ""favorites"" list! I highly reccommend that you play this game!"
76561198196883469,Recommended,440880,21723208,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,JADECON,"This game was amazing!! Highly recommend it if you liked Undertale,  also this game has multiple ending for multiple playthroughs. It is a humorous beautiful adventure that suddenly becomes dark and mysterious. I do recommend this game and i do recommend playing it more then once."
76561198038981717,Recommended,440880,22820499,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,-.loverly.-,"Okay, so I just bought this game a few days ago and started playing it, and I love it so far! It's super creepy and interesting... So far, I'd reccomend it. The only thing is... Hans only has 1 hit left before he dies, and I have bread, cheese, nd nuts to heal myself, but when I equip them and press E (use), nothing happens! Can someone help me please?? Thank you!"
76561198012023582,Recommended,440880,23009778,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,lewrker,"Nice little surprise. I'm not sure what the people complaining about characters were expecting but it's not that kind of game. I'm nearly towards the end now, though, so maybe a bit short. But it's extremely atmospheric and quite enjoyable."
76561198262383929,Recommended,440880,22981260,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,sylvercantu02,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥play this game 10/10.I love it to death.This like Undertale recommendation level.One of my favorite games
,Recommended,440880,22976237,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,ur awesome,"I played this expecting a creepy pixel horror game with some Zelda-like puzzles. I wasn't expecting the story to be so developed and interesting. It was reminiscent of a Grimm fairy tale. The story is told through the view of a child who has some... let's say ""issues"" to work through, and the story reflects those issues back on him in a creepy, nightmarish fashion. I like that the game presents the player with decisions that alter the story. I'm curious to know what might have happened if I'd made different decisions."
,Recommended,440880,22992102,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Antimony,"Initially, I didn't like the game much. I thought the pacing was a little too slow for my tastes, and I didn't have a lot of direction in the beginning so I felt confused too often. I pressed on, though, and I'm glad I did! The puzzles weren't linear (enter the room, do the puzzle, get the reward) which I liked very much, and the story managed to keep me guessing.I certainly found the game disturbing and suspenseful, but there isn't much typical stuff like jumpscares or whatever, it's slightly more psychological, I guess. Things can be blatantly terrifying, but it doesn't resort to cheap tricks, which I like. I hear it gets compared to Silent Hill a lot, so I suppose that would be accurate.I found the characters to be very interesting, especially the Goatherd(er...) and the Red Camerlengo, and I thought the patroling aspect of the game kept me on my toes, especially when RC came into play. Scary ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Creepy whispering. Ugh.The only complaint I really have about this game is I felt the endings were a bit lackluster, and I expected, at least, for the true ending(?) to have a bit more meat on its bones, but instead it was pretty similar to another ending with different narration. The game itself had a lot more potential than I feel it followed through on. I still enjoyed myself, and I hope that Baroque Decay continues to make more games!"
76561198116083694,Recommended,440880,22987175,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,春日咲子,A short little pixel horror.  Rewards patience and thinking outside the box.
76561198139845473,Recommended,440880,22174608,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Barnacle Man,"First of all, I'm not sure the game is worth $10. It was deliciously creepy though and is certainly one of the more memorable games I've played. No bugs or glitches, everything was polished and ran smoothly. The only issues I have with it is that its kinda really short and that your saves are limited. I finished it really quick and grabbed up a few of the extra endings from a single save in under a few hours and its not that you really need an unlimited amount of saves, but it kind of feels pressuring to know you only have so many. The limited saves really shouldnt cause too many issues though. I think I could have finished it quicker if I didn't keep purposely killing myself.You play as young hans, a not so humble brat that wants to be rich. He leaves his mother on his 10th birthday in search of adventure. Things start out fairly normal and RPGish until night falls. Then things get really creepy, really fast.The story, game, and creepiness get a 5/5However, with the length of the game compared to its cost, its brought down to a 4/5There's more meaty games out there for the same price."
76561197993246756,Recommended,440880,22349596,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Aaron,Cool game! Nice little puzzle/horror mash up with 5 endings.
,Recommended,440880,21950826,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Raath-Mon-Tet,Lucanor was a thoroughly enjoyable little excursion. The graphics are reminiscent of classic point-and-click style pixel art with a more modern cohesion and the music fitted the Germanic theme nicely. There were even a few delightfully animated cutscenes. In terms of story there's a few different ways to do things which makes for variation and getting the achievements leads you to play the game in a few different styles. Only problems were that the controls needed some ironing out and the puzzles were a tad too obvious on the whole. Would like to see a sequel for sure.
,Recommended,440880,21911769,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,gussrichardson,This is one of those games that wears its influences on its sleeve but makes a unique whole in spite of that.I'd recommend going in knowing little more than it is a tradition fairy tale style adventure.  Even the trailer gives away a few bits and pieces which would be better discovered for yourself - then again I'm not sure many would buy the game based on footage from the first 15 or so minutes.It is a beautifully made game by people who know what they're doing and how to structure a game with a 5-ish hour run time.PS I really hope Eisbein wasn't based on a real life person.
76561198001137178,Recommended,440880,22404564,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,DETECTIVE HUCKLE,"What an intriguing, unique experience. I don't want to spoil anything, so I'll be light on details.This game is short, I think I beat it in an evening of play, certainly within a few; however, the experience is well worth the price of admission.I do wonder if the developers ran out of time/money as the second act feels far more rushed than the first and the player is left without answers to many mysteries that seem important in the first half. That said, if my greatest complaint is that I was left wanting more...There need to be more games like The Count Lucanor."
,Recommended,440880,22772027,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Usually Blue,"I really enjoyed this game. It felt like it was made with love.+Fantastic pixel art and soundtrack+Original game concept+Creepiness factor+Classic story without feeling cliche+Great gameplay+Good length, not too long or short+Alternate endings-Feels slightly unpolished (AI, translations, map, puzzles)-Unclear achievements-A few story loose ends9.25/10"
76561198102547486,Recommended,440880,24821267,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,ParanoidHermit,"A nice, spooky little fairy tale for a good price."
,Recommended,440880,26008231,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Bakadrone,"Great little survival horror/puzzle game.  Don't let the pixelation fool you, it get real creepy real fast.  On the shorter side but enjoyable"
,Recommended,440880,24661203,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Steckie,"It's really creepy! It's a great game with lots of puzzles and suspense, however you can't save your game unless you have a coin. Use that money wisely!"
76561198095136228,Recommended,440880,24486444,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,amber.biliouris,I really like this game.   It reminds me of the more darker fairy tales.   Some of the game did dtump me but that only made solving the problems more rewarding.  This is not meant for small children.
,Recommended,440880,25193425,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Onichan,"Really fun.  I picked it up because I thought it looked like it might be neat, and I really liked the visuals.  It was great :)(Word of warning, save often your first time playing, or it might be a lil frustrating at times, but once you get through that first playthrough, you tend to know when to save)"
,Recommended,440880,27498408,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Yenny NCY,"This game feels like the Grimms' Fairy Tales, the dark ones.... unlimited ♥s for this game! :D"
76561198036317710,Recommended,440880,27769853,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Slowest Loris,"I feel like I didn't see much buzz for this game, but it's definitely solid! The story and art is a great combo of cute, charming, and creepy vibes. Puzzles are just challenging enough to be satisfying. One play-through clocked me in at around four hours or so, but I missed a few side tasks and haven't replayed for alternate endings (yet)."
,Recommended,440880,26168073,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Galactic Cannibalism,"It's a good game but you walk VERY slow and there is no run button, you have to spend money to save, you don't heal back to full health after you die since you have to go back to your last save so save when you have a lot of health."
,Recommended,440880,32570034,Posted: 19 June,all,Freddy,"Not a super long game, but it was fun! Little perturbed by goats now."
,Recommended,440880,33073203,Posted: 1 July,all,Tonatiub,"Its alright, I expected more but then I again I always doIm not gonna bother detailing pros and contras because they are the typical you already expect from these kind of games (good atmosphere, too short, etc.), the one thing I will mention is that the contrast between the simplistic overworld sprites and the pretty chinese cartoon artwork for the dialog/cutscenes kinda leaves you wishing the sprites looked a little more detailedIf you are unsure about getting this play a free game called Ib first, if you like it you are probably going to like this one too"
76561198341176914,Recommended,440880,32494522,Posted: 16 June,all,OceanicIX,"Was a pretty good game, I enjoyed it. I did have a pretty game breaking bug occur around 60% through the game where all of the pathfinding for the ai broke and they wouldnt move and just spin in circles. Needed a guy to move to progress but he was busy spinning in circles to move and actoivate and object, had to re enter the room about 4 times until he was moving and I was able to proceed without him glitching out. Isn't that long of a game but it isn't expensive either. Lots of secrets and endings so there was a lot of variety"
,Recommended,440880,33147194,Posted: 2 July,all,Initiatecrab934,This game is spooky the beginning is very well done with the switch to night. I couldnt stop playing until the game was done!  One bad thing though about the game i would run into a problem where it would start but it would be a black screen. I read the guides to explain it but it didnt say to much so the game sometimes it works and sometimes it doesnt. Keep it up guys ur next game looks really weird but if its better then this game ill totally buy it.
76561197983030764,Recommended,440880,24007662,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Rune,"""It poops gold!""10 out of 10!"
