user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,440900,29643681,Posted: 1 February,all,DustOfTheNorth,"To the Devs;You have a good opportunity here, dont ♥♥♥♥ it up.Dont turn this into a dragged out feature creeped mess that never leaves EA.Right now you have 40,000 players, dont drive people away ♥♥♥♥♥♥ updates, or useless features.Dont put in any DLC till after you leave EA.Dont jump the shark and add stupid cosmetics items or a cash shop.Dont charge money for workshop stuff or mods.Add the current feature list, polish it up, squash the bugs, and get it the ♥♥♥♥ out of early accessDont let this become just another Survival EA♥♥♥♥♥♥show."
,Recommended,440900,32224988,Posted: 6 June,all,Angry Gerbil,"so... this game is getting more hate than I think it deserves.yes its fairly glitchy (nothing game breaking)yes its early accessbut i hear a lot of people say the same thing over and over, ""this game has a lot of potential"".it does.PROBLEM IS AND WILL BE if people keep rating this game negatively because the nature of early access, and people not picking the right server for them it will kill the game and never have the chance to live up to its potential that everyone wants to see.to those who keep going on about ""toxic community"", that will depend on what server you select. Its the nature of the survival genre to have a ""toxic"" community and favor those who play more. This game has a very nice feature that goes unnoticed by too many players that can fix that issue. There are server types it brings up when you search for a game (pvp, pve, pve-rp, pvp-rp, blah blah blah, not going to list all the combonations). The beauty of that is there ARE SOME SERVERS that are heavily moderated and have rules and regulations such as not being allowed to raid people when they are offline, or not being able to just kill players with no purpose in mind or whatever your prefrences are. pick the right server for you and the game will pay off far better for you in the long run.its not a bad game, in fact i've come to like it better than any other survival-crafting game out there. I suggest playing it and forming your own opinion."
76561198025633477,Recommended,440900,30091997,Posted: 21 February,all,Sinnaps,"As I push 200 hours I feel it is time to give a competent review of ""Conan Exiles"" in its current state, and from my perspective given the style and game mode we (my wife and I) are currently playing. Just a note, we are diehard Conan fans, and the given genre is right in our sweet spot having been avid ""AD&D"" and ""Everquest"" players back in the day.I have at least tried most of the popular survival games on the market, taking far greater interest in games such as ""The Forest"" and ""Empyrion"" than games such as ""Ark"" which I played some, and games like ""Rust"", ""Life is Feudal"", ""Day Z"", ""7 D2D"", which I sampled but never really got into. I also greatly enjoy many of the single player survival games some of which are VR capable such as ""Subnautica"". While I consider myself equally PVE and PVP centric as a player, playing ARK PVP was nothing short of a relentless and unproductive experience and despite some tenacious efforts to enjoy it on my part, was never fun to play. However “ARK” in VR is nothing short of one of the greatest treats I have ever encountered as a lifelong gamer of many years.Up until ""Conan Exiles"" we have just been kicking around with games like ""Overwatch"", and beta testing ""Shroud of the Avatar"", ""Gloria Victis"", ""Savage Lands"" etc... We have also basically played just about every MMO on the market including ""Conan"" for many years. I would say we have extremely discerning taste when it comes to gaming and will happily take a quality game like ""Mount and Blade"" whose lack of graphics are easily made up for with content and replay ability.This is the perspective with which I am judging ""Conan Exiles"" understanding that it is still in EA and continues to evolve to a finished product. I would also recommend paying little heed to any reviews be they positive or negative from any ""testers"" who have not put at least 10 to 20 hours into the game due to the complexity of the in game systems and the sheer time it takes to experience various aspects of the game short of drastically altering the default settings. Conversely I'd caution against listening to the people who play with x10 everything and then complain that the game is too easy and lacking in content. So is the Rubik’s Cube if you physically take it apart and reassemble it correctly.As much as we have wanted to continue playing on the official PVP servers, the experience was tantamount to that which we had in ""ARK"" in that when you aren't fighting relentless server issues, you are contending with a completely unbalanced, often toxic population of people hell bent on making your in game experience anything but productive or pleasurable by utilizing the plethora of bugs, glitches and exploits which currently riddle the PVP portion of the game. I am confident that in time, given the tenacity of the devs and their constant efforts to patch and improve the game, that these issues will become manageable and we will revisit that element of the game in the future. In the meantime the two of us are just playing PVE together on a private server, and truth be told, we are absolutely loving the game. In fact, from this perspective, there is little to nothing, save some minor bugs here and there that we even dislike about the game.It has been somewhat similar from a survival and crafting point of view to our coop experience in ""The Forest"" and ""Empyrion"", albeit even simpler to learn and progress than in either of those games. We have only slightly deviated from the default settings and are taking our time progressing through the content. We are both around level 30 and have tried to balance our time between building, leveling and exploring, all of which are extremely rewarding in their own way.Graphically the game is phenomenal and runs beautifully on our rigs, both of which are powerful machines.The grind is definitely present but is by no means as laborious as many games of the genre, and by comparison is in some ways more straight forward and rewarding.There is no shortage of flora and fauna, as well as recipes and uses for that which you obtain from harvesting them. If anything, the fauna can be a bit overwhelming in the earlier stages of the game and act as kind of a meter suggesting by one's success or failure if it is time to move on, or to stay put and improve gear and attributes a bit more.My wife and I are always on the hunt for games that we can play together be they MMOs, survival or tower defense genres. We dabble with the ""Dark Souls"" series, but ""Conan Exiles"" truly satisfied just about every aspect of our gaming needs. Most importantly, we are having fun playing in a way so many games simply fail to deliver.There will definitely come a time when we will yearn to play this game in a PVP setting, but currently we are enjoying the aspect of the game we are playing and the experience is nothing short of a 10/10 for us.I would surmise that the best way to appreciate this game in a PVP setting would be on a limited and well modded server of maybe twenty to thirty people or so, with smaller clan size limits of perhaps five people per clan. Obviously the more like minded the players are on the server, the more enjoyable the experience will be for everyone. Alas, not everyone has ten or twenty friends they can get to play the same game, but this is one game which would truly shine above most given such a scenario. We definitely look forward to the server issues being improved, and we remain encouraged by the obvious care and time the devs are continuously putting into the game's development. Until then we will continue to enjoy this great experience and look forward for more to come as the game progresses."
,Recommended,440900,29617331,Posted: 31 January,all,Admiral Hlakbr,"I'll get this out of the way before I even start. I am going to compare this game to ARK and Rust. While it is its own beast with its own merits and flaws, it is within the same genre, and many people will wonder how it compares in certain aspects.Out of every early access survival game, Conan Exiles has the most potential I've ever seen, and it's the first day. I am completely baffled by the negative response. Compared to ARK at its release, this game has a much clearer vision and a more complete framework; even if a lot of the contents of that framework are missing or buggy. I'm inclined to believe the negative reception is due to the fact that Conan is an existing IP, not a new one. People might just expect an IP like this to be complete, and not release in Early Access. I'm not entirely sure why those people purchased the game in the first place. There is definitely a bright blue EARLY ACCESS banner on the Steam store page.All that said, the game does have a lot of issues. There's a lot of seemingly random framedrops, even to the point of the game completely freezing for several seconds. I'm confident this will be worked out with further optimisation, but it is an issue that has somewhat affected my enjoyment of the game.ProsCustomisation-By far the best character creation I've seen in a survival game. It's nearly at proper RPG levels.Presentation-The presentation and atmosphere of the game, at least initially is superb. I can only suspect that it will get better from here.User Interface-Best UI in its genre. It's simple, but not ARK simple. I said simple, not ugly.Graphics-The game isn't the absolutebestlooking game in the genre, but it's obvious there was a lot of care put into the visuals.Mining-Definitely the most interesting and satisfying mining system I've seen so far. The rocks dent and chunk away in the place you hit them before finally crumbling. It's a minor thing, but it's pretty nice.Leveling and Crafting-Fairly similar to ARK, but a bit more streamlined in my opinion. As you level up you gain points to level up attributes like Strength or Encumbrance. Furthermore you gain points to purchase crafting recipes. But unlike in ARK, a lot of the recipes in Exiles will net you two or more items.Not Bad, But Definite Room For ImprovementCombat-As you get better armour and weapons, combat becomes much much better. There is a degree of ""Git gud"" going on. However, blocking responsiveness isn't fantastic, and enemy range isn't always what you'd expect it to be.Building-Exiles is in an interesting spot of having a building system that is very similar to ARK's, but also better. The size of the individual building pieces is rather small, but despite this, you don't feel like a giant standing in a hobbit hole if you only build your shelter one wall high. Looking at you here, ARK.ConsGeneral Bugginess-Very buggy, but not so much that it's unplayable.Optimisation-Not very well optimised, but it is still much better than similar games at their launch.Co-Op Desync Bugs-Haven't tested server multiplayer, but Co-Op, even with a good connection has lots of desync issues. Time of day isn't always going to match up between players. I was also—as the person not hosting—randomly losing my tools as I tried to equip them. At one point we also saw two different items in the same slot of a chest. Removing the item and dropping it reverted it to normal.Spawning-This is mainly an issue for animals, but it's also somewhat problematic for players too. Animals will frequently spawn right on top of you. Out of the time I've spent playing, no less than 3 crocodile-alligators made my ballsack their personal spawnpoint. Of course, I could have been in the wrong place at the wrong time, but it seemed a bit too coincidental. This exacerbates the issue with low level beds. When you're low enough level that you are having trouble with a single croc, having another spawn on you means nearly certain death. I haven't unlocked beds yet, but I'm assuming they're more than single use, as the low level bedrolls break after one respawn. I feel like this is kind of counter productive. All it does is encourage resource wasting by building 2+ bedrolls and filling your base with them. A much better, but still similar mechanic would be to damage the bedroll after each respawn, and require it to be repaired. They could also implement a respawn cooldown. That would be vastly superior to how they currently work.Verdict:-If you enjoy the genre and the setting, and are willing to provide feedback, there are definitely worse things you could spend $30 on. If you're wondering if the game has promise and are just looking to see if it might be worth buying in the future; unless the devs royally eff it up, this game isverypromising.My RigOS:Windows 10 ProCPU:AMD FX-6300GPU:Nvidia GTX 970OCRAM:8GB"
76561198122759598,Not Recommended,440900,30783562,Posted: 27 March,all,RTG | BroMontana,"I love Conan Exiles, I really do. It will be great. But wait. Just wait. It will eventually be worth it, but playing it now will make you never want to play it again. Again, I frickin love this game but just don't play it now.Its very rough and problems everywhere. The few servers worth playing on with good admins are overrun with toxic, stunlocking, and building issues. Every day the population on servers will flux greatly cause of how boring things get. Official servers are useless and overrun with hackers and on top of it the grind is ridiciulous on normal servers. You could never possibly hope to compete unless you have like a 20 person clan and even then, you can be brought to your knees by a chinese hacker.Again, THIS GAME WILL BE GREAT. Just not now. Keep an eye on it, and in 3-6 months see what people are saying."
76561198054309757,Recommended,440900,29843852,Posted: 11 February,all,ian.silver67,"This is a Single Player review only.Obvious question to start....is this better than ARK?. Yes and no. ARK is 18 months further advanced than Conan so ARK has more content and ironed out many of the teething bugs BUT......Conan (despite the server issues) is a MUCH better game than ARK was when ARK was 2 weeks old.Why? To list a few immediately obvious to a single player : Conan is super stable, not so CPU/GPU intensive hence looks better as the settings can be higher - I'm running it on an ACER laptop i7 4710 quad core, 8GB RAM and a GTX860M with all settings on ULTRA. Conan also has a number of genuinely unique concepts such as Thralls (human slaves) to help with item production (eventually thralls will add new items based on ethic origin as well as speed and cost reductions) and corruption (longterm character damage resulting from going into baaaaaad places). The building system is ARK 2.0 (the mechanics are similar but the pieces are immensely more beautiful and OMG they figured out a SUPER CLEAR way to tell you which way the piece is facing and you can clearly ROTATE CEILINGS !!!) as well as the inclusion of numerous decorative items to beautify your base. Character customisation - almost  at full RPG levels. The levelling up system is also interesting as it gives possible access to a skill or workstation and that may let you immediately craft 2 or 3 different things.Another nice detail is mining rocks - which makes the rock slowly crack up before completely breaking up as you mine all the ores from it.Two wonderous features worth singling out since I mentioned ARK  - in Conan, when you pick up something it tells you how many of that thing you now have in inventory (no more guessing 'Do I have enough stone now?') and...wait for it......NO PILLAR NIPPLES....yes, FUNCOM figured out a way to keep the entire pillar between the floor and ceiling - a miracle.Price: At €/$30 this is a little pricey for an EA survival - but it looks good and so long as Funcom don't have some sort of brain freeze, the price is fair for what could/should be a great game that will entertain you for hours and hours.As a SP you can at the start of the game tweak all the key factors (speed of XP gain, resource harvesting, thirst drain etc) to make the game less grindy. My first play through I left everything at the default settings and it was a grind, really grindy. But with the tweaks (XP at 2.5 and resource harvest at 4.0 ) things move along and progress comes. I use a quad core i7 laptop with a GeForce GTX 860M card and can run this easily on high+ settings and the world looks great with no FPS problems except (I think) for a stutter when changing map tiles.In SP the game has a heavy focus on obviously surviving, building and exploring. First off surviving is pretty normal in Conan. Water is freely available but only in certain areas as the map is mainly desert (as in Scorched Earth) and there is enough food around the water to stay alive even without killing things ( although late game advances allow players to obtain water even in the dryest of desert areas). The wildlife and NPC humans both represent a danger - this is universally true when your character is low level, but even at higher levels an angry mob of Dafari cannibals are seriously hard to handle alone. The fight or flight principle also is problematic in Conan as some creatures will slow you, other will stop you moving altogether meaning getting into combat may be a one way experience. Exploring is all done of foot - no flying dino to survey the whole map in 5 minutes. The map is obviously not finished - underwater looks like it is a bit placeholder graphics and the edges of the map all look like we may eventually be able to go there but are currently shielded by the 'Green Cursed Wall' of instant character death ( the area beyond the cursed wall is huge, perhaps 5 or 6+ times the current map area, but it is virtually all empty atm). The devs have said more biomes are to come, but there are already the river valleys with waterfalls, many oases, a savannah, sulphur lakes, the 'forbidden city', the Stygian city, rocky desert and the sand dunes. The map seems about the size  or perhaps a little smaller than the original ARK map, but of course being all on foot it feels huge. Finally building - as I said earlier this is just better than ARK (and with 3000+ hrs on ARK, I love ARK building). Conan's basic building system is simply superior - easier to use and looks MUCH better when comparing the base pieces from both games (sorry for always comparing Conan and ARK). Although mods will undoubtedly add many new things to build, the base game already comes with the ability to build hexagonal and triangular towers and the pieces are all (largely) 'no contact' so building up a cliff face is possible immediately.Another feature worth noting having already mentioned grind - in Conan the torches don't need fuel - yes, it is illogical and unrealistic - but it is great not having to run around topping up the wood or coal in your torches to keep the lights on.The creatures in game are currently somewhat limited (probably about 20 or so) ranging from barbarian tribal groups, crocodiles and hyaenas to more mythical undead dragon-like monstrosities - the setting is of course a low-magic fantasy world. Currently their AI is damaged (for example they don't swim - even the crocs) and their animations are very broken (often teleporting, sliding over the ground rather than walking etc) - EA problems that will go shortly I am sure. Resources available seem fairly normal for the genre, also there are a number of items that currently seem to have no purpose (ale and wine kegs) as well as a few recipes that you can discover where we don't have access to all the ingredients (eg malted seeds are apparently not yet in-game).As it is very early EA there are issues - some items won't place or use a generic image (barrels when placed become sharpened stakes), the thrall system is only partially implemented, the sandstorm is largely a graphical event and does only limited damage to your health and so on. In SP though the game is stable, high FPS, no rubberbanding, no major crashes. Patches come fairly regularly but TBH they seem to break as much as they fix in SP at the moment and they are focused purely on bug fixes and exploits. Funcom have said they anticipate only making 6-8 content patches between now and final release but that they will all be big ones and the game intro has a list of promised features to look forward to. The devs also seem to have quite an active group of community managers and communication through the forums is imho quite good compared to many EA companies.One flaw the game has in SP especially that hopefully will be addressed is a reason to explore - if you can find a sweet spot on the map (and there are a few) you have currently little incentive to go off to the far side of the map as everything you need is close at hand - as I said I hope this will change as new (geographically specific) features, NPC's and resources/treasures appear.Mods are coming - the devkit was released mid-Feb so we can expect this game's workshop to provide the imaginative variety of choices and cool stuff that the gaming community has now come to look forward to.In summary - this is a good EA. If you like the whole Conan thing and/or survival/building games this will satisfy even at this early stage. And lets face it, anybody who has seen Arnie's movies has always wanted to take a poisonous snake, turn it into an arrow and fire it at your enemy - well now you can."
76561198035142003,Recommended,440900,29681180,Posted: 3 February,all,Sum Dingus,"I am now Dingus the Barbarian; and for that, Funcom, I extend the most awesome compliment in my ARSEnal to this most awesome of games: Nice...Welcome to Hyboria (which is Pangaea), the setting of the only of the governator’s films I avoided as I believed it was high fantasy, sword & sorcery BS; but in reality, it's more an altered history with those elements included. It takes place during the rise of pre-historic nations just after Atlantis has been sunk. Conan is an ex-Atlantean (or Cimmerian), and these parallels to human history/mythology make for an intriguing storyline. The gods parallel Greek mythology with flavors of Egyptian, Sumerian, and Norse mythologies.The base building is top-notch; totally free-form and intuitive (it even tells you which side of a wall to be placed is the outside face!) with endless options for creative outlets. You can easily build anything in your imagination; whether it be a fortress on a cliff-side, a castle on an island, a refuge in the deserts, or a sanctuary around an oasis. Because of the 'tameable' NPC's (thralls) there is an emphasis on city creation (multiple buildings, such as a crafting hall, an armory/weaponsmith, a kitchen, a barracks, etc), rather than the usual fortress/single-building stylings of other games in the genre.The thralls (taking the place of 'tames') do not need fed or taken care of, they do not need the constant grind of long taming times or babysitting; in true caveman-style (aka the Cosby method) you simply knock them out, drag them to your base, set up a 'wheel-of-pain' and bam! Thrall City! Also, speaking of another useless grind Funcom did away with, you don’t have to put fuel (wood, coal,oil, etc) of any kind in torches/lanterns/candles to use them, all you have to do is build it to keep the fires burning.The combat feels fluid and weighty: there are power swings, parries, jabs, and blocking (with shield). This is the best melee combat in an early access survival sandbox game, period. The feel of combat is comparable to skyrim in terms of bows & arrows and swords & shields. The AI is also pretty good; especially when compared to its early access brethren.The character customization options are varied, diverse, and extensive. Everything from facial features, hair, eyes, facial hair, body-type, religion, race, etc. as well as an endowment slider so you can equip your male with a range from micro-peen to mandingo; or your female with a range from training bra to legit boulder holders. Gratuitous violence + Gratuitous Nudity = an open-minded/mature experience, because shouldn’t violence be less acceptable than nudity?There is also a cool option to host a local game (they call it single-player/co-op), which is pretty much single-player (in the sense that you are the admin/host) with up to 100 people who can seamlessly drop in or out of your game- though there is currently a sort of 'leash' on the others. However, I am confident they will extend the range so others can travel any distance they wish from the admin in the future. I recommend playing this mode first as there are some common early access issues with the servers, namely an issue with battlEYE as well as terminating their contract with Ping-Perfect (who supply the official servers to Funcom) due to inability to process the load that has been requested of them.The issues/bugs/balancing are addressed by the Devs extremely quick. The rubberbanding, lag, and critical bugs in the official servers are being addressed; for instance, they recently switched server providers for official servers. Another example is when it became known that people were getting raided too easily, the Devs patched in an updated more fair and realistic balance scheme. Now, steel can destroy tier 2 (instead of iron or stone or fists) and explosives can destroy tier 3. The outreach, and attention they show to the community is remarkable and reassuring. They have released 2 patches per day (each 100mb+) since release, and I believe (and hope) they will stay engaged.My humble opinion is that Conan Exiles is the best online multiplayer survival sandbox on the market today. With the epic potential of the storyline, the solid mechanics already in place, the quick response to bugs/balance/issues, and the fact that this already plays like the juggernauts of the genre, I have every reason to believe this game will truly be a masterpiece- as it is already a magical experience- if the devs continue their commitment to community feedback.Overall, ""NNNOOOIIICCCEEE..."" out of ""Nice..."""
,Recommended,440900,29600962,Posted: 31 January,all,Aleksandros,"UPDATE: 3rd February, 2017Funcom has announced that they would be cutting their partnership withPingperfect.comfor the fact that their server hardware is at fault for the official servers being not to Funcom's quality level. They're currently searching for a new partner that will give a better multiplayer experience. I'm glad to see Funcom is quick to make choices like these, shows they're very proactive about the playerbase's concerns. The data from these official servers will be saved and ported to their new provider. The process to find a new provider will take a few days however.  So I urge you to play on unofficial servers or solo in the meantime.Solo play runs the most stable, multiplayer is still having some problems. Still a more solid launch than what I experienced on other Early Access games. Funcom has a clear vision in mind for the future of this game, whether or not they deliver on this remains to be seen. I'm enjoying the game as of now.Frame rate uncapped and v-sync off gives me about 70 to 140 FPS, but will stutter at certain areas for seemingly no reason. Despite this, I've been still getting better performance compared to other EA games of this type, ARK would be one such game, and it has had two years now.Pro & Con ListPositives-Game world- The game world is gorgeous, really feels in line with Robert E. Howards vicious and primeval feeling.Game models are excellentArmor and weapons are wonderfully designed , and often behave realistically to wind with cloth garbs.The crafting system seems well thought out and designed (However the UI to craft needs far more work, will explain below)The building system is great, the snap system isn't a new function for building, but it seems to work very well here, and building up the sides of trees and cliff-faces is really entertaining.SHEER UNCENSORED BARBARITY- Now for some puritanical individuals, this is a definite con, I've seen the argument raised on the discussion board. This game has FULL FRONTAL nudity as an option, and the gore is turned up to 11. Robert E. Howard was writing stories that rivals George R.R. Martin's brutality and sexuality in the mid 1930s, that's saying something. No seriously, I think a young George would've blushed at this stuff.Exploration- Exploring feels rewarding, stumbling across the lore pieces throughout the exiled lands is great for a lore hog like me.NegativesOptimization: I've seen many people voice concerns on optimization, I didn't these problems on my rig, but I cannot speak for all systems, so it deserves mention.Animations: When animations play out properly, they seem well done, however there seems to be a disconnect unto where animations connect to hitboxes as well as a draw range for animations playing out. (Nothing quite like seeing a naked man ominously levitate towards you before breaking out into a run)UI: The Crafting Recipe Unlock Menu is TERRIBLE. I've gotten used to it, but it was a painful adjustment. It's seemingly not organized at all, and still seemingly has ""Item ID"" numbers attached to certain recipe unlocks, which is quite off-putting. A seemingly easy fix I'd imagine however. The actual crafting screen itself on the right hand of your main inventory is fine however.Combat: Needs improving, the combat animations of the humans is and some enemies is excellent. But however the hitboxes seem to be off and it often ends up as a button mashing fight. The inability to block without a shield is also pretty annoying. Funcom said this is one of their biggest next priorities however in their last devstream before release.Multiplayer: As of right now, I've heard that it's easy to grief bases, and that door and wall destruction is far easier than it should be. Expect this to be fixed very soon, they've made this clear on the Conan Exiles Reddit.  The multiplayer performance is also pretty spotty, I've found servers where it runs well, and others where the ""rubber banding"" issue, is quite persistent.Closing statement:   I personally love it, it has its flaws, but I feel the problems they have here can be fixed relatively easily.  Still, if you feel hesitant to guy an Early Access game, I'm right there with you on that concern. I haven't bought Early Access in a long time until now, it's a logical and valid concern. All I can say is keep an eye on the game if it interests you.This was my experience on:GPU: GTX 980CPU: Intel (R) Core (TM) i7-6700k 4.0 GHzMemory: 32 GB RAM (4x 8GB DDR3)Resolution: 1920x1080HDD: 2 TBSSD: 256 GB"
76561198122818835,Recommended,440900,29698489,Posted: 4 February,all,screamengine,"I love the challenge of this game. Even when I die, it becomes a race to gather enough resources to craft a pair of pants before my mom walks by."
76561198011643462,Recommended,440900,29691994,Posted: 4 February,all,Aviel1948,"1. Introduction2. Technical review3. Game review-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------1.Introduction:You SHOULDN'T buy the game if you do not understand the concept of ""Early Access"" or you simply do not wish to engage in a product still in development - which is totally cool and legitimate but it is unfair towards the Devs if people put their frustration into negative reviews here, effectively ignoring the ""Early Access"" component.Some people also said that this game is overpriced and/or ""Early Access"" would just be a cover-up to hide all the bugs etc.Those people are WRONG!Conan Exiles gets a posive recommendation and I am going to explain why!-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------2. Technical reviewCritized main issue: Server lagging/rubberbanding!While it is true that - including for me - the game was simply unplayable in the first days of ""Early Access"" I keep being patient.Why?Funcom did not anticipate such a strong interest in the game which overwhelmed the servers of their partner ""Pingperfect"".Guys, please be serious, we all know that with many new games server issues are to be expected and the devs are engaged quite closely with the community to resolve this.They already took action by cutting ties with their former partner ""Pingperfect"" and are looking for a new appropriate server partner.Keep in mind that since release we have seen around every 12 hours an update and the devs are constantly working to iron out technical problems.That is what ""Early Access"" is all about, developing a game together with the community!-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------3. Game review3.1 Character creation3.2 Game concept3.2.1 Combat3.3.1 Thrall System3.3.2 Religion4. Graphics5. AI6. Conclusion3.1 Character creation:You choose your sex, race, religion and customize your facial and body features with the help of sliders.Due to the full nudity, you can enjoy resizing your characters dong to reflect what you wished for in reality or go all humble. Same counts for female breasts - Funcom tradition when thinking about Age of Conan.However if you are prude there are options to disable or partially disable nudity.I would never understand personally why someone might be offended from a naked human body but is totally fine with gore but ok, nevermind!Facial hair for males are greyed out still, something that is going to change very fast surely.The racial background is purely cosmetic and a roleplay aspect while religion has a deeper sense. More about this later.Generally it feels very intuitive to create your character, not to overwhelming and not too simple and thankfully you can not create weird mutant like character like in ARK. You are Human and you are going to look like one - great!3.2 Game Concept:Like many people already said before me, Conan Exiles does remind me the most of ARK. It uses the same engine (UE4) and the game concept is similar however in my opinion it feels like an updated version.The menus are more intuitive and they also improved the building system because unlike ARK you can use the terrain, adapt the height of your foundations and build into mountainsides.Sometimes certain parts do not want to snap in the right place but generally I prefer the Conan Exiles system over ARK, I had far less issues here.So while generally being another survival game where you have to manage hunger, thirst, stamina, encumbrance and your health it brings new fresh elements into the genre (Soon more about it.)I noticed a tiny nice feature regarding encumbrance. In other survival games you can freely move until you are encumbered - same goes for Conan Exiles - however the more you carry here, the less faster your Stamina regenerates which will decrease your intervals in which you are able to run!Another survival aspect is ""corruption""The more time you spend with dark beings and dark places, you gain corruption which will overlap your health bar, effectively reducing your maximum available amount of health.How to remove it? For this you need dancers! Yes, some nice men and women entertaining you! Read more about it later in the thrall section!A neat little features!3.2.1 Combat:The combat system generally reminds me mostly of TES: Skyrim. Wield the weapons you want and attack your foes etc.Nice but honestly I wish they will introduce a more in-depth system, currently you can try to dodge enemy attacks but it doesn't work intuitively yet and the possibility to cripple certain body parts is also missing.You cannot hit someones arms so he cannot wield his weapon or cripple his legs so he cannot chase you e.g.Shooting arrows at foes also doesn't bother them. They just keep running like they are made out of steel.I hope they gonna change this however gore is a feature on s.o. death!3.3.1 Thralls:A unique aspect of Conan Exiles is the feature that allows players to capture Human NPC's in order to break their will and make them work for you!Some might think that it is similar to a pet system like ARK in which you tame dinosaurs but I think it is different and it also feels diferent in the game.The possibility to tame and ride animals is not yet implemented in Conan Exiles but will come in the future, better reflecting the equivalency of taming dinosaurs in ARK probably.The thrall system currently enables you to capture someone, bring him back to your camp and let him spin around in the hamster wheel - sorry -in the Wheel of Pain.It takes quite some time but after the procedure is done you can make use of your new thrall.However, they have certain qualities.There are archers, fighters, blacksmiths, chefs, dancers and probably more.There are NPC's with certain abilities out there which you have to find in order to fill in your desired role.To remove corruption you will need dancers e.g.3.2.2 Religion:A new and fresh aspect to the genre!You choose the deity of your desire during character creation (currently there are four but they plan on bringing in more) and then you are able to build the first tier level of your deity's altar/shrine/etc.Keep in mind that every deity is unique regarding items you can get but the mechanics are the same, you have to gain their favor!There are two higher tiers of altars available (three in total, counting the starting one) with more unique religious items which you can unlock once you've reached higher levels!When you gained the highest amount of favor, your deity will reward you be allowing you to summon his avatar which you can control then for a brief time (1 minute on default I think?) to crush everything in your path!I am curious to see how much further they will develop the religious aspect!4. Graphics:I tried all the different graphics options, all the way from ""low"" to ""ultra"" and I can tell you that this game looks gorgeous, the graphics are very well done and manage to transfer an atmospheric feeling. Those sandstorms are gorgeous!Something I could not test for myself yet required a low end laptop. In the graphics settings is a checkbox wich adapts the graphics specifically for low end laptops, enabling people with less sophisticated hardware to play the game.The greatest atmospheric ""turnoff"" currently is the missing AI intelligence as well as NPC animations.5. AI:This is one of the priorities of the devs to change (Early Access) however currently, NPC's simply stand around, doing nothing and they feel rather robotic in their behavior and only get active when they spot to attack you.6. Conclusion:Fresh, new ideas for the survival genre! My main issues about rubberbanding or lack of AI intelligence and animations is subject to change, so I recommend the game!"
,Not Recommended,440900,30321712,Posted: 4 March,all,123,"600 hours here, checking in. Despite the very generous attention to detail in the male and female genital design... surprisingly no one has a butt hole. No butt holes. At all. It's weird, I know.The game has a lot of potential, it really does... and most of the comments and posts on reddit from people who are leaving or unhappy with the game include that exact phrase, because it is true. But the devs keep f*cking up in pretty massive ways and then they don't have the proper attitude or solution to the issues after the fact. That's the most damning thing honestly.There have been multiple instances of devs releasing a patch on Thursday or Friday without proper testing that completely broke servers, or introduced game-breaking bugs. Forums go into an uproar, with no response from the dev team that day or the following day, they don't even acknowledge that there is an issue. Then the weekend comes around, devs leave and the game is left in an unplayable state until Monday.Weekends have the highest playtime for many people and it just leaves them disappointed because the game they looked forward to playing all week is in a totally broken state, some official servers were completely offline for entire weekends at a time. And this trend has happened multiple times. ""Let's push a totally broken, untested patch to live severs and take off for the weekend lol we'll deal with it Monday.""There are balancing issues, gods are obscene right now, land claim is still wonky. There's a lot of opportunity to grief and despawn NPC camps entirely which are quite vital in this game, and players are definitely abusing it. I'm pretty sure I've read the line ""player corpses are now lootable underwater"" in every single patch that's come out to date and it's still a thing.Lastly, I'll only just mention the asians playing on US servers living inside of rocks, under the map and outside the kill wall, running at 3x speed or flying up a mountain right into peoples bases. Any survival players already know exactly what this means. Edit: Multiple instances of asians gaining admin access to official servers by abusing the admin login (why even have this for officials?)Edit: I've received multiple comments saying the things in my review are just EA and balancing issues and are to be expected because that's what EA is... well, not exactly, EA's not a blanket excuse that covers any and all f*ck ups. So, I'll elaborate on specific things that are happening that aren't early access issues, but more of learn2dev issues. Poor planning, poor execution, poor communication, poor problem solving after the fact. For those of you that say ""go play on private servers"" that isn't a solution, it's a band-aid.Update 2: March 23 patch released on a Thursday, here's the recap: Patch dropped, almost all US official servers and many other servers were unable to come online at all due to a bug introduced in the patch, leaving servers unplayable until a hot fix 10ish hours later. With servers finally accessible, within an hour multiple bugs are present and the community provides feedback. One of the issues is extreme building lag when placing objects. Friday: devs put out a hotfix before leaving for the weekend to attempt to correct the building lag. What actually happened? Building lag was unfixed, but in their attempt to fix it the building/snapping system was completely broken. No one could build stairs or snap foundations or walls together all weekend. Tons of meme posts popped up for work arounds like stacking boxes or attaching shelves to the walls in order to get to various parts of their base. The super high jumping spear exploit was inadvertently readded into the game, being able to fly up a cliff into anyone's base while they can't build or replace their doors makes for interesting events.Example 1: The devs accidentally put in the unfinished building decay system into a patch that was undocumented, causing anyone who had placed any items or chests directly onto the ground to lose all of their belongings... and yep they left for the weekend leaving everyone wondering why their stuff just vanished, if there would be rollbacks to fix it (this wasn't responded to until 4 days later and of course by then a rollback wasn't viable.) Devs response when they got back? ""Oops your stuffs gone but the good news is we know decay works!""Example 2: Patch before the weekend broke server stability causing all servers to crash in increments of 15 minutes, some servers would crash and get stuck in a state of limbo becoming completely inaccessible. This lasted Thursday-Monday as well.Example 3: Most recently the duping fiasco, a dupe went viral and caused widespread abuse causing complete destruction of official servers. Trump walls built out of vaults across the whole map, clans with thousands of gods (enough to completely wipe every base on the server 10 times over.) Again, devs were simply not present during the critical time.Example 4: Secondary attacks on the war hammer did ridiculous and broken damage, and eventually they disabled the secondary attack. Well shortly after an exploit was exposed using the secondary attack on the spear/trident that would allow players to shoot straight up cliff faces and jump insanely high into the air reaching places they shouldn't be able to. This was really op and broken and people posted about it EVERY. SINGLE. DAY. It took devs 2-3 weeks to finally get around to simply removing the secondary attack in the same way they removed it from the war hammer. This wasn't a fix, they didn't fix the mechanic, they just band-aided the exploit by removing the mechanic of the game that they were abusing. That could have, and should have, been done much sooner than it was.Update 3: Spear secondary attack has been re-enabled this patch and the spear super jump glitch is back and even more OP than it was before. What did devs say about it? I'll quote:Originally posted by Nikola Tesla:Why have you not disabled pike jump glitch after last patch?Jens [ Community Manager ]:Because we initially thought we fixed the pike jump exploit.Guess they didn't bother to test it and figured, hey lets just put it back in and see what happens.Overall, everyone I started playing this game with has decided to stop playing and I've stopped recommending it to new people because they join and then quit shortly after due to these issues. So unless you're an extremely resilient player I think wait and see how it goes further down the line. This isn't just my experience, or the experiencing of the people I know, just looking at the overall trends on reddit and steam forums, as well as sharp declines in the player base after these mishandled issues arise.Yes, I've logged many hours, I play while I work. This game has no afk booting system you can literally be logged in 24/7 for an entire month if you just leave your computer on. In fact, because you get passive exp just from being logged in, many people do this to level while they're sleeping."
,Recommended,440900,29777978,Posted: 8 February,all,Ren,"~~~~~Things i enjoy~~~~~Thralls:With over 300 on our current unoffical, We have yet to see the limit.~ Thrall Breakdown ~Three tiers, and Legendaries ~ (t3 convert time is roughly 6-8hours. legendary is 20hours.)Dancers:Delightful room brighteners ~ They have lovely dance animations and give nifty health regen buffs.(Stacks to 10 and lasts a hour when done so, I hope for more buff variety through race later.)Crafters:They are amazingly useful! They cut down craft times, Reduce material costs, And the higher tier ones even unlock recipes! While there is a small lack of variety so far, I'm sure this will be expanded on between all races owning thier own crafts! They are hugely helpful. You will not make it far without them.-Easy way to spot crafters, They all have one handed hammers/tools.(Tanners have a One-handed skinning long knife)Taskmasters:These guys speed up the time it takes to convert other thralls when equipped to a wheel of pain.Defintely get some when you have a chance to visit the NPC city in the north west oasis.Religion Priests:They act like crafters for your altars. Helping in various ways, Arch priests are consumed upon avatar summons. However they have set spawn points and can easily be blocked. Must be remedied.2h-Hammers:AMAZING! They arent afraid to jump into the front line and break shields, Thier stagger is great. And they can easily knock someone off a cliff. High value defintely recommended for jump bridges, stair gaps and other various gap closers.2h-SpearsOnce again amazing! These guys have huge value for guard doors, theres nothing like 3 staggering spear blows to the face when you open/break a door. Works really well when lag is minimal.Sword and Shield:Their value is minimal at the moment. The problem is. Once you capture a shield owning npc,After converting it, It will no longer own a shield. Decreases the value immensely.Bows:These guys are highly valuable, Decent aim and fire speed, They can shoot over fences on certain angles.Crossbows:Without a doubt the strongest dps of all thralls without lag. Thier triple burst fire is very valuable.They cant shoot over fence cover reliably.The only downfall to Thralls in current is:The spawn points of everything is set. It really needs to be more randomized. While it doesnt matter for some things, It really does matter for the religion teachers. The priests,the task masters and the legendaries. Assuming this will be fixed in future.Combat:This aspect is delightful when theres no lag ~ Invigorating,Huge skill potentional,Content:The leveling system is slightly slow, on default rates. You have alot of server options and filters though, So finding your comfortable gain/gather rates should be easy :)Theres alot of various things to explore in the starting map, Whether its set ruins in the unnammed city, or righteous  mitraian desert bound ships, Will you find the treasure? I know i couldnt. Lores your friend in this game :)Theres alot of hints throughout them. Secret caves and more.Building:I have yet to run into a problem i cant solve throughout the various building slates that are available.Collision/clipping systemI haven't fallen through the world once, nor the ceiling, floor or anything else.Hitboxs work quite well in general, Specially when the sever is clear of lag.~~~~~~Things i dislike~~~~~~-No offical servers.(i blame pingperfect for this.Will be fixed soon. 08/02/17)--Update 10/02/17:Offical servers are now up for select regionshttp://steamcommunity.com/games/440900/announcements/detail/579113052933850650Leaving in dislike till stability/reachability is fully resolved. However progress is good.---One Month later 09/03/17:/ Well, I was really expecting officals in all regions by now.I'm still hopeful it will include more then US,EU and Asia based servers (which now feature a region lock)Crom grant me more patienceD:-Server latencyis horrible at higher numbers, This is also being worked on relentlessly. Hope for a resolve soon.08/02/17--(Has been greatly improved in the last week of patches for most people. Some are still having issues, but is clearing up nicely -12/02/17)-The way we can buildWith no seige weapons makes for easily built unraidable bases. The building system is great, However no seige weapons is not. This is coming and already confirmed.--07/03/17Nice looking trebuchet system revealed and spotlighted amongest other things.http://steamcommunity.com/games/440900/announcements/detail/583618556139178361---31/03/17Trebuchet has been added, With the ability to shoot yourself from the trebuchet.-The decay system.Buildings arent decaying, Drives me nuts. The amount of blocked spawns appearing on a daily basis is quite annoying. However i know it will be added soon, and the system they have in place should be great.(More dense the building is, the longer it takes to decay.)--24/03/17Decay has been renamed to Ruins System, and is on live. Yay!-The rendering system.Buildings need to be more of a fluent load in for all. There is easy ways to see inside bases and isolate weak points or secret rooms.Must be fixed.--Update 16/02/17Render Issue is no longer a problem.Bases should load instantly for all.08/02/2017. 10/10 Defintely recommend.-Edited Typo's.-Another edit, Found taskmasters/slavers and legendaries in different locations to original post.-More Typo's and added offical server comment rework + Timestamps.-Changed render section, Added corolating patchnotes, and reworked crafter spotting tip.-Depressed edit under offical server heading, and ""to come"" news link.-Added Spoiler text to irrelevant/aged info."
,Recommended,440900,29611424,Posted: 31 January,all,Tehbeardedgamer,"I'll Get right into it.**Pros**Visually BeautifulThe game is familiar and intuitive.Crafting and building are easy and simpleThe Crafting system is deep and upgrades feel meaningful.Gathering is not an annoyance meaning you gather at a decent rate and there is plenty of nodes to gather from.Combat is Awesome. It is fluid and give a space for skill>gear.( [ ADDED] People are commenting that combat is just who ever can spam left click fast enough and that simply isnt the case. You need to manage your HP, Stamina and envrionment. If you smap attacs ill just kite you until you are out of staming and then shoot arrows into your face while I run around you  or pike you to death before you can get close enough. Shields works quite well use them to not only block but knock your opponent away creating space for your next move.  Yeah most people will spam left click but ive 1v4 people because of that tatic and I had similar gear. )Wide Variety of monsters to kill currently.Guild/clan features already implemented (played with about 10 guys Lot's of fun)Thrall system is pretty cool to capture NPC and have them be apart of your team.Raiding will not take days to gather recources to raid like RustYou can repair your items after creating them which is much more efficient.More to come**Cons**There are some server issues which cause rubberbanding and AI to work incorrectly.**WORKING BETTER*The map may be a bit small in my exploration.---REDACTED TOok a full day cycle to walk 75% of the mapI think having a guild of 20 people out of 70 is a bit much and will allow for zerg tatics.Players can Lag into rocks or npc's and even structures.**WORKING BETTER**AI Needs work.They are way to dumb right now.**WORKING****Balancing Issues**If you accidently swing your weapon inside hitting a crafting table it gets destroyed(t3 Weapon)** FIXED**Punching walls down under a minute ** FIXED**Shooting 3 arrows at doors to break them**FIXED**Weapons of the same Teir as walls can destroy the walls in just a few hits. **FIXED**I can Destroy an entire 4x4x4 base in about 2 minutes.**FIXED**My Dong can finally be too big**Suggestions**-ThrallsReduce Capture time they die so easily really isnt much point to spend time and resourses on them.Give them some Movable AI commands.(Patrol, Follow, Guard, Gather)Allow Players to give Thralls better gearRemove Thralls ability to do damage to owners base. Currently Players can Hide behind corners and thralls will shoot the walls destroying them.-Corruption.Remove the Max of 50% on corruption. If a player chooses to go into the areas that gain corruption there needs to be a punishment.Reduce Corruption by %/hr-EXPSpiders currently give the most exp of any mobs in the game ive found. They are easy to farm and because of the 50% cap on corruption you can sit in the cave for hours wth out penalty.Increase EXP gain for mobs the further north you go and reduce the further south you are.Increase spawn rates and spawns of killable NPC Camps.____________________________Twitch.tv/tehbeardedgamerI want to say I've read a lot of the reviews and while i'm for everyone expressing their opinion on the game several of the negative reviews neglect to consider the state of the game and where it's at in its development. They feel biased and unsure of what they were buying. Most of the issues currently come down to Perfectping servers and the battle eye issues with lag and kicking people. Those will be fixed and several things that were problematic will no longer be. I will be streaming this game on twitch just about every day so if you are undecided and need some visual support for or against the game stop by my channel and watch a VOD or catch me live.MY SERVERLag Free Server and the AI actually worksI set up a dedicated server from my home.If you want to play on a server with out issues search for [Bearded's No Lag PvP]Twitch.tv/tehbeardedgamerLet me know if you have any issues please.If you cant find it you can add me and join off of me or you can add 108.249.99.203:27015 to your Steam Servers list"
,Recommended,440900,29981091,Posted: 17 February,all,EvilWolf,"I been playing Conan since day 1. Played many games before of early access, one of them is Ark, who uses the same Engine as Conan.Conan in about 3 weeks, went from lagging, rubberbanding game, a bit glitchy, to some really good turning, and even amazing game.The game has an amazing team of dev's who work all the time. A team who fixed in a mere of 3 weeks what Ark couldn't do in a time of a year.The game starts as a bit hard, as you just started as a low level and must fight npc's, and even some players to survive.I wouldn't suggest this game for solo, unless you going single player, for the reason, it is much more fun playing as a team, and also easier.Now for all those who cry it is repetitive... It is in some point of a game, but what did you expect of an online game, that is open world, and you need to survive there by making your own base, tools, weapons, and even summon gods when needed.Now don't get me wrong, I love this game, I play it all the time when I can since I like the concept. I like going around and exploring, I like that you have dungeons, bosses, npc's that you capture and some that will kill you if you don't watch your back.The Dev's adding more stuff, fixing the game all the time. It has so much to show and so much to wait for in the future(The close future).So for all those who might say I got no experience, or I got no clue of what I am talking about... I got over 300 hours, right now it is 340+. I got a huge base on top of the mountain, and you can still play the game, without raiding all the time, or got to be worried you will be getting raided like on Ark.So to those who think of buying the game, don't think, just buy.22,02,17I am still playing the game with over 430 hours. Game is becoming better and better, and yes, I do sleep between 4-6 hours a day. And yes, it is possible ;)"
,Recommended,440900,34012189,Posted: 4 August,all,rizefall,"Super fun survival game that you can play solo or with friends. Lots of different things to craft and build, great PVE content and lots of promises for the future.Right now you can climb on walls like in Breath of the Wild and soon a new biome is introduced that gives lots of decent updates.All in all it's a great survival experience that only gets better with it's updates. It had a rough start but now it's finally starting to shape up."
,Recommended,440900,29893199,Posted: 12 February,all,Reignswolf,"Conan ExilesFirst off; this game came out on the 30'th of January. It's gotten plenty of negative reviews even though it's in EA and has literally only been out for a little while.I own pretty much every popular survival game out there and went through my phases with them all. DayZ, 7 Days To Die, The Forest, Ark and a few others. This game for just being released definitely seems promising as it surpasses many EA games in performance, playability and existing content.That said...In my experience this game has been great so far. There is some truth to a lot of the negative reviews when it comes to lag. New servers don't seem to lag at all - for me at least. However, when it gets closer to 30+ people and people building structures and leaving it seems to clutter up and start to get a bit jumpy. I haven't experienced such ridiculous lag that it's unplayable as most of these negatives reviews seem to say. I'm running the game on an i7 4790k / 970 / 16GB ram and I've had barely any issues apart from slight rubberbanding at high populations.So far I've experienced a great community (I play on RP/PVP servers) - There's a selection to the type of community you want to play with which is very unique and a welcome addition to the server selection menu.Similar to Ark, the crafting system is intuitive and if playing on slower settings you'll find yourself immersed for long gaming sessions. It is immersive enough to generally always be doing something such as collecting ores, leather, or even chopping up human corpses for rituals to whatever Gods you serve.The leveling system is in combination with the crafting system, which makes it give you the urgency to want to and have to level before being able to unlock more effective equipment. Even at this stage of EA there's quite a lot to do - even if it feels a bit grindy at times, you always feel like you're making progress towards something.The environment... Sandstorms are quite awesome to experience. Footprints in the sand, and ruins of a past civilization are all a sight. I quickly became immersed in the environment after finding journals that give some light to the story, caves filled with exiles and random small bonfires with NPCs.Thralls. Thralls are a great addition to this game. You can bash an NPC over the head with a Truncheon, knocking them out, and drag them back to the wheel of pain to break their spirits having them join your cause. You can outfit your base with Thrall archers to defend it while you're offline. Have Dancers, Fighters, Blacksmiths, Carpenters, Armorsmiths - which all benefit you in different ways. I look forward to this feature becoming more refined.Building. The building is pretty great. I've seen some amazing structures and the amount you can do with the more simpler buildings, like Sandstone which happens to also be quite easy to make, are quite awesome. Building around hills/mountains using stairs. Player buildings quickly become something that seems visually possible and immersive - apart from the occassional completely ridiculous building.Ultimately, the game has a lot to do. If you're willing to take the game for what it is - an EA title in a vast wasteland - you'll probably enjoy it a lot more than a lot of the negative reviewers. If you want to enjoy the game but can't stand the lag enjoy SINGLE PLAYER with your selection of preferred MODS. At least until the memory problem with the online gets fixed and makes it more playable for the people experienced rubberbanding issues.This game has GREAT potential."
,Not Recommended,440900,31150966,Posted: 15 April,all,AwesomeHero,"Don't buy (yet)I held off a long time on writing a Review for this game.  After playing and monitoring the path Funcom has taken here closely, I can not recomment this.I used to defend this title against the usual "" it will be just another Early Access fail"" comments.  My point was "" Funcom are no 3person indie dev team, and no amateurs"" . Boy do I feel silly now.I got this game day one and persuaded multiple friends to get it to play together. And while I don't regret it as much, it does feel like wasted time and nothing more.If you want to know more and have some patience:While one of the listed issues alone wouldn't make me put down a negative Review, all of them combined are too much to ignore, even for Early Access.Exploits and cheating- and the Devs either don't care much about it or simply don't have the capacity to address the problem properly.Yes, in every Early Access title exploit, glitches abd bugs are to be expected.  However,the sheer amountof game breaking exploits as I have never seen in any other EA title is worth noting(Yes I have played quite a few EA titles).   There is no hotfixes for even the most simple of exploits.  Game breaking exploits often take weeks to be addressed. The fixes don't always work as intended and might be back in a similar form with the next update. Which brings us to the next issue.A few examples of exploits that were/are used.-Access to admin right on Official Servers-Jump boosting, spear jump boosting.-Infinite explosives-item Duping-building inside terrain,Amateur-like Devs and horrible working methods,A few examples:-Accidental wipes of specific servers.-Pushing out half finished mechanics in a patch by mistake(what caused entire buildings to vanish and made many players quit) That is something I have not seen from any company yet.-Communication from Funcom with the Community is horrible.While there have been reddit posts, Communication on Steam has been close to none for a long time. Communicate on the platform you are actually selling the game on.The EA launch couldn't have started worse.  Just about 2 days after launch the Official Servers were taken down for 2 weeks. During that period there was little to no communication. After nearly 2 weeks, the only answer ""soon"" which was given almost every day wasnt enough anymore.- Even the most serious bugs and game breaking exploits take a long time to be addressed. Simple steps like disabling a secondary attack which enables one to ""fly"" seem to only be able with a bigger update.Broken core mechanics of the game take months to be ""fixed"" (players being able to stop pretty much every ai from spawning across the entire map)-They often seem to not know how to fix core mechanics.-Development is 2 steps forward, 1,5 steps backwardsIt seems like no testing was done at all. So far, while implemented very little, all but one update have caused just as many issues as they have fixed. While one update removed all shrines, the next one did remove literally everything that wasn't placed directily on a foundation and so on.Concerning trend of Devs and Moderators locking and removing Negative threads/comments  and critique on the forumsIt is no secret that Streamers from China and their followers make use of every possible exploit to invade and clean up one official Server after another.The amount of exploits and how they are dealt with make this a real problem.Either play on unofficial servers, or deal with these certain exploits and  groups.(you may know this from other games like Reign of Kings)It is still possible that FC manages to turn this ship around.  But if it continues at this rate and no changes in their working methods are made then I do not see a good future for this.I started to seriously doubt that Funcom is even up to the task.Right now Conan Exiles it is a good looking mess with potential.Chances are however that this title ends up as  yet another shallow game with none of its visions being delivered as promised.I will try to update this review as/if issues get resolved(Edit:  They have implemented some new things, but all of it introduced new game breaking exploits (With game breaking I mean serious exploits, lke building a teleporter (elevator) right into someones base. Or infinite bombs)  So from that perspective, nothing changed."
,Recommended,440900,32685000,Posted: 23 June,all,Okros,"21.7 hours in at the time of writing this.you're  a naked dude in the desert.pick up rocks, hit a few trees, get some tools and suddenly you've got a small house.current form is basically a tiered progression.- stone house- slightly better iron house- even better steel house.etc.progression feels flat, materials are tied to locations.there are no skills, only attributes that multiply things. +1 strength gives slightly more damage.recipes are unlocked from levels.leveling is really slow, unless you hit servers with multiplyerswhen i played this ""as intended"" i got sick and tired of it within a few hours.after giving it another shot and playing this game on 10x gathering, i got to try out the different technologies and enjoyed it so much more.in its current form, it's not likely to hold your attention for long. Most servers are empty from what I've seen.the game has potential, its mostly easy to understand, and is good and responsive.you can very easily try it out within the refund time and make up your mind on whether you like it or not."
,Recommended,440900,34069327,Posted: 6 August,all,General Klytus,"After reluctantly purchasing the game, I was surprised to find the game was, in so many way, the survival game I've been waiting for. To play with my friends. I've got a single player server with 5 of my friends, haven't played PvP, but the environment is beautiful.The function of the game is incredibly logical and relieving compared to other survival games.The Singleplayer environment is challenging enough to play, for sure. Super fun with friends.Performance is pretty good. 60fps average with i5/gtx 960 on high.A few bugs related to networking, but solvable by closing/re-opening. They know about the bug in forums.Combat (contrary to wierd negative complaints) is really nice. Feels heavy, blood and physics are amazing. Very satisfying.LOVE mod support!"
76561198006628078,Recommended,440900,34327428,Posted: 18 August,all,batuswelm,"Got the game despite the critism and don't regret over 40 hours in it.I play mostre PvE with friends and it is great fun. Graphics are awesome and the building system great, really allows for some nice buildings. The AI on the npc could be way better but it will do for now.I have no idea how the PvP is as it does not interest me. I prefer building, surviving and exploring and this game is great for that. The scenery is stunning."
,Not Recommended,440900,33730607,Posted: 22 July,all,Richard Broadwood,"**Updated 25/08/'17**What's changed: PvP is slightly better, but still ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Human AI is less buggy, but still extremely easy to exploit to the point of rendering thralls utterly useless. Gear disparity is only made worse with the new ""expansion"".I have a much more in-depth criticism of the game here:https://steamcommunity.com/app/440900/discussions/0/1470840994959896473/tl;dr: If you like building, and don't mind rebuilding/changing location every day, and have a good deal of patience towards griefers, get the game. If you don't like building (OR) want to do PvP (OR) want to do PvE, don't buy the game.PvP - The PvP has some worth, now that the devs added a dodging system. It plays like a very poor dark souls, primarily due to two reasons. The first, is that the hitboxes are very out of whack. You may dodge an attack before it hits you, but since the attack animation has started playing, you get hurt. In otherwords, you don't dodge attacks. You dodge when you think they're going to attack. Which is complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.And if you are losing a fight, all you have to do is sheath your weapons, and then run away. You can sprint when you have weapons sheathed, but not when they're equipped. The reason why that's implemented, as that the sprint mechanic is overpowered; before the change, the meta was to sprint and spam your left mouse button.Now, the meta is to spam your left mouse button, sprint away, then edge closer whilst spamming your left mouse button.If a player with a warhammer attacks you, even if it's made of stone, and you are not wearing the best gear the game has to offer, you will be stunlocked into oblivion.Damage is still very messed up. If the enemy has armour, the solution is to make an Ancient Khopesh (easily attainable), and then spam left click. You can kill an end-game player in a couple seconds. But lo' and behold, the devs have added in two new tiers of damage! Now you can kill players in record time with a star metal sword, which is easily attainable for alpha clans, and very hard for solo players. Great, more ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t level and gear disparity.There is no block, unless you use a shield, keep your distance (which nullifies the whole point of a shield in the first place), aren't lagging, your opponent isn't lagging, and the server isn't lagging.Building - Great building system ruined by extremely unbalanced raiding system.The building is fantastic. If you loved Fallout 4's settlement system, which I did, you'll love the building in this game. Sure, most people make box houses, but you have the ability to make all sorts of awesome architecture. Viking long houses, stilted tribal villages, sprawling medieval fortresses, slave camps, gigantic altars, it's all possible and a joy to make.But it's extremely easy for players to make your effort null. Kill a few dead-in-2-hits enemies (baby dragons) for some material that's supposed to be rare and hard to come by, make it into explosives, and plop it down at somebody's base. Bring a couple spare for destroying the more advanced continers, and you've just robbed a player of everything he owns. In under two minutes.PvE - Terrible. Take the AI from Wurm, and make it janky, stuttery and unable to make a meaningful number of attacks. Never mind the accuracy of 'em.With the new update, the human AI is at least not as prone to stuttering. But still very easy to cheese and exploit. If you position yourself above a human thrall, they will not be able to hurt you, whereas you can still attack them; they have only one aiming direction, and that is forwards.Archer thralls are pathetically short ranged. It's only an effort of tedium to stand far away from an archer thrall, and shoot it to death. Repeat ad nauseam for all the archer thralls in your way, and proceed to loot the player's base.Visuals - Superb.Performance - Terrible. If the devs use instancing and/or robust batching, it sure doesn't feel like it. And the LOD only has a couple levels; high detail, and med-high detail. GPU Performance plummets in the more attractive parts of the game.The server software is also mostly single threaded, and the server runs all of it's connections in one main thread. This is extremely bad, and it shows."
76561198020793609,Recommended,440900,29713273,Posted: 5 February,all,Bigman1182,"So far a very fun game... I love the building, I love the exploration. Yes, the servers were ♥♥♥♥♥♥, but the fact that they already dumped that provider and are looking for a new one, shows alot. Cant wait to see what they add soon"
,Recommended,440900,29649713,Posted: 2 February,all,Azralynn,"See written review belowor watch it here:https://youtu.be/-fOCYs8FTbkTL;DR: SKIP TO CONCLUSION!Conan Exiles is an open world survival crafting game that is currently in early access on Steam. The game can be played solo, or as locally hosted online co-op, or on a dedicated online server. I experienced all 3 modes, and the online servers are the best option. It’s far superior to both the solo/locally hosted co-op mode. If you intend to play solo, I would strongly advise against that, as it gets very lonely and boring.Using the player hosted co-op is better than soloing, but it’s also got issues that need to be addressed. I found the co-op experience not as enjoyable as it could be; the biggest issue being that the people you are hosting are invisibly tethered to you, and you can’t split up at all. Other people are dragged along wherever the person hosting goes, so I look forward to that being fixed.Playing online multiplayer is definitely the way to go. Due to all the different server options, the gaming experience will vary from server to another. You just need to find a server that fits what you want to do at a pace that you like. Most importantly, you’ll decide whether it’s PvP or PvE, and how fast people are able to progress. Personally, I prefer faster progression with PvP. As is the nature with any PvP game, expect to be zerged, killed, and lose practically everything you own in the blink of an eye.A major focus of the game revolves around gathering resources and crafting. You’ll need to make everything from weapons, to armor, to torture devices and shrines, to housing and decorations. There isn’t a whole lot to say about the story since most of it isn’t implemented yet.Fighting players is much more satisfying than fighting the AI. Most of the combat is melee, but there are ranged weapons as well. All tools, armor, and weapons have durability. When items become completely worn out, you can repair them with a few materials instead of having to completely recraft them. Dying respawns you back at wherever you have a bed set up, and on most servers, all of the items you had are left on your body.Pros:the crafting system has quite a bit to offer, and you can craft while doing other thingsplayers can build and customize their own buildings just about anywhere they want and make as many buildings as they want as long as it’s not too close to someone else’s, and everything can be raided and destroyed by other playersall of the server settings can be changed, allowing players a lot more options to choose from to find the gaming experience best suited for themsurvival aspects (health, stamina, thirst, and hunger) are all easily manageable (by default) without being too much of a burden once you have access to a campfire to cook withPvP conflicts between players and clans are fun, and will likely encourage long term replay of the gamegear and stat progression allows you to customize your character, but even if you have higher level and better armour, coordinated naked people can still take you out (PvP + full loot are options for server settings)the environments look great, and even though on occasion you’ll notice some objects floating above the ground, it’s not too plentiful or game-breaking at allthe music and sound effects are fine, and the cut scenes and voiced dialog that there are in the game are done very wellcontrols are fully customizable, and there is controller supportanticheat software is available, but not forced on players; servers can opt in to using the anticheat software (called BattEye), but there are plenty of unofficial servers that don’t require players to have it installedCons:some servers will have lag and rubberbanding – it gets worse as more people join the server; most of the time, there was little to no lag, but as the server I was playing on went over 30 players, it started lagging very badly (this is one of the top issues Funcom is working on for the next patch)the interface layout for the crafting menu/crafting recipes sections both need a major overhaul – currently it seems very disorganized, and streamlining the crafting menus to make them easier to read should be implemented (i.e. maybe making them into a tree of crafting skills)it’s too quick and too easy to raze everything someone has built to the ground(nitpick) AI is a bit dumb, and could use improvements (I’m sure that will be improved in the future)(nitpick) character and enemy models could use some improvements to both the design and the animation to make it more consistent with the rest of the world – it’s difficult to differentiate between AI enemies and players enemies, or tell friends from foes (clothing customization is planned in the future, but sooner would be better)(nitpick) some sound effects cut in and out (i.e. waterfalls)Performance wise, I’m able to run with all settings maxed, but there are framedrops every now and then (Win10, 32GB RAM, i7-6700k, GTX 1070). It wasn’t too bad though, and I could easily tolerate it. On more popular online servers, there’s more likely to be server lag causing problems rather than performance drops.I’ve played the game for over 20 hours so far, and I’ve had the most fun while playing on the online servers PvPing and building up bases with others. I can see PvP conflicts between players and clans being a reason to encourage long term replay of the game, and that’s definitely something I look forward to doing more of.Conclusion:Conan Exiles is in early access, so if you’re looking for a perfect, polished, and complete game, just hold off until the game develops further. Servers may lag, and it is something that is top priority for fixes, but in the meantime, you can use the lag to your advantage in many situations. After my experiences with Age of Conan, I admit was skeptic about Conan Exiles. However, there is plenty of fun to be had with it. I think the game is off to a great start, and I don’t understand all the hate that it’s getting. I have played a lot more than I thought I would, and I intend to play even more as the game develops.If you like my reviews, please feel free to join my Steam group, and follow my curationshere.You can also view this review on my websitehere."
,Recommended,440900,29599835,Posted: 30 January,all,waffletit,"**EDITED**Had a bit of a rocky start.  Created my character, slid dong slider all the way to the left.  When I went to finalize my character and join the server I had selected, my the game went into a cutscene that had no sound.  When the cutscene came to an abrupt end, I was treated to a beautiful desert landscape - but I was unable to move or do much of anything.  A simple restarting of the game and selecting a different server had me on my way.The game is of typical survival-faire, but more narraritve driven.  I'm not all-too familiar with the Conan universe, but I did sink many hours into Age of Conan, another Funcom game, several years ago.There are balancing issues, please be warned.  I had built a little shanty built from sandstone near in a nice plot of land; a beautiful oasis.  Life was good -- until someone shot ~3 arrows at my door, completely breaking it down.  Luckily, I was able to position myself to bludgeon my attacker down.  After a few moments to catch my breath, more baddies came and razed my humble abode.  Such is the way of things.Controls are fine and are exactly what you expect.  I experienced a bit of rubberbanding, but nothing to make the game seem unbearable.  Hit detection seems pretty fair, but I did manage to decapitate a poor woman assailant with my bare fists.  It was awesome.  Oh, you can break walls with your fists if you're persistent enough.  Takes around ~1 minute.  Pickaxes don't seem to have the same effect (see balancing above).I don't have the best machine in the world, but the game was running smoothly with everything cranked up, getting ~60 or so frames consistently.  Looks very good with a g-sync monitor.  There are FoV sliders, so yes, you can look down and check out your tiny little guy if you'd like.i7-6700k @ 4.432GB DDR4Asus STRIX 980 tiOne of the biggest turn-offs for me, and will likely be resolved in the future, is lack of Linux support for dedicated servers.  It's /very/ easy (not to mention -tons- cheaper) to spin up a Cloud instance somewhere with your flavor of *nix, and go to town.  Custom, dedicated servers are where games like this shine.  Again, this is merely a turn-off and I'm sure Funcom intends to give us the tools in the future.I'm not a fan of giving developers the 'early access excuse' for games, but Funcom seems to be very attentive to the communities wants and concerns.  Expect some instability.  As it stands now, and I have nearly 2 hours vested into the game, I'm enjoying it.  I believe the pricepoint is fair.  If you're on the fence, check out a few streams on Twitch, it's one of the most popular games being streamed right now.  I can see myself casually popping in and playing for an hour of two.Recommended."
,Recommended,440900,29627612,Posted: 1 February,all,Ragtime Roast Beefelweefs,"I usually avoid writing reviews so early in a game's life cycle, or with such short playtime. However I feel many of the reviews are bias and would like to share my (short) in game experience.I am very, VERY happy to report this is exactly everything I was expecting. The trailers made it out to be a combination of many survival games over the past three years, but with some nice little twists. It's important to note that the environment is VERY deadly. I am pleased that it's not just players, that there are creatures that do not hesitate ruining your day. To me this is a first in the survival genre, the amount of threat you are under from NPC's as soon as you spawn is almost overwhelming.I've died five times, having not seen a single player. The first time I spent too much time at spawn looking at shiny things and died of thirst. The second time I ran straight into a bandit camp (They cut my head off). The third time some turtle/dog jumped on my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. The fourth and fifth deaths were at night and I couldnt see much, only heard the beasts rip my flesh asunder. This game is hard, but not unfair.Performance is an issue but that is to be expected with Early Access. I'm aware people can't see servers and of some of the structure placement issues are questionable but so far I'm very impressed. This game has the potential to be one of the greatest survival games and I believe that is because of it's heavy reliance on non typical survival game elements.My verdict: With technical issues aside this is a fantastic survival game that adds new twists on the typical formula. (Gods, NPC threats, NPC structure defenses, dungeons)-EARLY ACCESS-DO NOT EXPECT COMPLETE PRODUCTYOU ARE BUYING DEV TEAM COFFEE WHEN YOU PURCHASE EARLY ACCESS.KNOW WHAT YOU ARE BUYING, BE A GOOD CONSUMER."
,Not Recommended,440900,29901063,Posted: 13 February,all,Aleksa,"Here's what I can say after playing on a 2X gather & XP server for about 100 hrs:First, here's the good:* There is a wide variety of wild life, most of which poses an actual threat. Fighting various types of animals and dealing with the effects they might have on your character is entertaining.* The sandstorms are a neat idea (although they currently do no harm.)* The nights are truly dark. Food spoils over time. Water is hard to come by in certain areas and you have to gather materials in order to build a well. You can get poisoned (even severely) or crippled. All in all - you constantly have to find ways to survive.* The graphics are pretty sweet-looking for an alpha game...Now - the bad:* There are a bunch of glitches and lag. I guess that comes with most, if not all survival games in alpha. So be prepared to deal with stuttering, getting teleported, annoying glitches, even losing X amount of things you gathered/built because the server you play on crashed and had to be rebooted/reverted. (The server I played on was US based, capped at 70, but typically had no more than 40 people on and got restarted multiple times per day. That didn't help much with the lag.)* The current clan system needs work. Once someone is in your clan, they gain access to all of your bases and loot rooms. There are no codes on the doors and no availability for separate rooms. That could lead to potential problems with ""recruits"" or griefers.* You are unable to upgrade building structures directly (the way you can do it in Rust.) You have to break whatever you built and replace it with a higher tier structure.* I reached level 50. I am currently the highest level player on the server (according to its admin) and as such - the only one able to summon one of the Gods. I already have a tier 3 shrine and the priest required. So I can basically summon a God for 80 seconds and squash any base on the server that my heart desires - even ones that multiple people have spent hundreds of hours constructing & upgrading. That really seems highly unfair and turns the game into ""who can grind the most and the fastest.""* There are unraidable designs. You can simply build on top of a high cliff, cover it with foundations, so that nobody can build anywhere near its foot/slopes... then destroy 2 sets of stairs every time you log off. Voilà - nobody can get to your stuff up there. No need to even build a base.* Fights are entirely based on time spent playing the game. They are not skill-based. Whoever has put more points in vitality and in strength wins.* There are currently no official servers. (Yes, I am aware that the DEVs are working on making such servers available.) But as of right now, everyone is forced to play on private servers and deal with admins' odd rules, favoritism, spawning random players stuff and so on.* Dragons drop a random amount of dragon blood, needed in order to make dragon powder, which is needed for creating explosive jars (for raiding.) Once you kill a dragon, you may get 2 or you may get 60... meaning you might walk away with enough for 1 explosive jar or 30 of them. Having killed quite a few of these, I can tell you that the size of the dragon does not determine how much dragon blood you end up getting out of harvesting its corpse. It's based on sheer luck.* You can only place down 1 bedroll (one-time use) or 1 bed (multiple uses.) Sometimes, your bed would glitch... and you'd find yourself respawning all the way down South. I hope that you enjoy running around naked for 20+ min. if you've chosen to base elsewhere.Overall - the game is entertaining and provides a nice distraction... for a little bit of time. After that, it gets repetitive. The grinding is real. And so is the lag."
76561198004014553,Recommended,440900,34241641,Posted: 14 August,all,evil_joe,"This dev team has been very atypical of Funcom.  The support and development for this game continues and they regularly churn out updates as this game gets closer to full launch in 2018.  So far they haven't overshot their stated goals which lends credibility to the ones that remain (purge system, city life, sorcery, mounts, a third map expansion, etc.)  The game gets better and better.  Right now it is one of if not my favorite survival game (I have over 2k hours in Ark).  If you like survival games and don't mind EA get this.  If you are impatient, rant and scream about games being POSes.  Read no further, friend, this is not for you (although I don't know what is these days with almost everything being EA).  Perhaps come back after launch in Q1 2018."
76561197970371516,Recommended,440900,29677782,Posted: 3 February,all,Mavor,"Its like ARK, only without dinosaurs, without torches that need fuel (THANK GOD), without alot of the little nickpicks I personally had with ARK. Dont get me wrong, I like ARK, but CE feels more refined - and the lack of giant carnivorous animals every 10 feet lets you explore much further in, much sooner into the game.Its Conan. Nuff said.Its EA. There are some bugs, some placeholders, some unfinished stuff. It may feel empty to some. These things are to be expected from an EA title and anyone who does a 'review' based on them isnt doing anyone any good.Yes, the official servers are no more - if you read up on it you will come to understand that the server provider did not have the assets available to keep up with the unexpected demand. Funcom and said provider have mutually parted ways and Funcom is seeking a stronger provider for the official server banks. Meanwhile there are thousands of unofficial servers to play on - or, you can take a little time and set up your own, its pretty easy if you know your way around a computer and a little networking.Overall, me and mine are enjoying the game. It has massive potential and already feels more polished than most EA games at release. Really looking forward to the future of Conan Exiles."
76561198054141070,Recommended,440900,29748711,Posted: 6 February,all,ProjectSteve-o,"After about 90 hrs of gameplay I would still recommend this game, For only a week alot of work has already been put in the game and shows the team is working hard to complete/fix bugs within the game. Theres alot of work that still needs to be done but what is already there the game is enjoyable and if you havent played early access games there are some bugs that might frustrate you but thats to be expected because it is not complete. I've played rust 1400hrs + and 400 hrs on Ark. I see alot of salty people saying they ripped off ark, the game doesn't have the same feel as ark, if played correctly you can level quickly in alot of similar fashion and some of the ui have some similarities  But throughout history that its what we do, for example the engine. We take an idea and make adjustments to make them our own or just better. This is a great game and on some servers be just as savage as rust. It fits the time period I feel and can see why some people don't recommend it. It never feels good to lose everything you worked for. So if your soft and wanna play solo there is an single player/co-op that you can still play with friends. If you've felt hesitant to try the game from reviews saying its just a rip off ark I'm here to say Try it for yourself its worth every bit of 30$ its early access you know what to expect. There's alot of potential and can't wait to see this game completed."
,Recommended,440900,29728170,Posted: 5 February,all,skullripper,"Conan Exiles is a survival game very much like the others in the genre, were it differs from the others is it seems to focus on the player, you ability to build and think on the move.Fighting is no joke the wrong moves means death there's no big dino to save you or fight for you, there's no hidden guns you can pull out and surprise kill people, its armed hand to hand combat your skill against theirs, if your out numbered you better hope you got enough stamina to get away.the environment is unforgiving, beautiful and Harsh , every thing seems to wants to kill you animals, people, other player and if they don't there is something next to them that does.There are no quest, no one is going to hold you hand, telling you what to do, were to go, that's all up to you . Learn the recipes, gather the mats and try to stay aliveI love the Game, I love the universe the game has a along way to go before all the bugs and issues are sorted but it is Early Access the game is not finished yet, Funcom seem really dedicated to making Conan Exiles a great game and with good bug reporting and support from the players in this E.A. phase of development it will be.Its only been 5 days there has been host of patches and bug fixes, its good to see that Funcom is working hard to get things fixed, they have even dropped the server provider because it wasn't delivering the standard of service Funcom expected, all of this fills me with great confidence that when the game is finely finished it will be amazing!!"
76561197970429767,Recommended,440900,29690808,Posted: 4 February,all,*Gen*HeroCrusher,Crush your enemies. See them driven before you. Hear the lamentations of their women.
,Recommended,440900,32173116,Posted: 4 June,all,cooperftw,"Admittedly, at the time of writing this I haven't got a lot of game time up. I bought the game months ago to support the development as I thought the premise and potential is there. I didn't really have any intentions in playing it until it was developed further. I decided to fire it up with little expectation for it to be any good in Early Access and I was quite surprised. It has a different feel to ARK, Rust and Tree of Life (3 most comparable games I've played). Kinda darker and more brutal but I'm slowly surviving longer and longer between deaths.What can I say, I'm having much more fun than I expected and happy with my purchase. I look forward to seeing Conan Exiles develop and realise it's potential. If you're a survival games fan, do check this out.Edit: I'm now 25 hours in and I've actually fallen in love with it. It's the most polished 'Early Access' survival title I've played, especially at launch. Few bugs here and there but not nearly as many as others. I'm all in."
76561198039691230,Recommended,440900,29641801,Posted: 1 February,all,DarkSaberZero,"Disclaimer: I don't really play online multiplayer in general. If I want to play with friends then I will create a co-op server. However, I cannot comment on Conan Exiles online features as I will likely never experience them.First of all, Ark is a great game and I've played it about 200 hours. Ark is the obvious comparison to Conan Exiles and is also the most similar game to Conan Exiles that I have played.That said...Ark developers (whom are fantastic nonetheless) seem to favor adding new content rather than spending time refining gameplay. In just my first few minutes of Conan Exiles, it became apparent just how much more intuitive the basic gameplay is over Ark.The inventory user interface manages to fit everything on one screen except for skills. Skills have a seperate menu, however, inventory items and craftables are on one page. Ark is annoyingly clunky when trying to select a craftable.Also, if there are any free spots in your hotbar in Conan, then newly crafted items will automatically fill the next spot in the row. In Ark, I would have to make the item, then drag it onto my hotbar. Very minor, but I don't like spending unnecessary time in menus.Also, hugely important are the default player stats. When you make a character in Ark, the default encumbrance, stamina, health, and just about everything are confoundingly poor. Your character can't survive a two-foot fall. You can't run 50 ft without needing water, food, and a nap. While stat drain and everything CAN be tweaked manually, default levels SHOULD be reasonably balanced.In Conan, I was able to immediately start playing the game. I could run a reasonably long time without needing to take a rest. It is reasonable to be able to run just long enough time to escape a predator or similar situation at a default level. In Conan, I can survive a 5-10 foot jump without injury, just like real life. In Ark, a ten-foot drop is almost certain to be deadly, even at higher levels.There are many slight annoyances in Ark that, individually don't bother me too much, but I frequently experience the perfect storm of BS that makes me want to just shut off the game.The Conan Exiles developers seem to care a lot about creating solid gameplay first and I appreciate that. I don't have very much time in the game yet, but my experience has been very positive so far.p.s. I don't mean to rag on Ark, but it's THE comparison game. There is room for both Ark and Conan Exiles in my favorites list."
76561198146173905,Recommended,440900,29599954,Posted: 30 January,all,JRohl44,"EDIT: When I posted this review yesterday a few people pointed out that it wasnt much of a review so here's the review.NEW ReviewThis game shows a lot of promise. It has an interesting world with interesting lore. There are human and animal NPC's to fight with but as of right now, the servers are so in and out and that the NPC's pose no real threat. They either stand idle and allow you to hit them dead or run every which way only occassionaly dealing damage. IHowever I have complete confidence that the developers care about their game and are consistently working to fix issues. As of right now I have no problem with the 30 dollar price tag. There is more than enough functionalPro's- Fun and interesting map-A story that pushes you to explore more of the map-Easy crafting and building interface-The option to pick your playstyle and join servers that share your interest. Ex. Relaxed or Kill or be killed-The option for complete nudity. That's definitely a plusCon's-As of now there are still plenty of bugs-movements can at times feel a little clunky-Decent, but not great graphics on ultra settingsOLD ReviewI will start with the obvious. It JUST released on early access. You're literally playing a game that is not finished. Does it have issues? Absolutely it does. But what are you expecting? I enjoyed the short time I got to play it tonight and just wanted to make this short review to try and dilute all the bad ones. If you don't want to play an unfinished game then don't get it. But if you are okay with playing an unfinished game and still having fun with it, maybe helping by giving feedback and making it better. Don't just wtote it off, it deserves better than that."
76561198089507979,Recommended,440900,32147329,Posted: 3 June,all,A Random Newbie,"Was worried about buying after seeing so many ""gaem ded lulz"" posts etc but am very GLAD I ignored them and purchased anyways. Have put about 50hours into the game so far an have been LOVING every minute of it. Great EA game!"
,Recommended,440900,30904296,Posted: 2 April,all,Redroverone,"WARNING UP FRONT - The recommendation is qualified. If you're a person who needs a 90-100% stable game of this type to play, this game is not for you. This game is in an unfinished state and will be for quite some time as they refine the code and add features. There will be lag issues, and there will be exploits if you're brave enough for the public servers, and there will be glitches.Now, to the review.Being the fourth survival/crafting type game I've owned, and being radically different from the other three, I can't compare it to other games such as Rust and ARQ. I can say that it does evoke the setting quite well even in this early form. The addition of the ability to (let's not sugarcoat it here) raid NPC villages, kidnap NPC's, and eventually put them working in your base as slaves is an interesting twist. The crafting system seems deep for a game in Early Access, if a bit confusingly laid out as it stands right now. NPC combat interactions are pretty good, as they will actively attempt to flank shield using characters. Constructing buildings is it's own headache at times, with random wall facing and graphics issues. Graphically, the game is pretty, but for interests of stability only the highest end users will get to run it above Medium. Even at Medium, though, you'll enjoy the look.Downsides? Make sure you bring plenty of friends - I can't imagine soloing or duoing this game, because the grind is real and very unforgiving. As it stands, religion in the game plays a large role, but that's completely unexplained at character creation and it's very hard for new players to figure out how to unlock structures they'd want or eventually need without a lot of wasted effort. Public servers right now are a complete mess, due to the inevitable exploits and trolling of an alpha game.  ALSO, THIS IS NOT A GAME FOR SMALL KIDS. This is not Minecraft. Slavery, nudity, and cannibalism are all parts of this game - if you don't think your kids can handle it or you don't want to deal with it, don't buy it.Overall, it's worth it as long as you don't treat the largish Early Access cost as meaning it's a fully fleshed out game and you have folks with you. Even at 30 bucks for me, it was a good investment, and I'm eagerly awaiting what's coming. People with less patience might want to wait for a few months and take the hit of the price probably going up as it approaches final release."
,Recommended,440900,29617311,Posted: 31 January,all,Dread,"The only reason most people are down voting is because of a rocky start to the servers but come on these are minor issues that'll be fixed within a week, I personally think this game is fun refreshing and a new start for survival fans. Do a bit of research watch videos if you're unsure. Remember you can always get a refund with under 2 hours play so it may be worth a try."
,Recommended,440900,29617260,Posted: 31 January,all,talon |,"Everything you'd expect from an open-world survival game. Gather, mine, chop, fight, build, talk♥♥♥♥♥♥ get killed by a gargoyle, find a cavern that turns into Dante's Inferno, cross the Corrupted Lands into unknown territories whilst fighting new beasts and creatures that seem to scale in difficulty the further you travel, find NPC towns, kill NPC towns, make them slaves, steal their♥♥♥♥♥♥ pillage, fight with clans, fight against clans, fight together to tackle huge obstacles and beasts, chop arms, legs and heads off, escape from the massive sandstorm, build shelter, hide in shelter, get shelter door kicked in while naked, die..I only see mixed reviews because some people can't handle the performance (which is great on my PC) or they've never played an Alpha before and don't know how to review Alphas. Great game so far, though. Would buy it while it's still at a fair price. This has a lot of potential."
,Recommended,440900,29665692,Posted: 3 February,all,oliy0-,"Don't understand the hate for the game whatsoever, bugs aren't nearly as horrifying as people like to make out and very very enjoyable gameplay, played for 10 hours straight on my first day. Can see it being incredible with some tweaks but for an Early Access that just got released, very good"
,Not Recommended,440900,30831215,Posted: 30 March,all,Xuse,"I've played 176 hours on 3 offical servers and 5 non offical and all i can say is that if you want to grind materials for 48hrs worth of game play to then get your entire base destroyed by chinese hackers or people expoliting glitches after you log off then feel free to spend your money.even with a t3 base with 7 t3 doors up a mountain with all stairs deleted somehow people to expolit their way in, everything gets destroyed and you are back to square one with no way of ever beaten them as once you get a little momentum again they still have better gear and resources than u, even more from raiding and so they raid again.Apart from that, the game is full of bugs, lag, things despawning, broken mechanics no end game content.Yes is early access but i paid for this game never the less, if i knew it was going to be this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ i would have waited till release but feel ive been robbed of my money.This game would have been perfect as a free open beta but as a product its♥♥♥♥♥♥poor."
76561197991165516,Recommended,440900,34279170,Posted: 16 August,all,frankwer,At first look it looks boring because you start in the desert and there is not much to do until u walk into the lovely parts of this world. The game requires patience and you need to learn how to craft things + survive. Once you get into the gameplay and the world you will eventually start to have fun. I have just begun and i look forward to explore more.
76561198101318646,Recommended,440900,29893954,Posted: 13 February,all,Cdogger,Honestly this has been one of the better Early Access Games ive played. With the new additions coming iam super excited. Never had so much fun with a clan and PvE in a survival/exploration game.
76561198017587558,Recommended,440900,29681838,Posted: 3 February,all,Xav,"15 hours in and I think its about time to give an initial impression review.Some info first. I currently play single player, I may move into a PVE server in a month or so, giving the Devs time to fix some of their current server issues. PVP is not for me so their will be no mention of it here.I'm also a patient man and understand its an EA game and not finished - Very important!Ok, the game. You will find a bit more depth below but so far I am thoroughly enjoying it, its similar enough in playstyle to other games I have liked (Ark) to make it easy enough to get into.Upon selecting Single player/ Co op mode your presented with a host of server options allowing me to tailor my game to suit me, which is a good addition albeit it may require a bit of adjustment to learn which way to move certain slider options ( The tooltip gives info on what the option does, and some are obvious as to which way to move the slider, others may not be, however you can adjust them in game) After a while I found the default settings for xp (especially crafting xp) and harvesting to be a little on the low side so adjusted them up to suit my style.Next is character selection which provides the usual customisation options.Then its name your character, see what he/she has been exiled for and you are into the game.Immediately into game and there is no tutorial, you are pretty much on your own, thankfully if you have played other similar genre games you will quickly pick up what you need to do.Heading north I came across my first enemy, well, he came to me, aggro range in this game if pretty far, so if the enemy is facing you and you can see him, chances are he will see you and come for you. Once it was dispatched, I seen some NPCS at a camp fire. They seen me, and after running like hell, I ran out of stamina, they caught me and I died. Enemys will pursue you a lot further than most games I've played.I also noticed that NPCs/Creatures seem to lag at distance, but closer they get the better it becomes. I have no doubt this will be fixed in time.At lower levels the game can be tough, you will soon learn what you can handle and what to avoid. Essentially the further north you venture the harder it becomes.The building aspect pretty far is as I expect with a reasonable amount of structures to unlock as you level. Although once past the intial stone stage you will have to travel into more dangerous territory for iron etc, which I guess is as it should be.I have only come across 2 bugs, one of which was a crash to desktop (clicking on food to eat it while it is still in a storage box, instead of moving it to inventory first) The other was arrow stacks in your inventory dropping to 1 arrow when logging back into game (I place my arrows in a box before logging out now and besides, they are not hard to replace) Again, I have no doubt these will be fixed in time.Combat is simple and as I expect and like it, ie you swing, you hit or if you have a shield you block. I know others expected more, but its good for me.One thing to note is that I think item durability is currently too low, ie things break too fast. So expect to repair items a lot! I'm hoping this is addressed in time.I dont see any performance issues, the game looks good, there is certainly plenty to do so far. Things are pretty much as I expected a game of this genre to be and with time can only get better.A Thumbs Up and good recommendation from me."
76561198042101638,Recommended,440900,29752541,Posted: 6 February,all,grant-evans,"Private / Solo Play review -I've tweaked my server to have slower resource respawns and much harsher food/water needs, Otherwise, the settings are stock.  I've played 3 chars, reset twice, think I'm at level 11.  I'll add to this review as I play more.Overall I'd recommend the game. It is really well done, especially for early access.  If you like games like Solaris or the Long Dark, this is less survival and more hack and slash.  Exiles is more like TES or Fallout, but with less story.  Exiles looks great and has a lot of promise, landing somewhere between a survival game and an FPS, but is overly mild in terms of survival difficulty even with local server tweaks.  I'd prefer a harder survival theme with a skill instead of level based building system.system:windows 10 proi7-4770k unlocked, 3.5 Ghz8 GB Ramnvidia gtx 980, 4 gb, oc'ddriver 378.49Pros:Looks great (running on mostly ultra)easy to get into, controls are pretty basic, didnt need to look up mappings to play.UI is unobtrusiveArchery is pretty cool.Variety of mobs is decent for early access.Avatars look great.I've not had a single crash.Launcher is smart enough to tell me that my drivers were known to cause issues.Character creation is neat.Love the lack of a tutorial.Voiced story components are fantastic.Sandstorms look scary.Cons:Stutters sometimes, a few seconds here and there with some rubberbanding.  Not breaking for non-pvp play.Don't particularly care for the grinding mechanic - have to kill a bunch of stuff needlessly to get xp to move onto higher lvl construction patterns.  don't care for level locked construction generally.Lacks classification or progression tiers for construction - seems like one cant get everything in one playthrough and it is hard to tell that.  Putting construction into specializations like blacksmithing, carpentry, etc could easily show people that you are not going to get it all and need to pick.Lacks a sleep mechanicLacks a thermal mechanic (it must get cold at night, and I'm wearing nothing but scraps)Issues with item placement - any slope in the ground will invalidate placement of the larger workbenches.  Requires lots of foundations, or a really flat spot.Foundation elevation is not controllable.  I'd like to be able to place these in a position at a given height.Some construction stuff doesnt span distance correctly - for example, a sandstone pillar can snap to a panel, but dangle above the ground.Nice to Have:Weather effects (rain, clouds, wind that effects archery, etc)Sandstorms could have some negative heath effects, tearing up cloths, etc.Locational damage - headshots could be > body shots, leg damage could cripple, etc.Damage adjusted - takes  ~7 shots at accuracy 7 to kill an alligator, around 6 shots to kill an antelope.  I should be able to kill an antelope with a well placed shot.Survival  could be harder, I have tons of food from grinding xp to build more stuff.  Water is plentiful and always safe to drink.  Make me boil water else get food poisoning periodically.Skill based building system where creating something unlocks progression of other things.  Say I build 50 walls, by the time I've done that I should know enough to build a better wall.   Perhaps a system where you level each building skill, like blacksmithing, carpentry, etc.. as you level those skills you can ""invent"" other patterns to make using more or different materials.Would like to see some initial stats to set starting flavor perhaps 2 points at creation.Random maps would be cool.. Procedually generate each server, or allow an optional  generation.  That would allow for some great replayability.Thanks for the game.. It is definately neat.  Looking forward to the final product."
76561198066389727,Recommended,440900,34077598,Posted: 7 August,all,Toversnol,"If the settings on the un official servers are right its an amazing experience. you need to get through the harsh reality you get stomped and bullied around a lot. learn to hide your items, and learn how too progress the fastest. also learn how to farm the most efficient. (running too much is a bad thing!!!) calculating fuel per filled up furnace, cauldron, campfire, wheel of pain. the harder the settings the more awesome the game. however. some bases are too easy to make unraidable.also on unofficial servers. most admins are total♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and use their admin panel too raid you. 17 out of 19 servers this was the case. went to an official server after that.besides the bad admin part. I advice too join a quick farming server first. this learns you how too build amazing stuff in no time. helps you figure out how to build propper defences."
,Recommended,440900,29645769,Posted: 2 February,all,Boulde,"Great game so far, the foundation behind what they have is solid, and what they are striving for shows great promise. There are bugs, glitches, and performance issues. These things happen, and can be quite annoying at times. Yet even with those shaky and off putting deterences. The game still has a good solid path for growth.Most of the performance issues I have seen, can be fixed with restarting the server. I have no experience upon official servers. Just a server my friend runs. I would recommend for those who are having a lot of troubles with servers, to get into a solid server, that does a couple resets a day.I have seen some bugs, that can be hysterical at times, and down right off putting at others. Such as weapons degrading at an alarming rate. UI bugs that can range from freezing your stats on screen, to hiding items you have in chests and your inventory; thankfully all of them I have seen can be solved through either relogging, or dying in a pit of Yog which was very strange, as a regular death didn't fix it.Overall I would recommend anyone who enjoys survival games to pick up Conan Exiles. If not for just enjoying the Conan themes and scenery. But for a different fresh rendition unto the the ever evolving survival game market. Try and work through the bugs and glitches, report and denouce when they ignore or make the bugs worse. But don't off put the entire game due to dying and lossing your gear a few times. That is going to happen in every single survival game out there, instead of dropping it off the bat. Get back out into the exiled land and get vengeance upon all who killed you. If you die to a fall, or bug. Go and cover the place in so much foundation it doesn't even look the same anymore."
,Recommended,440900,29700516,Posted: 4 February,all,Blue Fiasco,"I have played most of the major survival games. Rust, Ark (on Xbox One), and Reign of Kings. I have to say that Conan Exiles is my favorite.First off, the only reason this has mixed reviews is because there are server connection issues. The game has been out for less than a week, that is not a reason to give it a negative review just because you are impatient, its a EA game, if you thought it would run perfectly on day one than you are just not very smart.The devs are extremely active with the community. They have sent out constant patches since its release, and they have already tweaked the game machanics from the communities feedback on what the players liked and did not like.If you are a fan of survival games like Ark or Rust, this game is a must."
,Not Recommended,440900,31147843,Posted: 14 April,all,Eternie,Conan Exiles a game to be avoidedIn the past months I have played the early release of Conan Exiles ... Firstly it was cheapish  and promised selectable nudity. ♥♥♥♥♥♥s is a plus ... well sometimes!  I put in nearly 300 hours trying to get it workingAt the start I quite enjoyed the building. Had a great selection of building materials for making bases and I could cope with some of the slavery issues of creating thralls. The challenge to create Pyramids and Hexamids to build in the Conan sand box game was fun.At the start this worked quite well until they added improvements; which showed where you cannot build. I built up to 3 bases and coped with the surrounding Conan issues.What I definitely don't like however was the LAG and frame rate getting down to 1- 3 fps within an hour of starting the game ... also that it chews up memory (RAM) like there's no tomorrow.  It will use all ram you have on your system until everything locks up ... happened twice ... second time ... my computer refused to start. Power supply and graphics card Died ...I upgraded ram to 16GB and an graphics card to GTX1050 an new Power supply ... $880auSo computer runs much better.I tried Conan with the new computer setup and still had 1-3 Fps within an hour and the memory it was using up towards 14 to 15GB.Worst of all is every time I shut the game down ... It closes the application ... but not the process. ConanSandBox.exe that keeps running and keeps trying to use all the memory ...so that I need to use windows Taskmanager to shut down the process.So I cannot recommend this game to anyone
76561198037353278,Recommended,440900,32765500,Posted: 25 June,all,jajaqu,"This game is good if you're willing to invest some time in finding a server that's right for you. Some have toxic people, some have no people, and a few are full of really nice folk (especially the private servers). This is a shame, because the Steam refund window is usually too small to get a feeling for which servers suit your particular play style.As for the content: it needs a little more, and some mechanics (combat especially) need improvement. However, it is an early access title, so it may improve (or get worse) over time. The content that they do have looks good and is in many ways true to the style of the Conan saga. Also, the building system is fun, the leveling system is largely okay, and while limited, it's fun to mess around with character customization.Also, floppy wieners."
76561198111251398,Recommended,440900,34264401,Posted: 15 August,all,YuiiBird,"LOVE this game ♥It is my all time fav survival game, not sure how else to put it, it has all th key things needed to make a game like thsi awesome :)102 hours so far got it last year and worth every penny !! :3 ♥♥"
76561198030969334,Recommended,440900,34083819,Posted: 7 August,all,Closet Deadpooler,"I've really enjoyed this game; its a little like Fallout 4 and Minecraft(with a lot of GUI influence seen in the hotbar). There are some obvious bugs and a steep learning curve where not everything you need to know is explained, but the building system is complex and enjoyable and the combat already at least rivals Skyrim's(although that's not saying a lot). I primarily play this in single player and I'm looking forward to what direction the developers take with the Winter expansion."
76561198025710085,Recommended,440900,32699821,Posted: 23 June,all,Bludletter,Love the game. There are bugs of course but it is an Early Access game! If you don't like PVP find a PVE server! Don't rate the game bad because you picked the wrong server type or for that matter game type to play.
,Recommended,440900,29881070,Posted: 12 February,all,CPLWeeks,"As of right now (Feb 2017) It's like 'ARK: Survival Evolved' with full nudity, and no dinosaurs. You can't help but love Robert E. Howard's universe though. I'm excited to see what's in store."
76561197981449628,Recommended,440900,29712289,Posted: 4 February,all,Superfluous Appendage X,"Despite the given early access issues, this game is a lot of fun.  I was not a fan of ARK because the time sink to getting even the most basic structures, equipment and dinosaurs was too high, but this game seems to have a much better balance in that regard.  I haven't felt like I was wasting my time while gathering resources.  Lots of fun."
76561198177718687,Recommended,440900,31859627,Posted: 20 May,all,Coty,"Good survival game with alot of potential. I will try and be neutral and write some of the things that keeps me playing it, also things that the game is missing at the moment.So let's start with the pozitive stuff:- a good building system with alot of options, which put together with some imagination can lead to amazing buildings- a good leveling system which will keep you preoccupied for some good amounts of hours- the ability to enslave npc's and make them work/fight for you- it has some really nice pvp concept, although in the early stages exploiters could complicate the things a bit- i like the combat system and above that they are revamping it to make it more fluid and balanced- the addition of dungeons, quests and treasure hunts which will keep the pve players busy and satisfied- role players are not forgotten also and they added alot of outfits, emotes and placeablesNow, let's get to the missing/not entirely working stuff:- avatars are overpowered- fighter npc's are kinda useless at the moment- once you reach max level and visit everything on the map, there isn't much to do. You can always keep on building and hunt those legendary npc's- some performances issues, especially for those which do not own a high end pcWith these things being mentioned, we cannot forget that the game finds itself in early access and the developers are working hard on fixing and add new things to the game.In my opinion, if you are into the survival genre, Conan Exiles is a game you should not miss. Fingers crossed for the development team to make this an awsome game."
76561198077605125,Not Recommended,440900,31077375,Posted: 11 April,all,mathewsav56,Dont play because full of Asian hackers!Every server i have gone to has been ruined by Asian hacks and glitchers!
76561198383167344,Recommended,440900,34039046,Posted: 5 August,all,ahmadabor,its a nice game but you have to have friends to double the fun
76561198093532672,Recommended,440900,29618133,Posted: 31 January,all,tommygun999,"Just played the game for couple of hours, and I must say I'm not disappointed. I bought it only for single player, since this is, I think, the first 3D non-zombie SP survival game with friendly NPCs available. I always wanted a single player typical survival where I can build a settlement and see some NPCs roam around. This game delivered exactly what I needed.Survival elements sometimes resemble ARK; overall optimization, at least on my pc, is almost good (there were some minor stutters sometimes, but not something gamebreaking — and I play on high settings, not ultra, but with 2K resolution on nvidia GTX 780).I don't know about multiplayer, saw complaints here and there about servers unavailable, etc, but MP is not my thing at all, so I don't know anything about multiplayer issues.During my gameplay I've seen some minor issues, typical for early access game — some NPC tribe warriors were floating over the land, combat feels a bit clunky at the moment in first perspective mode, etc. On Steam Discussions I saw some complaints about hunger/thirst mechanic, but it all is customizable when you start new game (""new server""), so I found a balanced option and had no trouble with this aspect of game (in case you want to completely turn off this game feature, you can do it in admin menu, at least in single player game).I hope developers will make more options for RP in single player, not only multiplayer, and will make an option for thralls to be available to join you as followers in future release.And please, add a functionality for your thralls to do simple jobs/missions for you, for instance, gather some resources or hunt (I don't know, maybe it is already implemented in game, but I had no chance to find it yet). It would be perfect if you could send them on some time-based ""fake missions"" with probability of failure/success (in single player only, of course), to have a clan simulation.Overall, Conan Exiles seems a decent game to me, and enjoyable already. Just needs some polish and some additional gameplay elements. And yes, there will be mod support!"
76561197983056665,Recommended,440900,29860787,Posted: 11 February,all,Drake,"With all the survival games out there, I have to say, this is by far one oft the best of em.It is performing good, it looks even better and has a lot to offer in terms of content.THE GOOD- nice performance so far ( overall )- rather big world with caves, hills ( mountains ) and jungles, seas, rivers, deserts and ancient ruins ... (+ more to come like snow if I read correctly)- nearly perfectly working buildingsystem with working snapping & facing detection- easy but working fighting system, its an easy hit and dodge/block system( all in all )- nice skilltree up to lvl 50 at the moment with some sort of profession feel to it, since a lot of stuff is (or will be) linked to each other.- Thralls will make a living village out of your home, and help you out a little. (not all animations done as of now)- the godly magic is a nice touch so far ) water statues, flesh that lasts forever,  healing ambrosia and even god like vatars later on- lots of decoration Objects already- good hunger / thirst system (temprature might be a thing later too)- ambient is very niceTHE ""BAD""Well being in eraly access game, its more like ""Stuff that needs work and just feels bad/unfinished as of now""People need the understand how EA works ... for real- Loading times of Structures needs some work, not lagging, but taking their time to pop in one after another ...- Renderdistance of light / structers should be higher, or an optional slider for the Server.- some skills are not linked logical, and others are available long before the stuff you need to build said structure ...- There is a T2_Gate, where is the T1 :D ?- There should be a wooden tier before Sandstone, Sandstone and above is quite expensive- If there is noone in the weel of pain, why is there some animation?- candles need to be a bit brighter just a tiny bit- some floating and stucking of objects here and their- foundations need to snap to one above as well, sometime I can not snap them, if the level between them is bigger then one foundation ... but to less to place one underneeth- arrowphysics =! boltphysics ...- thralls should be equipable ...- food spoils to fast / need to long to cook / cant be held fresh, like with salt or smoking ...- alot of stuff need some balancing/updating  but well ... not a focus of the beginning of EA, rather torwards the end (repaircosts are to high as of now for some tools / durability to low / animations to slow )"
76561198005627919,Recommended,440900,29752133,Posted: 6 February,all,Twiggie,"This game has potentional. Not much of an Ark lover, and alot of people are on about it beeing a clone. I see past that. I like this setting alot more personally. You harvest materials, build your house or base, forge weapons and armor, and so many multiplayer settings to choose from. PvE, PvP, RP and so on. Mind that this game is in Early Access, so dont expect the servers to be flawless and unbuggy. Still, even with the Early Access ride ive had sofar, I am having a good time! A tip from my side, if you are unable to join any servers at all, the solo play still runs fine and gives you a good feeling what it is all about. Just mind the crocs in the water. Really. They are sneaky and they love to nibble!"
,Recommended,440900,30043881,Posted: 19 February,all,NobleSpoon,"I was on the fence about purchasing due to the mixed reviews but I'm glad I did. Considering this just launched as Early Access, I'm exciting to see how this game evolves but it's already off to a great start. I mainly just play these types of games to build and explore and though I haven't spent a lot of time exploring yet, the building mechanics have been fantastic.Keep up the great work, Funcom!"
,Not Recommended,440900,31231403,Posted: 18 April,all,LegendofTotalWar,"Would have been an awesome game if not for the cheating and exploits. The Devs do very little about it. Don't play on official server unless you like to wander around naked with no base, which is not enjoyable in my opinion.I built up a strong tribe, had a huge base and tons of resources. Then some chinese cheaters came on and within 24 had glitched into our base and stole everything we owned and destroyed everything that could be destroyed with steel weapons, weapons they stole from our own chests.The game will probably be awesome later down the track, and when that day comes i'll adjust this review. The thing that kills it is just the cheaters. There is nothing you can do to defend against it save be online 24 hours a day. If you think you wont get hit, that you'll just pick a quiet server, think again. That's what I did. Eventually they come and the ruin everything and there's nothing you can do to prevent it."
76561198098636105,Not Recommended,440900,31387483,Posted: 26 April,all,Sawyer1994,"In its current state, I would not reccomend conan exiles. The game is still in development and I am all for supporting pre-released games. However, the game is unplayable due to an exploit allowing players to walk through walls. My clans t3 fortress is wiped entirely on the inside regularly with the walls and foundations themselves left untouched. Until this exploit is addressed and fixed by the DEVS, the game is not worth playing."
,Recommended,440900,29620233,Posted: 31 January,all,BlackSoul,"I have 3,500 hours on ARK: Survival Evolved, so will be mostly comparing Conan Exiles to ARK. No offense :)Yes.. it is a huge copy paste from ARK. And not only the engine (UE4) but many aspects of game like farming, crafting, leveling, building, etc... There's no doubt that Funcom developers played ARK alot :)And yes.. this is Early Access so there are performance issues, animation glitches, bugs, unbalanced items and that combat system is just ridiculous.However my first impression was very positive. Here are some positive things compared to ARK:- Game initialization is nicely done. There is some narration, there is some backstory, there are steps for character creation and personalization. Compared to ARK's sliders (which most players use to create some ridiculous character) this is very nicely done.- Optimization is much better. While it's true that Conan Exiles don't have much content at the moment I was able to get 70-80 stable FPS (versus ARK's 30-40) on my GTX 980. Can't remember when I had such FPS on ARK.- Building is more user friendly compared to ARK's building. Everybody had this problem on ARK where you can't put a structure properly, or it is showing one thing but building something else, or even worse it is destroying an existing part to put the new one. Here I built a 5x8x2 structure and didn't have any of these issues, it indicates inner/outer sides with a label, it immediately allows to put next piece, and so on.- Structures and items look natural here. Structures on ARK look artifical, here you put various structures and items and they just fit to the map nicely.There are however some negative aspects compared to ARK also:- The content. Obviously this game needs tons of new content to catch ARK. There is however this strange feeling on ARK that we have too many useless items and dinos, I hope Conan Exiles will find a better approach here.- Network and performance issues. ARK is not perfect itself, but it has more or less stable servers which is unfortunately not true for Conan Exiles. I hope developers will solve this in near future.- Game's price is higher than it should be.Buy this game if you're fine with paying such a price for an Eearly Access game. Else wait to see how it evolves :)"
76561198006884785,Recommended,440900,34316454,Posted: 17 August,all,Auto,"MY name is Auto.I was an Admin forLoottower.com. We were ranked #1 on server metrics for Conans phase 1 launch consisntently while I helmed the admin team of our server. Our focus was in building a strong community and building a player base with strong personal connections. Alliances mattered. Friends became enemies. Enemies became friends. It was a blast.Conan is a peoples game. IF you can't play well with other people... this game probably is not for you. Social interactions are key. Learning to make friends from enemies is essential. When you allow diplomacy in your realm and mix it into your gameplay... It becomes amazing.This game served as a vessel for us to build something that was really fun while we had it. While some of the reviewers of this game will say that it's buggy or has glitches... it's still Early Access. These devs work round the clock to fix any thing players find that they missed and in a fairly timely manner. A lot of this games competitors... can't exactly say the same.While for many early access has come to mean ""Devs did just enough to get a check and walk away"" FunCom has demenonstrated that they've learned some lessons since previous titles and launches. They reinvested the LARGE amount of money they made off Conans initial launch and Phase 2 is proof that this company believes in this game.And they SHOULD.This games tools, UI, play style and its unique lore offer a fresh view to the survival multiplayer genre that is new to the scene in terms of age of other genres.""It's just another Ark reskin lulz"" -Plebians anywhere.Regardless of how ever people will try to tell you this game is just another rip off of some other game.... that's a really lame excuse for them to give you as the excuse for their being bad at this game and not being able to tell an apple from an orange. ""They're both fruit. So they're the same"".Conan poses to be the biggest, most funded survival game to be.With an established IP behind it to draw on, a dev team deeply passionate about the lore while also LISTENING AND ADDRESSING the needs of its community is something very rare these days.While this game still has some bumps and bruises it's still new... And it's only going to get stronger as it ages. Especially with an active and involved community. Which it has. (But could be bolstered.)This game is best played with friends. If you don't have friends... try to make some. It's about numbers. And overall just more enjoyable with as many people who can all get along with one another as possible.You wanna be a solo? Go rogue? Farm the clans? Good luck. Sure it's doable... but it wont be fun. Or easy.This game is a social survival game at it's finest when you play it in a respected sense. Rules. Rules are important. Essential.I have 400 hours in this game. I'll probably put another 400 in. And another if they deliver a Phase 3 as well packaged and fleshed out as Phase 2 is.10/10. Would be crucified for Yog again."
,Recommended,440900,29807826,Posted: 9 February,all,Need4Bleed,"Conan ExilesI have already played a lot of survival games and seen how they developed and what communities were like.Therefore, I will compare this game to other survival games which are/were all Early Access titles as well.Graphics and PerformanceConan Exiles is not the best looking title out tehre but it still has decent graphics.While some textures look muddy or some models aren't perfect, it has a clear visual rule and almost everythings fits.Due to the fact that this is an EA title I expect a lot of changes anyway.Having said that, let's look at how the game runs on my computer.Hardware:Core i5 6600K 3.5GhzAsRock B150 Gaming K42x8GB DDR4 Hyper X FuryEVGA GeForce GTX 760 2GBSettings:All Medium(Textures high)No AANo VSync1080pFramerate:In most cases the game keeps an avg. framerate of 35-60 FPS.This is okay because my GPU is really old and the game has a lot of details.RAM Usage:The game typically uses about 4-6GB of RAM on my computerCPU Usage:The CPU isn't challenged that much, all CPUs of 2010+ with 2 Cores will probably handle this game well.Loading Times:Horrible. Maybe watch some conan movies while waiting.This is probably a server issue as singleplayer loads way faster.FeaturesConan Exiles is a classic surival experience, but with lots of interesting features, other games failed to deliver.Classic surival stuffTurn versatile NPCs to slavesBoss NPCsGoreSome RPG elementsReligions and different races that influence your character(I guess this is WIP)Great Character EditorSummon godsMultiple Server modes reaching from RP to hardcoreEpic soundtrack and immersive worldBugsEven this game is at a very early stage of development it is already a joy.Of course there a million of small bugs, but almost none of them is a game breaker.+There a only a few critical bugs.But the developers are doing an amazing job!The game gets patched almost every day, sometimes even two times per day.They work really hard on it and that's somethign we haven't seen in so many other EA games.(DayZ,Reign Of Kings,Out Of Reach, ARK).Of course these games are good as well and get updates, they are not really comparable to CE.FunCom focuses on improving what they have now, while above games' devs added useless features before they even fixed the game.(ARK performance, anyone?)CommunityThe community is just amazing.Many people here have switched from other survival games.I have talked to dozens of player already and almost everyone said that they really love what the community is like.I'm a gamer for so many years now and believe me:I HAVE NEVER SEEN SUCH A NICE COMMUNITY. EVER!When I first joined a server I started as a total noob.At this point I haven't read any guide etc.I totally knew nothing about the game.After some time another player walked by.I prepared my bare fists for a fight, knowing I could never win.But what happened next was amazing.He asked me if I needed anything and dropped me some tools, foods and many other things.He just gave it to me.And it wasn't the only time a player helped me out.The community is awesome.ConclusionThis game has so much potential and the devs are doing an amazing job.If you like suvival games and want something special, buy this game.It is totally worth it.Also, you support devs who really deserve support.Because this is an EA title, I will not include bugs/technical issues in my final ratingRating : 9/10"
,Recommended,440900,34297529,Posted: 16 August,all,GrayFall,"Conan Exiles is a fun, surprisingly deep survival-crafter-builder game with a lot of fun, interesting mechanics like thralls and climbing. There's still a lot to be desired, though, like mounts, magic, and animal taming, but there are plans to implement those in the future according to the Funcom survey's I've taken. Additionally, they just released the Frozen North expansion, easily a $10 expansion most other games would charge for, FOR FREE!TL;DR: This game is fun in it's current state, with so, so much more potential in the future. DLC-level expansion just got released for free, but there are, of course, some things I'd change and some bugs to work out. Great game from developers that really pay attention to the player base."
76561198309546490,Recommended,440900,32753208,Posted: 24 June,all,Scumbeard Joe,"Really fun game with small bugs, however it's early access and fun com is releasing updates and bug fixes constantly to keep the game entertaining. I would recommend this game if you enjoy rust or any other base building game with complex crafting and PVP or even role play."
,Not Recommended,440900,31121978,Posted: 13 April,all,Allurapre,"At this time I can not recommend this game.  Yes this game is early access and bugs are to be expected. The majority of the games in my steam library are early access as I like to support devs in this way.The difference between this game and the other EA titles in my game library is that the other games fix exploits ASAP. They will also ban known cheaters immediately, especially when proof is provided. As far as I can tell Funcom could care less about cheaters or know exploiters.Yes I realize it takes awhile to hunt down and squash bugs/exploits, (didn't I just say I play alot of EA games?), but how long does it take to ban someone when I know people who have sent video of the cheaters?It's really sad that the game is in this state because I love the game! What I don't love is people constantly using exploits/cheats to undo hours of work.  I have no problem with getting raided if the people involved are not cheating. However when I log on to find all my items and crafting stations gone and not a single door has been broken, then enough is enough.So long and short of it, imhop, until the devs start banning these people and working harder on fixing the exploits DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! Especially when your paying almost full price for it."
76561198145202369,Recommended,440900,34658509,Posted: 1 September,all,Samus,"Brilliant, Awesome, out of this world. I'm a long year player of Age of Conan (Unchained) and now a devoted player of Conan Exiles.Thx Funcom / Conan Team"
76561198070369506,Not Recommended,440900,29602772,Posted: 31 January,all,Marhax [DK],"as of launch day:As a hardcore loving survival gamer I had poor/medium experience, frustration and annoynceBEFORE buying :NEVER forget it's Early Access! So the Review is ofc at it's current state.Rubberbanding, rubberbanding.. aaand rubberbanding. (your character kinda gets thrown back all the time)Issues with lag, serious issues.Trouble with placement of e.x Campfire.VoiP is terrible, absolute trash at this point. Chances of understanding eachother depends on the lag. and with the current lag.. yeah.. NO.Wierd AI, feels like it wants to kill you, but then have a sever brainfart making it just look at you for seconds before hitting. Completely destroyes the rush of fightingCharacter movement feels wierd and weak.Ressources feels like they were meant for big groups, not for the singleplayerunable to track friends or see enemy from friend. You have to get close to actually see the nametag. You also have friendly-fire on, so be careful around your pals.At serverlist make sure to have patience, for some people the list trakes awhile to actually load after hitting refresh.You level quicker by killing animals/kiters, than killing NPC warriors, players and monsters (some monsters grant you a lot like spiders, rest.. Meeh..)PVP is hard due to the rubbering and lag, you'll se players fly all over the area incl. the mobs.Pro's:lovely atmosphere in the game - Ohh my Immersion!Graphics are not top, but fits the world.full nudity so our kids can learn what life is all about.lots of world to see and exploreeasy to learn and playRecommend: 3.0/10 - therefor the ""Not recommended""In order to enjoy the game at this state, you need a lot of patience and acceptance of the early state otherwise you WILL regret your buy."
76561197985416629,Not Recommended,440900,31210598,Posted: 17 April,all,TrueShot,"I had fun with this game for a full week until my base got exploited for the 5th time. This game is in early access so bugs are expected but certain players from a particular region seem to see that the only way to have fun in PvP is to wall hack, door hack, foundation hack, fly hack and (you name it hack) into your base and destroy and loot everything. Looting player built bases is far too easy compared to how much time is required to build the various components. Frustrated local players end up shouting abuse and racist comments in global chat at these exploiters which make the community and gaming experience absolutely toxic. Region lock should be implemented on servers ASAP."
,Recommended,440900,29686605,Posted: 3 February,all,Rawr,"All the people making dumb reviews just need to stop buying EA games, and learn what progressive development is.The reason all of the official servers are down is because Pingperfect, Funcoms partner, failed to live up to their promises and couldn't provide quality servers for CE... it's not Funcoms fault,  so give them a break.The reason most of the servers are lagging is because most people are running the game server on shared systems (ie. Pingperfect) and they can't handle the load.  I've been running a server since it came out and there's 0 rubberbanding because I run it on a dual xeon dedicated server, so stop blaming the rubberbanding all on Funcom/CE as it's mostly from inadequate server equipment.As for the game itself... it's buggy, sure, but that's to be expected in early access especially since it just released.  However, the game is very fun and shows a LOT of potential as long as Funcom delivers quality patches, often."
,Recommended,440900,30066602,Posted: 20 February,all,Shazzywuzzy,"Good game, give it time to improve. Devs are active and the core game expereince is fun if you like survival and teh fantasy setting."
76561198159596218,Recommended,440900,31347777,Posted: 24 April,all,supahfly®,"I'm not sure if i like it, it's fun in it's own way, it's like Ark survival with no dinos. It's early access so I won't be too harsh, things like the inventory and crafting gui need working on (imo).Like i said it has it's own charm, I love open world type games, just one map for now though.Hopefully more stuff will be added and fixed."
76561198080381818,Recommended,440900,33491209,Posted: 12 July,all,Elwyen,"Start off by saying, it's a survival game like many other survival games with its own twists. With that said, so worth a try because the twists Funcom has are actually preat cool.Pros:Creativity* Sadly characters are not majorly unique but they are actually very good quality* For buildings, if you have played ARK, it's what ARK dreamt of but Funcom created with less bugs and more streamline* The map is a big and dangerous place with things that attack you and things that can't attack that want to attack you* The map is getting bigger coming soon in August with a new biome (loving the look of it so far)* More of a realistic survival in a way (in some ways not so much but completely amusing for those instances lol)* The graphics for an early access game actually are very well done* Base builders: Most games only give you structures with nothing to put in them, this game gives you accessories along with those crafting stations to make your buildings stand out and more unique (pillows, flasks, tables, chairs, etc). There is a teir system not just for buildings but also those accessories. There is not just one chair but many.* Component building system: Some things cannot just be made out of rock or wood like in many other survival games. Many require wood to be turned to planks and than those planks to be modified with twine and wood in addition (a bit more elabrate but not so much to be confusing to no end). Brings a bit of a game to those just looking to build.* PvP: Some will say it's broken or there are flaws. Each game has its flaws but this one in the survival game genre seems to put a lot of thought in to the combat system (it is also getting a revamp to add some features and take away some restrictions such as an ability to dual wield being added soon).* Cimbing: Not static climbing like the Forest where you need to have a static rope or specific area that it's allowed. The world is your oaster, so long as you have the stamina for it.Cons:It's in beta so take these with a grain of salt and know the dev team is working on many of these.* Imagine someone that has been on medication for taking their wisdom teeth out, the after effect of the dazed glazed over look? Yeah? The AI for some of the animals and npcs belong to that dudes friend the stole the medication that already wasn't exactly the most bright. (This is a hit or miss as some patches the AI is fine while other patches they spin around in circles. Amusing though).* There are rubber banding issues across many servers both official and unofficial. It is what it is though. It's a beta.* The animations of some of the beings in the game are not exactly, worked out yet. Hyena's sometimes run at you full speed....while laying down. That or Funcom has made the most dangerous hunter in the world.* As many pros as climbing has, the hit box for the jump that activates it isn't exactly ""smart."" There will be times that you will not grab on to anything while dropping 100 feet to your death. At other times you will grab on to the ledge that hangs 3 feet from the ground like the water below will mealt your toon. (Please be aware, climbing was JUST added lol). This has also caused me to have to destroy a few structures because instead of just jumping from behind an object after respawning from death, my toon was hyped up on human flesh from the gods of Yog and decided he was going to make his best impression of the exorcist climbing all over a wall strategically to small to be able to get unstuck. Please not, my toon feels much better now.Typical life of a newly created toon that hasn't played before:Make toon, laugh at toon because their ""attachments"" are stupidly overgrown.Cry because your toon has outragously large ""attachements"" than yourself.Get over this downfall and enter world but not before reading your evil reasoning behind being put on the cross for crapping on a statue.Scare an animal by said ""attachment"" than punch a few imps in the faceDie because you ran out of water or foodRespawn back in the desert (still haven't learned your lesson though)Get back to where you were and realize you really do need to find water and food. HEY! these bushes give you bugs that you can eat! Ewwwwww (nom on some bugs regardless).Die because that innocent turtle looking thing just Orge smashed your pathetic level 2 naked toon (worth the humor)Respawn (odds are, still haven't learned your lesson)Make an axe, find sad turtle to avenge yourselfDie*Repeat this about 9 more times until you have learned your lesson well enough to move on*Lastly.... ? After this point, you get to test what you like in the game and not like. It will shape what you enjoy in the game.All this is coming from 80 hours of game play which is nothing. Give it a try, it just keeps getting better."
76561198044173220,Not Recommended,440900,29620034,Posted: 31 January,all,CUFreeze,"Currently this isn't even really a game.  The multiplayer is really too broken to enjoy but I was more excited about Single Player anyway....However, There are so many riduculos things.  The AI is absolutely horrible.  You walk up to a camp and the enemies are literally standing there frozen until you get close enough to agro them.  The animal AI doesn't interact with each other at all.  Everything attacks you and everything has horrible animations.  If you do get attacked just run into the water bc even the alligators haven't figured out how to cross a river yet.....The graphics even on Ultra are below average and the world is very small for todays standards.  The world is also pretty void of anything interesting at the moment.  The animals and beasts do not act alive...they basically stand there like everything else...motionless...until you get close enough for them to attack.I'm extremely disappointed at this point and would suggest not wasting your money until you see a lot of improvement."
,Recommended,440900,30162103,Posted: 25 February,all,AbysmalScream,"As a die hard fan of Robert E. Howard, I've always loved Conan. On release of Age of Conan, though I enjoyed the game... ultimately it didn't live up to my expectations. Conan Exiles on the other hand has completely lived up to my expectations and I can see the endless possibilities with this game! Funcom has up'd the ante on the Conan universe with this game!Sure. It has bugs. It's Early Access. The Developers have been releasing patches on an almost daily basis, which in my eyes is pure professionalism. I have little to no performance issues at this point.  All the games in my years of Alpha/Beta Testing have never been this stable. A lot of people who have already come and gone, purchased an Early Access game, rushed to max level, rushed their base building, and complained of bugs and lack of content. I'm not sure what to say about that really, other than this game is going to continue to flourish and be absolutely amazing! I've already made life long friends playing Online! DO IT!100% recommend this game!Crom laughs at your Four Winds. -Conan"
,Not Recommended,440900,29615658,Posted: 31 January,all,Lupus,"Don't buy it... YET. The Game looks quite promising but buying it now, will get you Alpha Experience instead of gaming experience.Wait several days or even a month or two - otherwise your playing time will be very frustraiting, trying to survive both bugs and ingame threats. Yes it's true when people say it's similar to Ark and Rust, but those similarities applies to almost every survival game. There is progression system based on levels - which suck ballz, I would apply mastery system where you get better while performing the same crafting action.There are full nudity servers, which is cool, coz naked breasts were always marketing symbols of all Conan series.Gathering and building stuff will be a chore, so prepare for that. It will be unique from Ark or Rust, you will deciede if you like to play as an archer, swordsman, builder, shaman (not yet, but hopefully there will be some kind of magic) etc. So... no worries about too much similarity to other games.It's nice that you are able to filter servers, there is place for PvE, PvP, FPPvP and RP players.Currently the main issues are:- it lags painfully- game freezes, optimization is terrible- npcs teleport a lot- crafing requirements are insane- graphics are... well bad for 2017 titleand if those above wasn't bad enough, it seems BattleEye recently has swiched itself with Battle R3.ctum, because players are being kicked from secured servers and even update leaves you helpless.I'm giving it thumb down - why?First of all, to get ur attention, if you are tester and you would like to help FunCom creating a good surviving game, you should buy it... BUT if you are casual gamer who is seeking for a gaming experience, DON'T BUY IT!Seriously it's bad, buy yourself a chockolate, go to the cinema with ur significant other or just try to ignore the hype, coz it isn't worth ur time and ur money.When you spawn in game for the first time there is a note, voice says it feels sorry for you... and from this moment you know, you can't hide the fact that you've spent 30euro on an Early Access game.I hope that in a month or so I'll be able to change my thumb down to thum up.In case I forgot to mention... Don't buy it yet!Special update for fanboys:I'm tired of fanboys trying to post their threats or insults, if you like this game so much, go and play it. It also proves this game is unplayable, coz obviously you have too much time spending it on reading every negative review.I'll say it again, for casual players, this game, at this state is pile of rubish. You won't be playing, you will be testing. Also keep in mind that being a tester is a paid job, so paying for being a tester is a preety bad deal.You are paying 30$ for the game, you deserve to know how playable it is... and Conan runs like walrus having a seizure. As if it wasn't bad enough, toxic part of Rust community is swarming this place."
76561197980900687,Not Recommended,440900,29601226,Posted: 31 January,all,Senor Stabbyhands,"I can't really justify purchasing this game in its current state. Many people are upset about the server issues, but those will likely be fixed fairly soon. Anyway, Conan: Exiles has bigger problems.This game is in early access, and unfortunately it shows quite a lot. There are a whole host of issues that reduce it to unplayability. The combat is clunky and imprecise, and the animations are jerky and often don't play at all, resulting in NPCs and enemies skating around in their idle pose. The AI is utter garbage, and usually spends its time standing in place while you wail on them. Very basic survival essentials are witheld from you until you level up sufficiently, which is difficult when you can't craft anything with which to defend yourself effectively. Crocodiles can't swim.All that said, the game is in early access. As an avid Conan fan, I hold out hope that the game will improve enough in the future to motivate me to play it more.EDIT:I've gotten quite a lot more feedback on my review than I expected, and I appreciate it. A lot of people are mentioning my low playtime, and I agree that I probably should have played more before reviewing. However, all the problems that I mentioned were things I experienced just during that 1.9 hours. I haven't refunded the game or anything, and I plan to pick it back up once it's gotten some updates. Hopefully by then I'll be able get a better impression of the game."
,Recommended,440900,29985084,Posted: 17 February,all,Cwan,Ive played every survial type game and this one is by far the most well done even in early access. There really is no point playing now untill full release because of all the bugs! I bought this survival game because I believe it will go into full release with a real company behind it not 4 guys in a basement making a survival game.
76561198121171176,Recommended,440900,29643690,Posted: 1 February,all,roguereaper.77,I have been playing this non stop since it was released and I am loving it I find a few glitches here and there like a couple of floating rocks and Npcs here and there but that is to be expected in early access games and it's good to see the devs are working hard to fix things and I hear talk of taming and more on the way but all in all right now I would deffently recommend this game to anyone. Great work I wasn't let down with the hype of this game.
,Recommended,440900,31798050,Posted: 16 May,all,Death2Mongo,"Really fantastic game, early access but already very feature rich with very active devs and modding community.  If you can't stand bugs then wait for release but the game is getting a bad rap from people who can't deal with a game in alpha.  The potential for this game is HUGE.  Tons of fun and amazing features planned in the future!"
76561198069979011,Recommended,440900,31850747,Posted: 19 May,all,PsycoJr,"Excellent game, an open world to be explored without haste, with style and strategy. Of course, it needs to be improved with a lot of dedication work, more map elements, more challenges, more things and beings, more elixirs, food, armor and clothes, and many, many weapons. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,440900,29604274,Posted: 31 January,all,Simon1279™,"Well on my system runs @60 FPS without any drop and with everything set on ultra while ARK runs @30-40 FPS when i'm lucky, I prefer Conan graphics compared to ARK because they are waaaaayyyyy more less cartoonish, animations are better than the ones seen in ARK, farming is not insane such as it is in ARK, exc. exc.I prefer this game over ARK, because it is less complex in terms of crafting and farming, more focused on a balanced PvP and more fast paced to get into basic PvP.This game is simply great! and it is just the day1"
76561198035982098,Not Recommended,440900,31290846,Posted: 22 April,all,YupYup,"Many glitches and bugs. Allot of exploits. No fixes.Playet base dropped by 90%Prime time max 3k players online.Servers dead and emptyGame not balanced, destroy weeks of play in 10 seconds by using unbalanced gods or exploits to summon.No new content, only lvl 10-20 while  everyone is emptyOnly content sofar skins/emote"
,Recommended,440900,30279570,Posted: 2 March,all,ANCRON,"1st/3rd person open world, adventure-survival, fantasy game with RPG elements based in Conan universe.I will start off by saying that Arnold Schwarzenegger is my all time favorite actor, and I absolutely loved the Conan movies back in the day with him. There was something primal about them, where there was fantasy world filled with evil and a buff hero with sword on his way of revenge and saving beautiful women. I know parts of the movie were funny and not amazing but it was enjoyable part of me growing up. Anyways.I used to play the MMO that Funcom launched back in the day, I think it was one of the few actual adult MMO's on the market. And with Conan actually being in the game it was fun experience to go through even though not many people were playing it as new MMO's were coming out. Non the less it was fun game and I had my time with it.After that there were no real Conan based games around until Conan Exiles. Even though it starts off as an Early Access game (further as EA), it rolled out with quite good number of features and content for an AE game. I'm not a beginner with EA games, bought quite the number of different genre titles and was burned only once (TheStompingLand). I know many have been burned way more than me, thus people tend to stear clear of EA titles.I believe that a AAA game can be as bad as an EA game, and an EA game can be as good as a AAA game. It also depends how interested you are in the games lore and if you are willing to help the developer.Anyways how about we continue to the actual review, if anyone is still even reading this. :)At current state, Conan Exiles has decently sized, open world, sandbox map. It is hand crafted map with small to medium sized NPC camps and cities. Map is also filled with many hostile and non hostile beasts, animals, critters and monsters. As well as basic and rare resources you can obtain from the land and beasts.Main aspect of the game is to survive, build a shelter, armor and weapons and protect yourself from the dangers. Then expand your camp, craft better equipment, capture and break enemies (NPC's) to be your allies and group up on larger and more powerful enemies on the map. If you play online, you either protect yourself and your clan from other players or the environment.Main aspect of survival is to hunt, get meat, cook meat, then eat it and drink it down with some fresh river water. Pretty much more fed you are, more healthy you are overall and more health you will regenerate if injured. Thirst only affects the stamina regeneration, so it's good to be full on not only food but water if you plan to journey across the land. As of yet there is no weather influence on the body, I'm sure they add something that affects your body if you are in a desert or maybe caught in the sandstorm. Also make sure to remember that similar to real life, food will spoil and eating such food is dangerous.My favorite aspect of the game is building and crafting. There are currently 3 tiers of building block structure elements and I'm sure they will add more at some point. Those are basic Sandstone, pretty much stones held together by sand based mixture and wood. Very primitive and cheap to build, yet not as durable as other tiers. Stonebrick is the 2nd tier, and like you would guess, you make bricks from stone that you use instead of the simple stones in the Sandstone building, that you also hold together with sand based mixture and wood. Last (for now) and the most durable and fortified building tier is the third, the Reinforced Stonebrick. Which is your tier 2 Stonebrick but reinforced with iron reinforcements, pretty much instead of pure wood and sand mixture it is held together with iron bolts and iron frame with reinforced wood which is much more durable than the standard one.All three tiers look different and the higher tier you go, the more rewarding the feeling is that you made something that will better protect the folks you play with. That said my personal favorite (visually) is the Stonebrick tier but mostly I tend to build tier one houses as they are much more cheaper.There are different building elements for every tier, from basic foundation, walls, walls with doors, windows to fences, ceilings, stairs, pillar supports for taller ceilings and much more. Many decorative elements that are not just for looks but also can be used as storage, lighting, crafting or just simply sitting, like a chair. Countless clutter items like pots, metal dishes, candles, banners, trophy mounts, shelves and much more.Crafting in this game is done either directly through the inventory or on armor benches, in forges, campfires, blacksmiths anvil, tannery, carpenters bench and/or by other means.From harvested materials you can make pretty much everything, if you have learned the right recipe. You learn those by spending points you get through leveling up. You also get attribute points you can spend to increase your health, stamina, carry weight, damage with melee or ranged weapons, your agility to mitigate more damage from enemy attacks, your basic survival instincts so you receive more from food and water sources around you and more.If you play in group, I advise to split the roles in the clan, for example if someone likes to gather resources, they can invest more points into carry weight to carry more goods with each gathering run. If someone likes to fight, or be a tanky character, you can focus on health and agility, or if you want to be a heavy hitter up close, invest into large amounts of pure strength. You can be an eagle eye with high accuracy shooting down enemies in few arrows, bolts or throw some axes and spears. Of course you can just spend the points how you like and be a hero you want.Now to my second most favorite element, the characters and the world you are in. Funcom did a really good job on the character models, even with the limited character creation, you can make a somewhat unique looking hero. Male or female, many different races for RP purposes (for now, maybe they will add some cool passives), religions with different perks depending on which one you choose to go with, as well as character customization options. Starting with some facial features like nose, cheeks, chin, etc. Skin color, hair styles and color, eyebrows, height slider, breast slider and of course nudity options (mature game, remember kids?).Playable character animations are great, with good textures not only on characters but also on the world around you. Animations on NPC's and beasts need a bit more polish though, most of them look static and not as refined as could be.Game runs decently on recommended PC's considering there's little to no optimization for low-medium systems. And I'm sure as time goes game will run better. The only issue I've had with the game was intense use of the GPU, that wasn't an issue in other games. Temperatures were so high, nearly to the point of overheating, but I managed to fix the issue with MSI Afterburner's Power/Temp control with fixed maximum temperature.Well this is pretty much all I wanted to write, it's not a game for everyone. If you like building, it's a great time sink. I spent over 90 hours on it already and 80% of that is pretty much building bases and ogling the women shapes in 3rd person which I love (I'm a man, go figure).Here's a little taste of what this game is, have fun and enjoy:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=859951149http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=859057687http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=859963980Also: Stroyent: Juri, best girl! (wut)"
,Not Recommended,440900,29666267,Posted: 3 February,all,Hammerstein,"I now have 26 hrs on record in this game, here are my 2 cents.The game definitely has it's attraction. The strong points are the very entertaining building system, which let's you create mountain fortresses and giant castles, as well as the thrall mechanics, which allow you to capture npcs and use them as guards and assistent crafters (not gatherers currently) in your base.The graphics overall are nice enough, there is a beautiful day/night cycle and the landscape has a nice wilderness vibe to it.I'm mostly a builder/crafter/explorer and I enjoy trading with people and fighting npcs, so I played on a pve server and cannot comment on the quality of pvp.Now to the ugly side - oh  boy :(This game is exactly how Early Access should not be used. In the Steam Agreement EA is described as access to an ongoing Alpha/Beta development process, which adds features and gameplay, while the community should help with balancing and ideas.To me this means that the developers should deliver a stable foundation on which to build upon and currently this is not the case with this game. There are several game-breaking bugs and while the developers are releasing patches at a very high interval each patch that fixes one thing breaks another thing, as if several people just added random bits to each patch without proper quality control or changelogs.The worst part is server stability. As of today several official servers are down for over 20 hours. Some of them are crashing constantly, others are not even responding anymore and from what I read on the forums the cause is a data corruption problem which the developers cannot figure out. The affected servers keep crashing and are inaccessible to the players. In a builder game, this is simply a no-go, because once you dump a certain amount of time into your character and housing, you simply do not want to start over on a fresh server and re-do everything.I enjoy the concept of Early Access, but as I said before, a game needs a stable core and foundation to expand upon and this is currently not the case with Conan Exiles.Combat is also not much to write home about, it's mostly about having better armor and whacking your opponent over the head, hoping that your gear and health pool outlasts theirs. Except for a very rudimentary dodge/block mechanic there is very little here.There is also a long list of stretch goals promising various features and improvements, but considering their netcode and server stability I don't see them adding new content any time soon.My recommendation: wait 1-3 months before buying and watch the development process. It's a Funcom game, in the past they had good concepts like in Age of Conan and Secret World, but the studio always felt a bit brittle on the technical side and this also shows in Conan Exiles."
,Recommended,440900,29625357,Posted: 1 February,all,EyeXombie,"First off, this is an early access game so you won't see me crying about FPS, connections, server problems, lag or any other alpha game problems that are expected in an unfinished early access game. lol.The game is headed in the right direction. It's very difficult to get started depending on what server you join. I like to stick to less crowded servers with harder settings that way it gets rid of some of the trolls that come with these types of games. I notice people saying it's too hard but I think it's the best way to keep everything balanced. I like the grind factor because it makes everything worth something and people aren't so quick to start a battle because they may lose all that hard work they just did gathering sticks. If you don't like hard, never fear because you can start a custom game with your own settings or search through the many servers with all kinds of different setups to your liking.If you've ever played ARK then you'll notice a lot of similar features. From my experience the game already runs better than ARK does as of now.  The game so far has me addicted and ready to play more. From bashing creatures brains in to crazy naked barbians attacking me with an axe, The brutal world of conan is perfect for this genre. I remember playing Ark wishing is wasn't so silly. Less cute dino clothes, more blood and nudity.  This is the brutal, ""realistic"" , grown up version of Ark. I give it a thumbs up and can't wait for more!"
76561198099305594,Recommended,440900,34344174,Posted: 18 August,all,JackRiordan,"I've been looking for a MMORPG to play for some time, but I haven't been interested in any of the current ones on the market. I finally decided to give Conan Exiles a try after watching some gameplay footage and reviews. I really enjoy movies and games that are full of gritty realism and cross conventional boundaries. I'm also a big fan of the movies and books, so I suppose this is why Conan Exiles caught my attention.Here are some of the likes and dislikes I had after 12 hours of play...Likes-The intro is very good, and the graphics throughout are amazing with display settings on Ultra.-I really like the feel of moving around and engaging in combat.-The crafting was easy to learn, and it only took me a short time to become familiar with the different items, benches, and requirements.-The weapons and armor look great. They fit in the world nicely and aren't exaggerated like in other games.-The ability to build houses and fortresses that look like they actually belong in the world is outstanding.-The structures are invincible against certain weapon tiers, so spending time to build something isn't a pointless endeavor.-Giving and receiving damage in combat covers characters in blood. Damage is visible on characters as well.-I enjoy being able to explore and fight AI alongside other players, even in a PVP server.-The people I've met in PVP have been the opposite of what I've experienced in DayZ and H1Z1.-Map is HUGE-The ability to climb anything, even underneath, is awesome. You can also grab the wall to catch yourself if you fall off a ledge.-I can jump.-I can see my junk.-I can see my feet.-1st and 3rd person camera.Dislikes-I don't really like the health, food, water, temp, etc. meters look on the top left of the screen.-As you take damage, the screen turns a bit red and blood spattered around the edges. It never fully goes red, so I was a bit confused by this at first. Now I just ignore it.-I sometimes get a random crash to desktop. I've submitted error reports, so hopefully it will get fixed soon.-I am unable to fill the glass bottles with water for dye making, so this seems to be broken for now.-Forcing your character to put weapons away automatically when sprinting was a bad idea.-Walking simulator. No mounts at this time. Even a camel would do.-AI that will just stand there while being pelted with arrows."
76561198057770140,Recommended,440900,29819427,Posted: 10 February,all,Scalpa,A must buy for any survival games fan/addict.
,Recommended,440900,29736909,Posted: 6 February,all,Kallungi,I'm really liking it. There are issues as you might expect but for me those have not been too much to spoil the fun.
,Not Recommended,440900,30986006,Posted: 6 April,all,Evilworm,"Cool game, but I find it kinda boring after a while. Graphics are good, sounds are good, gameplay okay.But. If you like *patches* that are 9-14gb, you don't want this game yet. I don't like huge patches when they contains only small fixes. Seems like a waste of bandwidth and time."
,Recommended,440900,29787262,Posted: 8 February,all,[Nomad] Sister,"My review is going to be short, sweet and to the point.First and foremost: A vast, vast majority of the negative reviews are from the very early days of Alpha and were posted by people who fail to fully grasp the concept of what an Alpha stage is and choose to judge a product and its entire development team by the usual bugs that crop up during this stage. That said, the team so far has been very good at not only identifying and working on fixes, updates and more content for the game, but also communication and keeping in contact with the playerbase they rely on so heavily.The game itself is extremely promising and to echo many others, it's a mixture of Rust and ARK but also has a lot of its own original content like sandstorms and the way rocks break, not to mention the level of character customization that rivals many MMO's / RPG's out there.There are definite bugs out there such as crafting and AI but they are being worked on and the developers have identified a lot of the more serious, game-breaking ones. Combat is also unorthodox and a bit clunky, especially in comparison with more smoother action-based combat like Skyrim or something, that's really just a matter of taste and the player getting used to it. Right now the biggest thing (as is the case in most early access titles) is optimization, there are some performance issues with rendering, frame rate drops and server lag.With all that said, I've found the game extremely enjoyable and haven't encountered any bugs that have made me want to uninstall or drop this game. It's a ♥♥♥♥ load of fun when playing it with friends and I'm really excited and optimistic about what the future holds for this title. In closing, I'd like to echo what other players have said -- DEVELOPERS: You have a very good opportunity here, you've got a fantastic game in the making and it's on you to make it work out. Don't ruin it, don't betray your playerbase, stay driven and keep adding content and working on those issues that crop up!9/10"
76561198311306842,Not Recommended,440900,31087160,Posted: 11 April,all,Charles In Charge,Come back later CONAN EXILES is not ready for you. I promise.edit; 6/20/2017 uninstalled.
,Recommended,440900,29646365,Posted: 2 February,all,Combi,this game got boob physics!boobs/10
76561198072047960,Recommended,440900,29616536,Posted: 31 January,all,Norvi,"Judging from all the negative reviews it would seem that some people expect a finished AAA-title on the first day of early access. I think that the game has good potential and that it deserves a thumbs up from me. Yes, there are bugs, yes there are shortcomings, combat is not great at the moment and so on, but this is early access after all. If you want a finished game, wait until it's released."
76561198118579450,Recommended,440900,29615689,Posted: 31 January,all,ashshlee,"its been out less than a day and i was not expecting perfection, but i was not expecting how nice it would look, the animals and creatures look great the crafting system is nice and placeables like the blacksmith etc are really nicely designed, there are animation issues with the npcs, but after a quick patch or 2 im sure that will be sorted.people are moaning about some of the bugs but its early access .. get over it.This game has alot of potential so i look forward to future updates"
76561198001647438,Recommended,440900,29599172,Posted: 30 January,all,UKACEMAN,"Don't trust the haters, this game is new and amazing it is early access still so obviously its not going to be polished and alot of features are still needed to be added. But as for ideas, surrounding and gameplay/graphics 10/10"
,Recommended,440900,29615721,Posted: 31 January,all,Halfæng,"-NEWS-Apparently Pingperfect (official server host for Conan Exiles) suffered a major cyber attack launch day. Which might account for some of the unreasonable negative reviews.-REVIEW-'He was a man,' said Conan. 'I drink to his shade,'THIS IS THE FIRST FEW HOURS OF EARLY ACCESSThe game is excellent so far.  Combat feels fun, once you actually build a weapon and are not slaying imps with a pick or wood axe, and is quite smooth.  The building and resource gathering seem nicely balanced for time.  In under the first hour I had a fully furnished (functional items) 4x4 basic sandstone hut tucked back along a cliff near the rivers edge.PERFORMANCEEVGA GTX 960, i5 3.0ghz, 12g ramThe game runs super smoothly for me, 45-60 fps with everything on high.  I should be able to kick everything up a notch to either full or partial ultra."
76561198107656619,Recommended,440900,34701877,Posted: 2 September,all,Goat,"I have spent 35+ hours playing this game.And for every hour I spend playing this game,""I feel a immeasurable amount frustration.""The game crashes constantly. And as a result of this my character diesand i lose hours worth of loot.Dying because of a game crash is not my biggest concern however...""My eyes hurt from this game.""I find the video settings unhelpful and lacking.If there were more ways to tweek the video settingsthe game could compensate for my poor eye sight.If this where implemented I would enjoy the game much more.""This game has potential.""Hence why im still playing..."
76561198023632862,Recommended,440900,29631188,Posted: 1 February,all,BigBossWill,"Dear Crybabys,It's day two of an early access game, there's going to be problems. Get over it. You basically bought your way into an open beta; that's how early access games are. If you don't like this, or don't understand this, you probably shouldn't be playing early access games."
76561197972188711,Recommended,440900,34331198,Posted: 18 August,all,AndyNor,"I love and hate this game. Love how it's evolving, the beautiful world and building in general. The game still has a way to go, many bugs and issues. Still I would say the biggest problem is other people using exploits and simply being mean (which arguable might be the theme of the game). I would recommend avoiding PVP unless you got a clan, and play on fast (gathering) servers unless you want to grind yourself to death."
76561198121601889,Recommended,440900,29661771,Posted: 2 February,all,Peon,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░CONAN░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄ ARK▄▄░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
76561198103370594,Recommended,440900,29699842,Posted: 4 February,all,Chang,I have been through my fair share of survival games. This game has definitely had its fair of launch issues. All alpha games do i really have faith in these devs and know they will get the issues sorted out. Definitely give it a try you will find it has the core every survival enthusiast hopes for!
76561198125205807,Recommended,440900,29607706,Posted: 31 January,all,p2k,"To be honest the game runs fine , i dont have top pc , so i am pretty pleased with the perfomance . The game is quite interesting , keeps you on the edge with the dangerous creatures and environment . it's really beautifull landscape can get you killed sometimes ( me personaly ;) ) . I dont want to compare it with ARK , but my first impression is good . Challenging for solo play , can't wait to play with friends . If you are interested in barbarian style survival  I think you will like this game. Thumbs up ."
,Not Recommended,440900,31122325,Posted: 13 April,all,[GoM]KmZKaMiKaZe,"Game has been out for about 2-3 months now, Devs promises things that never seem to happen... Glitches been out for over a month and their solution is to remove said bug that you can exploit and later on puts it back in without second thought and hey guess what they didn't fix anything...Can't even give feedback on game or devs cause white knights will jump in and tell you that this is an Early Access game and this is expected blablabla... im sure you have seen the retoric before...Censorship in forums about feedback, posts and threads getting deleted and locked when a active conversation is going on.Combat is completely horrible, there is no skill involved. Dodging is completely useless and uses up a looooot of stamina.Main weapons too choose is sword, hammer and spear.Hammer beats sword, Sword beats spear, spear beats hammer and yet they are so clunky its almost random who might win...Level gap between players is HUUUUUUUUUUUUUGE, the top players or highest level ones can keep down a server with few people by just going around slaughtering people.Devs introduce gamebreaking bugs on thursdays (their usual patchday), and then you gotta wait until tuesday for them to introduce a hotfix which sometimes doesn't even work lolDevs communication is poor, their promises are empty... and this is suppose to be a experienced game studio...After this i will stay clear of any FunCom games since history seems to repeat itself and they never seem to learn from their mistakes.Sadly i can not refund this game"
76561198087024883,Recommended,440900,29601685,Posted: 31 January,all,N-}-Mecha,"No Idea why people complain about the graphics, they are completly fine. The game does have issues but its only EA, no point on complaining. I've ran into the random thirst death and for some reason the game will drop 20 frames for 2 seconds and then it goes back to 60. Looking forward to the patches!So far I love the game."
,Recommended,440900,29625367,Posted: 1 February,all,Lynthia,"Really good start from that game.Lot of content, lots of things to do, building system is nice.Don't mind all the EA haters whining about something they don't understand."
76561197983237150,Recommended,440900,30244726,Posted: 28 February,all,Koko,"As you might see by my played hours, I have enjoyed a good enough amount of time in Conan Exiles, crushing my enemies, seeing them driven before me, and hearing the lamentation of their women.Now, I came in with a bias towards this game. Two biases, in fact.First:I love the Conan universe.Second:I've hated or at least not cared about every single Early Access Survival Game I've ever played.Now, on to the game proper.To me, the game is most of allfun. Crafting is simplified for those of us who don't care much for complex systems, and the grind strikes this good balance in which playing alone will make large constructions slow to materialize, but playing with friends will exponentially broaden your power and possibilities. The world has a lot of interesting corners to explore (provided you don't spoil yourself) and for the newer player, many corners will fill you with dread, instantly having you go ""nopenopenopenope"" the moment you see your first serious monster look you in the eye.The game makes a good job of teaching you as you play, and making you comfortable with its mechanics and its rules as you explore menus and maps. Updates have been constant, and communication from the devs has been direct and honest. The game has gotten more stable and generally better every week, as they tweak their systems.The negatives? The stat system is pretty broken, and is definitely not obvious to players. It needs a pretty big overhaul, as people default to cookie cutter, min max builds. Also, the pieces you can build with are pretty limited, and one has to be very imaginative to move away from the basic, blocky house. A lot of your constructions will also feel like they pop out as something that doesn't aesthetically belong in the beautiful world. It's also important to note that the studio has beenveryunderstaffed, and have been honest about lacking the manpower to take on some of the more complex challenges ahead quickly. And the biggest problem is the current leveling system: hitting level 30 is a gamechanger (since you get steel weapons, which can destroy Tier 1 buildings). In most servers a common practice seems to be to race to level 30 grinding furiously, to then eliminate your competition, until the server dies out. Hopefully the process will become more gradual in the future. I play in an RP server, so for the most part I have not been too affected by this, nonetheless.The hopeful news? Conan Exiles covered its direct project costs in the first 7 days  (and they reached their 12 month sales goal in a month), and Funcom has decided to move many more resources into it (which the studio really really needs), and has already laid out its plans for the current year, which include 4-6 Game Updates this year, together with regular patches. Funcom has seen the potential in the game, and is now willing to put their money where their mouth was.I recommend this game wholeheartedly. I want it to succeed, and so, let this little review help in its review rating!Thanks for reading."
,Not Recommended,440900,31156178,Posted: 15 April,all,[AUT] C3rub1n,"To be honest. The game itself has alot of potential, i liked playing it alot, even tho we got raided a few times  by exploiters. But i've overseen that after some time and build the base more unlikely to be raided by exploiters.In the last few weeks, Official Servers have been flooded with Chinese Hacker, which are going through walls, ripping down t2 and t3 with nothing, looting every single crafting - station. It just makes no point buying this game right now, since Funcom doesnt do♥♥♥♥♥♥about it right now. I made several Forum Posts (OFC in the terms of their forum guidlines), and they got instantly deleted every single time.So all in one, the game itself is nice and i reccomend it, but since theres this hacking problem and this unapropriate behaviour of the Funcom Forum,I DONT RECCOMEND THE GAME FOR NOW!!"
,Recommended,440900,29611503,Posted: 31 January,all,Jesus of NAZareth,"I played this for about 3 hours as soon as it was available to play on Steam. This is what I experienced on PVP Blitz Server#11 (Official) I currently recommend this game but with caveats. This is currenty for survival enthusiasts only in my opinion.Game SettingsImmediatly I checked my settings to adjust the graphics as needed. My resolution needed to be changed to 4k and I had some trouble getting it to work. Whenever I would change it to 4k it would make my window for the game small. After tinkering with it I seemed to get it to work but as I later saw all my screenshots were in 2560 x 1440.Character CreationThere was a fair amount of customization but nothing you haven't seen before for the most part. You get to choose Race, Religion (I never looked into the real differences in game if there are any), and the usual face/body options. Nothing too detailed in my opinion (Yes, you can choose your♥♥♥♥♥♥♥length) but better than most survival games I have played.After creating a character you are greeted with a lovel screen detailing your crimes that sent you into exile. These are seemingly meant to just add a little personal touch to the game and are largely seen as humorous. For example one of my crimes was ""Punching a Camel""GraphicsI loaded into the barren desert. My immediate impression was there was a lack of detail on the sand that I was expecting to be there. It didn't blow me away but they are definetly servicable. The character models look pretty good aside from some oddly shaped boobs and butts in certain positions. Nothing mind blowing but I will have to update it when I get my resolution to work properly.PerformanceI run a pretty good system. i7 5820k @ 4.4Ghz 32 GB RAM, Zotac Amp Extreme 1080. The game ran fine (I capped it at 60 FPS) and it ran a solid 60 with 0 framerate drops at Ultra ""4k"" which seemed to actually only be 2560 x 1440. Of Course there was some server issues (See bottom of review)First DeathAbout 30 seconds after standing around just looking at the scenery another fresh spawn spotted me and headed right towards me and starting beating on my face with his fists. I then sent a few punches back in his direction and then he stopped. I kept on punching him landing several blows to his head before he begain assaulting me again. In the end somehow I died even though it felt like I had landed many more hits. I then respawned after thinking my game froze because the ""death"" sequence just sort of pans out and looks at your dead body a moment longer than necessary.Friends UnitedI was trying to meet up with my friend but having no luck. When I opened my map I saw no visible marker for where I was at. My friend insisted there was a yellow marker yet I saw nothing. The reason for this is I spawned so far south I was literally off the map. After going north I eventually showed up and we were able to identify a landmark and meet up.GatheringFor a few moments we just ran around trying to figure out how to get ""branches"" which are just scattered about on the ground. To get wood you need an actual tool as punching the tree just bloodies your fists. Collecting stone is a simple task. Just hit E while looking at stones to pick them up. After we got some basic tools and got our bearings we were ready  to build a house.CraftingMost of the crafting recipes are learned by leveling up and using points to unlock them. Many have prerequisites such as other basic crafting skills and they are also locked by level. There seemed be be a long list of recipes to learn but I didn't spend much time checking them all out since my time was limited.BuildingOnce you craft some foundations and walls you can build your first house. The placing system reminds me a little of rust but I wasn't fond of how the ghost image of where you will place your item was a see through white. It was just a minor gripe though. Once you put up a building and make a door only people in your clan have access to open said door. The same goes for many items crafted and placed into the world upon first appearance.ExploringI didn't do much of this but there were several NPC villages nearby, rivers and plenty of sand and rock. There was a huge wall that must have been some main civilization but I never made it to the other side to see what was there. I definetly lacked on exploring instead sticking fairly close to the spawn point so I could build and learn the basics of the game.Misc.-The first bedroll you can make is made of leaves essentially and is destroyed upon respawn. Whether this is intended or not I do not know. There is an upgraded bed but as of now I have no made it yet (Requires Level 13 I believe)-Animal AI was odd. Some animals would just stand there as you beat them to death. Hares wouldn't even try to run as you approached them.- You can only invite someone to a clan that you see in person. You hold down E while targeting them and ""Invite to Clan."" There was an option in the menu when you hit esc to ""Invite a Friend"" but when clicked it did nothing for me. There was a lot of questions about this in global chat.- Sometimes an item won't appear able to be split into stacks. You actually have to click ""More"" below the item description after it's selected and then choose ""Split Stack.""- When you put a deployable in your hotbar and use it, a slightly darkened image of said item will remain on the hotbar that almost looks like you still have one. If you try to switch to that item you no longer have it will craft one if you have the materials.- I was able to physically punch someones head clean off their body.- My highest rated screenshot on steam was a picture of my friends♥♥♥♥♥♥from this game.-I did run into a problem where I was unable to craft anything. I had to log out and log back in to fix it. Load times for me were very fast, especially when compared to games like Rust (which also looks better as far as the environment goes)Server IssuesYes, the dreaded rubberbanding was evident on most servers. I have heard from some people on certain servers this problem was no occuring for them but I haven't confirmed this for myself. This made some simple tasks frustrating at times but I expect these issues to be resolved sooner rather than later. For the record I live in the US and the server ping for me was stated at 36.ConclusionAfter spending only 3 hours in the game I can say I enjoyed myself. I would only recommend this game to fans of the survival genre as of yet and if you want to avoid some headaches wait until the server lag is fixed. This game has promise and I look forward to playing more and updating the review as needed. This game is EARLY ACCESS. Please understand this game will be making many changes (some possibly significant). If you are unsure WAIT <<<<<"
76561197997548684,Recommended,440900,29675005,Posted: 3 February,all,Allied Biscuit,Games has amazing potential  - looking forward to seeing it develop over the next yearGuys leaving bad reviews it's day 3 of EARLY accessIt is not a finished game at allRead what you are buying before you start crying that it's not perfect
76561198029091728,Recommended,440900,29614653,Posted: 31 January,all,About_30_ninjas,"Hello guys :)I have to say this game has so much potential. It's really a survival game and you have to be carefull not to get killed by the monsters or other humans or other players in the game. You can gather many resources and you can build many things to help you survive. You can go full nude and change the size of your♥♥♥♥♥♥♥(best game ever 5/7). It's fun to play with all your friends, and if you don't have any friends like most gamers, you can just play with other friendless people online :) There are still many bugs (what do you want, it's pre-alpha), but the developers are updating the game everyday to fix as many bugs as they can.I would recommend this game to everyone!! Really! It's the best game I've played in a while :)"
,Not Recommended,440900,33163611,Posted: 2 July,all,Centrophy,"A game with potential but doesn't really do anything different from its competitors. It's also not what I expected in that it seems to be multiplayer focused and balanced around it. There's not even a real singleplayer mode. In order to build even basic gear and materials you'll be gathering everything around thanks to recipes requiring massive amounts of resources. 50 rocks for a few arrows? That's crazy! All NPC's except for the guy from the intro movie that wanders around and maybe the religion trainers are aggro on sight and respawn quickly. They also don't drop any loot outside of a small pile of wood or rocks. On top of gathering stuff for the purpose of building you'll be gathering to fix your gear. The durability system is ridiculous with tools breaking almost immediately. This constant repairing isn't helped by a moderately long load time when opening your inventory. The UI is a mess with recipes not having enough organization, especially if you mod some new recipes in. Combat is also extremely basic. It is so basic that it makes Skyrim's combat look complex by comparison.Oh yeah, it's moddable, though it seems that a lot are incompatible with each other and cause CTD on trying to load into the world. Oh, and boobies I guess, that's also plus. I really want to like this game. As it is early access, I hope they are eventually able to bring it up to par with the beautiful scenery and movies that are in the store page. I'll give the game another shot in the coming months to see what has changed and update this review as things change."
,Recommended,440900,29605401,Posted: 31 January,all,Svenno,"Really impressive performance in this early access.This game is new and its early access, so obviously its not going to be polished and alot of features are still needed to be added.Alot of cool things are planned to come post EA launch, cant wait!Devs are active on Reddit forums and on Steam forums aswell, they do read what people say, and take feedback to create a really great game in the end.On their streams on Twitch, they have said that they are 30-40 people working on this game and will most likely only be 1 year in EA.Keep in mind this company has experience in creating games, this is not their first one.They have had trials and errors before.The Secret World was a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at launch, but today that game is actually really good, shame it was too late for that one.I do believe they have learned from their mistakes, this launch has been good, and Conan Exiles shows great potential to become the next big survival game/PvE/PvPThose who complain of server issue the first day of launch, really need to take a chill pill, its hard to imagine what 14k+ players all wanting to play, do to servers.Rocket League for example was a lagfest when it launched, after some days they managed to fix the lag problems.Also the price tag of 30$ is fair, for such a game like this. most of those who enjoy it will pump out alot of hours into this.This isnt some small indie company out to make a quick cash grab. Funcom is currently worth about 104 million US dollar(Market value).Just hang in there, and the lag problems/other glitches will be fixed.10/10 would be a barbarian againDidnt mean to write such a long post, it just happend, sorry!"
,Recommended,440900,29728044,Posted: 5 February,all,BassO,"It's an early acces like zombie Rust was. It's fine and it'll keep you exploring for hours. It's just got some empty spots and not much in the way of a story. Which is fine, for me."
,Recommended,440900,29604551,Posted: 31 January,all,Primus Palus,"I will be updating my review later on... but I felt like I needed to address a few things.1. Is this game worth $30? Absolutely. Is it worth $60? Probably not unless you really want that t-shirt.2. Is the game fun, is there enough content, and does it play well? Yes... yes... and yes. I pull 60 solid frames, have only dropped from the server twice, and am having a blast (once I got myself a home).3. Is it like Ark? No, not really.I'm sticking with this game and will be continuing to expand my RP community here. This game is ultimately what you make of it, with the people you make it with. Join a public server with a bunch of turds... you probably wont like it. Join a private server with a solid community... you'll enjoy it.On a side note... not sure what the other people are complaining about. This game is pretty solid and leagues ahead of most survival games."
76561197962683383,Recommended,440900,29599897,Posted: 30 January,all,Patton,"Fun game. Start off with nothing on a huge map which can be a bit intimidating, also I must warn it is very easy to die and mark my works, you WILL DIE. Impressive game mechanics and fun face-paced combat thus far and looks like it is going to be a bad♥♥♥♥♥title moving forward with added content. Base building is easy and fun, resource gathering is plentiful and enjoyable not really a grind. Start up issues like rubber banding already patched but you will need a decent rig to run at max settings. I have a 6 year old Asus G-73 and im running it on low at 30FPS."
76561198109617253,Recommended,440900,29613559,Posted: 31 January,all,Esperine,"First off, yes it's glitchy and a little bare-bones. No♥♥♥♥♥♥ It was literally just released as early access. It's not going to compare in the areas of content or polish to games that have been in early access for years yet.But for being so new, it's really good. Combat is fun, building is fun, there's a great variety in choice in building your character, settlement, and skills, and there's a huge variety in animals. Dealing with other players can be a plus or a minus, depending on their approach and yours.So far I've run into three people. The first ran away with his arms up because I was the first person on my server with a bow. The second helped me kill a rhino and camped out in my house for the night. The third gave me some food after finding out we followed the same evil god. Fun stuff.And now for some tips:1. If you're lagging, launch without BattlEye and play on an unofficial server or on one of the official servers without BattlEye. But try to find a server with an admin so there's no risk of cheating.2. If you get hit while using a bow you'll end up with an arrow grafted to your hand until you relog or die. Enjoy.3. Getting six stacks of food poisoning will kill you. Don't do that.4. You need to interact with a bedroll if you have more than one to set it as your new respawn point.Have fun, everyone, and glory unto Set."
76561198128026875,Recommended,440900,29614615,Posted: 31 January,all,ChaosKing,Its a great game so far and I am looking forward to its future.
76561198005925220,Recommended,440900,34363480,Posted: 19 August,all,Shinjo,"Most of the reviews that are negative are people ♥♥♥♥♥ing about pvp.  Don't play a survival game for pvp, its always poorly done.  The survival aspect is great, the crafting is intuitivem beautiful graphics, good controls, solid audio.  All in all a decent game, worth the buy."
,Recommended,440900,29601277,Posted: 31 January,all,Awesome Sauce™,"Game came out like 4 hours ago, people are already freakin out saying it's bad.First off, It's Early Access. If you don't know what that means then I'm sorry... there's nothing I can do for you.The game is buggy, there is some crashing, it JUST released. But it's nice, it's fun.Honestly the BIGGEST issue is how expensive everything is to craft ingame. It currently requires way too many items to craft even the most basic buildings."
76561198040604465,Recommended,440900,34686276,Posted: 2 September,all,[COG] LNEWLFE,"I sat on the fence for a long time in regards to buying this one, given the reviews out there. Currently reading the Conan books, so I decided to give it a try....And im glad I did. This is not a bad game. This is actually a good game. Gamers have expectations of games like Ark, which is an unfair comparison. It is buggier then Ark currently, but far more optimized, even with it being in a lot earlier stage then Ark is. It is not a clone of Ark, it is its own beast. The best way i would compare it is its Ark meets Kenshi. The building is actually better done even in this early stage then ark is, and ark just got released this week from Early Access! The AI of the humanoid PCs need work, but again, its early access. Its progressing well for a game a lot cheaper then Ark.The developers are doing a GOOD job. Dont listen to all the hating gamers. Its worth the money, should it keep progressing the way it is going. I will update as the changes keep coming."
,Recommended,440900,34337590,Posted: 18 August,all,StalkerDA,"So far this game is shaping out to be a good game when it hits gold status right now its not perfect but i love it. I hate it when reviewers say that they cant believe some aspect of the game is not finished while they create a new DLC for FREE!!! and combat and some other aspect needs to be reworked???People that work on creating content are not the same as people that does core gameplay. Maybe people creating biomes and graphical assets are creating them faster while people doing core gameplay are having a hard time crunching numbers to make the combat better, people a game does not get magically done its trial and error and you cant judge a game until its in gold status. Basically Early Access means that you get to watch a developer create the game while you watch them create it and you pay less than full price when this game goes out of early access most probably be $45 to $55 dollars and you can get it now at $19.99 most people dont know that and im not defending them either they could screw us up in the future by not making a game as intended but so far i think they are going in the right direction."
76561198095922415,Recommended,440900,29601647,Posted: 31 January,all,Black Science Man,"This game is very enjoyable. If you played Rust when it first came out, add that to ARK and then add gore and nudity. The open world is huge, plethora of NPC's and challenging at the same time. Pvp is pretty well done and it's satisfying to decapitate other players as well as dismember them. Only issue with this game is the lag is insane on a lot of servers."
76561198047125207,Recommended,440900,29736544,Posted: 5 February,all,Tsitas,"Give this project more time, if the developers work hard on the issues it might shine.For now , its barely playable."
,Not Recommended,440900,29612120,Posted: 31 January,all,Valhalla Awaits,"----Updated 1-week+ Review as of 2/8/2017Well I have given the game a full week of patches and testing and am updating my review. Sadly it still remain a firm and possibly even stronger position of ""not recommended"". First off the things that improved this week. The game did address the cosmic-tier lag the game suffered from, it's now down to ""high/severe"" levels, playable... but fairly awful with 30+ on a even a high end server.Sadly thats all that improved, now let's get to all the♥♥♥♥♥♥they made worse... They added a crafting bug in the first patch that STILL has not been fixed 4+ patches later. Exploits are rampant, from item dupes, to wall bypassing (I had a fortress with 9 tier 3 walls exploited past without them damaging a single wall or door. (Simple exploit I won't explain further. Even though everyone knows how to do it.) Pvp is still a broken disaster with any level of lag, and the game now crashes both client-side and server side constantly when at 40+ players.I can firmly say this game just doesn't have much of a future even as an early access. (Let's face it, sandbox survival early access games have a 100% track record of being abandoned bottomless pits of broken promises, and this is just another casualty tossed in. Which is a damn shame, cause it's a beautiful game and from a distance and out of focus you can almost see a gem of what could have been.Save your $30, and find something else on steam, I know I wish I had.---------------Old review: Launch day.This is a temporary review, and I will update it in a week from now. But I just have to warn people to STAY AWAY from this game for now. It's not just buggy/unfinished, it's broken. Lag in this game is on an entirely new tier of bad. (And I'm not exaggerating when I say it's the worst lagging game that has ever existed to date. I truely mean it.) And the servers are completely unstable. On top of that anyone can crash a server at any time with a button press. (Which means it happens all the time when someone is about to die.)I will however say that the game underneath all the garbage and crap plaguing it atm, is actually quite good. (Hence the reason I say this is a temporary review with a final review 1 week from now.) As it ""could"" end up being good, it just isn't something playable currently. And it hurts to say that, I was really hoping this would be great."
76561198061539312,Recommended,440900,34074908,Posted: 6 August,all,Undercover Bear,"10/10 would Conan again. Nothing more satisfying than the gradual climb from running through the desert after another naked man, with your dong and your fists flying to essentially being barbarian royalty. With the already bloated market of open-world survival games, Conan Exiles stands out with an interesting premise and a setting rife for adventure. With constant updates by the devs, this is a game to watch!"
76561198128305702,Not Recommended,440900,30196191,Posted: 26 February,all,crvuono,"as of now with 30 or so hours put into this game... i wish i could get my money back, at least until the game is a little more balanced. the players make the game unplayable at least for new players.official severs (pvp)- higher leveled players block spawns of resources and thralls.- higher ups farm kill new players for experience/resources.-player level and tools should not affect whether or not you can break some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s walls-pve is the same thing except there is no way to get to them because you cannot destroy player  built things.in the unofficial severs i actually enjoyed the game, i havent had any of the same issues there, clans actually come and remove structures blocking recources.in my previous review i ♥♥♥♥♥ed about getting raided and killed by higher ups, but it is to be expected.right now with how the game is i dont recomend it just because of the blocked spawns, if they find a way to fix this issue then i'll change my review."
76561197981726846,Recommended,440900,29613618,Posted: 31 January,all,BruceLel,"Well... It's ARK, but it doesn't completely suck. I've had quite a bit of fun so far, even though I'm currently playing solo."
76561198022969247,Recommended,440900,29608944,Posted: 31 January,all,Dragon Lizard,"Havent seen any of the issues others are whining about. IMO its just the typical review trolls inventing things to complain about just to bring down the rating of the game. SO far I'm really enjoying the game. Its worth a try, and its worth the 30$. If you end up not liking it just get your money back."
76561198015171482,Not Recommended,440900,35238663,Posted: 27 September,all,🍑Soulberry,"It sure is pretty. It's not a bad game. It just isn't a good game. I've enjoyed the building and crafting, but the looting needs work. It is still lacking something fundamental. A point perhaps. It's like stoneage RUST meets ARK before ARK had so much content. I feel the game will continue to improve, and I will change my recommendation when it does so."
76561198281389706,Not Recommended,440900,30802147,Posted: 28 March,all,Medicine Baller,"This Early Access thing needs to stop. You see a dope preview and think aw nice they must be putting the finishing touches on this! $40 CAD later youve stained your hard drive with a steaming pile of STTT that wont be any good for another 3 years at least. Im all about getting the public to act as beta testers, but FKKK WHY DO WE HAVE TO PAY TO SERVE YOU"
76561197989858664,Recommended,440900,34025657,Posted: 4 August,all,tommynocker001,"Good fun so far. Leveling is hard, but rewarding. Building is quite fun. I wish that there was more customisation for armours, bone weapons, easier groups of nudists at the start locations (they all sport stone weapons are are tough!) and less crocadiles. The AI is a little weird, groups of animals will roam around camps of humans but attack me!Give gazelles areas of grassland to graze and crossing points of water that are infested with crocadiles. The crocs are lazy, they wait for edible things to cross the water, not chase you for a mile... turtles like the undergrowth to lay eggs, but like to go for a swim...Anyway, I paid 30.00cr and have played for around 70hrs which means I'm getting about 0.42cr per hour. Better than a movie and a plate of chips! Thank you Devs!"
76561198147747082,Recommended,440900,30395108,Posted: 8 March,all,Athena,"I've never really been a fan of these style of games but decided to give it a try and i'm enjoying it alot, it is in EA though so there will be bugs and features missing but the devs are working on it a lot, also crocodiles are just straight up evil in this, well they are to me."
,Recommended,440900,29748513,Posted: 6 February,all,EpicMustardSeed,.
,Recommended,440900,29605894,Posted: 31 January,all,KellFromHell (D/S),"STOP and read, those new to 'Early Access'You're going to see a lot of different reviews. Some may have relevant information, most won't.Here is all you need to know. This game is a survival RPG set in the Conan universe. If you want an idea what a Survival game is, go look up videos on youtube about Ark or even Subnautica which has been popular on there lately.You gather, you survive, you build. This game promises a story. It also is more a fantasy game than typical survival games. Plus, since it's an RPG as well - you will find it more like an MMO.IMPORTANT to keep in mind is the EARLY ACCESS. What this means, you are PAYING to play the game in a BETA form.Is this a good thing or a bad thing?Devs use EARLY ACCESS to help fund their developement as well as get long term feedback on bugs. Any who buy this game are helping make it a success.SO, when you get into the game. You WILL experience lag. You WILL experience buggy gameplay. And you WILL experience a incomplete game. BUTTTTTTT, you WILL also be investing in the future of a game you WANT to succeed.Personally, I have always wanted to try a Survival game but none were that appealing to me. I love the Conan verse. I am a veteran MMO player. This game, it captured my attention. SOOOO I WANT it to succeed. Which is why I will pay and play through bugs to help it become the game I sink hundreds of hours in lolIf you are the impatient type or the pragmatic type and only want to buy FINISHED games, literally avoid all early access games. Because they are not for you lol. Add them to your wishlist and wait till they are fully released.Everyone else, see you in game.I will update this review once the game is out of early access. So, next year probably."
76561197993299529,Recommended,440900,29757263,Posted: 7 February,all,Nemz,"For an early access game this is a lot of fun. People whining about lag issues etc. don't really grasp the concept of ""Early access"". Of course, the game is frustrating at times (due to said issues), but the developers are constantly patching the game and paying attention to community feedback. I am looking forward to the coming months of new content!"
76561198255160117,Recommended,440900,29625711,Posted: 1 February,all,Cassie,"The game is very beautiful, graphics are amazing (hair physics need some work) for day 2 of Alpha I am very pleased. There are a lot of bugs that i will report but all in all for a new alpha release its great. Had a few issues with my server not showing up but that was fixed asap. Keep up the good work and keep patching us as we need it.Thanks for all your hard work."
76561197970968622,Recommended,440900,29624428,Posted: 1 February,all,Meateater,"Yes, a laggy, but still fun start for the first hours. A patch was rolled out first day solved the rubber banding issue for me and my little group. We had tons of fun with PVE and PVP. The combat feels real and fun at the same time once you get used to it. Recource gathering is implemented quite well and building is working almost perfect concidering this is early access. I have a 5 yeahr old PC but run on 50FPS and love the performance of the game! I played untill 4am and considering I have to work the next day, ... cant wait to get back! I have to say thank you Funcom and good luck! I allready got my 30 Euro worth of gameplay out of it. highly recommended!"
,Recommended,440900,31848676,Posted: 19 May,all,if2019,"Its a simple fun game, some exploit it - some just enjoy it.  At this point I would not recommend it for a competitive player,  but casuals can get a kick from their own fight or flight reaction.  Mainly survival with no clear direction other than survive and thrive.  Would be nice to get some direction and an end goal."
76561198254566386,Recommended,440900,31882240,Posted: 21 May,all,This Is Your Dead,"very nice game for open world, survival but the game got still some work the do but yeah it s early acces so its normal for a game like that but its a lot of fun to play with friends , am not saying to buy it really got some bug to work on !"
,Recommended,440900,29611172,Posted: 31 January,all,KelleX,"I Reviewed this game when it had just launched on Jan 31, 2017. I now have hundreds of hours in it and I can safely say its a recommend for anyone who enjoys survival games.As always, it's best played with a good community."
,Recommended,440900,29745722,Posted: 6 February,all,⎝𝓢𝓽ℯ𝓯⎠🆓,"I've tried the singleplayer-co po once, but I could not figure out how to play under this mode.alright....where am I?what should I do?where should I go?while I was thinking,an ugly monster(excuse me？a turtle???)came out and killed me.What a funny game!and then,I've tried to hunt some deer for food, but unfortunately I starved to death before I catch them.(though I beat this stupid deer for more than 30 hits)What's more, the AI is so awful .once when the night come down,I was been chased by an giant crocodile,I saw some fire light and some human beings!great! BUT！！ the NPCs ignored the crocodile, and came to attack me. And everyone (including these savages） has been killed by the crocodile.What a feast for crocodile!(stupid humans——by Mr. Crocodile）thats all.A great game.seriously.and nohope for further improvements are coming. 6/10"
,Recommended,440900,29617997,Posted: 31 January,all,Zinryu,"This game has lots of potential. As it sits now, I've thoroughly enjoyed playing Single Player or hosting CO-OP. A lot of people have been saying they've had issues with lag but I can't speak to that as I mostly play single player, co-op, or on a private server with my multiplayer survival games.I really look forward to seeing what becomes of this title. I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys play testing Early Access games. I do NOT recommend this for anyone who can't tolerate some technical issues, gameplay bugs, and lag. If you want a completed game, wait until this is fully released and out of Early Access.Don't be a moron and buy it with the belief that it will be perfect. Don't be that guy that trashes the game because you couldn't connect to a server on Early Access launch day. Breathe. Chill. Wait a day or two. Enjoy being part of the process that turns this title into a complete game."
76561198004126573,Not Recommended,440900,29644708,Posted: 2 February,all,Spoilz,"Nothing we haven't seen before in Ark or Rust, wasn't awful, other than the poor bow mechanics, but nothing to set it aside from games preceeding it., Didn't have much rubber banding issues like others have had.Steam reviews should have a ""Do you recommend this game? - Neutral"", but it doesn't so I'm going to have to go with No.I'll come back in 6 months, to see if they've done anything spectacular with it."
76561198022294475,Recommended,440900,29765639,Posted: 7 February,all,Tiearian,"Bought this on a whim, looked okay, and a friend had it, so I'z like.. why not.Had read a bunch of comments about it being an Ark Clone, which sorta had me worried.(Heads up, I've only done Single Player so far, waiting on Multiplayer till they fix more bugs)Started it up, began to make my character. The moment I had completed my character creation, I knew this was nothing like Ark, It was much better.In Ark, there is no back story, there is no reason to why you're there, and there are dinosaurs (I really don't give two poops about Dinosaurs...)In Conan Exiles, there is a slight back story, there is more story which is laid out on notes that you pick up while exploring, and on top of all this, the premise is great, and leaves a bunch of room for your own imagination to fill the blanks, so that you can add your own taste to why you are doing what you are doing.So far, I'm loving it, and with all the planned features, especially the city building, it cud be my fav game of 2017. If they nail the NPC life-ness in cities right, this game will be among the Top 5 Games of 2017 easily. If they screw up city building, then this game will barely make it to the Top 20 because it will leave it looking like just another Survival Builder game... (The city building portion is what I believe will make this game shine brighter then any other survival game)Some may not think swapping out Dinosaurs for Mythological Gods and Sand; is enough to make a difference.. But I will tell ya, they are either massive dino fans, or don't like survival building games. The Mythological God aspect set in the Conan universe feels to be a perfect setting for this type of game. They are also squashing bugs up, left, and center, already been 2-3 patch releases this week.So, if you like Survival/Crafting games, get this.If you liked Ark, but didn't care much for Dinosaurs, or got bored after you tamed all the dinos, then get this.If you like city builders (from and first or third person viewpoint), and mythological gods, then get this.Edit: Also if you liked the Black and White games, then you will likely love this game."
,Recommended,440900,29599496,Posted: 30 January,all,Camsauce,I can reflect my own appearance IRL by giving my character a micropenis10/10
76561198135426155,Recommended,440900,29614644,Posted: 31 January,all,Syte,"It's feels like Ark and Elder Scrolls Oblivion to me. So far so good, I hope they add more armors and weaponry in the future."
,Recommended,440900,29613496,Posted: 31 January,all,Minoumimi™,i have played 1k+ rust i play the forest and subnautica and subsistence and yadi yada im a addicted survivalistYet this game even with some minor bugs in less then 2 hours Completely Won me OverIt is such a refreshing type of survivalWuv My Barbarian GoddessLove that you can hold loot all day and not forced to spam it like every other gameit looks pretty decent though needs to be optimized but sure it will beI Cannot really say more for now since i am slowed down by my recordings ! i would of played 16 hours straight but ya i need to upload on youtube soo booI realllly Love this game and will be pouring hours into iti Highly suggest this game to survival fansBut i must admit if you think this is like Skyrim or something well it is notIt is a very decent combat system if you see it has a survival game =3Ill update my Review later on but im sure my rating will not change but will be better =3Wuv this game 9/10 Paws of ApprovalMight go higher if they fix the texture bug when starting to record and the clocky combat
,Recommended,440900,29643735,Posted: 1 February,all,Boshean,"Currently, it's not worth 30 unless you auctually enjoy the alpha process. Then get it because there are a ton of bugs, the game is unoptomized, and voip only half works. The base game principles however, are really good. All the bugs are stuff thats easily fixed. The devs are doing pacthes every day, the game is quickly improving.I reccomend this game yes, but get it in a week or so cause then it'll be fixed."
76561198168295073,Recommended,440900,29602413,Posted: 31 January,all,Ashraa,"Its been a couple of weeks so thought it only fair to edit and amend my review.Although I originally gave a thumbs up the lauch was a rocky affair plagued with trouble.However now things seem to be getting much much better and the devs have been fantastic with their communication and updates.I whole heartedly recommend this game, I've enjoyed (almost) every one of the 40+ hours I spent playing this title.Its not without its bugs and issues still but its EA and should be expected. If you're on the fence about buying this then just go for it! its enjoyable, addictive and conan!community seems to be great from what I have seen and as I mentioned before the devs seem very hands on and reactive to any issues and problems that arise, this is alreay a great game and only golng to get better."
,Recommended,440900,29607152,Posted: 31 January,all,Riggedi,"I havent played much, but I'll recommend the game to give positive review.1. Go to kitchen2. Open cabinet where you keep salt3. Take salt with your right hand (or left if you're leftie)4. Pour some salt in your hand5. Rub the salt in your eyesRubbing some salt to faces of all these whiners who doesnt know what Early Access game really is. You didnt buy the game, you bought opportunity to take part in the game while it is in EARLY ACCESS and to help make it better. This is not finished product, stop whing.Repeat if neccessary.I hope this game will be something good!"
,Recommended,440900,34239567,Posted: 14 August,all,Doctor Macintosh,My first survival game. Good price tag with fun building and landscapes. The game is brutal and gruesome filled with nudity and tough fighting. The new patch coming out that releases a new landscape is also fun as well. Beware of getting nuked by gods tho.
76561198039402302,Recommended,440900,29674846,Posted: 3 February,all,Cach Me Outside csgoroll.com,"Have played this game since the start now, and im absolutely enjoying it.. Sure it takes 20 min to get on, sure its laggy and the servers crash like 4 times a day... but you can just smell the potential!  I am totally hooked, and hope that i enjoy it in the higher lvls aswell.  You kinda got to know what you go to when you buy EA.. But they do patch it almost daily and its already improved alot."
,Recommended,440900,29752109,Posted: 6 February,all,Kaiser Gagius,"A good refresh to an overused concept, great (yet buggy atm) building mechanics and really good aesthetics, has lots of potential and still a way to go, but hey, it´s an early access, anyone complaining about crashes and stuff doesn´t really comprehend the concept of an early access."
,Recommended,440900,29603392,Posted: 31 January,all,Stewby,"Good game, its an ARK reskin mostly.   Game is definitely in Alpha, but a lot of fun and has a lot of promise.  it seems like there is a lot of love put into the game. and needs more support to make it great.  Some tutorial would be good, as i spent forever trying to find out how to obtain brick.Only Support the game if you enjoy survival games.  Too many people here are giving bad reviews as if it was a full release of a game.  there are set backs, and bugs... its early access...  If you are ok with Early access , get it."
,Recommended,440900,34319841,Posted: 17 August,all,Typhoon,"The new expansion is pretty good. They have added alot of stuff since its initial release, its finally becoming a game with some good content."
76561197968268183,Recommended,440900,34386859,Posted: 20 August,all,Decado,"Straight up - Conan Exiles is a lot better than a lot of the reviews would have you believe. Yes it's early access and yes there's varying degrees of performance issues, bugs, crashes and a whole lot more - but overall the game is in a good state and only improving as it proceeds through early access. Firstly, anyone whose played it for only an hour or two - i'd dismiss those reviews straight up. These low playtime reviews tend to focus on a few annoyances and ignore the rest of the game.There's a lot of survival games out there, and arguably Rust, ARK and Conan Exiles are the three main ones at this point in time. I've not played Rust, but I've played a lot of ARK. ARK has always had the benefit of replability because of the dinosaurs - and despite coming a long way, you effectively need to play the game like a second job due to the ridiculously long tame times.Conan on the other hand has really suffered from a lack of replability. Once you've built a base, explored the map a bit, there was really no reason to stick around. Much of this has changed with the recent Frozen North expansion. Not only does this introcuce another huge land area to explore, it's also brought in another two dungeons, lots of NPC camps - and probably the biggest allure - loot. The NPC's now actually have loot tables and drop all kinds of items where before they'd only drop very basic materials like stone and fibre. Straight away there's incentive to go and farm them.In addition, the game has brought in a bunch of new building items, crafting systems and weapons & armour. In short, there's a crapload more to do which is precisely what this game needed at this point in time. The thralls (NPCs) are also considerably stronger now - particularly the higher level thralls, adding real challenge to the game. The wildlife is still pretty buggy and in lots of cases dont roam but spin around on the spot, but when you engage them, they're also a lot tougher. They havent had a first ai pass like thralls, but they are now super dangerous. Rhinos in particular used to be easy to kill by simply strafing around them - now they have this circular charge which will smash you up. Spiders are also far deadlier than before - and they were already ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s!On the downside - there's bugs. The update has brought in crashes, certain design changes that are questionable (such as sprinting unwielding your weapons) and what not. But it's early access and it's being actively worked on.Ultimately - i think Conan Exiles has the best potential of the survival games. Once the combat is souped up and further ai enhancements go in, mounts, magic, the settlement update and best of all - the purge, the game is going to be great. It has the best building system of all the survivals IMO where the building pieces build into the surrounding environment - unlike ARK's where you need to start on flat ground.The game is certainly not for everyone - but it's also certainly nowhere near as bad as all the 1-2 hour ♥♥♥♥♥es will have you believe."
76561198069672554,Recommended,440900,34406695,Posted: 21 August,all,fan01o8,I was reluctant to buy this game because of all the recent negative reviews. I took a chance and do not regret it. The game has some bugs but it's awesome! Especially with friends. I don't know if certain pc builds cause problems but I run this game fine on high settings and I definitely would not call my pc high end. Get it if you want a great survival game. A ton of stuff can kill you but with a little luck and skill you'll make it.  I have only played PVE as of now since I'm sure PVP is a lot more difficult than PVE.
,Recommended,440900,29608743,Posted: 31 January,all,Steve,"Beginners Guide:- Start off by picking up stones and sticks and plant fibres and create a pick axe.- Use the pick axe on rocks to get much more stone until you level up- Learn how to make axes which do more melee damage and gain more wood from trees- After you level up again learn how to make basic stone bases- At this stage a mere 2x2 base is sufficient as you can easily dismantle walls, gain resources back and expand later.- Create bedrolls which are your respawn point (important click on the bedroll to use it as your respawn point) they will dissapear after 1 use but later on you can create a bed which is permament.  Bedrolls disapear after one use so create as many as you see fit.- Craft a fire and cook meat or  stringy meat and also swim in the water and press use to quench your thirst.-  From here learn how to make storage or sword and shield depending on your choice (PVP sword and shield or PVE storage is recommended)-  Continue to level up as you see fit from here.  I personally recommend creating a 3x3 base on PVP with two doors so if an enemy follows you in you can simply trap them in the entrance hallway.Ok the review, simply it is in progress, slightly glitchy but has massive potential in these early days.  Similar to rust, hurtworld etc.   I was getting up to 60 fps with some minor rubber banding issues but nothing major.  I would recommend this game to everyone who likes survival FPS but be warned, it is not worth £22 at this stage in my opinion but i reckon it will be very soon.Intel i7 4790MSI GTX 9808 GB ram DDR3"
76561198018875590,Recommended,440900,29613568,Posted: 31 January,all,Wolfen,"Quite enjoyable and in a surprisingly good state for a day-one-early access.I got my share of dying, getting lost and just set up my first shelter close to the direly needed water.There are a few bugs, but nothing gamebreaking and (at least offline) it runs very smooth compared to other games i tried in that early state *caugh* ARK *caugh*.I have honestly no clue why the rating is so low at this first dayand where those rivers of idiot-tears are coming from that don't understand the term ""EA"", but i also won'tread any of that crap.For me the game is alot of fun so far and i am looking forward to its further development."
76561197961071094,Recommended,440900,30480948,Posted: 12 March,all,Moos,"Conan Exiles is an awesome sandbox game, beautifully designed world with lots of exploring to do. The main part is building your base and filling it with workbenches, cosmetics and slaves. Also leveling your character is a great experience. The game still has a lot of bugs, exploits and balance issues, but the Funcom Devs work hard and release patches frequently. This game is already insanely addicting and I have extremely high hopes for the final product."
,Recommended,440900,29881013,Posted: 12 February,all,sharK,"Feel like a survivor? Bob the builder? or maybe have a dream to make Trump proud and build the greatest wall the exiled land has ever seen? Then this game is for you! The building system in this game is just so great it's an own game itself. You can design,build and personalize the home of you or your clan and make it beautiful, House of Stark? Sure, make a sign and hang it over your entrance.Big trophy hunter? slay down Rhino's, deers,Demon dogs, Elephants and if your lucky enough the head of your prey is in good enough shape so you can craft a beautiful piece and hang it on the wall in your living room for everyones eyegasm.The landscape , Sunrise and weather is so beautiful. But you better have a torch by nightfall.And what is your fate? when the sandstorm comes weeping through the canyon and your surrendered by starving hyenas?Resource gathering:Mining in this game is addictive, you never get bored watching the stone,iron,coal veins crumble piece by piece as you whack the piles.Grab those fibers from plants you run across, branches broken from the trees,seeds,worms and whatever you can to fill your belly with something and make your fiber trousers to keep your donger in place! (Yes, this game have full nudity options.) and in Character cuztomization you can adjust almost every part of you, size,color,length,wideness,hair, except the bush.It's a very promising early-access, with a company i belive is capable to follow this success through. While most early-access survival games was shipped out by smaller companies and never being able to finalize their games. As many have seen the past weeks, patch after patch have been shipped out, almost on a daily basis and the official server provider has recently been changed to gameservers and i got to tell you, the devs for this game did more the past weeks, then other devs did for their early access games in a loong period. Strong buy!"
76561198020660448,Recommended,440900,34491137,Posted: 25 August,all,Rhoklaw,"Well, I've played Conan Exiles, ARK: Survival Evolved, Citadel: Forged with Fire and Dark & Light and I'd have to say Conan is the most fully optimized and complete sandbox survival game out there. While ARK is just as developed, it only suffers a lower quality of graphics. Both have an equal amount of content now, Funcom however has the resources and the manpower to maintain a healthy progression of game features and content. Conan is also the only sandbox survival game that doesn't require daily supervision of farms and taming is done through PvE mechanics rather than you having to sit around for 1 to 12 hours waiting for your tame to finish.Conan Exiles definitely had a rough launch, but that's just Funcom tradition. Once they get their games polished though, Funcom definitely has the talent to produce quality content.As of August 2017, Conan Exiles gets my Platinum Seal of Approval in the sandbox survival genre."
,Recommended,440900,34521399,Posted: 26 August,all,iansmiler,"Amazing game, I'm playing on my own dedicated server so I have tweaked the settings to suit the communitys wishes that use it. IMHO contender for the best game this year and it's still only in early access!!! 5 stars from me :D"
76561198203755847,Recommended,440900,29864672,Posted: 11 February,all,Kali,"I'm really enjoying the game currently and knowing that it's in early access there are many bugs and issues that need to be fixed. When I run into a new area the game just dies on me and my screen freezes. If you don't click on your bedroll and then die you won't respawn there. Animal and hostile mob paths are broken and run around like a moth out of hell. If you enjoy Rust and/or Ark this is a game for you. I can tell that there is a true potential for this game and can't wait for them to push out content updates. Also everything, and I mean everything tries to kill you, so don't expect there to be peaceful zones where you won't die. It is Conan for a reason so be prepared to die many times and rage quit a few too many times."
76561198005622346,Not Recommended,440900,30575260,Posted: 17 March,all,Devilsbutcher,"Game was fun, then all the exploits happened. People could duplicate items, jump in your base, break stuff through walls, block spawn camps ect..ect...ect. The avatars (which you can farm up in about 2-3 hours once you are level 50 can completly wipe a base, so no point in building big or well fortified bases.Devs said they dont plan on wiping the servers, which means I wont be playing anymore:( at least they got my money first."
,Recommended,440900,29618180,Posted: 31 January,all,twins20,Right it is a ARK clone right now. Right official servers are quite laggy right now. But I have build my own private server on my own hosed server in a datacenter and it work like a charm.Let's hope funcom would add a lot of scenari and perhaps enigm too and 3D scenarised scene like in secret world. Let' hope they could add a combat system similar to the one in age of conan with a lot of posibilites to evolve in one way or an other.If they do this. They would have the best game ever:) So becaue I am dreamy I recommand this game.
76561198025921756,Recommended,440900,29640358,Posted: 1 February,all,Mufaka Plays,"First,plusesFirst of all this game has good atmosphere and good engine,that will be optimised after certain period of time.I like building sistem, you can build everywhere, even on clifs or on statues. Its really cool.Fight sistem is ok. Even weaker mob can kill you if you are too passive. Game has challenge in it.World, sands, trees, recources are made really goodMinuses(for this date)Hard to connect to official servers.Sometimes buggy npcCant change graphics to maximum. Only works for ome on defaults.Death animations arent that smooth as in gp demos.BUT. I WILL SUGGEST THIS GAME, IT HAS GREAT POTENTIAL AND GOOD SUPPORT TEAM THAT FIXES BUGS FAST:)"
,Recommended,440900,29609452,Posted: 31 January,all,ThesaurusPG,"Conan what is best in life? To crush your enemies, see them driven before you, and to hear the lamentation of the early access deniers.10|10 would Crom again."
,Recommended,440900,29618168,Posted: 31 January,all,Feanominal,"This is E-A so let's be real here...To start of the combat and fighting system is practically trash and the bows are useless unless you are close enough to swing a sword. With that being said.. EVERYTHING else is perfect.. You can build amazing structures and raid others flawlessly. The main thing that catches my eye in this game, is simply the fact you can build up the side of a cliff. No other mmo survival game has ever tried this and it works amazinglyWill update later after a few more hours of play and let you know my true opinion."
76561198062489581,Recommended,440900,29644066,Posted: 1 February,all,💋Sassy💋,"Early access game, sure, but this game is the better version of Ark. Better optimized, better everything. A good time waster with friends that keeps you up forever trying to grind."
76561197992989206,Recommended,440900,29642754,Posted: 1 February,all,Jorus,"My PC is minimum spec and all the settings are set to low/medium.Love the game, the devs fix issues pretty swiftly and they've started adding more content with more to come. The hours I've played should say it all really.  The only reason I'm re-reviewing it and not playing is because I'm waiting for our server owner to update lol--------------------------------Review made early Feb-------------------------------I'm really, REALLY enjoying this game, but the early access thing should be avoided by people without patience.  This game has every possibility of being a great game when a few things have been ironed out.If you look at my play time, 25%* of that will have been dealing with crashes. It does crash at least once an hour for me in multiplayer mode and it largely seems to be a battleeye thing.The combat is a little clunky but still fun. The building and crafting is awesome. And the survival aspect is tough and fun.Personally I'm glad I'm playing the game as it is and look forward to future updates.Don't buy it yet if you can't deal with crashes, wait a while.*UPDATE EDIT:  The devs have fixed a few of the issues and the crashes have been cut in half!"
,Recommended,440900,29798999,Posted: 9 February,all,Bluddworth,I have played several Survival Sandbox and Conan Exiles is my favorite of the bunch.  It's an easy game to pick up and is pretty polished for being early on in its early access.There is of course room for improvement and I'm hoping that they come along steady and smoothly.
76561198047799709,Recommended,440900,29771210,Posted: 7 February,all,Elitsohsblade,Its ok i only played for a few days.....straight
,Recommended,440900,29834455,Posted: 10 February,all,Dale,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9TmFl8B3TSkSo overall I think Conan Exiles has potential as a good game, but for now the main focus of the devs needs to be on making the PvP aspect more stable, as of right now the lag kills it stone dead.I did consider giving it a thumbs down until the changes by the devs, but right now I will give them a chance (a month window), so if by the middle of March the game isn't atleast to the point where I can have fun with friends and others with no serious lag then I'll put it to thumbs down till it's fixed.It seems to me that a lot of people misunderstand the term early access, so I am willing to give the devs a chance, I understand these things can take much longer but I feel its unfair on both the devs and the players not to be at least considerate in these things."
,Recommended,440900,29796182,Posted: 8 February,all,V̵̝̎e̷̯͋l̷̦̓t̷̡̅o̵x,"To begin, this game needs to update quite a bit. It's true.But sure I love the gameIt's fantastic actually.Good graphics with decent fps.Great gameplay.Great survival.Great NPC'sGreat GodsThe most importend thing is.The devs really want this game to reach what their goal is, which is absolutely fantastic.Constantly updates bug fixes and more.For my personal opinion. Yes, I recommend the game. But buy it over a month or 2."
,Recommended,440900,29771314,Posted: 7 February,all,Hecate,Quick review. I play a lot of survival games. And this is one of the more polished games in early access. It's something I recommend if you like survival games. It needs work. Some bugs are inevitable but it has great potential. There were no problems with fps but some clipping bugs and such. No crashes though. A lot of the thrall system seem to be bugged as well. It's really good though.
,Recommended,440900,29798883,Posted: 9 February,all,P4ndaFTW [PCMR],This game is good!
,Recommended,440900,29638023,Posted: 1 February,all,SuperChicken,"CAUTION: THIS GAME AT ITS CURRENT STATE IS A HOT BUGGY MESS!This game is pretty good. It IS just another open-world surival game along the lines of Rust or Ark, but it adds just enough to make it stand out of an already over-saturated genre. There's a slavery system in the game using NPCs that spawn aroung the world. These people can be bound up and captured then put to work in your base. There are specialized thralls that can do tasks like smithing or fighting even entertainers are avaiable to be found in the world of Conan Exiles.The game overall is not too much different than Ark: Survival Evolved. It has a leveling system that, when you level up, gives you a skill point that you can spend to unlock a new cratfing recipe. This gives you a sence of progression through the game that makes games like easy to lose hours apon hours playing.Unfortunatley, ""Early Access"" is a proper title for this. This game is a mess. The servers become unplayable with too many people on it, the combat is laggy and unresponsive, the detection ranges of enemies is buggy... there's a ton of bugs holding back a game that, in my opinion, has a promising foundation.TL:DR: wait a couple weeks while the game gets patched."
76561198126318919,Recommended,440900,29847481,Posted: 11 February,all,Commander Mellow,Conan Exiles has it's bugs but so does most early access titles. After the mechanics of the game are worked out I think Conan Exiles will be another great addition to survival styled games. Kudos to FunCom for pushing out an update so soon also! I'm excited to see the new changes made by their team!
,Recommended,440900,29690042,Posted: 4 February,all,Tonkinese,Amazing just simply amazing
76561198182346295,Recommended,440900,29771414,Posted: 7 February,all,firelight44,ok this game is great way better than ark ant the overall framerate is a normaly steady number. but please fix the stupid studering and freezing of the game i even tried it on laptop grapics and with the overall grapics on low and it still kept happneing it seems to happen neer water my pc specs prosessor i5 nvidia GTX 950 64 bit 8 gigs of ramedit: omg this game is like rust in egyption times. that is good.
,Recommended,440900,29754810,Posted: 6 February,all,layne81,I usually tend to dislike MMOs or survival games. I really dig this game so far... as cheesy as the physics and mechanics are....Something about it... Addictive.
76561198035642975,Recommended,440900,29755357,Posted: 6 February,all,softbaiia22455,"Conan Exhiles is still in development and has a lot of bugs, glitches and balancing issues, but it is on its way to becomming a very awesome game. The game still plays well enough that you can level a character without many problems. The only thing that I found frusterating were some glitches that would not let me add parts to certain areas of the house I was building."
76561198008278589,Recommended,440900,29882000,Posted: 12 February,all,sirjohn1,Has been a fun game so far. Over 29 hours on it and still find the game fun to play. The key is to have a few friends. This game would not be as much fun without friends. Patching has been happening often so bugs are getting fixed pretty quickly.
76561198014357350,Recommended,440900,29882627,Posted: 12 February,all,AnzBozBel,"Conan Exiles is one of those games,that you can pick up if you dont have friends beacause you meet them in the game.Its easy to figure it out,its easy to learn and fun to play. The first cuple of days was bugy and laggy but now it runs great.Its one of the best games I played in early development that actualy work,building bases houses is simple and abnormaly fun.Belive in the game and the development team.They where great so far.Buy and support the game!"
76561197966428294,Recommended,440900,29881447,Posted: 12 February,all,brN,"This game is absolutely addicting if it comes to crafting and building mechanisms..You won't get to bed at the targeted time you had in mind before, simply because you want to finish another part of your fully customizable base / fortress, farming stones & wood for hours..I am about 75 hours into it and so far I didn't even explore the options of capturing a slave, raiding a camp and stuff just because I spent all the time gathering materials and building my cozy ""hut""..The building system is the best I've come across compared to similar games and so far absolutely worth my time and money.Besides all problems regarding rubberbanding, frame drops and disconnects on release day as an early access game, my server runs stable and it is a pleasure teaming up with fellow Exiles on my journey.But watch out:If you choose to play on an already populated pvp server, things might get very frustrating in the beginning, depending on server settings and your ability to dodge NPCs or other players. Teaming up with friends or strangers is highly recommended.."
,Recommended,440900,29607043,Posted: 31 January,all,Woody Bobo,"Not a terrible ea game. I can see this becoming one of the top games in the genre, possible the best."
,Recommended,440900,29635204,Posted: 1 February,all,Chef,very fun. Runs much better than Ark and is only just released.
76561198066601241,Recommended,440900,29679672,Posted: 3 February,all,doritoz,"i recommend this guy and i dont at the same timei do if you can handle early access and its bugs and sometimes unplayable lag etc. if you cant handle any sort of bugs etc dont even bother getting it yet. people that expect a game to come out finished when it clearly states 'early access' and the complain about things not working are the absoloute worst. you look like a ♥♥♥♥ing tool complaining about it and you look even worse when you have less that an hour gameplay.ive only played nearly 13hours myself ive had to change server like 5-6 times ive rubber banded, ive lagged, ive been disconnected from the game more than my fair share but i have had an absoloute blast the whole time, i will continue to play this game and watch it growso yes i recommend this game to the right player who can understand its still a working progress"
76561198039581280,Recommended,440900,29616526,Posted: 31 January,all,Myrx,"Amazing game! Still early in EA.. But soon they are adding mounts and sorcery! This is going to be lit. Yes they have some lag(not much) and the AI need to be better, but god damn! 1.day of EA and this game is better than Rust/Ark! Imagine in a few months/weeks! Funcom surely hit the audience this time!"
76561198087992917,Recommended,440900,29638842,Posted: 1 February,all,jamews69,"update 7/7/2017Still ver early in EA ,game runs very well(at least for me ,myself and my clan have tested and done most of what there is to do in the desert biome ,so now we wait for more content and fixes to be released then we will come back play that until weve done everything again and then take another break.This is what EA's can look like ,specily when funcom decided to do the oppistite of what alot of other companies have done and do the optimizations first then work on content.i enjoy the game but ,right now there's not much content to reallly enjoy long term play but that will change the further along in development goes ,sorecy ,new biomes and a bunch more fetures are already being worked on according to the dev's.So for now i'll go back to playing ark until the next big update comes out for us to test and play on ,and keep repeating the cycle as alot of other players are doing.My recommendation is this is a title worth picking up"
76561198067654906,Recommended,440900,29727921,Posted: 5 February,all,Don`t poke the Bear,Really great game good graphics runs well on my PC only downside is servers keep DC every 2 hours.Also my biggest gripe is find my characters ive lost a couple of saves because the dosn`t have any way to displaying which server your character is on so take note before you start of your never find it.Its still in Beta and already alot of fun there are some minor bugs but ive found away around them so nothing game breaking fro me yet.
76561198039839860,Recommended,440900,29619790,Posted: 31 January,all,Swindles,"Crom, I have never prayed to you before. I have no tongue for it.No one, not even you, will remember if there may have been some slight rubber banding today. All that matters is that exiles is out. That's what's important! Valor pleases you, Crom... so grant me one request. Grant all exiles less rubber banding so as not to flood the exiled lands with the tears of whining children! So that we may crush our enemies! See them driven before us! and hear the lamentation of their women!And if you do not listen, then to HELL with you!"
76561197994520078,Recommended,440900,29756847,Posted: 6 February,all,stanton4958,I have put 31 Hrs in to this game now and I love it. The Devs are pushing out patches like there's no tomorrow. This is going to be a very good game when finished.
76561198115966456,Recommended,440900,29757370,Posted: 7 February,all,Mister Monster,"I'll get this out of the way : This is very much an EARLY ACCESS GAME. What does that mean? This is the START of something-  and it's the start of something amazing.My experience in multiplayer hasn't been the best, but that's simply because of lag / desync issues. That more than anything is my big unhappy point: I love playing survival multiplayer, so it's a little frustrating when I die to a monster that's only just aggroed and, to my vision, is still ten yards away. :(HOWEVER!☼The game stays very true to the feel of the Conan universe, and has amazing starting blocks for really fleshing it out.☼Seems to play just fine for me, with graphics at a perfect ground of 'gritty' and 'fantastic'; jiggle physics could use a bit of tweaking, but it's not too unrealistic!☼Customization is amazing, for an EA survival game☼Basebuilding is a delicious mix of ARK's recipe learning and FO4's NPC staffing, Conan style: beat some hyborian exile into submission and enslave them!☼Interesting 'corruption' mechanic☼Summon your gods! Become the avatar of Yog! Destroy entire civilizations!! BLOOD FOR THE BLOOD G-☼Mining. Mining is so oddly satisfying. The rocks crack where you strike, and crumble. It's hard to explain, but it's just SATISFYING. Try it.All in all the game has GREAT building blocks to leap off from. With a bit of multiplayer optimization I'd have no gripes! As  it's an early access game, there isn't an infinate amount of things to do- aside from level level grind mats build build - but that's the core of any survival game, isn't it!The survival mechanics work just fine, though I'd like to see a little more variation : sandstorms are wonderful, but I'd like to see a few more things? Maybe heatstroke during the day and hypothermia at night? The day is bright and great, HOWEVER nighttime results in some interesting reflection mechanics... and it gets VERY DARK. Not a complaint, just a comment!Overall, 7.5/10 ! Definately something to keep an eye on if you're not willing to dive in so fast and enjoy the experience of watching it grow~"
,Recommended,440900,29616584,Posted: 31 January,all,Amira,"If you wanna play game in EA -1.  You need to forget about lags, freezes, any bugs and just play.2. Always write to developers about bugs what you found or not.So about game - i like it, game has potential. But it's in early access. If you wanna support developers buy and play. if you don't spent your money on EA, just wait when it come in beta."
76561198111074702,Recommended,440900,35435430,Posted: 2 October,all,KOBKED-X,"So Far anyway, Conan runs as expected, a little derpy here n there, but the overall shows serius potential, and I'm sure as more content is added, that will change. Devs,  I hope you don't go the path of ARK, with paid DLC all over the place for things that should just be in the game anyways.For now I'll go with a recomend if you like waiting a bit for the final game ;) other wise, wait."
,Not Recommended,440900,29602060,Posted: 31 January,all,Fayygo,"Wait till they fix the combat and the massive aggro range and leashes. The combat lacks impact and pretty much plays like Rock 'em, Sock 'em - head popping off included and it's extremely hard to do anything early game without♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off something because everything is so tight-knit. And, a lot of animations don't play (running/walking) from human enemies once you reach a certain range atm.Everything else about the game is pretty top tier though, including the massive endowments with physics as a bonus. Very pretty, single player ran smooth, great character designs, and crafting was easy enough despite the horrible UI. The world is sprinkled with little lore bits, as well, and theres a lot to gorgeous things to explore and see. But, as soon as you need to kill something you immediantly see the games massive faults.tl;dr Early game is early. So, wait till they fix the weightless combat. Stopped at the 2h mark to get a refund but I'll keep my eye on this one for the eventual combat patch."
,Recommended,440900,29850217,Posted: 11 February,all,WhiteShadow,"After 100h played, Daily Patches about 100-200mb, Fast Bug fixing.Best Early Access Game i played so far. 30 Bucks totally worth it."
76561198042400482,Recommended,440900,29786835,Posted: 8 February,all,ThePro,"This game is badass and has the potential to be one of the greatest games made.  Rememebr this is easrly access alpha AND there are NO OFFICAL servers yet... so take in mind the game has its flaws as well and 100% of players are playing on ""private"" servers which may not be up to par for this game to begin with."
,Recommended,440900,29792453,Posted: 8 February,all,[ZDG] Asix Seleven,"I am a simple man.I watch gaming videos.I like what i see in gaming videos.I wait for the game to release.I buy the game.If the game disappoints, i refund game.If game impresses as much as Conan Exiles does, i recommend it to all my friends and spend hours upon hours playing it!"
76561198014925169,Recommended,440900,29820931,Posted: 10 February,all,j_hoon,"the game looks and feels good.its early access so there are many issues but it's not why i asked for a refund.it's not basicly what i thought it is.i thought there will be 'real' single player/offline mode.but it's based on dedicated server on local compuer.and even then i couldnt manage to save my char.everytime i quit the game my char disappears.probably i'm missing something but in any case thats not how i was expecting the game to be.except for that i also tried ark,and i can say conan exiles looks better even at this state. better graphics,optimization and gamplay.wish i could play it somehow but without a real single player/offline mode,no use for me.if its not a problem for you,then go for it."
76561198017788292,Recommended,440900,29645602,Posted: 2 February,all,loaded,enjoying the game even with all the bugs and lag
76561197994710716,Recommended,440900,29917694,Posted: 14 February,all,Warocketajax,"Early Access is as Early Access does. Conan Exiles has a lot orf potential I am willing to soak up. I love the ""base building"" aspect and I am looking forward to see what Funcom will deliver as we move on down the road.Combat is brutal and satisfying (although needs some work) but the AI is still flakey for most of the creatires- Getting stuck on rocks and the like, but as the games says - Early Access.Exploration is fun, seeing other players attempts and failures scattered across the Exiled lands is a nice touch and then stubling across a Player Fortress protected by Archers and Fighters is great.If you like survival games then give this one ago.CRAOM."
,Recommended,440900,30065365,Posted: 20 February,all,SpirriX,"Great open world survival game, with interesting PvE elements and some lore. The building system is fantastic and easy to use. Melee combat is rewarding. Ranged weapons feel satisfying. If you want to feel the power of you own character grow, explore a vast desert, highlands, or snow, slay and decapitate your foes, or even capture and enslave them, this game is for you.The latest update, ""the Frozen North"", increases difficulty and makes for a challenging PvE experience. It also brings an expanded map, with beautiful surroundings.Currently the AI of animals is a bit wonky, but expecting an improvement there down the line. Sprinting unequips any tool/weapon you have out. Only frustrating part of this is that it removed the torch and other offhand items. Hopefully a fix for this will come soon. I do like the restrictions of raid times on some official servers, as it makes offline raiding harder. These are minor issues, and does not get in the way of the fantastic game that this is.Warning:This is an EA game, and thus has some issues. If you can get past those (most of which Funcom as fixed very quickly), this is an extremly enjoyable game."
76561198008629180,Recommended,440900,29754812,Posted: 6 February,all,Scottious,This has been the best hanging♥♥♥♥♥♥simulator ive ever played. The grace and realism that enacts upon the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥is second to none. The customisation and the 'depth' is astounding.10/10 inches.
,Recommended,440900,29815644,Posted: 9 February,all,Cody,"It's actually quite fun, I understand that it's Early Access and know what to expect. I'll list some of the pro's and cons that I experienced during my short play time so far.-------Pros- Nice world and scenery- Graphics are decent- Good crafting system- Good character creation and customization------Cons-Runs like garbage at some places in the world, freezing / stuttering frame drops on an above average system.-Most servers have some pretty severe connection lag.-There are some bugs (to be expected).If you understand Early Access and know what you are getting into, the game is fun if you manage to find a server that doesn't have lag, recommended."
76561198066100266,Recommended,440900,29893122,Posted: 12 February,all,Ryu Hayabusa,This game dope my friend got some huge♥♥♥♥♥♥worth playing hype :) my♥♥♥♥♥♥hella long
,Recommended,440900,29815163,Posted: 9 February,all,Beige Lord of the Sith,"Fun and addictive game. The server settings really allow you to change it depending on your preferences. AI sucks currently, and there's plenty of bugs. Still, definitely a good game."
,Recommended,440900,34285878,Posted: 16 August,all,zxRogue,"The game upon release was fun but was very bare with a foundation of content but not enough to be able to sink a lot of hours as the game felt clunky and not fleshed out with a lot of mechanics that needed tweaking. I'm happy to say after returning when this update came out the game felt completely different, It ran much smoother w/ animations and combat being drastically improved. Another reason to get this game is the map is now very large with multiple biomes and hopefully more to come, all in all I can now confidently say this game is worth the $30 price tag and that the devs care about this game and are adding content throughout the early access schedule."
,Recommended,440900,29634401,Posted: 1 February,all,Oda,"Not an in-depth review, just writing notes on what I find good or bad, as well as bugs:In short: So far so good, fun and simple to get started, but a few framrate, graphical and animation issues.Edit 1: I've played over 12 hours alone at this point, I'm still enjoying the game and I finally feel like I am progressing. I've built a big base with most of the crafting stations, which all look really nice inside my house. Added a lot of notes to the review below.Edit 2: I've found the game to be extremely unbalanced in certain places, for exmample, shields take 3-5 hits before they break as I mentioned in the notes below, but cost precious metal bars to repair. It just isn't worth it. I've added a couple of minor bugs to the notes regarding texture glitches and building bugs.Edit 3: I recently decided to do another play through and got to level 50 solo. At that point playing solo is just about doable, I can raid medium-large NPC tribes and caves entirely alone and lose maybe 1/2-3/4 of my health. Only possible with mods though, I downloaded a very handy tool durablity mod that makes the game 10x better, some extra building pieces and a few visual mods. The majority of issues below, however, still persist. I'm pretty disappointed with the general animations for the enemies in the game freezing up until up close, I'm surprised this isn't fixed yet.Positives:-I'm currently playing singeplayer to get used to the game and learn everything, so far it reminds me a lot of ARK and starting off feels very similar.-Character creation is basic but seems like enough for this kind of game.-Seems like a nice amount of content to get started with, looking forward to seeing what else they bring.-Building is a little difficult to get used to imo, but has some very nice features that make it convenient and fun. Only downside is the lack of materials you get back from destroying.-When gathering stuff, it shows how much you have in brackets at the bottom right already in your inventory. Helps you track just how much you need before you get going.-Like ARK, you can edit tons of values that the game uses, such as player health, NPC health, structure health, etc. (Some values don't seem to work for me, not sure if it requires a restart or if I am changing the wrong one, but they change nothing.)Bugs and issues:-Grass stays as it is when a foundation is placed on it, so it pokes out through and makes the floor look messy. (Update: You can work around this by shift + scrolling the mouse up and down to raise the foundation. Very helpful feature when building.)-Animations of NPC humanoids freeze up until within your immediate area, so they float towards you from a distance. A little off putting.-Dead bodies stretch out and deform almost always.-When leaving your base to go out far, returning later, you'll find trees growing through your base.-I'm running medium on some settings, and ultra on the others, and I get around 50-60fps in most areas of the game, however, I sometimes notice I drop a fair amount when running through certain areas. Not a huge problem, way better running than ARK.-Spiders are extremely powerful, they will slow and poison you while backing away to avid your attacks. They come in numbers too, so it seems a little unfair when half of your health at a medium range level is drained from fighting just one spider. Their attack rates are insane, too.-Playing alone is very tough, enemies will gang up on you and destroy you quickly, making it very tough to go and get ironstone if your base is far from a spawnpoint.-Shields look cool and the function is pretty nice, however, they do not help you much in combat as the stun the enemy recieves is instantly dispelled, letting them attack right after you block. Your shield, by default, has very low durability. Just 3-5 hits can break my wooden shield. (You can change this in the server settings in game, although it hasn't worked for me.)-Some furniture clips through the wall when placed against it. This includes the chest when opened (the lid swings through) and the furnaces, which show up a little from the outside of your house.-Sometimes I'll get a random message saying that the 'land has already been claimed', preventing me from building in a wide area.-In a couple of random places on my structure, I am unable to place fences on certain spots.-Your own shadow sometimes becomes invisible in certain places.Will add more if I bump into anything.PS: Feel free to correct mistakes and point out issues of your own so I can add them here. I'm hoping the devs read this, and would like to help out as much as I can."
76561198007664960,Recommended,440900,29977179,Posted: 16 February,all,Dawgs4ever,"Enjoyable survival and building game.  PVE is a bit simplistic, but does the job.  Teaming up with friends to build big bases, engage in PVP, and raid other bases is what it's all about.Very early in early access.  Some bugs to be expected, so perhaps wait if you're not able to endure some bugs here and there, as well as occasional periods of server instability.  Worth it to me.Also, they just implemented region locks for the official servers, which is FANTASTIC.  Too many games these days allow gamers from China and like countries to play on NA-dedicated servers.  Region lock is a big step in the right direction."
76561197976085751,Recommended,440900,30096653,Posted: 22 February,all,Furyan,"I recommend this game 100% and more i love Conan world games and this one hits the mark in its feel and atmosphere. Its very rare to see game with this level of brutality and nudity focused at the mature gamer and truely represents the Conan world with total freedom to live and build as you want live how you want. You truely have to survive and fits to all games who want to RP, Pvp or Pve This is truely is great game and captures the world of Conan."
76561197997183761,Recommended,440900,29713746,Posted: 5 February,all,Norveejun,"Constant updates, amazing narrative experience, awesome customization (huge plus for me), and the universe of Conan really makes this game one-of-the-best games to come out in a long time."
76561198006942634,Recommended,440900,34273848,Posted: 16 August,all,Genercidel,"Enjoyed what had been developed, keeping in mind its a work in progress.Some good game mechanics with a good attention to detail.Hoping the dev's keep on track with this one, it could be quite a success if executed properly.6/10"
,Recommended,440900,34332919,Posted: 18 August,all,Nin,"The update made me come back and I'm not regretting any second of it. Most, if not all of the bugs that made the game unplayable are fixed (Duping / Explsosive bugs / Jump issues). It's so much fun to play this game right now.Yes there are some bugs left and some game mechanics are questionable but all in all I'm really enjoying my stay in The Exiled Lands."
76561198062085569,Recommended,440900,34177288,Posted: 11 August,all,wricard1,About 3 weeks ago there was an update to the game. My game has not been able to run since that update. Until now I have played Conan Exiles for nearly 700 hours so it was running. Until this issue is resolved I will not be making any more game purchases
76561198042786186,Recommended,440900,34138263,Posted: 9 August,all,Reodhadh,"Had great potential when I played it. Going to revisit in the future.unsure if it is a positive review or not but I will leave it as a thumbs up as I didn't dislike the early and midgame.thoughts: needs servers without the gods and better ways to raid, 60-120sec of smashing an alpha tribe to the ground only feels rewarding so many times."
,Recommended,440900,29786102,Posted: 8 February,all,[UC]Uber,"Slaves, kidnapping, wheel of pain, dongs, boobies, va-jays-jays, testi...1..2 and all on just day one! I haven't had this much fun since before Second Life banned gambling. Squatting naked in the lake was absolutely liberating. I spent at least a couple hours just wacking my buddy's pickle with a stone axe then running away as I uncontrollably laughed with glee. Tee-hee!10/10"
76561198017623217,Recommended,440900,29626632,Posted: 1 February,all,AwesomeGar,"So I've noticed a lot of Ark fan boys leaving some negetive feed back not realizing Ark had a ton of issues when it launched. It's early access people give them time to work out the kinks.... Any way as I've only spent a little time in game so far I can already tell the game feels awesome, I'm digging the combat and build system as well as how the game includes a story. I do wish however, you could just pick up a piece of a building rather than dismantling it just till the building system is ironed out. I would highly recommend this game as I've played many of its type and they all start out buggy in early access. Great work so far Devs! Keep it up and the community will grow for sure!"
76561198102239401,Recommended,440900,34335824,Posted: 18 August,all,BULLDICK83,"So far so good! I understand that this is early access and there will be some issues and it is not completely polished but it is not bad at all in it's current state. For an early access game this is much better than Ark and much better than DayZ (for comparison). In regards to building, exploration, and adventuring this game is the best survival game I have played yet and they have not even finished it. Please keep this in mind, the game is in EARLY ACCESS so be flexible and enjoy the world of Conan!"
76561198164580515,Recommended,440900,29987963,Posted: 17 February,all,\ ( ^ - ^ ) /,I love this game
76561198034072632,Recommended,440900,30115159,Posted: 23 February,all,Stonebrew,"Great game, 90% better than all other games that came out in early access.... I remember when all the main titles first came out they sucked.. This game has great optimization, shows lot of promise, and is really fun, it just keeps getting better and better.   Rember people, when you buy an early access game,  you are basically signing up to Beta the game.  Give useful feed back to the devs, and I'm sure they will use it in whaterver way they feel will work for them and you."
,Recommended,440900,29627201,Posted: 1 February,all,SubCyka,Once you find a server without the anticheat enabled it runs smoothly.Many interesting gameplay mechanics and cool♥♥♥♥♥♥ personally like it better than games like Ark or Rust so far
76561197965037502,Recommended,440900,29631310,Posted: 1 February,all,Steinar,"At release:Very good game, especially to be a EA!!! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!!--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------16.02.17I add to this short review beacuse I think its important to tell that the dev'sshows good commitment to improve this game with rapid patch releases.Shows dedication and the game looks to have a bright future.As with all survive type games you will get the most of it by playing with your friends.Cant wait for more content especially larger/more zones of different setting.My personal favoritt is jungle. I hope that comes next.I will keep an close eye on how it evolves during the 1 year EA."
76561198099288714,Recommended,440900,30127514,Posted: 23 February,all,Appoh,"-EARLY ACCESS REVIEW-Understand that this is early access. it's not something you are forced to play. That being said there will be issues. that is something more people need to understand when rating EA gamesMy experience has been mediodre tbh. The servers crash often the game lags and freezes often as well. The developers release patches very often so I have faith they will succeed in making the game run better. The options in the game so far are very bland but they do the job for this early into the game. Crafting and farming is very simple but as of now it works quite well. There are a lot of exploits and glitches that are being abused which ruins entire servers and most of the playerbase's experience. This has nothing to do with incompetence on the developers end. This is something they have been slowly fixing and working on. Give it time. The main reason this is positive is because it is something with a lot of potential. Everything I see in the game and to be added seems to be something amazing. For a newer player you should have about 100hrs of content to enjoy and experience and then after that it becomes a grind and repetitive which is fine for a lot of people. If you are going to complain about lack of content then go play another game and come back later. They are patching this game faster than any other developer I've seen and I am really excited to see the journey they go down in developing this game. They have managed to do some things other games (ARK) couldn't do in 2 years and they are less than a month into development. I'd say give it a chance and buy it, support the development and do research on the to do list funcom has provided us, if you like the direction support the game."
76561198395256061,Recommended,440900,34322200,Posted: 17 August,all,Silver Saucer,"I'd consider this my third early access game, I was hesitant at first and had a hard time figuring out what I should do but I couldn't stop playing. So far I have really enjoyed myself, I would suggest starting off in local play then moving to online once you've got the hang of it.I'll update this as things change but so far I am really impressed with Conan Exlies and it seems to be exactly what it's advertised as and what I wanted. Hope they continue with the realism and improving combat."
76561197983131544,Recommended,440900,29648593,Posted: 2 February,all,Metatron,"Found myself to be crucified , got hunted by crocodiles and hyenas, worked with my friend we build a small hut , we got arms and weapons and by Crom  we crushed our enemies, saw them driven before us, and heard the lamentations of their women"
,Recommended,440900,29625509,Posted: 1 February,all,Radd,"He is Conan, Cimmerian, he won't cry, so I cry for him."
,Recommended,440900,34332593,Posted: 18 August,all,Herald of Slaanesh,"I will start off by saying that I'm a Conan fan and when I heard that there was gonna be a Conan survival game, I was immediately interested. Heard that it was coming to EA, I did not hesitate to purchase the game.Now, I'm not gonna lie, it's been a rough EA so far, bugs a plenty and other issues but slowly but steadily the game is improving with features, more stuff to build, lands to explore that is being added in.Now I will also point out that my experience comes from single player, I don't bother with the multiplayer aspect of the game which has it's advantages and disadvantages of course.Main advantages is mods, you can add the mods that you want to use, you can tweak the settings of your game to your liking, if you feel that you are getting too little stone or leveling up too slowly, you can easily change that.Disadvantage is of course, you are alone which after the last update has been made harder, not in a bad way in my opinion but it has made me have to deal with enemies in a different way then before.As for a story ? well you are a criminal that has been sent to exile in a cursed land that you can't never escape from. So you have to survive in these hostile lands. Have to hunt,build and deal with animals, other exiles and monsters.Quite a simple story really but as you explore you will find journals, notes, even ghosts of other exiles that serves to give you more background about the place.Now however let's talk about the important part, this is early access, the game is in alpha stage so expect bugs, glitches, poor AI, imbalances and some features that aren't working currently or is simple a work in progress such as the combat system and the AI(the latest update improved the human AI but further improvements will be made and to the animals).But I was prepared for these issues and it's only fair that I do point that out as well. If you cannot handle this, then I suggest you wait.But the reason why I didn't go for a refund when the game launched in EA was because there is a huge amount of promise here and I feel that as time has passed that I'm being rewarded for my patience seeing the game getting closer and closer to the potential that I saw in the game and highly looking forward to the future of this game as it get's closer to release."
,Recommended,440900,34334124,Posted: 18 August,all,Wizold Sage,"Best medieval style Survival Game out there, sure it has some bugs and issues but that's early access folks, bloody love this game."
,Recommended,440900,29892817,Posted: 12 February,all,Fidel Castro,"A friend of mine said this game has potential, and I believe so. Whilst it had a bad starting, I hope this game will eventually develop into an epic game everyone has been wishing. I recommend you to wait for future updates, until then, buying this game now might not be more enjoyable (unless you want to support the developer by purchasing the early access).Here are details:- Barbaric and savage survival.- Nudity concept.- Lack of tutorial to make it feel more survival.- Hard starting.- Bugs, some bugs, more bugs.- Server based game (admin rules).- Mods from workshop.- Not so interactive NPCs (eventually enemies ignore each other, but will chase you to the edge of the world.)The harsh starting makes this game a hard one, but also makes itself an identity. So yeah, I recommend you buying this game if you want to support the early access and play a hard starting game with friends."
76561198005405000,Recommended,440900,34299004,Posted: 16 August,all,Stupid Dog!,"I'm enjoying the game so far. There is definitely less content than I would like, but the devs have been updating steadily. The newest update adds a new northern area. Improvements have also been made on the combat, which I think helps this game a lot. There are still bugs, and creature/item spawning still feels off. I also think the humanoid AI isn't too bright and is basically just ""Kill! Kill! Kill!"" until you are too far. However, I think this game is making some nice progress and I look forward to it being completed."
76561198035045999,Recommended,440900,34077335,Posted: 7 August,all,hades,"This game gets a lot of flack for expected bugs in EA, but from a modder and an Unreal Engine enthusiasts point of view, there are some very good assets available to tinker with in the DevKit, almost all gameplay aspects are created using blueprints so you can change almost anything client and server side.If your an Unreal Engine hobbiest its worth picking up."
76561198008002792,Recommended,440900,34341957,Posted: 18 August,all,Drarider,"Yeah, Highly recommend, Just bought it Tonight with the free expansion. Reslly hard to quit playing, just endless. It has it all Fights, survival, resources, build. Beautiful Graphics on Ultra mode for me.  The controls are simple but nice. Literally a cross mix of several styles of games. NAILED IT!!!! Really worth the wait for me."
76561197985838662,Recommended,440900,34316534,Posted: 17 August,all,nuverian,"I recommend this game for conan/hyboria fans the most, as well as for what I foresee it becomes for the rest.The UI definitely needs a lot of improvements. My favorite survival game after The Forest."
76561198007301516,Recommended,440900,34326847,Posted: 18 August,all,TyrFlasime,"Great game lots of fun if you like reasource gathering and survival type games. The building aspect of the game is also very well done. That being said this is still early access and a long way from completion so you have to expect bugs, glitches and some incomplete dynamics of the game. They are constantly releasing new aspectsand content to the game so it seems that the finished product will be a really entertaining game."
76561197979775198,Recommended,440900,29601275,Posted: 31 January,all,Sic,"Conan Exiles is an awesome game. A bit rough around some edges since it is early access, but it is already way better than ARK. If you enjoy playing survival games then Conan Exiles is the game for you.I have not yet encountered any bugs worthy of mentioning, I am too busy enjoying playing game :-D Even though I can tell that the game runs alot smoother theese last few days, and it keeps getting better. Funcom is patching in fixes on a daily basis. You can harvest without having to drop your pickaxe, the building system is brilliant, and there are loads of creatures out to kill you. You just have to kill them first (or run away). This is worth the $29,99 without a doubt. I bought the Barbarian Edition, so I think it is worth $59,99, and I will buy it for Xbox too xDMake your choice Exile; do you live, or die?"
76561198016756518,Recommended,440900,29656495,Posted: 2 February,all,soulMUNCHA,"Listen, it's an Alpha release so get that AAA title perception out of that thing you call a brain...TL;DR : It's a pretty good looking game with pretty sweet lore built in and an amazing building system...Great, lets be begin shall we.Conan Exiles off the bat is visually appealing for an alpha that's just been dropped, gameplay is relatively smooth with a few frame drops here and there (which is to be expected as of right now).It's already quite rich in lore with narrations and story telling, not to mention the vaste ruins which are epic as all♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I'm talking tall AF stone structures that are to legit to quit.Furthermore the building system, holy balls! Never, well maybe one other time have I come across such an awesome building system. Foundations can anchor and clip onto rock faces and mountains for starters(this is an intentional feature I'm lead to believe as it works so well - like it was made that way), which already setups a vast potential for unique bases.Also! Foundations are stackable, yes I said it stackable... EVEN more potential, boom... the rest I'll leave you to figure out.Another thing, it maybe simple but god damn it, it's awesome... I'm talking decorations man. These devs are mavericks I tell you! Who, releases a full entourage of decorations on release!? Absolute mad men, but I'm glad they did because even more immersion and stuffOverall on an alpha scale 8.5/10...get involved."
,Recommended,440900,34106969,Posted: 8 August,all,Retro,Keeping it simple:10/10 One of the best survival experiences and still shaping up to be even better if you have a private server with a clan/group mates and their friends.7/10 solo. Taking on the world and building an empire is a great time for a single player experience already.5/10 on Pub servers due to griefers but a great chance to create bonds with strangers and fight back/overtake but exploits are an issue currently.Ignore the nonconstructive negative reviews. Seriously. Most of it is completely subjective butt-screaming.
76561197978164395,Recommended,440900,29627368,Posted: 1 February,all,WHYHAVEABSWHENYOUCANHAVEKEBABS,"Unforgiving and harsh. I love it.Some minor issues, which is to be expected from an Early Access. Nothing too troublesome so far."
76561197988787464,Recommended,440900,34163681,Posted: 11 August,all,Hematic,"Lots of fun, if you like this sort of thing. It is early access and has typical early access issues. You'll also need a fairly decent rig to run it well."
76561197972231361,Recommended,440900,34164927,Posted: 11 August,all,Norb,"guys, honestly, all that crying about this game beeing a mess makes me sad.., i've played lots of early access, and none of them got as much support as this one... the devs really did a great job to improve the mechanics and content, and it's getting better and better... you got the normal survival stuff u're might be used to AND more by far... just look at all those incredible details they added... if you jump from a cliff, the camera rolls down as you land, simulating absorbtion of the downfall... all that awkward and well animated gestures you can make... well, i know, not perfect yet, but remember, its still early access... allthough, climbing, catapults, and even the character useing a bow correctly, is freaking awesome... maybe its not necessary for the gameplay, but it makes the game drag you deeper into it, and the world you play in whole... and the sandstorm? seriously? have you guys ever seen such an amazing♥♥♥♥♥♥in other survival games? its not just an awesome idea, it even looks so cool, it could freeze hell :o... hope to see more of that random encounters...yea, its not finished, as some bugs can tell, but i've never seen such a well concepted and homogeneous survival game... can't wait for the update to go north! hope to see you there! ;)"
76561197995433171,Recommended,440900,34349022,Posted: 19 August,all,PCTech714,"First and foremost, Conan Exiles is incredibly addictive. The only game with which I've spent a comparable amount of time is Civilization (in all of its various incarnations). There's that same feeling of ""just one more turn"" or in this case, ""just one more level"" or ""just one more upgrade"" that turns a simple hour-long excursion searching for crafting materials or enemies to destroy into an all-night epic.I find constructing a home/base surprisingly fulfilling. The building system is intuitive and nearly seamless, despite occasional glitches. Crafting new armor, weapons and tools makes leveling more than just a race to be able to kill things faster but instead opens up new recipes and options that allow you to make better and bigger things.Having said that, the game is not without its flaws. Combat, although improved with the latest expansion, still feels a bit clunky at times. Enemy AI is still in the formative stages with many creatures wandering aimlessly or in a circular pattern, just waiting to be slaughtered. A controversial change was recently implemented that forces your character to disarm while running, which some find annoying. The only major bug I've ever encountered was appearing in the game mid-load and being attacked with no way to run or fight. It's happened only once but this, like so many other imperfections in the game, is to be expected in Early Access.Also, it should be mentioned that this is certainly a survival game more than a true MMO. Those seeking an MMO Conan experience might be better served to seek out Funcom's Age of Conan game. From the moment you step foot into this world, you're on the run to prevent dying from thirst and hunger while avoiding enemies at every turn. There's an initial frantic scramble to find neccesities, build a fire and provide shelter but once you have the basics, you'll find the game begins to settle into a comfortable pattern. What you won't find, at least at present, are friendly NPCs with exclamation marks over their heads giving you quests.I've spent the majority of my almost 200 hours playing solo but the game seems to be geared toward having a clan or at least a number of fellow adventurers, as some of the more challenging locations seem nearly impossible to conquer when alone. Not only that, but one of the major tenets of Conan Exiles is constructing machines of war and laying waste to your enemies and their budding civilization; something that even the most steadfast might find disheartening when alone.There's much more to find and do in this game than I can possibly cover in a simple review but I've discovered that just when you think you've seen it all, you run across something new that will surprise you. If you believe you have the resolve to try to survive in Conan's harsh Hyborian Age then this game might be worth a look."
,Recommended,440900,34697963,Posted: 2 September,all,Sgt. Buda,"Amazing if you play with friends. Haven't played PvP, so I can't give my opinion. Game has been improving fast and a lot since launch. Has a fair price and a great world ambientation. Gather your fellows exiles and conquer the wastelands."
,Recommended,440900,34329843,Posted: 18 August,all,Doublecross#1522,What is best in life? To crush the horrible AI group of exiles before you. Tie one up and drag them back to your base. And break their minds on the wheel of pain until their serve you.
,Recommended,440900,29600932,Posted: 31 January,all,Ando_TV,"Okaii so ive played this game on stream for just under 3 hours. I bought this game as soon as it was released in the UK at 5am and played it since then so my review right now is only based off of this experience and my first impressions. Im going to order the review into three sub categories.Aesthetics:This game is amazing graphically. I love the detail and textures of objects which arent mind numbingly intricate but they arent 8 bit either. The colours involved with the greenary and the sand along with the animals its all astonishing to really give the player an immersive playthrough.Control:This is where the game lacks in basic logic. The default keybindings were all really awkward to get to grips with and I personally couldnt figure out how to do basic things like switch from global to local chat. After going through the settings and remapping everything to more familiar buttons however, the game felt surprisingly natural to play with added fluidity in what i wanted to do and how it was done in game. One point though, your E key is going to get absolutely hammered with the amount of times you have to press it in this game.Mechanics:By this i mean the accessability of everything you would actually need to have a basic level of enjoyment from the game. The crafting/levelling system was weird to me at first, but it only took a few minutes to figure out how the whole process works and i was soon on my way to building a basic fortress of solitude. The HUD is great, the menus look and feel amazing and i couldnt have hoped for a better first impression than what i got. I mean after all, it is early access, and the first day never goes to plan!!Overall out of 5, this game would get a 4 from me, missing out on the 5 due to poorly configured button mapping, and the awkwardness of having to watch the starting cutscene upon joining a different server EVERYTIME!! but once you hold space to skip, it becomes less annoying and something you just deal with. Overall, i would recommened this to anyone with the money!!"
,Recommended,440900,34333100,Posted: 18 August,all,Peculiar Picard,I seriously don't see the reason as to why it's mostly negative when this game is the best survival game out of the rest I've seen and played. It has problems definitely but I have yet to have any of the issues that these other negative reviewers seem to have. As for ♥♥♥♥♥ing about PVP I suggest play in a server where it's PVP on Weekends or just do PVE.
,Recommended,440900,31021514,Posted: 8 April,all,stick for beky,This is a great survival game only 3 months in basically and it is well optimised in graphics gameplay and basic mechanics servers work well mods are great and I have enjoyed the journey since release.  Unlike every other survival game I see this one actually getting a full release from early access.
,Recommended,440900,29667063,Posted: 3 February,all,Dovahkiin,"i dont get why so many people with under 1-5h played gives it a bad review. (did they really think, when they bought the game that it would be perfect from the start like a normal game is)? no of coarse not.i mean come on now. its an early release. it takes time to fix bugs and new contentmy personal thoughts on the game so far.i have had so much fun with this game even when our server had its problems, if you love the cencept of games like skyrim,ark or rust. then this is a game for you.im so hyped for the new content thats coming in the future.i see alot of bad reviews, that they write in only because of known early access games have. what would you expect?"
,Recommended,440900,29605074,Posted: 31 January,all,[AUSEZ] Zeal,If you like ARK you will like this! Just keep in mind that there are still some issues around performance optimization and server stability.
76561197985346835,Recommended,440900,34342321,Posted: 18 August,all,Kamon c ytra,"So dont see why the negative review this is early EARLY Access so dont expect alot, this review is about there second stage so the map got bigger and you get to build more, so if you like to kill time by building and exploring this is a fun game. I'd recoment PvE if you like to build and explore."
,Recommended,440900,34576303,Posted: 29 August,all,Samson,This game has Big Dongs. It's like Saints Row but without the censorship and more manliness...
,Recommended,440900,34361289,Posted: 19 August,all,BorschtBoy89,"I'm honestly astounded this game is Mostly Negative for recent reviews. I just came to the game after wondering what happened to it after launch. I'm VERY impressed. This is one of the best survival and crafting games I've played in the last few years. Much better than my short time in RUST before I refunded it due to the toxic players.I have played Single Player/PvE and it's been a blast. I'm around 20 hours in and still loving it. There's a few bugs and, aside from one infuriating one that's making my captured people disappear, rendering the thrall system useless, the bugs have not been too bad for me. Performance on my 1070 has been decent. Not the best in places, but rarely slideshow quality. I do really wish they would increase view distance for NPCs though, I've been attacked by pop-in hyenas a number of times.The new content they have added looks amazing. I watched a 10 hour live stream of Strippin and Dodger play to get there. I really enjoy the fact that they are putting in dedicated PvE content like dungeons. Overall, it seems like this is the most PvE friendly survival game yet. The AI problems I've heard others speak about don't seem that big of a deal to me. Sure you can cheese them with rocks, but to a certain degree that's required since they will wreck your day if you get attacked by more than 1-2. And there's enough bowmen to make that strategy not the greatest anyway.Overall, I fully recommend this game if you have a mid-high grade system, and are primarily interested in Single player or group PvE. I have not played MP yet, but I hope to get a friend or two who want to play and start over. The map is big enough that living in a different zone would basically be a different experience.I guess you can keep moving if you only like PvP in your survival games. If that's the case, I somewhat wonder why you are looking at Conan anyway since Rust and Ark serve your niche so well already, and most/all other smaller Survival games seem to lean towards PvP too, aside from The Long Dark.Anyway, PvP players, feel free to stay away, PvE fans are welcome.I would note that I got this for around $20, and I'm not sure that I would invest in the full price game unless I knew I was going to get a group to play."
76561198065321047,Recommended,440900,34429189,Posted: 22 August,all,☣Saphy☠,"This is a great fantasy survival game,with the newest exspansion of the frozen north the game is extremely fun! theres so much to do. Build cities,fight bosses,explore an amazing world,unravel the mystery of what is the land you are exiled to,and defeat challenging dungeons. Just imagin erecting a city,raising an army and defending it or taking other players cities. If you like that feeling of starting weak and fragile then becoming a master crafter as well as a valiant warrior or archer,Conan Exiles will definately give you just that. I would definately recommend this game. My only complaints is that single player is too limited. once you have all you need to self sustain yourself it gets rather old."
76561198041681531,Recommended,440900,30095024,Posted: 22 February,all,Berserk64,"I have over 100 hours in 3 weeks of owning this game. I have played Arc and Rust, and for the same reasons those games are popular this game does the same stuff just better.playing in a pve server has been fun a real sense of comunity, and you can build gigantic structures.This game is going to be one i easily play 500 hours or more of."
,Recommended,440900,29704727,Posted: 4 February,all,Seabass,"Devs seem to be updating game very often. It's good so far and looks like it'll have a bright future with more updates ahead. Sure it's obviously very similar to Ark, Rust, and all the other many survival games, but I have to give credit to this very young early access game, for it already has comparable or better polished textures, physics, and models compared to Ark.  This game brings lore and religion together with the saturated survival genre to bring something new and unique.  The combat system at the moment is not the best, but I have been informed that it will be overhauled among many other features as this is early access. Good games so far!"
,Recommended,440900,34317243,Posted: 17 August,all,Denizen Faux,"I've never been a fan of tedious survival games much...but this one brings enough charm and brutal enjoyment that I get a lot of fun out of playing it. It is not without frustration, and having at least one person to play with is recommended. The game keeps growing and the devs stand by their product."
,Recommended,440900,34443741,Posted: 23 August,all,Tadpole,Would be a pretty nice game if it didn't crash every 5 minutes
76561198005402715,Recommended,440900,30341470,Posted: 5 March,all,Pvt_DigDug,Love it so far. It's like an adult version of Minecraft. For anyone considering this game. It is still early access.
76561198036447939,Recommended,440900,29606108,Posted: 31 January,all,Yennefer ♀,"Finally a new Conan game, it is perfect, sound/music is 10/10, combat and graphics are 10/10, it has blood and gore  and option for full, partial or no nudity, i went for full immersion Hyborian stile and went full nudity , RP, PvP server, FUN!I missed Conan game since Age of Conan, i always wanted Age of Conan 2.0 and while this is not it (much smaller scale) it makes up by supperior graphics and visuals and more options, like building your house, village, town fort and so on, AMAZING game.Well done FunCom."
,Recommended,440900,29750600,Posted: 6 February,all,Drievus,"As I expected, this game is a lot of fun to play. Funcom (The Developer) is extremely fast with fixing bugs and constantly listens to the community."
,Recommended,440900,29641672,Posted: 1 February,all,ManOfFortune,"I do like the features of the game (Ones i have seen from streams and Youtube) but i cannot get into the damn thing, sound problems on top of random as heck freezes and crashes. I'd say, save your money go buy tickets to Rouge One and check this beautiful game out in a month or so. The devs have promised to patch almost every day for fixes, keep in mind its early access so don't judge the game just yet :)"
76561198157895566,Recommended,440900,29618085,Posted: 31 January,all,Rekt92383,I wont to first say this game is in Early Access so i understand that there are bugs and issues.i played this on day one launch and it did better then i expected.the grapics were optimized given its game state.the one negative that presented itself was the network lag which was bad but not unplayable.It's my opinon to reccomend this game for others to play with the understanding that it needs a few weeks to be completly stable.If we are comparing this Survival game to its closest comparison (ARK)It also faced the same issuses during launch and now its one of the best survival games on steam.it will be a great game long term.......
,Recommended,440900,29639499,Posted: 1 February,all,TigerSlayer37,It has a good concept but right now servers are laggy and to me its not fun. I do not recommend buying if you have/like rust/ark.
76561198260764389,Recommended,440900,29692147,Posted: 4 February,all,Weenie Hut Jr,"For an early access game with the absolute basics it's quite good. The world is very well designed and has enough diversity to set it apart from other survival games like Ark. Speaking of Ark, CE has much better optimization now then Ark has had since its release and it looks better then Ark even on lower settings (I played both on a decent laptop both on low settings and ark was still laggy and looked like it was made of playdough, Conan wasn't laggy and looked good).That being said, while it is a good looking game that runs well for such an early stage it does have a crudely designed player UI that feels restricting unfinished (which it quite possibly could be). One of CE's most unique features is the slavery and religion mechanics. While exploring you will come across both hostile and non hostile human npc's that you can take as slaves to work for you.The religion mechanic is in my opinion is CE's strongest feature. You choose a god in the character creator and if you perform acts of said gods desire you get rewarded. Currently you can choose to be a cannibal get rewarded for eating people, sacrifice subjects to your god, force your religion on others or be an atheist. A great feature especially for RPers.Overall CE is a very EA game with the potential to shape into many things without the restrictions many other survival games suffer from."
76561198021612984,Recommended,440900,29692022,Posted: 4 February,all,danne_e87,"This is my type of game. Sure there are some bugs where you walk through basefoundations and some lag, but it's just an early access game. The alertness of the devs are superb and they pump out fixes to bugs like crazy.If you want to stay inside for the whole weekend and forgetting to eat or pet the cat, this game is for you!"
76561198015851189,Recommended,440900,29764450,Posted: 7 February,all,Prayr,"Early access, keep that in mind. If you are a fan of the Conan world, you will love the game. Very challenging at early levels then levels out at later levels. The landscape looks great, and the models of the people and animals is so well done.Again keep in mind early access, if you can deal with patches and some bugs, the game is loads of fun to play."
76561198083090316,Recommended,440900,29691959,Posted: 4 February,all,[AJSA] SnowFox1008,"Conan Exiles is without a doubt the most promising early access survival game to come out sense ark, Once you get through the bugs you find an extreamly lore friendly and deep story / pve element than all the other survival games on the market.I highly reccomend playing this game on your own server with friends doing pve for now while they fix issues, this is what were doing and the game runs extreamly well, i'm getting about 90fps constant, everythign works but with just some wonky snapping when you build,The gameplay is pretty much what you expect but with really useful server editing that you can do to make certain parts of the game much better like xp gain. Standard xp gain is way too little, and 1.5-2 is where you should have it set at if you want to just play this game for a few hours a day, 1 x xp is really for the people who want to play this game all day every day,The next big pro right now is that the devs are releasing about two patches a day since launch to clear out the bug issues,   and looks like theyre going to be adding quite a bit more to the game content wise in the coming months,Theres dungeons that you can do and lots of secrets to discover, not only that but the base building is already one of the most interesting ones out there with the thrall and relegion mechanics that are in the game and are being expanded on in future patches.Content wise think of ark when it was first released and they're about equivelent but with more pve content for conan.OVERALL i would put Conan Exiles at 8 ENDOWMENT SLIDERS OUT OF 10"
76561198049992557,Recommended,440900,29814561,Posted: 9 February,all,Lublob,"I bought this yesterday, so far I'm loving it, Anyone care to share me their password on server? I would like to join in... :)"
,Recommended,440900,29854447,Posted: 11 February,all,Chaos Soldier,"Conan Exiles is not without a few issues. No game is though, especially no early release game. The development team has been remarkably responsive and provided updates and patches every day (sometimes multiple times a day) to address issues. They actively respond to the community in a way I've seen only rarely from EA games.As for the game itself it's a great survival game and provides everything you'd expect. Hunger, thirst, health and death are all mainstays that make their appearance here as well. What helps to set Conan Exiles apart from other survival games is the wonderfully voice acted pieces of lore spread throughout the world. They do wonders to help engage you into the world you're playing in and make it feel like more than just another survival game."
76561198230407228,Recommended,440900,29692070,Posted: 4 February,all,skcali,"Most negative reviews are from bugs that have already been fixed. Never played a survival game before this one, nor  have I ever written a review for a game, this is how much I really want this game to succeed! The devs are already working hard at that fixing bugs and updating the game multiple times a day."
,Recommended,440900,29692374,Posted: 4 February,all,Nedermeyer,"Game has amazing potential, if the devs keep it up it will be the best survival game ever. Keeping in mind it is buggy now and multiplayer is a bit broken, it has been out for less than a week and is in early access.Overall Analysis: It needs some polishing, but it seems like it will be Amazing..."
,Recommended,440900,29692583,Posted: 4 February,all,Nathantothec,"Day 1: For Early Access it wasn't too bad. Not many bugs, but tons of server issues.Day 7: Cannot express how fast the developers are to fix issues and work 24 hours around the clock to ensure user satisfaction. Fantastic game."
76561197985744477,Recommended,440900,29831062,Posted: 10 February,all,Malkadore,"I find it frustrating that at this present moment, the steam community has a mixed opinion of this title purely based on the majority of negative responders thinking an Early Access Alpha is meant to be a polished, Full Release. So let me reassure you:There are going to be patches.There are going to be server updates.There are going to be bugs.Then there are going to be more patches, updates and bugs; simply because that's what an Alpha is.Funcom's Development Team behind Conan Exiles is extremely ACTIVE and keeping its' community of fans, media and public informed of their progress in creating what will be a top title the year of its' full release. And yes, this sandbox survival game WILL move beyond an Alpha, unlike some titles we all know (ARK) because of the development of this game having an open disclosure policy with the public.This game despite being in Alpha phase, has already made huge strides in becoming a very competative leader in todays onslaught of sandbox survival games to the market. It is due to the overwhelming popularity of Conan Exiles in its' present form, Funcom had to replace the original host of its' 'official servers' to meet the growing demand. Despite the downtime, private servers were able to appease the bloodlust of most fans and all the while Funcom kept the community informed, as they promptly found a replacement host company to once again ask Conan ""What is best in life?"".As of February 2017, Funcom announced they had already received $US 9.5 million in Early Access sales, which covered the development costs to date and then some.If the consistant developer blogs, updates and patch notes aren't enough testimony to the sheer magnitude this title will bring to your living room, lecture hall or grandmother's funeral, I urge you to read other player reviews and make history -  Carve your destiny in the flesh of the prey before you, buy a copy for yourself. Experience the World of Conan and support the development of what will be Game of the Year.If you have any questions or comments regarding the game or this review, please leave a comment and I will get back to you.- Malk"
,Recommended,440900,29766851,Posted: 7 February,all,Kruzil,"[2 hours of game time]Not quite there content-wise but has a ton of potential! There are certainly some areas that could use improvement but overall the game feels great and looks great! This is the survival game I have been waiting for, brutal and unforgiving.[50 hours of game time]I was excited for this game before it was released and this is the first time I have ever been fully satisfied with an Early Access title.I'm not saying its perfect by any means, it has bugs and lots of them, but the foundation is STRONG with this title; I could easily see this becoming a living-breathing project so long as Funcom sticks with it. I'll admit I built my own dedicated server box just for this game and its paid off nicely. The community in this game is fantastic, now that I think about it, it sort of reminds me of the vanilla days with Dark Age of Camelot.If you aren't playing this game you are seriously missing out. I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,440900,29646190,Posted: 2 February,all,Napalmzzz,"Best game ever, Very buggy here and there but beyond enjoyable - please don't purchase it without a good PC Though as it is very rough to run, If you can't run rust smoothly then don't bother with this, On low settings it looks like an autistic verson of minecraft. I have a RX Radeon 480 8GB - i5 5700k with 16gb gskill ram, Not a great PC But I'd say the bare minimum for a game like this, Defintly worth upgrading your ram though just to be able to have the render distance on Ultra, as that gives you a huge advantage."
,Recommended,440900,29802880,Posted: 9 February,all,Leiaderp,"Love it! good fun, especially on our rp server. Constant patches by the makers to help make the game better and I believe they're doing a great job! looking forward to the future content they are planning to release.Anyhow, to the review!I like the crafting and building, but sometimes there are bugs with the stations. But it's to be expected with Alpha. stage. Fighting is fine, but the lag makes it hard which on a note there, they are trying to fix and get it right! pvp is good and to behonest i'm loving capturing people and putting them on my wheel of pain! :D Religion is a cool concept too, there are only a few in at the moment, but it's a cool feature. Especially with the Avatars!"
76561198041158961,Recommended,440900,29831646,Posted: 10 February,all,Lyper,Amazing Game seriously. the dev are working day and night and everything is getting solve super quick. the was the crappiest early access ive played for the first 2 days and now its the most stable early access ive played so get onboard cause it's the♥♥♥♥♥♥ Great future for this game
76561197969733365,Recommended,440900,29675406,Posted: 3 February,all,Reinman,"This game for being EA is a little rough around the edges.  In its current state it is playable, but has lots of hickups.  I would recommend you wait a couple months, unless you have the patience for silly headaches.  I have played several MMOs at launch and other games in EA and can say that all the problems are just growing pains at this point.  The gameplay and design are solid and would recommend the game based on that.  The servers are premature babies needing to develop however."
,Recommended,440900,29763921,Posted: 7 February,all,Sir Cumference,"Conan Exiles has a lot of potential. Moreso than most other survival/sandbox types. It's literally all in the hands of the devs to execute. If they do, this might go down as one of the very few good games to actually come out of EA and be worth its salt."
,Recommended,440900,29795805,Posted: 8 February,all,小の眯♥,"Too early to comment, but it is a fun game to play especially with friends ^^"
76561198042258877,Recommended,440900,29850032,Posted: 11 February,all,Andre4King,I like this game. It is an early access version and has some bugs. Playing it local and therefore no problems with the servers. Will wait for PVE till the servers don't hiccup anymore. I think this game has much potential and like the graphics.
76561198032220026,Recommended,440900,30208238,Posted: 26 February,all,SevSaint,"Been playing Conan for the past month and have to say i have a good opinion.1. This is my first survival game so i don't base it on any other in its field. I don't believe in compaison of games in the first place, for making reviews.2. I am an avid gamer who spends 4-8 hours a day over the past 16 years. I have open beta tested several games many people never heard of.I would currently give the game 8 out of 10. It is lacking in some current content, and if it is released i would up the game to a 9.The game has a good dev team that work hard on informing the players of what they plan, as well as listening to them to make game balancing choices.The game runs smoothly on my now 3 year old gaming PC. I have on high settings and get s solid 30FPS. I also have 100mb download net with 10 up. They have fixed the rubber banding and worked extensively on optomizing the basic server structure.Now onto game play.The game lacks a bit of pvp balancing. In its current state, there is no reason to make bows and use shields. Bows travel speed make it hard to hit anyone, and once someone is close to you a sword does more DPS. A bit of zig zag and bows are useless. Shields are useless at the moment. Its better to swing wildly than trying to block as shields will break and you sill take damage from swings.  There is dual wielding with dagger, but there is no combo system yet and dual wielding does nothing, as you are better to use main hand weapon for damage on swings.The skill system is not completely balanced either. Its heading in the right direction but not complete. The only rewarding skill i ever invested in is vitality. All the others are iffy. With grit being the other decent one and str and agility following into 3rd priority.Currently there is no reason to raid. By the time you get to raiding you can build everything on your own and investing that much resources in raiding hardly yields anything. 9/10 times i have been raided while offline and lost everything. Players have spent 120 jars to get a handfull of resources. This is a serious issue with the game. Pvp sucks.Beside all that i still give it 8 out of 10 due to the amount of fun i have had. The building system, though a bit annoying is very rewarding indeed. Being able to find a few players running around and fighting them to death just for fun of taking their stuff is very rewarding. The map is beautiful and the monsters, though lacking in unique fighting abilities,(they just swing at you until you die) are very much threatning and make the game fun and challenging.The crafting sytem is lack luster with a huge amount of things i really dont need. There is tons of deocrative stuff that doesn't do much for the pvp side of the game. But i know this is EA and they are going to be adding tons of stuff later on and most of what is here is just core stuff they intend to balance first.With all the being said, i would recommend buying the game, check recommended settings first. For 30 dollars, the price of a single person going out to movies and buying popcorn and drinks, you will get way more enjoyment out of it than a few hours. Thumbs up cause in a year or so this game will be top of the charts in its own way."
,Recommended,440900,29705731,Posted: 4 February,all,tyranysaurus,"This game is in an early state, which is clearly said when you go to purchase it.  It runs poorly.  There's glitches and bugs galore. Things are going to change and be added and taken out between now and who knows when.But the game is fun.I can't wait to see how it develops.  As a long time fan of Conan, this is a glorious representation of that grim, brutal world. They nailed the atmosphere flawlessly.  The game has a very strong foundation and I'm looking forward to seeing how it grows."
76561198046230325,Recommended,440900,29701390,Posted: 4 February,all,Porkwarrior,Fun game so far. Hopefully only gets better.
76561198008554393,Recommended,440900,29703863,Posted: 4 February,all,Mindbender,"Simply amazing game, especially for EA. The Devs [Funcom] really care about the game and continuously update the game everyday with fixes and features. They listen to their community and fix issues that are brought up asap. The rubberbanding issues are mostly resolved now, I no longer lag and rubberband 24/7 on the server I play on which is amazing. The leveling system in a survival game is really cool and unique, as well as the story that the game has. Building and crafting is pretty good, but could use some refinement and the combat is brutally fun and gory.Definitely recommend 100%"
76561198052288149,Recommended,440900,29848525,Posted: 11 February,all,yegga10,short & sweetHave played ALL the other survival games - this one is the best!
,Recommended,440900,29643607,Posted: 1 February,all,Risk,"righto theres a few things that are ♥♥♥♥ed and are really ♥♥♥♥ed is the rubber banding and the glitches where you see half of buildings and♥♥♥♥♥♥, dont get me wrong i know its alpha but ♥♥♥♥ me if i die to a random ♥♥♥♥ing hyena again  its gunna do my head in and its not just one its ♥♥♥♥en 5-6 six of the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, if they fix it, it would be epic better then rust and ark but ♥♥♥♥ me get the team out of bed and fix the ♥♥♥♥en thing"
76561198055220055,Recommended,440900,29983735,Posted: 17 February,all,Darth Mehtar,"It is fun to play with all its fighting,surviving and building systems. The things I love the most about the game is its unique atmosphere and world with all its  creatures, the idea of enslaving npcs,and summoning avatars. Also the graphics are amazing!Since its in early access, it still needs a lot of work in terms of fixing bugs, lags, crashes, etc. But tbh Funcom have been doing a great job with updates and bug fixes since day 1. The day i bought the game, i couldn't join any server, and when i did, it was too laggy in an unplayable way so i had to stick to singleplayer for a while, then after the first couple of updates, most of the bugs were gone, it has stopped crashing consistantly, i was able to play on various servers normally and have experienced just a little amount of spikes.I am looking forward to play this game for a long time since more content will be added such as mounts, new creatures, dungeons, and much more. I am also curious to see how well the game will do during its full release. If u love survival games, and Conan The Barbarian , then its the game u're looking for!"
76561198151397082,Recommended,440900,29679254,Posted: 3 February,all,Stahl,"Im terrible at reviews btw. but i think about 45 hours i can have an opinion.Its good. feels a bit like ark, but without the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ bugs. theres a bit of lag ofc but c'mon its just released. the combat feels pretty good, making you keep an eye on your hp and stamina. but atm it feels like if you got good enough gear and level you can squash alot of things.aaaanyway. this game IS GOOD. you can cut people in half. raid people. knock them out and sacrafice them. you can knock out npc's and force them to be your slaves and fight for you. you can pretty much build anywhere!so yeh. cya in game :3"
,Recommended,440900,29679130,Posted: 3 February,all,Reaver,"If you like games along the lines of Rust and ARK, this is a must have.That being said, Don't fool yourself into thinking this is a clone by any means.It follows the usual routines, pick up rocks and sticks, grab some plant fibres, craft a pick, away you go.But from there the game really branches out.Having a God to choose at the start of the game adds a very ""faction-esque"" feel to the game that makes it all the more different.Being able to choose whether you want to be an Archer or a Swordsman, A club wielding brute, A crafter or a gatherer. NEEDING to work together with other people to get ahead.Things like this set Conan apart from similar games.And even though it's in early access, the Devs are in constant communcation and are really listening to the community, being very active in the games development. Staying true to the Early access Model.Worth the buy, Even if it's just in anticipation for future updates."
76561198055834525,Recommended,440900,29679236,Posted: 3 February,all,jwheavyman,"Where to start?I found this game by accident if I'm being honest! I read the Conan books as a child and loved them, I'v also tried other Conan games and found them lacking.I also play very simluar games to this (games that include large dinos roaming around) and find them intresting but lacking as well.So the question is what where those games lacking? The other Conan games for my self at least didn't have the true freedom that represented Conan from the books. The raiding and murdering, the adventure and grimdarkness. Don't get me wrong I love a role play game but Conan requires freedom and choice.So if I needed freedom of choice why are the other survival games lacking? They lack lore. Certian dino games are awesome to play with friends and mess around with creating crazy bases and taming awesome dinos. But there isn't fluff. There isn't substance. I'm not saying I expect roleplay from a survival game but lore and fluff will never hurt any game.So I found Conan Exiles and found it an unpolished pebble. It has fantastic lore and fluff backing it, it has freedom of choice, But it's early access. I can only speak for my self when I say if this game delivers then it will be the perfect game for me.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~So lets list out some pro and cons.Pro's-1) Lore/fluff backing the game, quite literally 12 DECADES of books, comics, movies, board games and art.2) Grimdarkness. This is a personal pro for me I needed a game that had a dark feeling to it. Not a horror per say but the brutailty of human nature shown in a spotlight.3) The Dev's seem to be honestly in love with the lore and fluff and so far at this point in time (Feb. 3 2017) seem to be fully and whole heartedly invested.4) This is a personal pro as well. The Barbian edition of the game. You know you are supporting the making of this awesome game. You also receive little in game items but instead receive very real limited edition items which in all honest is a mark of a great company that cares for it's customers.Con's!1) It's an early access game. Normally I don't support early access I'v been burned too many times; However recent purchases (within the last year) have given me hope. The certain dino game was released in early access and I threw my support behind it and so far it's been a great investment. I hope that investing and putting my support into this game will turn it into something that we can come back to in 10 maybe 20 years and still be able to replay. I honestly have hope for this game but being and early access it will still be on the Con list.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Now to address the ""mixed"" Reviews. As I stated before this is an early access game. I by no means encourage people to purchase this PROJECT. I say project because that is what it is. This is not a game yet. You are not buying a game, if you pruchase this you are investing money into a project still in it's early years. To those people that complain of lag and horrible rubberbanding I say you personally are damanging the possiblity for a great game and I do not appreciate it. Yes the project has a problem with lag and rubberbanding however I found that like other games of this size closing all other applications and not joining a server with a high ping has minimized the problems.I know this is has been a long read so for those who don't want to read all that.TL;DR, You are investing in a project not a finished game. Give it a chance I personally love it and I have hope the Dev's are going to work with us."
,Recommended,440900,29635329,Posted: 1 February,all,Jarla,"24hours later, enjoying the game more and more as I progress through it.Price tag is a little steep however I am enjoying it so no regrets.Game has a lot to offer: Exploration, crafting, PVP ...   some say the fighting is clumsy and awkward and i think its fine.  A matter of adjustment ... I think its fine."
,Recommended,440900,29777898,Posted: 8 February,all,Kjekking,Fantastic fun.Very addictive.Looks great to be a early access game.I do only play singleplayer for the fun of building my own little fantasy world. ;-)
76561197990258560,Recommended,440900,29831605,Posted: 10 February,all,Luminous Pixel,"One of the best, if not the best survival game out there. Can't wait to see how this game develops in the time to come.Funcom i mitt hjerte!"
,Not Recommended,440900,30238894,Posted: 28 February,all,Videshi,"In it's current state, I can't recommend Conan Exiles, not even to people interested in supporting Early Access titles. I'm not sure about the future of Conan Exiles, either, though I will be keeping an eye on it.First of all, people are constantly comparing it to Ark, both in terms of how stable/functional it has been upon release and in terms of gameplay. First of all, while it may in fact be more ""stable"" than Ark was on release, the amount of game-breaking bugs I have experienced in my 14 hours of Conan Exiles has been staggering. If I were to list them all, this review would go on and on. Some examples include:enemies teleporting beside you after you've run away, npcs farther than 30 feet away just slide around unanimated, npcs drifting into the sky, all thralls disappearing off of the map, suddenly being unable to place any buildings, being unable to swing your weapons/tools, stacks (yes, stacks) of enemies suddenly dropping out of the air nearby, spiders clipping underneath the map becoming invincible, the AI cannot swim and can't handle water, no locational sound for most monsters so no matter the distance or direction the sound plays full-volume, all sounds except for player sounds vanishing, shrines vanishing... More stable? Sure. Less buggy? No. Haha. No.I'm not sure why some seem to think it's graphically amazing. I'm running at 2560x1600 with settings on ultra, and it runs very well - but that's because there's very little going on. I'm a 3d artist myself, and I can say that the textures are not only very bland but we're missing out on good specular mapping and reflectivity. It runs well because, frankly, there isn't much going on. The color palette is fine, but the environment becomes bland. We'll see what happens in the future.As to comparisons to Ark's gameplay... I'd say Conan's a bit more akin to Rust than Ark. There's a bit more in terms of PvE with caves and dungeons to dive into with others, though, the building is a bit more easy to use and is more forgiving with terrain... Conan Exiles is it's own beast. The melee is meant to be more interesting, but at the moment it's not functional. Swings often simply do not connect, blocking only seems to put the blocker at a disadvantage by allowing free hits by the attacker, and dodging offers no protection while allowing free hits, taking up stamina, and not going nearly far enough. There's a rusty framework in place, but it's not there yet.At the end of the day, you only get to make one first impression. My first impression of many of the early access titles I've bought has been ""This has a long way to go, but it's pretty great, and I can't wait to see it in a year"". My first impression of Conan Exiles is ""This has a long way to go, it's pretty bland and empty, it doesn't work properly at all, so I hope it's at least playable in a year"".If that changes, I'll change this review. If it remains in a comparibly poor state, or is for some other reason unacceptable, I'll add updates below.Update 04/04/2017: Every patch that has been released thus far has introduced new, game-breaking bugs. From not being able to place any buildings, to all thralls vanishing off of the map, and this morning most of my structures have just vanished along with everything in them. This is the Conan MMO all over again. Funcom: *test your patches before releasing them*."
,Recommended,440900,29789118,Posted: 8 February,all,Phobos88,From what ive played so far in the game. just the pvp multiplayer servers. I am very impressed with it for being in early access. There is already a bunch you can do in the game and a huge map to explore with secrets. The only game Ive heard of where you can summon a god and enslave a village. The developers are very active in the community aswelll. I had one personally take his time to help me on teamviewer to get the game running on my rig which was very kind. Also the game has been out for only a week now and there are 2 updates alreayd I believe. I have very high hopes for this game as a survival mmo game. Servers are popular. People are streaming it. There is a small learning curve at the begininng but nothing a couple of hours of messing around on a server wont fix. Also there is a pretty basic but effeciant character creation menu. Kinda of like skyrim character creation I guess. You can also change voice and choose a religion. I think there are 4 or 5 you can choose from as of now. Also you can choose your Race aswell. I chose Hyrkanian because im a huge red sonja fan. Yes its is alpha so there are bugs and things that are broken and need to be polished and changed. But for being in early access and just coming out the game is in a good healthy state with a bright future I think. Worth $30.
76561198075151039,Recommended,440900,29787104,Posted: 8 February,all,elvin9999,Love the game. All the fun and creativity of some of the best games for building and structures. But also allows a combat element. It also has the capture so that you can train your thralls like you were dinos in ark. All in all a great game with stillness alpha phasebut if you're willing to look past all that you're in for a great treated this game
,Recommended,440900,29889293,Posted: 12 February,all,bad_eyes,"So far i really like how the developer is updating between 1 and 3 patches a day and is activly working on the game.  The building mechanics are ok to good, they need some work.  The pvp can be fun and commical.  The admin stuff can be funny at times as well.  Overall I would say its definetly worth a look at and you just want ot relax and enjoy yourelf."
76561198008101478,Recommended,440900,29861580,Posted: 11 February,all,swordscope,its ok
76561198033103383,Recommended,440900,29877556,Posted: 12 February,all,entilzha66,"I'd suggest to wait a bit longer until the game has more meat on the bones. It looks good now, but wait for more additions!"
76561198017047509,Recommended,440900,29919005,Posted: 14 February,all,Jack9361,"5/10 for pvp servers 6/10 pveThe game is very enjoyable at the start as you unlock new weapons and armor and find new creatures to butcher but it slowly turns into a grind for leather and stone and maybe iron if you pick a silly location to set up. However if you don't mind grinding and manage to build a nice base from which to wage war on the rest of the world then this game may be for you however the servers are not stable they crash, stutter and lag out of the thousands of people who purchased the game in the UK there are are 2 PVP servers holding 40 each the rest are pvp blitz which are the ones that reset everything Every month so queueing can take between 20mins to 1hr 10 which is the longest I have waited. When you do get on you must invest a lot of time on pvp servers to make sure you can't get raided as your going to get out leveled fast.ProsVery fun when playing with friendsGreat map to exploreGFX are great tooBase building is very funConsServer stability which kicks you out to queue againTrolls who place foundation stones all over the map blocking you building and stopping AI camps and materials from spawning.Bugs which can be expected in early access like getting stuck in rocks, base not loading in when you start up.No way to report issues.Lots and lots of exploits for example. can't get into someone's base pull a rhino over and fight it by the wall, afk and still gain experience blocking up the server slots, log out near a wall and log in again to walk through b3fore it renders.ENJOY"
,Recommended,440900,29631160,Posted: 1 February,all,Nexxa,"Barely into early access and already blows ARK out of the water. Runs smooth as silk, nudity is always a plus, and I can't wait to beat people over the head and make 'em into minions."
,Recommended,440900,29781360,Posted: 8 February,all,SpacePirate,"Server Issues aside, this game is amazing. So far I have found this game to be challenging in a way that keeps me eager to strengthen myself and survive. The combat needs work of course, the ability to dual wield, parry, block adn have strong light and attack combos would significantly improve this games core fighting mechanincs. Weak points on enemies with the bow would also be nice. Horses and boats would sure add a lot to this game also. I enjoy how well crafted and original the world of exiles feels, the attention to detail and the map. There is so much you can do and all the time to do it.I am looking forward to seeing this game grow!"
,Recommended,440900,29774433,Posted: 7 February,all,YouTube.com/ManRat,This game is SOOO much fun. Its much better than rust and all other surivival games out there. MUST Try for sure.
,Recommended,440900,29835495,Posted: 10 February,all,Refueled,"HAS great gameplay, does need work though and thats to be expected for early access. PLENTY of potential."
76561198018141136,Recommended,440900,29641907,Posted: 1 February,all,Dwarf-Lord Pangolin,"This is what I wanted ARK to be. Still needs work done on it, but that's the point of early access; they're letting people play around with it so they can get feedback before they finalize balance decisions.BTW: it's early access. That means it's not finished yet. You're touring an unfinished construction site. Read the early access warning before you buy it. I personally don't mind playing a game with rough edges, but not everyone's the same. If you're expecting polished gameplay, wait to buy this until it's out of early access. Don't be that guy that buys an early access game and immediately starts kvetching about how it's not finished yet.Please."
,Recommended,440900,29754952,Posted: 6 February,all,ResonanceFrequency,"So much potential, I hope Funcom doesn't choke on this one."
76561197984323845,Recommended,440900,29755472,Posted: 6 February,all,ivel,Good
,Recommended,440900,29781001,Posted: 8 February,all,Marlborored91,Really awesome games great things are about to happen for this games some bugs yeah but its to be expected like the joining or leaving clan bug that auto crashes server but other Than some  minor issues this game is doing way better than some other early access games thank u fun com keep up the good work
,Recommended,440900,29641991,Posted: 1 February,all,Skury,"They fixed the rubberbanding issues on official servers, and are active on reddit. Patches frequently too"
76561198018098427,Recommended,440900,29752134,Posted: 6 February,all,Ramorc,"Good game with great potential. Had a few connection and lag issues, but they have imporved greatly. Dont know why it has mixed reviews, people dont seem to understand what an early access game is."
76561198171914430,Recommended,440900,29843828,Posted: 11 February,all,Beanya,Love this game.   It is like Rust and Ark had a baby and made greatness without guns.     Some bugs but it's alpha.  Nothing that can't be fixed.  Devs are awesome.
,Recommended,440900,29860339,Posted: 11 February,all,scotty1196,There is a lot to this game. More than most people seem to know. I have high hopes for this game in the coming patches and so forth.
76561198114329602,Recommended,440900,29752245,Posted: 6 February,all,Here'sWaldo,"Atmosphere is amazing. The music, sounds, the scenery. Well done Funcom. Now just fix the bugs so we can start getting new content...new biomes anyone?"
,Recommended,440900,29690843,Posted: 4 February,all,coach nigzerino,"awesome game in theory. few creases that they ironed out within 72 hours and shows alot of potential.Graphics arent nearly as bad as reviews say, and the playerbase is enormous.MAKE SURE YOU PLAY WITH MOTION BLUR ON - it makes the graphics unimaginably better and its nothing like the usual terrible motion blur in other games.Well worth the money imo"
76561198127433383,Recommended,440900,29756699,Posted: 6 February,all,Jack_Doff #BluePrintHype,"this game is what you would get if ark, rust and skyrim came together and had a baby and called it conan exile (what ark could've been if it didnt take 1h to train a dino)"
,Recommended,440900,29864494,Posted: 11 February,all,Fzhoul,"It is early access, and due to the popularity the offical servers are at near max capacity. Which in turn due to the poor optimizations of the game causes server lag and other odd glitches. HOWEVER, if you find a small server and play with 5-10 people on a private server. The game play is amazing. The building of bases have taken to much of my time not because of the difficulty but because of the amount of customization and depth of the construction. The world is populated with enough interesting landmarks and hidden locations, to keep you feeling like you are exploring a new world for many hours. Most of the complaints on this game are due to lag and optimization of the game, however we have had daily updates on the servers for optimizations and removing game breaking bugs. There is a lot of work to do, however so far the progress has been siginifcant and in the right direction.I am enjoying the game and I can't wait to see what they add into the game in the near future."
76561197999999338,Recommended,440900,30020777,Posted: 18 February,all,xdaxkiller578,For a game that has only been out about 3 weeks this game is great. Havent tried 2 much of the pvp been mostly playing on pve servers but it is fun. It is a grind fest it can get frustrating at time getting attacked by 5 spiders who posion you then you die of poison but overall the game is really fun especially with other people!
,Recommended,440900,29791968,Posted: 8 February,all,tj0ka vEsl3mØy,"14 HOURS SPENT INGAME SINCE LAST NIGHT..We are 5-6 players cooperating in the game. So far we have focused on ensuring that every member has focused on each our spec. which gives us access to more work equipment, armor and building materials.Out in the world there are several NPC clans as one can attack to get resources or slaves.I have played on two different servers, one with major lag problems and one that has run almost flawlessly with server FPS always over 30.Have now reached level 12, and it is still very much working towards to increase level and unlocking more talents.The game itself is more than playable and full of challenges whether it is in the early access. looking forward to even more content in the future to come!Very immersive games, and especially when with friends!RECOMMENDED if you like games in the genre (Y)"
,Recommended,440900,29756817,Posted: 6 February,all,Lord-Gore,"the games fun, i like it better than ark, the nudity si not a selling point but absolutely hilarious, 3 barbarians roaming the hillside with their stuff flapping in the wind, my how games have advanced."
76561197971782393,Recommended,440900,29855180,Posted: 11 February,all,Koyaro,"This is how you release a game in Early Access! Almost all the big bugs fixed within the first week. Daily updates that fixes stuff, and plans for updating the game with new content rapidly! Can't wait for the future of this new winner!"
,Recommended,440900,29910916,Posted: 13 February,all,MeiMeiOw,"First of all since this game is still Early Access, some of you may experience a lot of lag spikes and or FPS drops. Here's a thing, once you loaded in and made it to the center, go to the mountains and start building your camp. Once everything is rendered, I experience less fps drops. (Lower the distance and set your FPS cap to 60 to slightly fix it)Support this game, as this game constantly updates every now and then. If you are patient enough though.List of + and -'s: <for now>+++1. Combat style2. Structure designing3. Good Graphics4. Character Physics (jiggle jiggles)5. A lot of things to craft6. Sandstorms---1. Creatures/NPCs follow you once you are spotted longer than it should be (which you have to be out of sight in order to fix that)2. FPS drops in the jungle/river bank3. Character customization is limited4. Voice bugs if randomized (if you randomized female voice, it becomes male voice in game)5. It takes a lot of time to settle down FPS"
76561197960276873,Recommended,440900,29756682,Posted: 6 February,all,TaZZeR,Visually Beautiful
76561198068612609,Recommended,440900,29959283,Posted: 16 February,all,Siouxicide,"I love Conan. For all the negativity of most individuals posts, you have to understand its ""early access"".  There will be bugs, there will be performance issues and optimization crunches.  Yes, the game is new, but get real with your spoiled attitude for a perfected game straight out of early access launch.Give this game a chance.  Its latest patch made the game alot more smoother.  Unless you have a crap computer.  If you like RUST, and want to go back in time 2000 years, then this game is for you.  If you played a game like RUST, then you have experience with its past time patches and optimizations, and will understand the game will get better over time.  FUNCOM is constantly listening to the players who play the game, and continously strive to make the players happy.  But it takes TIME.For those that complain, get off your high horse.  Rome wasnt built over night."
76561198249252804,Recommended,440900,29681410,Posted: 3 February,all,Korasuma @ twitch,"Okay first off let me say this... It is in EARLY ACCESS. With that said and it already being said by the makers.  The foundation of this game is amazing. The amount of armor and weapons is quite impressive... There is so much to explore with a vast amount of creatures to fight. There are currently 3 world bosses and also interact able NPC's. There is so much to do in this game that it will take you hours to find some stuff out. Iv found multiple caves that are deep and have underwater passage ways that lead to upcoming gods (Atleast what i thought was hints to them) with lore Dialogue to go with it. You can be stumbling along in the wild and find a shrine with a note on it with a nice lore, most games id open a note with a long text and just TL:DR but these are too good not to read if it isnt already spoken to you. All the bad reviews are people not accepting its a EA game and you get what you pay for, but day 4 into the game they have already put out 4 good patches that have increased the games quality drastically. They are working hard and i would HIGHLY RECOMMEND this game if you like the Survival experience along with the world of Conan. I'll also say before this game i have never played any other FUNCOM game nor have i watched any of the Conan movies but i surely will now!"
76561197989482551,Recommended,440900,29641095,Posted: 1 February,all,Darkphoenix,"It's ARK but more primitive with better melee combat, so far I like it I'll update my review once the server issues are resolved."
76561198084975819,Recommended,440900,29761478,Posted: 7 February,all,aLn|Squid-Insurgent,"honestly most of the neg- reviews are coming from people that dont take the time to play this game fully (in its alpha state) i got it on launch, i played 1 hour then this was my first steam refund ever (not hating on the game just I felt i would come back later), but something strange happened the next day when my money was back into my account...i kept thinking about this game...kept wanting to build more, hunt more. and the leveling system was kinda cool how it is set up...i wanted to try new things. So the next damn day with the money right outta steams hands and back into my account...i re bought it, ya no joke...but now I cant stop playing it...I have a HUGE ammount of real-estate walled off and i have been building and gaining levels like crazy and IM HAVING A GREAT TIME!! So please dont listen to all the hate about this game and if you do get it, and dont like it at first like me, just give it a little longer and play around with it a bit and I am pretty sure you will be amazed at what you find!Also the devs have been pushing patches and adding things like crazy...3 patches the other day!! This team at fun-com are busting their asses and listening to the community on a level very rarely seen in this field, if ever...and thats something I will stand behind and I hope all you ney sayers all revisit conan exiles again and give this game credit where it is due beacuse the ""mixed"" review does not seem fair IMHO lets get this into positive reviews and support this game and team, ITS FUN! hope this helps a little....anyway i gotta go drag a thrall off to my base, then maybe use his heart to please YOG the evil god, and get some evil brownie points! peace!"
,Recommended,440900,29716225,Posted: 5 February,all,Toxic,"A lot of people are hating on this game due to lag and bugs. But they don't understand what Early Access means. Early Access means that the game is bound to be full of bugs, and it isn't a fully released game yet. What's not to understand? This game may be too early in development to give it an accurate review, but I think it is great so far. This game has already given me hours of fun (16 in the few days it's been released) and I was a little iffy about the pricing but if you like ARK and Rust this game is well worth the cost."
,Recommended,440900,29682454,Posted: 3 February,all,Reagle,"Conan exiles, after 10 or so hours of gameplay, is a great game despite many issues in it. The good thing about the issues in this game especialy for early acess is that they are things that the devs have actively said they are working on or things that i know from game dev experience can be solved. One thing that has made me want to stick with this game through its development its the developers want and ability to keep the game up to date, they have worked hard on already releasing 3 or 4 patches of decent size within 4 days of games release and they all seem to fix issues, well for me they do.This game has a great concept and is executed fairly well for the stage its in. yes there are issues, but the game istelf works well, its playable, it has some good concepts that work well and some that dont, but that is why they are in early acess, to actively find out what works and what doesnt with the community that play it.Now for a list of pros and consPros:Graphics and optimisation-The Graphics on this game are good, they seem polished at this stage and i think most importantly it runs well. for me other ea games like this run poorley barely getting 30 fps (I have a terrible computer) but this game gives me at least 40 most of the time.The game world-The game world is really well done, i love the setting and the feel, not much more to say about it really, exploraion is great and I love the animals and buildings etc.Cons:Current Lag issue-There has been a lag issue on almast all servers i have found from day 1, Bad news is, it is the one thing really holding thus game back currently, good news is they are actively working on this to fix it so i hope to see it out of the cons list soon.The games leveling and UI for thatYes, the game i feel does have an issue with leveling, i found thati spend most of mmy points eraly on into some blacksmithing so light armour and light weapons, only to have found out that now i wont be able to go down the building path completely due to using quite a few points up. i think there are some big improvements that can be done here but ill leave them for another time. The Leveling ui definately needs a think over, they are all out of order, there is no ""tree"" as such just making it hard and confusing on what you want to do and need.CombatThe combat currently feels odd, it may just be the server lag but some eneies feel way to weak and some too strong, and the way it works doesnt add for much skill just click fast.So everything i have said good or bad about this game may be a different experience for othe people, bit as of right now this is a good early acess game with developers who seem to know wha they are doingi give it at its current state 8/10"
,Recommended,440900,29624797,Posted: 1 February,all,DeimosErebus,"Definitely early access (bugs and optimization that will be addressed later)+The map is HUGE and full of buildings, villages, cities, ruins, caves that are occupied by NPCs+The crafting/leveling system is very much like Ark-There are NO mounts, though it seems pretty near inevitable that they will be added.+Has VERY high potential for Role-Playing Servers, as wellAt it's current standing, I would say a 7.5/10All in all, with progress being considered, this will probably be a 9/10 at release. 9.5/10 if mounts are added"
76561198188768531,Recommended,440900,29861903,Posted: 11 February,all,Ka D'argo,"Only reason I'm writing this review is because this game deserves some more positive feedback. The atmosphere is amazing and the game is very engaging. There is some minor in game bugs but nothing to game breaking. The major issue they need to work on ASAP is more optimization and reducing server lag. However this has gotten much better. Now you can play on a server with 30 people with little issues. In the future they need to improve the combat system(especially archery), character animations, NPC AI's and resource/NPC despawn radius in accordance to player made structures. Overall this is a great game and its definitely worth the 30 dollars. It has so much promise and I can see nothing but positive growth for this game."
76561198064481155,Recommended,440900,29799161,Posted: 9 February,all,BritishEcho,"This game has a long way to go, but whats there is already great!Pros:-Well optimised, game runs like a dream on my system (Although you can make the arguement that rendering a desert is not exactly hard).-Graphics are pretty. Nothing groundbreaking, but it looks good.-Beautiful soundtrack, you won't find yourself turning it off.-Building and Engram system, very noob friendly and easy to use. Much better than a certain other game I will not mention.-Building your own army, a slave army. After beating them senseless and breaking their spirit on the wheel of pain you can assign roles to them, ranging from archer, huntsman or your own smithy.-Devs seem committed, game has been patched nearly everyday since release, fixing server issues people have been finding. I have full faith at this point that the devs will not fail to deliver a great game here.-The 'god' system. I find it cool that you can choose a god to worship. Unfortunately I don't know how it works yet so I can't provide detail, still the fact it's interesting is enough to warrant it being on this list.Cons:(Read these remembering this game is still in early access)-Combat system, is a bit crap to be honest. More visual feedback needs to be added, things like staggering slightly from being hit or maybe even falling over entirely if hit by a heavy weapon you were not prepared for. I dunno the combat just seems a bit undercooked and I hope it's improved in the future.-The Ai, is derpy to say the least. Serious work needs to be done here as it's very easy to exploit the Ai currently, which lowers the challenge of the game by a margin. Although they are hard early on, if only for the sole reason why is that you have nothing to defend yourself with...-No official servers, I feel bad for putting this one here and im hoping to soon remove it from this list. FunCom have already came out and said that they are currently searching for a new server host to run their servers from, after their last choice couldn't keep up with the demand. Hopefully one has been found and they are in the process of switching, once that happens I will update this review and remove this. I put this is as a negative for the sole reason not everyone likes unofficial, if only being because servers can disappear over night, resulting in you losing hours apon hours of work.That's all I can think o right now. Overall I love the game, and I recommend it!...Just remember this is an early access game! You have been warned, so no coming to the disscussion page and moaning something does not work, or the servers got wiped or any other thing that is a trademark with early access titles."
76561197964253273,Recommended,440900,29705767,Posted: 4 February,all,Protac,"I'm impressed! Played 8 hours so far, and only explored a corner of the map and built a small two level building there. Building is very good, and love that you can build into cliffsides and such.Monsters are pretty well balanced, challenging without being frustrating.Yes it is early access and some things need improving, but patches are being pushed out frequently and the most annoying issues such as rubberbanding is mostly gone now. No crashes either since the last patch and been playing all night completely stable.Recommended buy from me, just keep in mind it is early access!"
76561197985679061,Recommended,440900,29622792,Posted: 31 January,all,angstseed,"After playing 4 hours straight with a friend on PVE I can say this is, for better and worse, Ark without dinosaurs, and rust without as much grind.  It's a lot of fun.My setup is an i5 4670, R9 290, 16gb Ram, and the game played at a comfortable 30-50 fps with most things high or ultra.  Mostly it was right under 44fps, which is really annoying for me because my freesync monitor kicks in at 44fps-144fps.It looks better than Ark in a lot of ways, and some of the traditional fundamental ways of collecting crafting components is just so much smarter in this game.   Common resources are easy to find, but look natural.  Enemies can be pretty easy but don't get comfortable.  We wandered away from the starting area after crafting some base armor, shields and stone swords, and bows and arrows (which are buggy but do work).  We found ourselves surrounded by spiders, which we easily dispatched.  They spat poison at us which seemed to slow us down.  So we thought we were OP - and took on 5 at once.  These spiders must have been a slightly higher level because they weren't as easy to kill, and what we soon realized is that the poison which slows you down also STACKS.  Pretty soon we had 18, 19.. stacked poisonings, slowing us to a crawl and making us unable to block these new meaner spider attacks.  And then we died.  But it was a fun adventure!Overall, for 30 dollars I recommend it.  4 hours was not enough time to give it a full nod, but if you like Rust, Ark, the Forest, and other crafting and survival games, this is a fun one that takes some rather OBVIOUS cues from those games and polishes the things I like about the genre up to a nice shine.  I suggest playing on a PVE server to get used to the interface and understand the systems first.  I love that this game can just be PVE.  It's a lot more laid back for that reason.  It's got a few bugs but only crashed once when I was playing.  I think the water effects were the thing that most dented my performance, but at 1440p and knowing how UNOPTIMIZED Ark is (seriously, we don't need more dinosaurs or maps, we need optimizations) it ran quite well.   I liked the setting and the vibe the game has of being a barbarian in a dark fantasy world.  The creatures were cool, and tribes were scary.  It was fun cutting them in half with my sword or bashing them into the ground with the large stone mallet.  Funcom has never let me down, and this game is no exception so far.Anyway, give it a try if you have the extra cash and don't mind a few bugs.  If your system can deal with Unreal Engine/Ark it should take nicely to this."
,Recommended,440900,29622846,Posted: 1 February,all,unmun,"Ark, but better.EDIT:  The developers are extremely active and listen to the community, daily updates, and are amazing at fixing the game.This game has a bright future!"
76561198001792223,Recommended,440900,29681111,Posted: 3 February,all,Fawge,Conan Exiles is an extremely promising games for those who like survival games like Rust but wish for more. The base / city building elements are really cool and the ability to capture Thralls ie: NPC's and convert them into your own base defenders / dancers / artisans is a really good feature.Right now the game is plagued by severe rubber-banding issues and other server related issues. Having said that the devs have already acknowledged these issues and are working to fix them. In the first three days of release they have already released several patches to fix issues.Do not judge the game based on the first few days of alpha early release. Because as soon as they fix the server related issues and the rubber-banding bugs the quality of this game will improve tenfold.I am not one of these 'fan boys' just a realist. Those who are trashing the game based on the first week of an alpha release are either idiots or uneducated goons. I am sure in a fortnight the game will be in a much better state than it is today.
76561197993645762,Recommended,440900,29644430,Posted: 2 February,all,Dogmai,"Formed a cannibal cabal, slaughtered dozens of denziens, and made a server full of strangers grow to fear Brusque the Strong. Sure, it's got bugs. But this is dumb friggin fun. Take over the world? Solve the riddle of steel?Pros:Can crush your enemiesCan see them driven before youCan hear the lamentations of the womenYOG.Cons:Got a couple of bugs???:Got at least one guy to quit by saying ""Welcome to Rust"" after slaughtering him."
,Recommended,440900,29797596,Posted: 9 February,all,Teflon Don,"Very nice survival game. The game has been out for 9 days as I am writing this. I must say that the develepers have been amazing! New patches almost every day. If they keep this up, Conan Exiles is going to be my favorite survival game."
76561198105183917,Recommended,440900,29798161,Posted: 9 February,all,Seijūrō Akashi,Well its fun
76561198052232403,Recommended,440900,29897103,Posted: 13 February,all,PeterGriffin1984,"Can be hard at the beginning, but the more you get to know about the mechanics, the more easier it gets. Very large world, nice locations and enemies (also bosses). It's fun to play with clan mates.As for the technical side: It's running great for me on medium/ high, got a 4790k and an old ATI HD5850.No crashes so far.But: Servers need optimization, far too laggy and restarts are required every day."
,Recommended,440900,29795342,Posted: 8 February,all,SekriessDarkWalker,"If you like games like Ark but the game is too difficult then this might be a game for you.Pros:Danger around every cornerBeautiful landscape and terrainThe crafting system is not complex and simple enough to figure outSlaves to speed up tasks.Combat is not too difficult too early on but not TOO easy.A creative mode for those with Admin power on a server, build the house of your dreams in minutes instead of hours or if you just suck too much at gathering.Cannibalism!Cons:Until you build a shelter there is no rest for you.Slaves glitch on the wheel sometimes and timers reset, can take between 1-3.5 hours to enslave a thrall.The occasional glitch, not as bad as some people claim though.The rules regarding needing pillars for 2+ story buildings aren't clear.Cannot place structures sometimes with no explanation as to why.Corruption in caves and main city but no explantion as to how to purge unless you look it up. You need to find a dancer and enslave them!No main storyline like Ark, but then again it doesn't really need it i suppose.Vegetation spawns in your house.If this were a final build this would get the crappiest review from me, but so far i like my level 13 cannibal. 8/10 would recommend you try the Early Access! :)"
76561198074076412,Recommended,440900,29945052,Posted: 15 February,all,aaron_adams62,"awesome game, still in alpha but has extreme promise"
76561197970845141,Recommended,440900,29946642,Posted: 15 February,all,Vikings,"Im putting this in now becuase this game is rated too low for a brand new Early Access game.  The game is a bit laggy but plays for now and a new patch to address just that is on the way soon.  Some people are having trouble connecting in muti player, but 'boo hoo', those issues will be adressed in the next few weeks.  It is hardly a reason for a bad review.I hate it when people give a game a bad review  just becuase they cant figure out how to run it on there own rig or thier system specs are too low.  You can scrap about 20% of the bad reviews or more based on that and connectuvity isses alone.  I know that my review is not a proper review either, but I think they have a very good start of what will one day be an excellent game assuming they stick to thier roadmap.Sooo here is my thumbs up or rather my thumb in the eye of all those people whining about things that the devs will fix in a week or two rather then rating the game for fun factor and/or potential."
,Recommended,440900,29691989,Posted: 4 February,all,Murloc,"The game is alright for an early access. I've played a fair deal of it, and the only thing that is the main issue with this game at this current point is server lag. However, it is not too bad. It might depend on server to server, but often there none lag whatsoever. Funcom is working on fixing this issue, I believe it is their top priority at the moment.Overall, the game is good enough to get a recommendation."
76561198002386545,Recommended,440900,29708144,Posted: 4 February,all,Kyus,"""Crom is strong! If I die, I have to go before him, and he will ask me, 'What is the riddle of steel?' If I don't know it, he will cast me out of Valhalla and laugh at me."" ~Conan the BarbarianHaving a great time with friends playing Conan Exiles, yes its early access and has bugs but FunCom are all over it with constant patch fixes.Really enjoying the world of Conan Exiles"
76561198036048734,Recommended,440900,29612301,Posted: 31 January,all,Roasty,Great Survival game WITH FRIENDS:CRuns great on ultra settings 144+ fps
,Recommended,440900,29816483,Posted: 9 February,all,Seth Thorne,Plenty of potential here.
,Recommended,440900,29726199,Posted: 5 February,all,Ausura,"I'm a huge fan of survival games with PvE aspects, I dislike PVP servers as I am only playing relaxed and would like for my stuff to be there next time I log in to have some fun. That is one of the reasons I always play on official PvE servers that way there are no admins abusing power or the server just disappears because they didn't pay the monthly fee for it to be up. I also like to play with the originally intended EXP and crafting time I like that building and progressing should take time, unofficial servers tend not to go that route instead they go for the 4-5x EXP and increased resources etc. I know there's probably not many people who like that playstyle but believe me there are some of us.The first 2 days I had a blast playing this game even though the lag made the game unplayable, then the server I played on disappeared, in fact, all of the official servers got taken down. The servers were hosted by pingperfect and it turns out that Funcom decided to end the partnership with them because they did not deliver the quality they wanted. I agree the official servers lagged really bad and you were rubberbanding all over the place. As I'm writing this review the official servers are still not up, the Only news we have right now are that they have found a new partner but they cannot give an ETA on when they will be up. I haven't been able to play the game in 4 days, But I understand the decision behind it because the servers were really bad.other than the servers the game is pretty optimized for a game that almost just launched in early access. There were a few bugs but that is to be expected from early access. I love the lore of this game, I love the incredible focus on PvE content, unlike other survival games. There's lots of caves, dungeons, and plenty of bosses to fight, rare weapons to be found, capturing slaves to get them to work for you like capturing a blacksmith so he can make special weapons. There is so much content that is already in the game and they are updating daily. I love how they listen to the community and then launch a patch the next day completely revamping something they thought would work but turns out community don't like.  This game could be really good in the future they have so much cool stuff planned."
,Recommended,440900,29818491,Posted: 9 February,all,Crynoste,the game is nice but what i want implemented is  that if i am not online and i have slaves standing at any production thing that the bruducktion goes on and dont stopssome slaves wich can farm some things for youand water creatures   and animals wich i can tame
76561198042361144,Recommended,440900,29822339,Posted: 10 February,all,NaCl,"Enjoying it, Less connection issues that For Honor, found a good private server with minimal rubber banding / lag and had some good pvp slash fights, fun stuff"
76561198061497947,Recommended,440900,29772769,Posted: 7 February,all,Hoodini,"So with almost 30 hours in i think i got enough to say a thing or two about the game:Good things:1: Amazing intro to the game which makes you get a little understanding of what is going on around you, compared to where some games just push you out into a world where you got no clue wtf is going on.2: Once you are in the game and start playing you spawn outside the map in the desert. Not far off, but just enough for you to breathe.This is really nice as i wouldn't feel like i have controll over my surroundings if i got placed in the middle of the jungle.You start off nice and slow with a little bit of basic things laying around.3: The farming and building game!;In some games where farming is a huge role to get somewhere, you will often find yourself spending many hours in the start just to be able to build a little house. And litterly for the rest of the server session...Were in Conan starting off with gathering resources is quite simple. Getting maybe a 4x4 house will take at most 15-20 min, and with this as a start you are off to something good!4: Exploring time!Once you have settled down somewhere you can go begin the exploration of the world of Conan.Conan has ALOT to offer when it comes to exploring:-Different types of monsters all around the world!-Different types of NPC'S all around the world!-Different types of animals all around the world!-Many different caves around!-Dangerouse areas with even more powerfull creatures!!! And this is in the undead City! (Or whatever you wanna call it)-A god damn beautifull world in general <35: The leveling system!The leveling system is both interesting and really well done!Figuring out what to unlock, and what skills to improve is all up to you as you gotta figure out how you want to play the game. And if you are scrolling down through items you can unlock and find an interesting one, you can get info about lvl requirement and what other things you have to unlock before this one will be avalible just by klicking on it.Also if you wonder what different skills does before you upgrade any, you can hold your mouse over the text of the skill and it will tell you what advantages it gives.For the first 35-40 lvls you need to spend your points (for unlocking) wisely as you will have limited points to spend!Same for skills but spending some points on the ''wrong'' place there wont be as crucial as a wrong unlock.In the beginning i would reccomend you to increase you stamina pool and how much weight you can carry as farming and running is the most common thing to do for starters.Also if you are playing with a friend try to avoid unlocking the same things ;)6: Solo/duo mode!This mode is amazing. You can think about other survival games and how often do you see a solo mode? I would say very very rarely... BUT! In conan you can run solo!!! *Woooh*''But mr unicorn. Wont it take away the fun of having other players around you? And the pvp and all that?''No.. Not really. On one side yes, but on the other side no. I will tell you more about the no side on a bit further down.Yes side is that some npc camps, places to farm and so on is hard to get through alone, and having someone with you would always be nice. You can do so in duo mode with friends, but online there will always be people around.But more about why it is amazing. In solo mode you are the admin yourself. You decide how fast things are gonna go. Everything you now do and want to do, you do in your own speed.Maybe you are one of those who is waiting a little before you buy the game, and once you do you kinda wanna learn the basics before jumping into the populated world. Solo mode let's you do that. It lets you learn, descover and understand how the world of conan works, and this is why i love it <3You can even reset points as admin. On online servers if you screw up, you screw up. But on solo mode you can fail as many times as you want and it wont matter cause you will always have the oppertunity to redo something.-Bad things about this game :(( I really don't know which order im gonna do these in so they will be a bit mixed! )1: Crashes, lag, stutter, server issues and so on...The optimization in this game is awefull... aswell as the servers are the most laggy ones out of any games out there...Yes i know it is a pre-release and it came out a bit over a week ago, but seriously... online servers are a pain inn the♥♥♥♥♥♥to play on. They bring more pain than joy...I'm running this game on this system: I7 6700k (4,7 ghz), gtx 1080, 16gb 3600mhz ram, 200gb ssd and a 1tb hdd.I cranked the game to max setting plus 6x msa, and well the visual is amazing, but in so many scenarios the fps drops to below 30 and makes the game less enjoable. I tried to turn off msa and it helped out making the game smoother when it ran above 60 fps, but stil got the same frame drops and stutters as before.I have even been in the situation where conan used 13gb of my ram!!! It nearly crashed my system cause of the ram usage... Also. If you have an higly overclocked gpu you should probably crank that down a little as this game wouldnt run when mine was oc just a little...If you know pc specs and see that this system have trouble running this game you know the optimization is not at it's best.2: Online gameplay:There are positive things about playing online like meeting new ppl, pve together, epic pvp battles as so on. But these things are also what makes this game bad to play online.As the game is insanely laggy pvp-ing is really hard as you just teleport back and fourth while slashing your sword into the air. In the beginning you could destroy someones base with your bare hands... They fixed that, but alot of the raiding problems are still there. Let's say you have started fresh on a server and the first day you made it to lvl 15. You go offline. And boom you are raided... ''But i put a door on and sealed off the roof and everything... how did this happen?''.Well. Once you get iron pickaxe and hatchet you can breake into basic doors just in a few hits... Raiding is so easy that new players will go to sleep knowing that all the stuff they worked forr is now gone... In early lvls it's so hard to defend what you have managed to get. It's more or less impossible to defend your poor home.And may i ask how in hell is this even close to fun?It isn't. And most groups/clans you will find around on servers will do whater they can to screw you over and make sure you wont have an enjoyable time playing.This is one of the main reasons i stay away from online servers...Oh btw. PVE servers which are ment to be ''friendy'' servers... you can stil raid people and steal stuff. So it's litterly the same as pvp just that now you can't defend your base at all.3: Communicating online. You got global chat, nearby chat and voice chat. Everything works...aaaand then they don't. Typing chat might just randomly dissapear and you can now not communicate with the world <3Voice chat is on and off. Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't. And sometimes you just hear stutters.Also there is a voice range indicator which will tell you how far away someone is from you while talking ingame. This thing might also get stuck to the left of your screen and never leave. So for the rest of your gaming session or untill you restart the game you will have this text saying ''Unicorn: 46m''.4: You remember the yes and no side to the question ''But mr unicorn. Wont it take away the fun of having other players around you? And the pvp and all that?''Well. I told you i would say more about the no side, but by now i think you know why it wont ruin anything. It will honestly make it more fun...Do i recommend it? Yes. It's not that expensive and gives you so much back. The map is bigger than you think and there is always things to do :)But solo/duo mode is the way to go untill the online things are getting better!!!(I ran out of letters btw)"
76561197973200397,Recommended,440900,30021836,Posted: 18 February,all,Bizkets N Gravy,"One of the most enjoyable survivial games I have played thus far.  There are some issues with the game but the developer are quick to fix bugs and make QOL changes in the game.  The game has a lot of potential and the future additions to the game look promising.  The world is quite vast but can be traversed quite easily with T3 gear and Iron or Steel weapons.  I think the hardest part to anyone who is new to the game is were to build their base that has a good mix of resources.  I personally dont have any issues with the game that would prevent me from not recommending this game.  But I will say keep in mind this game is in ""ALPHA"" so its a work in progress.  So if you can deal with some minor bugs here and there and you love to build crazy bases and fortresses then give it a shot.  I loved the game so much I went and rented a server to play on with my friends and new random people!"
,Recommended,440900,30019420,Posted: 18 February,all,{TGC}Fr33,"^warning will change for every major update!!!!so for i laughed, cried, got salty as hell, got some awesome revenge raiding in and i teabag everything in sight which makes me a happy man or lasy whatever im in the mood for so far so good........."
76561198126352217,Recommended,440900,29892216,Posted: 12 February,all,warrenthetaurusking,best survival game i've played in a long time. can't wait to see this one grow.
76561197992772401,Recommended,440900,29993954,Posted: 17 February,all,vindicatethis,"Know O' Prince... That This Is An Early Access GameThis game is beautifully awesome, considering it is in early access.Notice the phrase:EARLY.... ACCESS.Most of the negative reviews and other complaints I've read are written by peoplewho don't understand what Early Access means.-Sure the game has many many bugs...-Sure the patches fix stuff, but also break stuff...-Sure there are performance issues and certain unstabilities...But guess what? The game, again which is in early access, is not even a month old!!Already there are:+Spectacular visuals (You should see a sandstorm in nighttime).+Wondrous sense of discovery.+World bosses that make you go ""OMGWTF?!!""+Bashing NPC's in the head with a club and dragging them back to your base.+Making said NPCs your slaves(Thralls).+Thrall types that liven up your base (Especially dancers).+Human sacrifice.+Good leveling system and skill points.+Hours of fun and procrastination, and still not having discovered it all or ran out of things to do.+Selection of server&community types (So you don't have to get cancer from PvP and/or worry about your home constantly).+Could've probably said this under visuals, but this game does an amazing job at capturing the feel of a morning sunrise.+......The developers are very active as they pay attention to discussions on Steam and Reddit, and respond, and actually fix things as swiftly as they can.tl/dr-If you like the world of Conan The Barbarian, and if you're looking for a spectacular open-world survival game, and you have the mental capacity to understand what early access means, you'll love this game.-If not (especially if you don't understand what early access means), wait a while and get this game when it's in a better build, or when it'scomplete. This is important... save us your ♥♥♥♥♥ings about a game that is still in the making.By the time this game leaves early access it is going to be ♥♥♥♥ing amazing.10/10 (Considering it'searly access)."
76561198204876164,Recommended,440900,29996346,Posted: 17 February,all,Fallen Asylum,great start cant wait to see what this game becomes
76561198039736695,Recommended,440900,29733170,Posted: 5 February,all,Selling Chicken Aimbot,I must have been born in the wrong generation because I find that catching slaves in this game is pretty fun.
,Recommended,440900,29758416,Posted: 7 February,all,MEGAWATTS,"I would recommend this game to those who have patience and realize it is an early access survival game. When the game works, it is excellent. They are still hashing out server issues and bugs and will most likely continue to do so for the coming months.This is not a finished game, but it does have massive potential that hopefully is realized sooner than later.Praise Crom!"
76561198228566740,Recommended,440900,29995513,Posted: 17 February,all,HigherKhaos,"Please make it so I can skip the intro. Please.....Good game; just please make the into skippable againI honestly would prefer to load at the ""Your cross awaits exile"" screen"
76561198212399317,Recommended,440900,29642232,Posted: 1 February,all,TCwinalot,Here's a review for ya!  I like the game if you don't good cause I don't care 6/10 in its current state. I will change my score and maybe give a better review once some of the bugs are worked out in upcoming months.
,Recommended,440900,29995981,Posted: 17 February,all,Coolbreeze,"Conan > ArkIf you want a game that doesn't have a million different stupid ways to have your, heavily grinded for, base recked in 5 minutes by anyone on the server, you'll love Conan. You'll love it even more if you saw the movies first.Right now, the only downside is, because it just came out, many things need to be tweaked and fixed. They just made some major imrpovements to FPS problems that many people were having, and right now in my opinion they need to tweak enemy AI a bit more (A pack of enemies will chase you halfway across the map, but will catch up with you before that ever happens). A bit about the AI is, if you have a base way out into the far end of the map, and somehow die without a set spawn bed (you can only make a single use bed until lv13), then you spawn at the very bottom of the map EVERY time, unlike Ark. This is the most screwed up joke about the game at the moment because it is very easy to be killed by the agressive AI that again, won't stop chasing you.I'll leave the actual content of the game for you to discover, but that is the jist of the current situation, enjoy."
76561198359815507,Recommended,440900,29859746,Posted: 11 February,all,Sjohesten,The best survival ever.
76561198097877489,Recommended,440900,34315312,Posted: 17 August,all,StarkLXXVII,"This game allowed me to experience the curious social interactions of meeting strangers, naked, in the wilderness and discussing each other's genitals without feeling judged. It's more of a scientific comparisson and notation.10/10 would recommend, simply for dong mechanics."
76561198031226028,Recommended,440900,29634397,Posted: 1 February,all,Son of Kos,"Seems pretty decent, the building looks far more intuitive than ARK's and after a few hours of play I've made a much more aesthetically pleasing base than anything I've seen in-game on ARK.Will update this review further along the line, but most negative comments are due to instability. I'd wait before buying this, but it looks like it'll have a lot of promise once these problems are solved. Upvoting just to add a bit of optimism to the review page."
76561197964058484,Recommended,440900,29811711,Posted: 9 February,all,BEERGRILLS,"CE is a challenging, sometimes frustrating, yet fun game. It runs well on my 2011 laptop Asus G74sx 64-bit ROG Win10 on low settings. Thanks to Funcom's hardworking team, the game is getting better and better by the day!Content to look forward to in the coming updates before full launch in 2018:-Siege weapons-Dye system-Dungeons-The Purge-Animal taming and mounts-Sorcery-Thralls settlement system-Biomes-etcSource:https://blog.conanexiles.com/en/look-things-come/"
,Recommended,440900,29811738,Posted: 9 February,all,B/\NDiT,Good game! constant updates good devs
,Recommended,440900,29845111,Posted: 11 February,all,ThUnD3r,It`s good!
76561198035898502,Recommended,440900,29658785,Posted: 2 February,all,Proxemus,"Actively updated, and problems being fixed each day. It can only get better from here!"
,Recommended,440900,29645141,Posted: 2 February,all,Rinera,"The game needs a lot of work, and I mean a lot, to be considered finished. But unlike many other similar games, there's multiple signs of competence from the developer's side. Enough to say that the game might get to a good state relatively soon.That shouldn't be much of a surprise, seen as this time around the developer is not a random new studio or an indie but Funcom, a studio with a lot of experience and big games behind them.But enough of that. So, why should you concider this instead of other games like it? Well, first of all, the setting! Everyone knows at least the movies and how brutal and harsh the world of Conan looks, which makes it a great set for a survival game with a lot of background lore already in place to take ideas from.That's all nice and good but what could it possibly provide that's new? Combat! Obviously. Again, it's a freaking Conan game, and the focus on combat is apparent. Having proper fights with all kinds of beasts. Things like active dodging and power attacks, etc etc. The AI of a hyena even tried to intercept my sprint at some point! Unfortunately, right now the state of the combat is... not great. Monotonous is what I would describe it and only relies on spamming that attack button. However, if the current system is ironed out properly with tweaks here and there, it should be a lot of fun. Fortunately, Funcom seems to be aware of this as stated in their Early Access description.Does it run well? Compared to other survival games like Ark (which uses the same Engine), it runs like butter, but that doesn't say much. Still, on my system it had no serious issues even after tweaking all the settings to max, but getting to 60fps constant was not really happening, though always above 40 and remained smooth. Since it just launched, this will probably be improved at some point, even by a small amount, but for a new Early Access game this is more than enough to show that the devs mean business.But is it something I would recommend right now? Yes, but only if you got a friend to play with to cut on the tedious grind without cheating through admin panels. If you want to play alone or join a random server instead, I'd say you should wait a bit. If you want to throw money right now to help a project that shows competence, yeah, go right ahead!"
76561197985903334,Recommended,440900,30442008,Posted: 11 March,all,Wayzz,it looks pretty queer but overall its pretty good. i would give it a uh 10/10.it also has t i t s
,Recommended,440900,29728280,Posted: 5 February,all,VenatusVox,"Well, i'm new to this type of genre & i am no good at reviews lol, but you can check it out here :D.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fp1RtCFA5mI&feature=youtu.be"
76561197971052866,Recommended,440900,29703201,Posted: 4 February,all,d0ub7e_t@p,"It's early days but this game definitely has the potential to be something big. Would recommend giving this a go, just be aware that it is early access so have patience and remember that it is work in progress!"
,Recommended,440900,29614369,Posted: 31 January,all,GioGimic,"This game has a beautiful world full of wonderful creatures and human AI, Theres story elements placed around the world and ancient structures you can find scattered throughout the land. If you've read the features list it tells you that slavery will be a thing and that you can sacrifice players to your god to summon an avatar to fight for you.Performance wise the game runs fairly well scattered freezing but consistant FPS with little frame drops.(Im running SLI and Unreal doesnt support it so not having the best of times with that but thats a me issue)This game works great for both PvE and PvP over all i'd give the game a 8/10 in its current state and i look forward to seeing updates."
,Recommended,440900,29717631,Posted: 5 February,all,Myrtheus,"How to write a review for a game that is not even a week old and is early access? You really cannot. However, I feel I need to write one based on the negatives I am seeing and reading. Do not let the negatives fool you: This game is fun.First off, I am not a pvper, so I cannot give you a review of that. I am more of a coop player and I play one a server with my friends. With the server settings, you can make it as easy or difficult as you want. It is a very good coop game so far and to go thrall hunting with your friends is very fun, although, Thralls tend to be fragile.I’m not a fan of the level system, I prefer a point system. The more I work a skill, the better it should get. I never understood how I could suddenly make the best armor by killing imps for a week straight. A point system would be best.Combat does need a little work, my sword can slice through three mobs at once… also, I am not sure how my club sliced off that npc’s foot… But this is early access. That is something people need to understand. Just because you spent money on it and you can get it from steam, does not make this a polished game. It is up to us to polish it.What they have released is still pretty solid. The ambient sound is very well done; I tend to whip the camera around when I hear some monster roar. Also, that damned fly buzzing around my ear is very annoying, but part of the immersion. A few secrets have been found and I love the building system. Stairs in the side of the rock and a building on top, I love it.As far as cons go… it’s hard to tell. The game was developed a year ago and released to early access. There are server problems and rag doll problems… crashes here and there, but the biggest pro of it all is that they have been working to fix them all. Sure, there are features I would love to see, like a little magic that we as players can use. Summoning an Avatar is fun and all, but I would like to do a little more with personal magic. Again, I do not play on the main servers; I play with friends or singer. So my review of the game will differ from others.But I see a potentially great game that I am excited to see grow. I look forward to seeing new features added and a few new creatures as well.All in all, I would recommend this game, but it is not for kids. This game has earned its 18+ rating. Do not buy it for your children. If blood and nipples offend you… stay away from this game. Simple as that."
,Recommended,440900,29717087,Posted: 5 February,all,Erictheslayer,"As a server admin and hosting Siggerud Gamehosting i have had little problems with this game so far.  It runs ok Even on my laptop from 2011 with gtx660m. And i think the work the devs Are doing is great, this game has already surpassed Ark in the form of stability and optimazation. But og you Are a person who do not like to restart several times due to new patches you SHOULD wait :)"
76561198255813899,Recommended,440900,29713334,Posted: 5 February,all,TRISCUIT,All around great game I love the building fun leveling your charater up. Fun to play with your friends you think you have played for an hour it is being 10.
,Recommended,440900,29716495,Posted: 5 February,all,Astalonte,"The is great but It's need a lot work. They have a really good fundations. You can play and have fun in this extremely adult and brutal game or wait and see how It goes. It does not wort right now 2x pound but because It's beautiful and there is a great company behind I give it a up vote..., It;s fun, and It's just the first week in EA!!!"
76561198035391503,Recommended,440900,29614015,Posted: 31 January,all,lagrie,"Playing Solo.Love the game so far. No frame drops. Playing on Ultra.There is bits and pieces of Lore, Notes, stone tablets... etc etc.Lots of weapons and Outfits (no there arent just the 3 you craft..., search the world, dungeons and enemies)For an EA game its pretty good. i Didnt expect much after seeing the reviews.. but tbh i was wrong.i Hope they will add more and more to the awesome world of hyboria.+ mods are on the horizon !If you are a conan fan go for it !Pros:- actual lore (still not ALOT but there are bits and pieces)- Lovely enemy designs.- Good graphics- Footsteps in sand ( i really like the touch)- CONAN- Armor and weapàon designs fit the world- Pretty big map atm.- Pretty well optimized.- Combat is well done BUT..Cons:- Ai is good but it needs some work.- No big frame drops for me but i know there are some on some builds.- Server issues for online atm of EA.- Combat is well done BUT, it could have improvement ( dont get me wrong i actually like it, just maybe needs more fleshing out to do)More to come as it seems ( and i hope it will)- mounted combat- MOUNTS duh...- More armor and Weapons- mod support ( i wanna start making them)- New Biomes (one that is present atm is actually diverse)- AND more...Enjoy the world of Hyboria ! Enjoy the talk with Conan.Enjoy the game people !Sorry for the bad english (not native language)"
76561198256430084,Recommended,440900,29714793,Posted: 5 February,all,hellrazr91,Developers are on top of this game. Very good communicating about changes and issues. Just a week in but can see myself sinking 1000's of hours into this game. Already more polished than some similar games!
,Recommended,440900,29849352,Posted: 11 February,all,Tobias,"It's got the three C's - Cthulhu, Cults, and Cannibalism"
,Recommended,440900,29835132,Posted: 10 February,all,Awful Citizen,"So I logged into a PVE Server and noticed the PVP Flag was enabled.  I found a peaceful loving ""tribe"" who showed me their iron mines.  I mined iron until I leveled up enough to make an iron broadsword, then I went to town and I killed everybody.GG 10/10"
76561197988237363,Recommended,440900,34341452,Posted: 18 August,all,Ondeck,"Has potential. Looks amazing. I love the conan lore, so I'm hoping for the best. So far it has been fun."
,Recommended,440900,34336266,Posted: 18 August,all,vu1ture77,why all the hate! the new expansion has so much new content and more story i will definetly be getting back into this game once my graphics card arrives
,Recommended,440900,29675159,Posted: 3 February,all,Heady,Its like ARK without tammable dinosaurs + 100 fps + slavesi rate 10/10
76561198003425277,Recommended,440900,34069892,Posted: 6 August,all,Attila[DK],"After Dark and Light,  Ark, 7 days to Die, Dayz and so many other failures, I was hesitant to buy this ""Conan Exiles"".Being an old geezer of 50, I was playing computergame when you are just a baby and I have maybe played 3,000 computergames in my life, I am perhaps a bit choosy and very quick to uninstall.This game rocks completely. Its a grown ups game, easy to master and incredibly awesome. This is the best ""Early access"" game I have ever tried. Was quick to buy myself a server for mere 9 euros a month, having the luxury of deciding which settings are set to what, and leaving behind all thoese griefers. Got myself a PVP server for me and the boys. The world is so cool. The graphics is really nice desert like with arab tunes and a feel-freeeeeeeeee feeling to it all. (except for all those npc monsters that are ALL out to get you) :)A must for warrior,builder, explorer types. So many awesome things to do from, building a passage castle to prevent the other a-holes (my boyz) from getting to that iron, sewing really neat pillows for your master-kingsize-bed, building armor, getting slaves (yes you can get slaves...lol), killing crocs, climbing mountains - so awesome controls!...You name it! OH my God! This is a killer game! Might even be in top 5 of the best games I ever played...Yes there are a few bugs; just restart your server or your game, you're fine. I do not agree with those who flame Funcom. I think this is a masterpiece of a game.Pray to God its not going to be abandonware :-)And yes, you should really try it out... Thumbs up !!! and swing biceps (that those steel reinforced bad mo...fo ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ sword you just spend 3 hours getting)..."
76561198025418924,Recommended,440900,34302299,Posted: 17 August,all,NeonBaron,"so i believe i will have to request a refund but will definitely consider repurchase if some things change.1. WHY DO I ALWAYS DEQUIP MY GEAR WHEN I SPRINT i get it lets you make an easier sprint animation but it is really annoying to requip after efter short jog2. changing controls is really buggy and it does not support my mouses side buttons.3. the ui can be very confusing and odd i actually had to look up some youtube tutorials just to figure out how to properly cook foodps. fps drops are pretty annoying i will overlook this because this is an early access gamepros:easily one of the prettiest open world survival games out there now, has some good musical work as wellcombat is there and the ability to block is a game changer from every other survival crafting game"
76561198159988838,Recommended,440900,29777175,Posted: 8 February,all,AnaDemon,i love this game... i was so hyped when i bought it even though others hate it.. honestly i dont see anything wrong with it so i dont see why people are complainning.. i read some other review and see what people complain about but you people are forgetting one thing... its EARLY ACCESS.... so yes there are gonna be bugs and what not and im sure the makers and trying to fix them... its just like ark still bugs there and almost 2yrs later still fixing its bugs... but anyways enough with my rambles.. i do recommend this game to my friends...
,Recommended,440900,34355080,Posted: 19 August,all,ProGun,Got it to play with Friends. We have a rented server with game switching on it so we can play almost any game out there on the Fly.   So yea we are having fun with it so far.  The Netcode needs work for sure and the Ai needs work. Sometimes most of the Animals are just running around in circles and sometimes the mobs will disappear and then end up behind you.It is in EA so im sure it will get worked out.So I give it a overall 6/10 for The Pve content. Dont even try PvP lol
,Recommended,440900,34355101,Posted: 19 August,all,Meeshifo,"i enjoy the game and dont mind the grind, but when playing it can take many tries to join my friends game where i doesnt lag really bad or just freezes, another thing is I dislike the feature where the owner of the server drags you around if you stray to far but i understand why it is there."
76561198015995017,Recommended,440900,34372449,Posted: 20 August,all,Dailly,Very charming game!Nice building and pve part is ok for early access.I think this game is going to be bigger and better then ARK when its done.
,Recommended,440900,34343524,Posted: 18 August,all,xxxDENNIMONxxx,"Ok i tried this game back in Feruary when it came out...played 30 min back then..it  was an absolute mess..i didnt own it back then.I bought the game now 2 days ago for me and a friend {the great 16th august} after all the patching and new world maps and new content..the new server choices/ settings attrackted my attention a lot..Its been 6 months since i played it the first time..and i must say  after a whole days worth of playing it was awsum ..i had only 2 glitches for a few seconds which while using my pick to hit stone my weapons changed to other weapons i didnt own or had on me..this was the equvalent of 10 seconds only.Further there was no lagg or glitches or rubber banding ..all smooth sailing the whole days worth of playing except for 1 croc that was circling his own tail for awhile but it fixed itself.Remeber ARK has been out for 2 years and i have been playing it..it was just a buggy mess for a long time and i must say ARK update 264.00-264.33 has had a lot of changes and fixes with memory and cpu issues and performance making that game nice to play now.Conan has only been out for 6 months ..give it time to get more content and get better ..performance/fps wise its great .I give it currently a 8/10 for what it is right now.Personally i would like to see better AI of all the animals in-game as they dont behave realistically yet. or like heyinas that spawn under water and stays alive.I would love to see more MYTH in the game like Hydra ,Minotaurs ,Centaurs ,Cerebrus the 3 headed dog of Hades ,Manticore ,Yeti in the North ,cave trolls  ,sea monsters ,and horses for us to ride on for traveling.Their is religion in the game..along goes monsters and the after life and mythical creatures all goes hand-in-handAnyway hope this comes to game world"
76561197967509191,Recommended,440900,34338297,Posted: 18 August,all,JOHNNYVAIN,"Its early so I cant talk to bad about it.  IF the devs do a good job, this could possibly be the next ARK.  Beautiful game.  I got it the day it came out...and it got old FAST.  Its definately more fun with friends in a pve, not alone in a pvp.   If u got some cash layin around....get it....cuz in time it will be great"
,Recommended,440900,29929755,Posted: 14 February,all,Nogrim,"New standard has been set for early access in my humbled opinion. i picked this up with low expectations, i play a lot of early access so know the drill. i was instantly impressed things are still in need of some serious refinement but its got a great grasp of the basics.i write this at the 87 hours mark, im still enthralled (pun intended) with it. there is a lot of room to expand, and so far the Devs have been excellent in considering feedback. the game seems pretty stable now after some early growing pains (this blew up a lot bigger than even i expected) there is still a lot of room for improvement but the few patches have made major differences.if you liked game like Rust, or Ark you'll find things pretty familiar with a bonus of being set with the wonderful world of conan done by a larger team, than either."
76561198120616588,Recommended,440900,29894634,Posted: 13 February,all,falc0n,They have a true gem here i just hope they dont♥♥♥♥♥it up like ARK has done
76561197961262921,Recommended,440900,34378252,Posted: 20 August,all,SpikeInHeart,"This last update fixed a lot of issues I encountered technically. Now the games runs well and I can finally enjoy it on my 3 years old laptop.The gameplay improved a lot too, I like the new fighting mechanics.I'm confident about the future of this game, it's a good bet."
76561198123531850,Recommended,440900,29799494,Posted: 9 February,all,Howdy Doody,"This game will be great as long as there are patches and update from the devs. Right now there are issues; iIt's called Early Access. If you think the graphics are mundane, then you haven't explored the map."
76561197984230365,Recommended,440900,29799336,Posted: 9 February,all,-¤lζ|2Ø§§¤-WickedMonkey,"Even though it's early access right now I'd highly recommend it! It's challenging yet fun, and I am sure they will add more later on. The only downside is I've built my base at the river and all the iron and coal seems to be in the middle. It can be pretty tedius to go back and forth to get essential materials. I suppose it is viable to build up there but not practical to have to build two bases, a starter one then a main one."
,Recommended,440900,29911739,Posted: 13 February,all,Sk00bs,get exiled
,Recommended,440900,29905624,Posted: 13 February,all,Welcome2Valhalla,"Promising Survival Game, in Robert´s E. Howards world of Conan the Babarian.EARLY ACCESS !!! So a lot has to be done, from the developer.Things they´ve got Rigth:- Awesome Base Building- Easy and goodlooking Charackter Creation- Fast Preformance improvements & Bug fixes [Keep on doing that]- Possibility of Large Servers, to make other Players your most fearsome enemy- Modding Tools- Decent priced [Remember that you spend money to support them not for an finished Game!!!]Whats need to be done to be successful:- AI Improvements! Make AI Enemys behave more like what they should represent in the World. Approaches could be make crocodiles lurking predators that hide in the mud or sand or stay passive when seen and not attacked. Hyenas should be trying to figthing/hunt in at least small packs. An Campfire should ceep you sfae from animals in the nigth, but be increase the range of agression from Humans. TheHuman AI in general should try to out smart you, use a variety of tactics, try to addapt to your game style. Look at Games which done it rigth like Fear for example.- An more Complex figthing system. Depending on players aspiration [RPG/PvE/PvP] rigth klick isn´t really satisfying. It must not be an second Chivalry but thats the direction in which you should look. I think it is important that he weapons- An good GUI.- Realism/Plausibility. Reparing your Stuff e.g. shouldn´t work while figthing and should take some time.- Mandatory: more stuff to explore, more items [add stuff for an tempoary encampment], more and deeper dungons XDThe setting is something far Different form what you could be seen and that old school fantasy before Tolkins Elves & Orks fits the Survival genre perfectly. So far it has been an Fun experiance and the world feels alive yet. Would appriciate if you improove it more, maybe some small peacefull towns, travelling traders and i really like your idea of shifting sand dunes. Building my Fortress espccailly that i am possible to fill it with my own NPCs is just cool. It looks very prommising to me since the Developer seems to be dedicated. [Who the Hack is released a patch Saturday nigth just before four o'clock?! :) ]"
,Recommended,440900,29654166,Posted: 2 February,all,Jenneh,"TLDR ; Don't use official servers unless you enjoy lagging every couple seconds and mobs being glitchy, I recommend the game if you have friends to play with and don't mind losing your base every time you log off pre level 23.Edit: Since this was posted they fired the Official Server hosters, as well as fixed the raiding issues.So I bought the game when it first came out, and I'll be honest, i currently have love and hate for the game. My love for it is it's overall way of play, i enjoy the thrall system, i enjoy the beautiful characters, and i really love the fact that the game runs 100x better than ark ever has.Now let's get to what i hate....First off, the official servers are garbage. It's possible it's been fixed since, but the first couple days official servers were unplayable unless you wanted to stab yourself in the arm over and over.Secondly, crafting speed of certain items. I play on a default crafting speed server, and for the most part it's fine... until you realize a single T2 foundation requires roughly 20 mins to craft(as a whole).Thirdly, Balance. At the moment, building a base pre-T2 is pointless. At level 10 you unlock metal tools, which is all you need to raid anyone under T2. Which is level 23 for a full base, 20 for just foundations. On a server with default EXP gains and default crafting speed, it's quite terrible.Fourthly, Dual Wielding. Wonderful concept, one i really looked forward to as in games that offer it i always love doing it. However, in the current build... it's absolutely useless. Other than Sword and Shield, which isn't Dual Wielding, there's no actual reason to have something in your right hand unless it's the ritual dagger for faster carving of hearts. I do hope this changes as it was one of the things i looked forward to the most.I'm posting in the hopes of developers seeing these current issues. I love, but hate, the game. I'm hoping to see how dedicated you guys are to fixing it up.Anyone who comments to complain about how this is an EA game, i won't pay you any mind. This is to help the developers. They need to know whats wrong. 24HR playtime over 3/4 days, i think i have room to speak at this point."
,Recommended,440900,29612420,Posted: 31 January,all,Tyson,"This game is fun so far... 6.5/10 EARLY ACCESSIt's in early access and it will improve but if people stop playing it I'm sure the devs will just throw this game away...I've been looking at a lot of negative reviews and people either say it's laggy or they rubber band around the map in multiplayer which never happened to me yet. I also have a♥♥♥♥♥♥cpu but a good gpu and run this game ultra at 90 fps... therefore im guessing its a gpu heavy game.But yeah, I don't get how people are hating on this when it's in early access or especially saying it doesn't run well... Get a better PC you ♥♥♥♥ing toasters... Myth: Half of the Steam community users game with dual core processors."
76561198039043727,Recommended,440900,29633277,Posted: 1 February,all,UPSman32,"Best Avatar ♥♥♥♥♥♥ 2017!!!Seriously, those throwing bad reviews for bugs, balance issues and all the sorts...shut up.  EA for a reason, enjoy the experience of helping to build a better game or find another one.This game has good potential and I will play the♥♥♥♥♥♥outta of it until i get bored."
76561198120436974,Recommended,440900,29729501,Posted: 5 February,all,PL3CT0,"Played 6 hours straight, BEST early access game I have played in a very long time."
76561198008215892,Recommended,440900,30098212,Posted: 22 February,all,Keilbassa,"Reading a lot of the reviews, negative and positive, one thing that seems to come to light is that the game is buggy. This is 100% correct. The game in its current state is buggy, just like a lot of new Early Access games start out - server issues, game breaking bugs, rubbish AI, exploits, the list goes on.However, if you find a good server (Yes official servers are an issue, but there are some really good unofficial servers) then you can have a great time, PVP offline raiding is an issue but the Devs are working on this and all the other issues - some people are saying they are taking too long for this, its been ~3 weeks.. I sometimes feel that there is an expectation that things can be fixed with a simple tick box ""Oh, Jump exploit? Better untick that and update the game"".. unfortunately that is not the case, these things take time.I bought this game looking for a survival game similar to The Forest (which I love), but one I could play with more people, more focussed PVP and I believe Conan does that. I play on an unofficial server where Base destruction is off, with active admins to stop the base blocking glitches, with monitoring for exploits and I really enjoy the game.There are lots of issues still to be worked out, AI stuttering on approach of in the distance, unbalanced weapons and leveling with many more that I expect will be found out as the game progresses.But I stress again.. ~3 weeks in early access... This game has massive potential, and the Devs seem hard at work to make the changes required and requested by the community. I personally look forward to where Conan goes.So, in my honest opinion. If you're expecting a game without bugs, without exploits, without problems, without instant fixes of those problems, without some days where the game is unplayable in its early access state, without unbalanced gameplay, without all the features that may have been mentioned, without all those things you expect from a full game.. then don't buy it - it wont be for you.Where if you want a fun, building game with PVP (base destruction on or off) then set a timer for 1hr 45 minutes, buy the game, go onto local server, set all the server options to MAX and see how you find it... IF THEN you like it find an unofficial server, with a good admin and player base... and play it properly - thats what I did. Do not regret spending my money on this."
,Recommended,440900,30087661,Posted: 21 February,all,Xey,"If you are on the fence about buying this game you should ignore the mixed review score and read some of the non-salty reviews.The game is great, whilst occasionally you get a few lag spikes, you soon learn to ignore it and the game becomes a joy to play, in my personal opinion the leveling is slow and so is item collection, but because of the amazing community there is loads of servers that speed up that process to help you get straight into the action.If you are a keen Role Player and have played other games such as Reign of Kings, this game is for you. Whilst I am not the keenest of roleplayers, it was exceptionally easy to engage with players over the games text chat, or VOIP. I have already had loads of funny experiences with other players especially engaging in PvP as combat is smooth and the swordplay is fun.Whilst my review is positive there is some negative aspects about the game... Loading takes a while, so if you want to get stuck in, in a few seconds, you really wont. The map feels small... After playing for a few hours I found that I had already explored most of the map, it would be great to see an extention of the already existing map, or allow players to create their own...I would 100% recommend this game if you are looking for a fun game to play with mates!"
,Recommended,440900,29631381,Posted: 1 February,all,rabbitleader,This Conan game is good but as the company said still working on it. They just need to focus on making a lot of improvements for people who want to solo or play with other players. Also give the player who owns the world better control on how to set up the world they are in a better way were its fun for PVE and PVP players. But do not rag on it to badly they are working on the game but we need as a community of gamers tell them were there are issues in the game. Hopefully they reward us for paying early for the game and helping them out to make it better.
,Recommended,440900,29728038,Posted: 5 February,all,OpenAI (easy bot),"Fun game. Progression is pretty good, has some issues but those will probably be fixed."
,Recommended,440900,29643762,Posted: 1 February,all,Nova,Seems pretty sweet
,Recommended,440900,30129649,Posted: 23 February,all,Sam,This game is tons of fun.
76561198081050310,Recommended,440900,30129763,Posted: 23 February,all,Dixie Normis,"Been playing constantly for about a week since I got it and I have to say, even in the short period I've been playing there have been some awesome changes. When Conan Exiles comes out of early access, it will probably be one of the best games of its kind.As of right now it can be a little buggy, but bugs get addressed quickly and fixes get implemented frequently. I love the game and can't wait to see where it goes from here."
76561198041967493,Recommended,440900,29614651,Posted: 31 January,all,Sam,"Really enjoying it so far, satisfying progression and game mechanics.Hardware: i5 -4670K @4ghz, 32GB ddr3(1600mhz) ram, GTX 780ti gets stable 60fps at High/Ultra w/ 65degrees C.Come across a few visual bugs but nothing game breaking. Would recommend.Feels similar to Arc and other surivial games but im enjoying this more than i did Arc."
76561198247790554,Recommended,440900,29621714,Posted: 31 January,all,Sir0din,alots of fun with friends and  solo  dont know why so many hating on it
,Recommended,440900,29645544,Posted: 2 February,all,praetoious,"For A pre Alpha this game has HUGE freakin potential.  I already love it, its not for the feint of heart gamer.  I Highley recomend."
76561198128682966,Recommended,440900,29645371,Posted: 2 February,all,Chub.,"Good game so far, really cool crafting, action and exploration"
76561198020755192,Recommended,440900,29645447,Posted: 2 February,all,zealwing,Love the conan world still has many problems funcom trying to fix in multiplayer public servers but Conan Exiles has the most potential female character models are beautyful and very well done not to mention the hair stlyes for females really wonderful...so many games messed this up bad...I would say give the game a chance remember it just came out so they need to work on bugs and fixes but they need your support.
76561197985514794,Recommended,440900,29645418,Posted: 2 February,all,Kabo,"Awesome Game, pretty much like expected! The one Year waiting was worth it!For Conan Fans a must have, for Survival/Building Fans also a must!- typical Conan Music and Flair- nice combatsystem- very good crafting system similar to 7 Days to die.- Character Progression- Adult Game with Gore and Nudity- Citybuilding- lots of Gamemodes, PvP, PvE, Coop Mode- awesome Devs working for GamersHave fun playing!"
,Recommended,440900,29682545,Posted: 3 February,all,May,"If you look down, you can see your boobs!"
,Recommended,440900,29859793,Posted: 11 February,all,Nox,"Well, any game that is unabashedly embracing gore, slavery and full frontal nudity has my unqualified mark of approval."
76561198060586973,Recommended,440900,34332429,Posted: 18 August,all,maciora,"Great survival and building game that You can play either solo/offline or online. It has great balance to it: for example if you want to build ur own city with npc and totally within Conan lore you can totally do it. If you want to play online - just join some nice RP server where you dont want to get raids all the time and have fun. Also there is great deal of immersive exploration. Starting area is quite empty but go a little bit further north and start building  to enjoy game more...Notice that majority of reviews are from 15 yrs old with either potatos that cant run it or some stupid idea what this kind of game should be - they want to one hit everything and raid constantly... Its even funny how they whine that they still can be killed by a starter - its called realism. If you have great base it does  not mean that you should be steel proof!Pros: Building and general immersive skill progression, with kind of classes like warrior / bruiser etc, you can build whole city with NPCs like in the Conan books,  crafting system is nice and very lore friendly. Lots of monsters and content both for mmo and offline / solo gameplay like lost cities or dungeons,  bosses. Religion system...Mounts and new biome will be added so the game map will be huuge...Cons: It is EA so we will have to wait a little bit. There are some bugs and it is normal.If they will deliver and update the game more it will be one of the best game in this genre. Totally recommended..."
76561198016033576,Recommended,440900,34284521,Posted: 16 August,all,RamboGarnes,Very good game!
,Recommended,440900,34334662,Posted: 18 August,all,Biff,Early access but fun
76561198083908040,Recommended,440900,34269042,Posted: 15 August,all,Coast Malone,"This is a good♥♥♥♥♥game, the only problems i have or had are very small or have been fixed. playing on a friends coop server does mean slower progress because you are limited with in a circle around the host thats only about 100ft so it makes it hard to do multitask. other then that I like the game and love seeing new updates."
76561198007213128,Recommended,440900,34334480,Posted: 18 August,all,Znicker,Awsome game!
76561197967857829,Recommended,440900,30034938,Posted: 19 February,all,[BoB] | USN_Recruiter,"Great game, i am really enjoying it. I cant wait to see what they add to it in the coming months. Currently just building bases and such. Looking forward to special gear!"
76561197970528471,Recommended,440900,29629861,Posted: 1 February,all,-DI- R3dl1ne,after 4 hours of gameplay there is alot of balancing to do and lots of bug fixes  defo worth the buy only if you like these sort of games other wise best to hold off until most of these bugs are fixed and balancing is sortedi will be back later on down the line to try it again and test it out to write a new review
,Recommended,440900,30468672,Posted: 12 March,all,Doggo ♡,"As a new starter (to this game) Conan Exiles is soon fun to play and easy to pick up. Within one hour of play time I had a massive base plus medium tier armour. The adveture part is phenomenal, it has over 100+ different mobs (don't quote me on that) and many raidable dungeons and cities. Once you get into mid game things such as thawls (slaves), better building materials, and also explosives are available to you. These items can help you better defend your base and also benifit you will attacking an enemy. Finally my favorite thing about this game is , coming from a RUST grind veteran, until end game there all the resources frequent the ""beginner""  desert.RATING - 9.5/10 LicksThank you to who'm ever reads this and I hope to see you in game some time soon.Sincerely - Mini Doggo"
,Recommended,440900,29643779,Posted: 1 February,all,Young Buck,yes
,Recommended,440900,29821729,Posted: 10 February,all,chnchapters,"I have only played two hours so far. I will update this review as I go. I have not even got into a battle yet, I have just been farming materials and building a shelter and crafting.I would call this game so far ""A much more polished version of Rust"""
76561197979466055,Recommended,440900,29708676,Posted: 4 February,all,Matt Dealing,"Give this game sometime, it will be among the great ones in no time!"
,Recommended,440900,29987076,Posted: 17 February,all,Ronin Savant,"With almost 100 hours in, I can say that this game is both fun and frustrating, but also neither forgiving or boring.It's Early Access, and while a lot of people seem to forget that, a lot of the community does not. It has (just like other EA releases before it) it's bugs and glitches and exploiits, but nothing is severely gam breaking; no show stoppers. While this is true, Funcom has been absolutely awesome in patch releasing, community interactions, and as transparent as they can be. They have a steady presence in the Conan Exiles subreddit, providing feedback to the community.Whether you want to play solo or co-op on a private LAN server, open your server to others, or even (as I have) setup a dedicated server for anyone to play on, you can always find a place to play with others. There are currently ~11k community servers online(topconanservers.com), and this number is fairly steady. This is both PvP, PvE, or a mix of both. A lot of admins (such as myself) are active and truely want to make sure their servers offer a fun and intersting experience.The game has a learning curve, and it's a bit jagged at this time. Some things are intuative, especially if you have played any of the other high-profile survival games currently out. Some things, not so much, though this has already shown to be be a) something they are working on and b) part of the survival aspect; you have to learn quick or die to the elements.I gladly recommend this game, though with a warning: if you must have a complete, polished game, then you should wait. If you're like me and you like finding the bugs and writing reports, you want to be part of that process that makes helps the dev make a great game, and you like being an early adopter in spite of what issues come with that, then this is the perfect time to hop on the bandwagon.8/10 in it's current state, expected to be a 10/10."
,Recommended,440900,30093869,Posted: 21 February,all,Bazgrim,"Most of the reviews on here are talking about the server issues, which were resolved fairly quickly.For those unaware this is basically what happened...Funcom partnered with PingPerfect for 200 servers, when the game released on early access, the game was flooded and PingPerfect failed to meet the overwhelming demand for servers. Funcom ended their partnership with PingPerfect and found a new partner,gameservers.comand is continuing to roll out servers all across the globe. It took them a week or so to establish a partner and resetup servers.Onto the actual game review.This game is set in a harsh environment of Conan: The Barbarian, the voice acting is superb and I look forward to them recording more notes you find on NPC's. The thrall system is pretty basic right now, essentially you capture NPC's and make them work for you. (Archers, smelters, etc.) but it's mostly just reduced materials right now, but they really wish to expand upon the thrall system.I'm reviewing this game mostly from a PvE point of view. I hate games like Rust, where a bunch of people with wayy too much time on their hands constantly farm your base. They have promised lots of PvE challenge and so far this game has more PvE content than any other survival game out there imo.It's very fun and you'll definitely get your money's worth. Funcom has a good track record."
76561198067872825,Recommended,440900,29728278,Posted: 5 February,all,hgwilli,"Already much more interesting than Rust, and with a high rate at which the updates are being released. The game's ruff edges will be smoothed out very soon."
76561198054731275,Recommended,440900,34314115,Posted: 17 August,all,Terria Sharpe,New Frozen North and Climbing is fantastic!
76561198069557906,Recommended,440900,29643716,Posted: 1 February,all,big_style,I'm hooked! Few bugs and some lag but it's just out. My gf will Exile me soon :/
,Recommended,440900,34359853,Posted: 19 August,all,zerofate007,"Help!! I can't stop playing this game. Joking aside this game is great to play alone or with your friends. I'm playing PVE it much better than PVP in my opinion. PVE is less conflict than PVP, more relax on gathering resources and better in trying to stay alive for a lot longer. Conan Exiles graphics in my opinion is better optimized to compare for an example Ark Survival Evolved in the same survival game genre, that game need a better optimization really bad.The thing that I disliked in this game is the combat is rather shallow in my opinion but still tolerable. Please improve that Funcom if you can I will be happy to play this game much more. All in all this game is really good in my opinion but still needed more improvement. I hope this game got a better score to after early access is ended."
76561198124862063,Recommended,440900,34179121,Posted: 11 August,all,SOLESTERAPTOR,"There is alot of sheep complaining about how bad the game is just to complain about something, I suggest ignoring them. This isn't a defense that this game is early access or any♥♥♥♥♥kissing this is just how I view game during the 47 hours I played it.By yourself it will get rather boring if gathering supplies and killing NPCs isn't your thing. I've played it in the normal PvP setting, I'm not much of a clan person so I can't comment on that aspect. However, RPing is amazing to do on this game due to the many tools you have at your disposal. Building on this game is lovely and they give you a good amount of decor items for homes or castles, I mean you can make♥♥♥♥♥♥look beautiful.The combat isn't advanced at all or all that impressive, though I will say that it adds more variety than any survival sandbox game I've played so far  like Rust or Ark. There is the ability to use both heavy and light attacks rather than just spam a normal attack everytime, with the August 16th update dodge rolling also becomes a feature. Of course sheilds are included as well and an acceptable amount of weaponry which is being added on to.Gore is...wishy washy. It isn't bad, but it doesn't make sense 80% of the time, but if realistic gore isn't a big deal to you and you're fine with having any sort of dismemberment, blood, and decapitations, then you'll be alright as it is still rather brutal. To see what I'm talking about check this guy's vid out:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6hzkqfzB58YAs you know there is also nudity, the models look nice >:3 theres also flappy boobs and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Fun times for teabagging. So the fanservice community will also be very much satisfied.Armor, as of now it looks alright, but nothing to get excited about, the northern region update looks like it is adding some new badass sets, especially the full plate set shown in the reveal trailer. (it'll be the last guy you see.) With that said the physics for cloth and the like are very nice, you can almost forget the wind isn't real xDResource amounts and costs are getting updated along with the aforementioned update, I thought the amount was fair before, but they're making it even easier so No worries about grinding too much. Standard XP rate is also acceptable.The downside of this game is there are no mounts, which there will be later on, no special custom cooking like in Ark, enemies can be wonky at times, and there are no sea creatures as of yet.I'm sure there are technical issues too that I haven't addressed, but I can't seem to think of any at the moment. There have beens complaints about framerate and the like, but I believe those are official servers and that they have already been addressed.So with all that information above, as is, I believe it is worth the 30$, but from what I've seen it's mainly only fun if you like building or are into RP. Otherwise you'll have to try it out and see how PvP feels for you on here, honestly though I feel like this game was meant more to be played as a Survival RPG with PvP options than a straight up survival of the fittest game like Ark and Rust. Which is probably why it gets alot of hate along with some of its praise.Too long? Didn't Read? Sucks to be lazy, huh?"
,Not Recommended,440900,34383219,Posted: 20 August,all,3xtremeCha0s,"The game shows promise, but it's in a very sorry state right now. I have 4 hours of playtime as of now and the game has crashed 8 times. I don't think I've gone more than 20 minutes without seeing some kind of enemy glitched into a wall. Also, a fall that would only sprain an ankle in real life is fatal every time.It's fun with friends, I couldn't imagine enjoying this game as a solo player but I wouldn't recommend picking up this game until it's a bit more ironed out. It's in poor conidition even for early access."
,Recommended,440900,34010536,Posted: 4 August,all,DestinyChanger,"This is a good game,We could mine,shoot and harvest like minecraft and♥♥♥♥♥♥But we could make more weapons and it costs craft time,and i like that because we could try this as a survival simulatorbut no one will ever coop with mecause of the tethering and i want the devs to remove tethering if you could"
76561198052347191,Recommended,440900,29605029,Posted: 31 January,all,AuronBlake,"This game is awesome!!! Didn't like Ark, for the dinosaurs, but the Conan background is just perfect"
,Recommended,440900,34342619,Posted: 18 August,all,deadserious,"This game is great. Its not finished. People are so confused about what early access means. Of course features are going to be bugged, that is the nature of this kind of release.Its a good game, with a lot of potential."
76561197991498981,Not Recommended,440900,31325678,Posted: 23 April,all,paganlaw630,"I picked this game up just after launch and was very happy with it...for about a week. Then updates started to cause bugs and problems. After many attempts to find fixeson my own and going to the forums with no success I contacted support... and the reply I got was what sent me over the top. I was told support doesn't offer support in anything other than purchases and CD key issues, all tech issues I would just have to search the forums and look for commuity solutions to my problem. ( crashing every time I try to launch any game, offical, unoffical, and even single player game.  I have updated everything in my computer, reinstalled the game, repaired the game and changed settings around. The game worked fine... but they changed something and refuse to even try to find a fix for it telling me to keep checking the forums. Basiclly they told me to♥♥♥♥♥♥off they got their money from me and don't care if I get it fixed.  How does the community become the damn support techs for these games?I understand its a early access, I am not upset about bugs or problems, but I am very upset that ...SUPPORT doesn't offer SUPPORT to fix it and just leaves the community to fend for itself.  As for the game...Pros:- Great graphics, looks really good and the storms are amazing.-Difficulty, it can be set up with many options making it very easy or a total nightmare so no matter how you play you got a difficulty for it.-Thralls, great idea and its really fun to drag back a slave and put them to work ""Was"" looking forward to more updates on them.-Very bloody and nudity is amazing, it doesn't play around with pg13 rating... lots of bloody fights with swinging peckers and bounding ta ta's.Cons:-No help from support-lots of early access bugs and exploits, more than most early access games.-Cost, if it was a free game I would put up with much more BS from it, but for $30 ( unless you got it on sale) its far to early to buy into it.-really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ commuinity of servers, out of about 30 servers I found maybe one or 2 that wasn't full of abusive admin, and the offical servers where full of hate mongers and jerks placing single platforms blocking anywhere to even put down a fire to survive the first night or 2. I am sure a few good ones are out there, but a majority where garbage.All in all, i wish they would have just took the time and effort to give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about their players, but its just another reason funcom is failing.... Avoid buying this game at least for a while because at it is, you may buy it and be forced to wait til your neighbor finds a fix for their game so you can play.  2 months of not being able to play, no help, and no fixes... Thumbs down"
,Recommended,440900,29648340,Posted: 2 February,all,Zellar Nyte,"Regardless of what the witty hipster that is Rock, Paper, Shotgun says.  Conan Exiles is NOT a bad game.Day 1 releases, regardless if Early Access or, Full Launch.. .can be a frustrating experience.  The developer might have unexpected server malfunctions, and with somewhere around a couple hundred servers... how could you not really.I myself had issues with my server provider, as I chose to rent my own server for myself and my friends to enjoy and explore the game as a whole.  Yes it does indeed give you a different experience when you're working together and planning out a living area and what not, and that's not to say a PVE server couldn't be the same.  This was just our choice.All that being said, I find it worth the 30 dollars to go along with the developement ride and learn the game as the devs add more things.  I find it a lot like Christmas in a way, getting new items at random, or anticipating an upcoming patch with big changes.Now, back to the complaint at hand.Rock Paper Shotgun... To complain about rubberbanding on public servers, saying a company is going for a cash grab, and other misc issues you as one person have with the game... and yes John Walker I'm speaking to you... Is ludicrous.Your meger attempt at humor and blatently insulting an EA game is absolutely infuriating to people like myself who love this game.  Yes its buggy, yes server code, yes blah blah blah ... Early... Access.  It says it on the game page, its been warned... and yet you with your blog high horse can openly trash it.Anyone considering this game, try it.  30 bucks for the content I find worth it, and apparently so do 35,000+ people who have chosen to take the plunge.   I'm sure there's a few here with thumbs down for ""Development issues..."" but really, that's a tired complaint.  Give it a shot."
,Recommended,440900,34343931,Posted: 18 August,all,Icenberg,"Please, DO NOT let the ""Mostly Negative"" recent reviews be the reason to turn your cheek on this beautiful gem of an early access title. (Compared to most of the others) Yes, the game has some bugs, as all games do at first, or eventually. Coming from someone who has 800+ hrs into ""Ark: Survival Evolved"" (On XB1, not Steam so don't bother with the fact checking) This game is far more polished graphically, & most certainly in optimization. Not to mention Ark has a $59.99 price tag along with a 50$ season pass. This game just got a massive content update ALL for FREE. & it includes over 300 new additions to the game. Including but not limited to a new biome, new dungeons, enemies, weapons, buildings, & even a climbing & dye mechanic. There is already a great amount of content that DOES work. I wanted to wait & review this game more in depth, becuase I've been waiting, & planning for lots of time in this game. Which I WILL be back to redo this. But this game deserves a positive review at the moment because it's currently getting butchered by negative reviews from mostly impatient children not understanding it's early access, or people who spent near 100+hrs wasting their time using unfair/cheap exploits to try & 'win' the game, which thankfully (recently over 40 of them) have been patched. Which shows the dev team does care. Along with the fact that they've patched the new update twice already fixing numerous things. At the time of writing this review the new patch came out 2 days ago. That's a patch a day. Impressive for a small team. Yes, the game can be punishing, like survival games (for most) SHOULD be. But it's all a work in progress. The community in Conan wants this game to thrive, & you'll see with all the helpful people, (from my experience) wanting to help you to enjoy it. This game has an insane amount of potential, & I really hope you give it a chance. Just like you did this review by reading it all the way."
76561197977011176,Recommended,440900,30116108,Posted: 23 February,all,Hexius Khan,"This game is still in development, its features are simple and limited at present, however it is quite an enjoyable game and its current simplicity only helps it as it makes the game accessible. I have focused mostly on the solo-co-op experience and so far and have enjoyed it greatly.Graphically the game is very beautiful from the character model details to the world map, you will be greeted with desert dunes, oases, canyons, and ancient ruined civilisations.Combat at this time is very simple, think Elder Scrolls but without the magic, but no doubt will be fleshed out later down the development pipeline.Base building has been a treat for me personally, can be a tad annoying with block placment, but like the game its simplicity helps, gather a few rocks and logs and off you go with your imagination to bend this world to your will. You can build in and around your enviroment for example I currently have a fortress built into the side of a giant rock protrusion and have since built an altar to my patron deity on its plateau and then decided to expand said base into a nearby formation now dominated by a colossal tower that i some times brood atop of as i gaze over my domain as my thralls toil far below.Speaking of Thralls, this game features a slavery system were you attack npcs all of whom are hostile subdue them by non lethal means bind them and like Conan in the movie put them on the Wheel of Pain, and break them to your will. From there you will apply them to their profession. Some are cooks and as such speed up cooking times, Tanners for leather work, blacksmiths for weapons, and armourers for armour crafting. Fighters and archers can be used for defence of your homestead.Character creation is basic at the time, it features key races and nations of the Conan lore, classic Cimmerian, Hyborian, Shemite, Stygian, Zamorian, Pict and many more. Through the use of sliders you adjust the proportions of your character to your taste, and unlike some games you will not be making any abominations to the gods and men. The last part of character creation is your ""crimes"" which are randomly generated and are quite frankly amazing. to this day being put on a cross for ""Combo Skipping"" cracks me up.All in all very simple, lots of potential and quite enjoyable."
,Recommended,440900,31107475,Posted: 12 April,all,BadOPCode,"Damn good game.  I own a private server... like all games like this, it's just not worth playing on a public server."
,Recommended,440900,29664810,Posted: 3 February,all,RvB Caboose,"Pleasantly surprised at this Early Access release. Yes it needs work, but the start of EA is probably a bit more optimized than ARK was. The map is of a decent enough size, and variation is ok. The multiplayer  servers are getting quite a bit of rubberbanding, but not unplayable. I enjoy the leveling system, as well as enemy and animal variations. So far I'd say a great start to what can turn into an epic game. 7/10 so far for me.Pros:Pretty good graphicsNice map sizeFun combatFun crafting/leveling systemCons:Food is a little more scarce than I'd like, insects don't do enough to stave off hungerThrall capture is a pain. They die way too easily instead of getting knocked out for me"
,Recommended,440900,29962156,Posted: 16 February,all,Menphues,"So after a handful and more hours in this game, here is my opinion!Graphics: The graphics are fairly decent, offering some nice visuals and effects to keep your eye candy going for hours, if you are just chasing the graphical aspect.  They are not superb amazing but for this genre of game, they are fairly decent.. Overal an 8 out of 10 I would say!Audio: The audio I found slighlty lacking in feeling.  The music of the game is really nice to listen too, but the sounds just seem boring and bland from my point of view.  Nothing much but hammers hitting walls, bots rambling and nothing really with the feeling off atmosphere to draw you in.. so Overal I would say a 6 out of 10 here.Controls: The controls are pretty simple and easy to get used too if you like the WASD method, but there are a few bugs if you do not.  For myself I do not like the WASD method and prefer the original arrow keys method (Hence what they are designed for) and when setting the keys I want, the game often forgot them and went on to do it's on thing which was frustrating.Gameplay with everything else: So the gameplay as we all know a survival game... You need to eat, drink, sleep etc in order to survival, all while building your base... Sounds like every other survival game out there!The good thing about this game is the fact you can do coop with your friends ingame... Without buying or hosting a server, it can all be controlled through the ingame menu's which is an amazing feature, but there is one massive problem here... When doing this, you have a limit to distance how far you can go from the host... It is not that far at all, so bare in mind.  When doing it this way, you alone cannot go off to explore alone, you have to take the host with you because there is like a giant radious around you stopping you from going to far, like a child on a long leash..So what else sets this game apart from every other game? Honestly.... Nothing! Ark has Dinosaurs.... Conan has basic mobs, some can only be killed by werewolves... You summon giant gods to destroy stuff, that is it. The thralls are NPCs in the game which is good, because most games like this do not have NPC's, so that is an added bonus and you can build with easy of the snapping tool.Would I recommend this game? Really I want to say 60% yes and 40% no because to me, this offers nothing new and amazing that warrants the £26 asking price.... When the game is finished then it is worth maybe £26 but right now it is worth between £16..99 and £19.99 and the game offers nothing new to survival games, so proceed at caution.Oh and one last thing, the updates for this game are pretty regular, which is really good work to see and I hope this continues... So right now as I write this review, updates are happening weekly if not daily to fix issues in the game.  So fingers crossed they keep this up to get it out of EA.."
,Recommended,440900,34300977,Posted: 16 August,all,Punkface,The Frozen North has absolutely pushed this game over Ark for me. This game deserves to be near the top of the survival food chain.
,Recommended,440900,34330682,Posted: 18 August,all,Balaran Brave,I am having fun good game.
76561198332341161,Recommended,440900,34146598,Posted: 10 August,all,JumboChain24,not the best game at first but later it turned into my faverite.
76561198020340428,Recommended,440900,29601795,Posted: 31 January,all,DiakGamingYT,so far the game is pretty good if you can get in runs smooth most of the time bar the odd lock upand they need sort there server out kicking you out all the time and then the battle eye problem is the only thing really letting down atm
76561197991814549,Recommended,440900,29741762,Posted: 6 February,all,Ulthorn,"Hey everyone!Here is my little list of what I find good and bad about this game. I only played singleplayer so far so can't speak for how it feels and plays online! At the end, I'll put a link to a playlist I made for those who want to see what I saw and did!Positive:- The game looks really beautiful, quite some details in it's textures and models and I've had my share of amazing views.- There is more story than most survival games, it isn't a must for me personally but this one is based on the Conan universe so it should be there.- The way you build things is really well made, it's easy and it looks good, yet it seems you can still make it how you want.- The feeling of the game is also something nice, it's dangerous and many things feel new for the first time.- There seems to be quite a diversity in monsters from what I've experienced so far, didn't get very far yet so I'm sure there will be more surprises!Neutral:- This game is quite hard, but that might be because I'm alone, I'm sure in a group it's a lot more doable. As soon as a few enemies are on me, I'm a goner, and some enemies are impossible to defeat BUT that probably because I'm alone and not high level and with bad gear!- You need to grind quite a bit, both for level and for resources. The leveling part, seems everything you do gives you some experience, which is nice. But you need to be higher level in order to craft more things and get further without dying. As for the resources, this is probably a singleplayer problem again, as with a few people you get those materials very fast most likely.Still, this could be fixed to make singleplayer/co-op a bit different from multiplayer. Less materials required and some faster leveling would be welcome! But it could be me who is just bad. xDNegative:- The game has a bit of bugs, didn't get anything gamebreaking so far as it runs smoothly on my PC, but I had a teleporting crocodile once or twice. The humans don't animate the first seconds they charge on you, etc.- It isn't very singleplayer-friendly right now, but I guess it might change in the future!- I wish you would get more of the basic things, like a chest or the basic walls for a home from the beginning. You need to unlock them through leveling up your character as you get points this way. I mean, it was a bit annoying to grind a whole level just so I could make a small wooden chest to store things in and then another level to be able to build a house.Unlocking armour, weapons, more building stuff like that would probably be fine or just make it a bit faster to unlock it. The list of things you can make is huge and after some hours playing, I didn't get much and I feel a bit stuck, as if I just have to grind levels now to unlock the next armour so I can finally move further in the game. But it could really just be me who's bad.Now, as last: here is the link to my playlist if you're interested!https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLSlrhE1bk42YoUVIz9dZJmdDzWflcvkRz"
,Recommended,440900,34370067,Posted: 20 August,all,mick2d2,"I was about to return this game because it was running at 5fps until I switched it to windowed mode.I'm running a Ryzen 1600 @ 4Ghz, 16GB & 2 X R9 290X (everything water cooled). It didn't matter which configuration I used in full screen, only one of the Ryzen cores was being used and my gfx card was running at about 50%. I now get between 40-60fps on ultra at 2650x1980.Game looks like a lot of fun, along the lines of Ark (which I'm a big fan of)."
,Not Recommended,440900,31636806,Posted: 8 May,all,AreThoseBubbles,"Great game, great mechanics, great concept!HOWEVER!! Still in very early development. Two month period of bug exploiting have left PvP servers a ghost town. Not enough content yet to PvE.100% buy...in 6 months!"
,Recommended,440900,30114964,Posted: 23 February,all,andronykus,Lost of fun and many hours of entertainment.To be played with friends!:)
76561198019164135,Not Recommended,440900,30231166,Posted: 27 February,all,Draft,"I would stay very far away from this game unless you intend to use hacks/exploits to try and kill the fun for everyone else. This game, like most games of the genre, patch quickly at the beginning to show promise in the game but once the money comes in they stop caring. I thought ""oh well seems fun, might want to give it a try"". I regret every penny spent. They went from patching the game consistantly to help with bugs to not patching at all. If they do patch the game, it just breaks nearly everything in the game. They say ""sorry"" try to work out another patch in a few weeks just to break even more things.For instance, it's impossible to build in a building with a ceiling right now. Seems fun right?! Gets worse. Last patch you couldn't drink in the game, which is something you have to do often, killing players by the dozens.I didn't listen to the negative reviews as I thought ""hey at least they aren't mostly about hackers in the game"". Well take this as your warning. If you enjoy building stuff to watch someone jump into your base and kill everything, by all means this is the game for you. If you also enjoy finally killing a group of hackers on the server do no worry! They will not drop anything, like you do when you die, and will spawn in fully geared again just to give it another go!When I tried playing for the first time the servers were constantly full and there is no que system so you spent hours just trying to get into the game. Now you can join whenever you would like. People are quitting this game due to the lack of response from the company on the issues mentioned above.Just another Ark with less content and same amount of hacks.Good luck!"
,Recommended,440900,31107434,Posted: 12 April,all,SlyCoopersButt,"This game is in a pretty rough state right now but once they polish up the animations and fighting mechanics, add in some anti-cheat software, and expand the map a bit more, it'll have lots of potential to be a great game. I'd recommend getting it on sale for now and check back every few weeks for new patch releases.Also tiddy's."
,Recommended,440900,29627488,Posted: 1 February,all,Tomat,GG
,Recommended,440900,29985279,Posted: 17 February,all,CVK,brill game except waiting 15 to 20 mins each time the server goes down before you can get back in this is a joke and starting to get on our teams nerves. if it gets sorted will be on for a good 100 to 200 hour game
,Recommended,440900,29599615,Posted: 30 January,all,NotNull,"The game started out like how I expected it. There are times where it may be a little bit choppy but the gameplay has been smooth overall. Everything looks to also be fairly stable during gameplay. No crashes (1.33 hrs into the game, but still pretty good). Average FPS is 70, with max being 144 (fairly good for a early access game, but results would vary with specifications such as cpu, gpu, background task, etc). While the game is early access, it wont be perfect (and anyone who think it would be will be sad to see that its not and quick to leave a negative review), I do expect there more to come from the game in the future, including features, bug fixes, and overall performance increase."
,Recommended,440900,30106468,Posted: 22 February,all,dıekıry,"| : : : : : : : : : : : : :NICEGAMEPLAY: : : : : : : :”-'\,,..\: : : : : : : : : : :'\: : : : : : : : : : : : : :~,,: : : : : : : : : “~-.,_...\ : : : : : : : : : : :\: /: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : “,: : : : : : : : : : :""~,_... .\: : : : : : : : : : :\|: : : : : : : : :_._ : : : : : : \: : : : : : : : : : : : :”- .... ...\: : : : : : : : : : \: : : : : : : : ( O ) : : : : : : \: : : : : : : : : : : : : : '\._... ... .\ : : : : : : : : : '\': : : : : : : :""*"": : : : : : : :|: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : |0)... ... ...\ : : : : : : : : : '\: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :/: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : /""""... ... .....\ : : : : : : : : : \: : : : : : : : : : : : : ,-“: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :/... ... ... ...\ : : : : : : : : : \: : : : : : : : : _="" : : : : : ',_.: : : : : : : :,-“... ... ... ... \,: : : : : : : : : \: :""”'~---~”"" : : : : : : : : : : : : = :""”~~"
,Not Recommended,440900,31454077,Posted: 29 April,all,D3adFr0st,Im sorry but this game requires too many people and too much time. I simply would not reccomend you buy this game. The Company that made this game clearly did not learn anything from previous games.
76561198320143065,Not Recommended,440900,31168221,Posted: 15 April,all,ÅηgεlEyεs,"This has got to be the worst game I've ever had the displeasure of purchasing/playing.First of all, don't be fooled by the vivid and pleasent ""screenshots"" you see when you click through the steam images. The game inside does NOT look this beautiful, crisp, breath taking..I have a 1050 TI and on ultra settings, it looked like some game made 4+ years ago.. the graphics were dusty looking, grainy, and blurry.. and I did ask everyone on the server to see if it was just me, and they ALL said this is how the game looks, out of 22+ people online at that time..It also appears the gamma is set waayyyy too high, making everything look VERY bright.. I had to download a screen profile just to darken the entire game since turning the gamma down didn't much do anything besides make it too dark to see anything.. and even with the profile, it still didn't help much.Also, many that were playing said they got bored within the first hour of gameplay. I couldn't REALLY understand then (besides maybe with the graphics?) but about half an hour into the game, I then understood!The whole entire game is just one big repeat... desert, desert, more desert, no places look unique except for one place in the middle of the map that appears to be a city but is just a red hell hole with skeletons and scopions that kill you pretty quickly.Speaking of the map, you can literally, on foot as a begginer, run the ENTIRE map, front to back, side to side, in less than half an hour..The only thing left for you to do is build like a drone and have pretty much the same exact house as every other kid on the block and MAYBE if you're imaginative and creative enough, spice and spruce it up a bit to look a little outside the norm, and then, after that is done, go hunt down slaves that by the way, every campfire you find them at look identical to the ones you JUST previously saw at the OTHER campfire, drag them back to your base and put them on a wheel or, make them dance naked.Speaking of naked! If that's not enough for you to do, you can always check the all nudity button under settings, which I found out is what most people do with this game as they just sit there and whack off endlessly to pixels.So if this is your cup of tea, by ALL means, purchase this lovely pricely p.o.s. :) Otherwise, if you are looking for a game that is truly breath takingly beautiful and still has constant updates and fixes, and is not a perverts wet dream, try ARK."
76561198070094953,Recommended,440900,31107456,Posted: 12 April,all,GingaBoySwag,I love this game. I wanted it to do so well. And i loved ever second i played.The devs released wayyy to early for early access... they shouldent have even said they were making it yet. All my friends quit from hacks and unoptomization. I only reccomend because someday i hope to get on this game and have a geniune finished game at release.
76561198008055919,Recommended,440900,31116375,Posted: 13 April,all,zerxisk78,At 400+ hours its a good game that will be great in the future. Most of the negative reviews are from butthurt pvp servers which no game i ever played ever had a fair pvp system. there will always be glitches and fixes. However i play on a PVE server there are only a few bugs and the graphics are well polished for an EA game. we on official server 82 look forward to the new content every thursday. The biggest complaint was people bugging spawns and it got fixed. I really cant wait for the new thrall and building system. The building you can build Cities :D
,Recommended,440900,29712214,Posted: 4 February,all,Cicida,"If you already played an early access open world survival game in the last 3 years, you probably won't enjoy this.If you haven't, then sure. Enjoy.I guess it has potential just like all open world early access survival games"
76561198041829374,Recommended,440900,31185527,Posted: 16 April,all,steitsch,"Please keep in mind that this game is Early Access when you buy it.I have found the game enjoyable and full of surpizes at every turn of the map. Both the single player and server base games are very good with game play. The clans due have limited size due to the small number of plaers that can access each server.Pros:1. It is the best survival game I have seen to date.2. The development team actually moderates the forums.3. Updates are done regularly every one to two weeks. They are prompt with Hot Fixes for issues that arise from the updates.4. The graphics are the best I have seen in a long time.5. Chaacters have realistict lifelike looks with some customizations allowed base on race.6. The game is an extension to teh Conan universe. It is a new area with its own lore and history.Cons:1. Server play can be disappointing due to those that take advantage of exploits and glitches in the Early Access game.2. Frame rate issues on both the server and single player/co-op play modes.Game is still being developed and improved. Changes can affect your character as the game is balanced for play.Since it is Early Access, I have to caution those looking to buy the game. You must be prepared to deal with those that take advantage of exploits and glitches that have not been fi. There are alos a few issues that still affect game play since the game has not been officially released, Early Access is just that and can be full of bugs and other issues.Even with all the issues it has and the fact that the developers actually listen to the player base, I will recomend this game. I play other games that are in full release that have more bugs, exploits and glitches that have never been addressed properly or have taken months to fix. FunCom takes the time to fix the game issues so that when it is fully released, ti will be playable with as few issues as possible."
,Not Recommended,440900,31111710,Posted: 13 April,all,HellzHobo,"No point in playing, bases can be glitched through simply by logging out and logging back in. If your ping is high enough or you know how to force that, the world will load in before buildings so you can walk right past locked doors."
76561198050441177,Not Recommended,440900,34866006,Posted: 10 September,all,Swagger1889,The combat is terrible. Attacks take too much time and stamina.
76561198068721320,Not Recommended,440900,31082192,Posted: 11 April,all,Lt_Striker,Wait until game is finished being developed and goes on special ............
,Not Recommended,440900,31629217,Posted: 8 May,all,Warlocc,"I enjoyed Ark, and I really wanted to enjoy this game. I want to play it with a couple of my friends. I look forward to what might happen once they add more stuff.Unfortunately, there's one huge problem.This game is NOT compatible with AMD processors, despite the system requirements saying so.See:http://steamcommunity.com/app/440900/discussions/3/133256240742498999/"
76561198013321567,Recommended,440900,30063423,Posted: 20 February,all,ReallyCriticalRambo,Great game. Highly addictive.
,Recommended,440900,29708093,Posted: 4 February,all,Tar,"5 days into release and the game is already better than ARK was and is. So far most of the negative reviews contain zero substance and are based off of 20 minutes of gametime and one bad experience.The main problem i'm seeing is being unable to find servers, which can instantly be fixed with a game restart. To those who say the game is laggy need to remember that it has 45,000+ players playing on extremely early access servers, so lag is expected and the developers are working hard releasing 100+ mb patches every day.The game is very fun and immersive and I'd say has double the content than ARK or Rust does. It has so much depth and potential and I'd hate for it to be smothered by all these negative reviews (that are based on nothing)"
,Recommended,440900,29605466,Posted: 31 January,all,stefan,This game is Freaking Awesome!Everything I Loved about ARK minus everything I hated.Now back to playing the game.
,Not Recommended,440900,29625053,Posted: 1 February,all,abhi,"This is after one day...It's early access and all, and I'm sure a lot will happen the coming days, weeks and months. But at it's current state I'm not sure I would recommend it to anyone. It's buggy, unbalanced and laggy with a very clunky combat system. It feels old and dated, with no real ""feedback"" in what you do. Wether it be shooting arrows with a bow or swinging away with a tool.I could write a lot more, but I leave it at that for now."
76561198255159323,Recommended,440900,30120318,Posted: 23 February,all,manosbab,"This is the first game I`ve ever played alpha. It seems like a game that can become really great if some things get fixed,e.g. the crocodiles being unable to swim. I hope that when it gets realised it will be as I am imagining it right now... Perfect.p.s. For now I would recommend it only if dont mind the alpha state"
76561198139835440,Not Recommended,440900,29619392,Posted: 31 January,all,Dack Janiels,"I cannot reccomend this in its current state, dont get me wrong it is fun as hell when the game works but despite meeting all and exceeding most of the reccomended specs I still crash much to frequently for this to be a justified purchase. I wont be refunding as I do believe the game will get better in time its early access after all so this is to be expected. I would reccomend just waiting a month or two at least for some updates to be pushed out hopefully fixing these issues."
,Recommended,440900,30120489,Posted: 23 February,all,XDTaboo,"The game is awesome! I love it....but i hate it at the same time. \I would recommend the game if you are willing to deal with the bugs that are being fixed.So first off I will continue to play the game, because I enjoy it very much. But the bugs are starting to annoy me. The building is great, its diffrent, being able to add more cosmetics to your ""Home"" and call it yours. Raiding right now is unbalanced, which i'm pretty sure will be fixed, you basically have to build a base off the ground to survive. The pve is pretty awesome. I love the thrall ""Slave"" system, it really somthing that sets conan apart from others. The combat is alright for what it is right now, howeverdoes need work."
76561198139408473,Not Recommended,440900,29635926,Posted: 1 February,all,Smeagol slayer,"As off right now, don't purchase this. For the price it's not worth it, and I can bet it'll go on sale within the next couple of months. It's buggy, so unless you want to play offline then it's frustrating- as you would expect for a game in early access. However, if it wasn't for the rubber banding and all the missing basic survival game functions, I'm severely enjoying myself. It has potential and assuming the creaters will keep improving it, like how Ark did, then this will easily be my second favourite online survival game.I refused to refund this game, and even with how it is now I could see at least 100 hours invested in this, and to me that's worth it for the price. I will say, if you're trying to play this with a group of others, then you're better off playing on an unofficial server- but what's the fun in that? Not to mention you'll get screwed over in a heart beat. And whilst I'm excited to explore and figure everything out with others at the same time, I find myself confused on how to progress with the lack of Wiki guides; something I'll try to add to if I get the chance.So I repeat, wait to purchase this to see if it improves, however if you like playing offline or on unofficial servers (with the potential for your progression to be deleted), then that alone might be worth it for the price."
,Not Recommended,440900,29606698,Posted: 31 January,all,[BSOD] Sjnorre,"unplayable in its current state, lag, disconnects, bugs, sluggy combat, avoid for another 6 months i would say, and look what the devs do with it..."
,Recommended,440900,29645601,Posted: 2 February,all,Bep🍕,Praise Crom.
,Not Recommended,440900,29627066,Posted: 1 February,all,delizin,"This game has potential, but at launch it is barely playable. The developer has been making fairly frequent updates, but there are still numerous issues causing constant disconnections and then being unable to rejoin the game. If Funcom is able to make the game play reliably then I'd change my recommendation."
76561197996902507,Not Recommended,440900,33785326,Posted: 25 July,all,ecjones1975,"Great graphics, shallow world, crappy mechanics.  needs a lot of improvement before it's worth releasing.  They released an ""expansion"" consisting of more of the same wide open area that has caused constant crashes and a glut of new bugs because they didn't test it, relying on the early access players to let them know what was broken while at the same time trolling the forums and insulting any of the players complaining about thow broken the new content is.  I pointed out one of their people going from thread to thread insulting people who complained about changes they didn't like and broken game play so I got a ban from the forums for telling the truth which they called trolling on my part.  The first dungeon can be finished in a half hour and I have been unable to stay connected to the game without it crashing long enough to even see the two new dungeons added with the expansion.  I have been a fan of Robert E Howard's conan for a long time and I want him to have a good game but they need to do a LOT of work before this game even approaches being that game, and insulting people for complaining and banning anyone that stands up to them isn't the way."
76561198007372554,Not Recommended,440900,30306398,Posted: 3 March,all,Siggerad,"If you like PvE this game is not for you, is a PvP game. Devs only care about pvp and forgot about all pve official servers.- All official pve servers initial area is pack you can even put a firecamp to cook and not die of hunger.- If you try go north there is a wall in the pass so you are closed in the new player area, in pve you cant destroy other players buildings so this walls closing huge areas and pass are there for ever, so your experience in the game is only in the begginer area, lame.- Npc camps, here is where you get slaves; dont spwan anymore, why because other players build there and the Thrall-slave is only a idea not a playable thing in pve servers.- Official pve servers dont have administrator so this buildings trolls, are there for ever.- You can lose hour after hour of hardwork in a oops we Fup in the patch, but the others problem still there walls, no npc spwan, no npc to change religion.- You maybe have watch that youtube cool video about the game, yes high level looks fun, but in reality is farm anf more farm for long periods of time, some of the youtubers play in X5-X8 fast gathering, farm, xp.I cant recommend this game for pve lovers like my self. you are gonna have a mayor headeache with this game.26/4/2017 edit: The game is close to be a fail sorry if this looks like a doom word, but the reality now is: 500k buy the game less than 9% still play the game, there is tons of pvp exploits im not a pvp player so check the forums about this things.For PvE there is a HOLE in the game, there is no content to play, cosmetic ""content"" like emotes is how Funcom try to fill the game.I have several years as a player and is my first time in a game forum (steam) to watch a nazi kind of Censorship is a very weird persecution kind of behaviour; moderators delete all the negative feedback, tell you to dont argue with moderators when you are talking with other players O.O is like have a very strict father breading in your neck this is so TOXIC.Run guys dont look back, why play a game with a little content grind and more grind as the only content, and a kid with ""moderator superpowers"" harrasing you? Cmon there is a tons of fun games on steam to enjoy, laugh and be happy. Dont waste your money here. =)"
,Not Recommended,440900,29634532,Posted: 1 February,all,RēđAñţ,"The developers are working on a game not all 24/7 and when they please. Servar for 40 people, are not stable, friezes, logs, dyupy. Construction of buildings but no one thought system crawled on the mountain in 2012, the door to break easily, small map, mobs of the same type, a large list of problems which need to think first and foremost rather than paid ranem access. Spend more nerves than poigraet, I do not advise anyone.UPD 02,02,17: Played 50 server, 2 days after the snake bites server crashes, it did not raise more. Passed away on 49 server logs, friezes nothing has changed after the update. It has a new update, and 49 did not become a server. The question is who will Perrin characters ??? swing level is not so easy when it is above 15, it would be if the person who bought the server simply refuses to disburse it!?!? Yes nichgeo will not be just your personada will not and they do not care how much time you spent on pumping!Разработчики работают над игрой не как все 24/7 а когда им угодно. Сервар по 40 человек,не стабильны, фризы, лаги, дюпы. Постройка строений как в 2012 году не продумано строй на горе никто не подлезит, двери ломать легко, карта маленькая, мобы однотипные, большой список проблем о которых нужно было задумываться впервую очередь а не в платном ранем доступ. Больше потратишь нервов чем поиграеть, никому не советую.UPD 02,02,17: Играл на 50 сервере 2 дня после того как кусает змея сервер падает, более его не поднимали. Ушел на 49 сервер, лаги, фризы ничего не поменялось после обновления. Прошло новое обновление и 49 сервера не стало. Спрашивается кто будет переностиь персонажей??? качать уровень не так легко когда он выше 15, что будет если тот кто купил сервер просто откажется его проплачивать!?!? Да ничгео не будет просто вашего персонада не будет и им все равно сколько времени вы потратили на прокачку!"
,Not Recommended,440900,29643125,Posted: 1 February,all,Monolith,"Game has great ptoential but as it stands right now, I would say put it on your watch list and buy later. It's a shell of what has been promised and barely runs as is. Rubberbanding is still prevalent and there honestly just isn't much here yet.Recommend purchasing at a later date when there is more content and the software is more complete."
76561198006834789,Not Recommended,440900,30548136,Posted: 16 March,all,Davius,"Good Game put in a decent amount of hours across diff servers but stopped playing because of GODS when people hit max lvl an get bored if they are a♥♥♥♥♥♥all they have to do is grind for a few hours an can completly wipe ur base off the map putting you back at square 1 , they seem like a good idea but are just too poweful for how easy they are to get , the game is really good but getting ruined by its own players before its even released , i would go back to the game if the manage to balance it better :("
,Recommended,440900,29718232,Posted: 5 February,all,Sammy-kun,10 hyenas out of 10
,Recommended,440900,29620671,Posted: 31 January,all,pariah,your meatrod and nutsack have separate physics10/10
76561198018484966,Recommended,440900,29696676,Posted: 4 February,all,Gazz,"Worth keeping track of but not worth playing at this stage. (Alpha patch 02.04.2017)There is much work left to do on balancing, pacing of the game and resource distribution, combat mechanics and rules / exploits.I'll probably have another look in 6 months."
,Recommended,440900,29627982,Posted: 1 February,all,NinjaZombie,"This game is getting some major hate for minor, expected things for any game for any game that is in Early Access.They pushed out an update to fix some major problems for players shortly after launch, thus showing that they do care about the game status and wanting to get things right before any more news about a major update.As for the gameplay, while the beginning is slow - like any other survival game (getting basic needs first), the second you get a place to call home with thralls protecting you, it starts to dawn on you that this game is full of exciting things to do that you might have not noticed while running around wondering where to build is.  There is so much lore and places to explore I've just got running around just looking at temples and scouting NPC villages to raid for iron.  There's all these things on top of a normal PvP game that makes it completely different then anyother game out right now and has so many more ways to grow."
76561198052271780,Recommended,440900,29641609,Posted: 1 February,all,Black Rabbit,"Very enjoyable even in it's current phase of developement. I have had no problems running the game on my laptop. This game definately brings the Conan world to life in a way similar to Ark. If you have a few friends the co-op mode is ideal for having fun at the moment. To give you an idea of the leveling system, on normal I am level 9 with about 8 hours in of game play. The crafting system currently lists items up to level 49, so a substantial amount of hours can be put in progressing through the game. There are also specializations that come in the form of religious sects, which already have some specific crafts available and will likely be expanded upon further as the game moves forward to full release.There are some difficulties that have been noted with the larger multi-player servers with overflowing demand for population and the resulting latency issues, these will likely be addressed by funcom a bit later on. The single player/Co-op servers have no problems at all right now."
,Recommended,440900,29622352,Posted: 31 January,all,Isbee,"Very good survival game. A lot of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ players have complained about thirst being a problem, game being too difficult etc.All survival settings are customizable when you start a server, and anyone can start their own solo or co-op server with their friends. You can cheat if you find a game mechanic to be♥♥♥♥♥♥and etc. It's early access and they're trying to balance the game, if there's a bug, you can make it playable yourself. One of the greatest games when it comes to being a sandbox survival game.10/10, mod support from day 1, server files from day 1 and full control over survival settings from day 1."
76561197960699829,Recommended,440900,29722074,Posted: 5 February,all,Crackhead_Willy,"This game has the potential to be great.  It is early access, I don't understand why people think a EA game will be polished to AAA right off the bat, it's a little unfair to the devs. The building system is fun in its current state but most likely will be fleshed out soon. The combat is fun and different, although clunky at the moment. Thrall concept is awesome, but again early access so don't expect ANYTHING to be working perfectly. I would recommend this game to others if you can understand its a work in progress, and has bugs, glitches, and is fairly rough around the edges at the moment.Going to be a very very fun game!"
,Recommended,440900,29612938,Posted: 31 January,all,Absolutelynobytes,"Ok so I have openned it up tweaked a few settings like sound as its way to loud, check if i can set windowed mode - its naturally set to that without an option to change.Connecting to serverFirst attempt - Funcom hosted server - Loaded to half a mountain and no land loaded - wait 2 mins and alt F4'dSecond attempt - Random RP server - Loaded to half a mountain and no land loaded - wait a minute and no character creation has appearedCharacter CreationIts important to note I played with that♥♥♥♥♥♥bar pretty hard. I now feel real manly.Nice tweaking bar, hope for more options in the future.Funcom hosted server, terrible rubber bandingNot Funcom seem to be more stable.AI is a bit broken but im sure they will fix that quickly enough.EDIT: I have not racked up 27 hours. My review remains unchanged, there are of course issues but they are new ones with each patch which are coming at us like a machine gun. Great work there FUNCOM.The Crafting system is deeep, i just want more aestical things :)"
,Recommended,440900,29884070,Posted: 12 February,all,keff,Very impressive after the first two weeks. Not that buggy and the lag is totally gone. Updates coming daily and they listen to the community and are answering questions.Sad to see the bad reviews on the first day. People expected everything to run smooth.Now after 12 days they should review it again. It's totally different!
,Recommended,440900,29616098,Posted: 31 January,all,Yohelloen,"I love this game, people so impatient about the game. It's♥♥♥♥♥♥♥day 1 relax boys."
76561197989569179,Recommended,440900,29696315,Posted: 4 February,all,Hellmoe,I promised myself i'd never buy an early access title but I'm glad I got this one. The bugs are very liveable and most of my optimisation problems seems to have been fixed in the last days. I trust Funcom as much as I trust RSI
76561198011937623,Recommended,440900,29709140,Posted: 4 February,all,stoneknox920,I love this game so far. It has a lot of upside. Keeps you building and exploring. I understand there is still a lot of bugs to work out but so far so good. The fact that there is nudity...is just down right hilarious..... brings T bagging to a whole new level. Current bugs that need fixing. The process to get thralls. I keep killing the NPC's that i am trying to thrall. I did manage to get one which leads me to my second concern. I had her half way through breaking on the wheel when I went to add food to the wheel. When I went to add food I held E and it quickly deleated the wheel while breaking was still in process. The devs should at the very least have a pop asking are you sure you want to delete this big thing you just made.......becasue it's happend in other cases but it was walls and not a big deal. A health bar on enemies would be nice. I think they have a good game going and when they get the bugs fixed it'll be great. There are more minor bug fixes which they arlready know about. But this is gonna be a fun game. BTW this would be my first survival game so my opinion doesn't span the games like ARK.
76561197965877326,Recommended,440900,29609052,Posted: 31 January,all,2Lt. Jorris [2RB],I really like this game right now. Only issue that I have had really is the fact that after I logged off last night there was a small 4MB update and now my BattleEye is not working. Do not know how to fix it and I cannot get on the server I was playing last night.
,Recommended,440900,29641868,Posted: 1 February,all,Rytho,"Boobie slider = 10/10Conan Exiles has a lot of potential, and could possibly be one of the largest surival games in the foreseeable future. The animations are a little shoddy and the servers are pretty potato at the moment but the potential is still there, with a little polishing the game could be amazing. As it is now  the game isn't worth the money, but if you are hellbent on buying it don't let my review stop you. In saying that, if you can see past all of the games imperfections I'd reccomend picking it up.Feel free to comment on anything you disagree with :)"
76561198049009721,Recommended,440900,29708803,Posted: 4 February,all,PathfinderXZ,"Fantastic game. Definitely some work to be done, as you would expect with early access. But worth every penny!"
76561198008037092,Recommended,440900,29621853,Posted: 31 January,all,wortorn,"Being early access the game is not really optimised to work well on all types of machines. Personally the game runs very well on my PC (6 year old i7 with 8GB ram and GTX980, not running this game on SSD) with limited to no lag at all (pre the first big patch). For other people this was not the case but I am sure this will get better very soon.I have not played enough to provide an in depth discussion on the game mechanics, crafting and other game play. I do think that some of the early crafting costs like camp fires etc are way to high and should be looked at which I am sure the dev’s will.I will update at a later stage once I have played more of the game. For me, this game has started out well and I hope the dev’s continue in their current direction. I do hope the dev’s add a lot more thought provoking content like actual questing, puzzle solving etc. Although its survival I don't see why they can not add this type of content as it would also help set them apart form the rest of the survival games which are mostly pretty dull in this regard.Would I recommend the game? Yes, if you enjoy the world of Conan, survival and crafting I think this game has loads and loads of potential.Side note: Do not assume or expect that this game will be anywhere near perfect right now. It’s extremely early access at this point. Yes it costs money, so only buy it after doing your own investigation of the game play. Ark was absolute rubbish (and costs roughly the same as this game) when it launched and its good today after so many patches (although still in early access wtf). Rust also costs money and is only geared to pvp so for me not good and a complete waste (for me).Buy this game if you think you will enjoy it and if you can give the developers constructive feedback (on both positive and negative experiences) that I am sure will be appreciated. This will help them make it better for all of us."
,Recommended,440900,29753352,Posted: 6 February,all,lewtt,"yes, it's very buggy and suffers from net performance issuesyes, it takes a lot from previous survival games and isn't redefining the genrebut the game itself has a wonderfully immersive atmosphere and great potential. Funcom has always had rough releases, but make up for it with great post-release support that often turns their games into cult classics for many who are willing to give their games a second shot.when I wasn't forced to restart from server database corruption (twice), I've genuinely had a good time with this early access. If you don't want to deal with some frustrating bugs, I'd wait this one out a bit... but don't just write it off as a failed game because of a bumpy first week."
,Recommended,440900,29628349,Posted: 1 February,all,Dethamphetamine,"Game has been out for 24 hours and is already more optimized than ark. That should be enough lol.Gorgeous game with animals and creatures everywhere. the combat is great, the nudity is hilarious, but the world is unforgiving.   The game is damn good imo. I dont understand why folks give a game a bad review because they have a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥pc so they blame the game for being unoptimized.  Check it out. its worth 30$."
76561198080362036,Recommended,440900,29618316,Posted: 31 January,all,Kruzikal,"Great game. Huge potential, lots of content already, devs have issued 3 patches within 24 hours. They are aware of problems and fixing them ASAP. Buy this game."
,Recommended,440900,29618275,Posted: 31 January,all,✪ toby,"Fun game with your mates, fast updates from the developers (2 in one day, 300 MB) addressing lots of bugs that were affecting the majority of players, looking good so far on the first day."
,Recommended,440900,29618384,Posted: 31 January,all,Darkrift,"I tend to not like survival games all that much even though I seem to own all of them. Anyway, this is the first one that I have put in more than a few hours in...ever. It is very rough around the edges, but it is fun..isn't that why we play games?Pros:Looks wonderfulMajor developer with a track record of success, although launching with bugs for them is not uncommon. The Secret World is one of the best games ever made.Cons:Let's see if this patch fixes the rubberband lag boss. Doing anything other than minor pve is not going so well at the moment. It's not really fun if one person lags out in pvp. Mobs that are frozen aren't so much fun either."
,Recommended,440900,29618320,Posted: 31 January,all,Dranz,Early access survival game thats already better than Ark.
,Recommended,440900,29643253,Posted: 1 February,all,Kenfarron,"Ark + Rust = ConanAnd the devs keep updating this game , which is nice"
76561198365442116,Recommended,440900,29793081,Posted: 8 February,all,Deadly,"The game is good, but devs something's going on right now with inventory and loot problems, nothing is showing up in our inventories , but you can use them to craft items. This is rough because i would like to know how many of each mat i have to know how much more to farm. Could you fix this by chance? ive been playing all day and its been perfectly fine up until an hour ago. The game is fantastic, but i dont know whats going on with this inventory bug PLEASE FIX!!!"
76561198045651079,Recommended,440900,29793767,Posted: 8 February,all,wsverko,"I have strictly been playing the single player campaign, which has been quite good so far.  Upgrading my character has been fun and rewarding.  About the only gripe I have so far is that as my character migrates around the map, you are attacked nearly every half kilometer of travel.  For example, I made a mad dash to the ""main city"" portion of the map after spending a considerable amount of time building up my character, and ran through what felt like an army of skeletons on my way there.  In short order, I was killed off.  I couldn't keep up with the amount of adversaries.Once again, I just wanted to explore and appreciate the cinematic world created by the developers, and wasn't too keen on being attacked so often.I assume since the game isn't completed finished, this issue may be resolved.  Don't get me wrong, I do want to take on the computer AI in battle, but would like time to build up my character as well as my fortificaions.Also, the game starts off with your character being freed from the cross?  Who is the one that actually frees you?"
76561198081145775,Recommended,440900,30094360,Posted: 21 February,all,Eroyjones,"Better optimized than the other survival games on EA especially for amd cpu's. They fixed the rubberbanding in 2 weeks, something ark still has a BIG problem with. The world is incredible and the render distance on landscaping is vast and makes u gaze on at the horizon.. Had some intense pvp battles even with combat needing to be imporved. Tons of PVE elements and character development. Great community so far besides some of the bozo's like every other game, but for the most part made friends with neighbors trade and helped them in fights.. Voip is now fixed and is working great. Could go on forever, finnaly a medieval fantasy game with rpg elements and base building and gore! .. Btw u can build some amazing bases in this game.give it a shot"
,Recommended,440900,30413571,Posted: 9 March,all,Brodidily,"I don't have as many hours as some on this game, but I'd like to provide a review of my experience thus far.As is explicitly stated by Funcom, this game is in Early Access. There are going to be bugs, exploits, and all manner of problems from the moment you first login to a server - whether it be an official server or not.That being said, Funcom has managed to create the foundation of what I believe to be a great gaming experience. Survival sandbox games have been on the rise where we now have versions that put us in a zombie apocalypse (Day Z), a Dinosaur island (ARK), or various others I'm sure are out there.Conan Exiles gives us a fresh new theme, Hyboria, a gritty and dangerous high fantasy setting that is as satisfying as it is unforgiving. Survival has always been an underlying theme within the Conan lore, and thriving thereafter. Conan Exiles gives you the ability to forge a story much like Conan the Barbarian's, in a manner however you see fit.While not nearly as feature rich as more polished survival games out today, one must bear in mind that even those games had humble beginnings. With enough patience and community driven feedback and constructive criticism, Conan Exiles stands to be an incredible game."
76561197997289613,Recommended,440900,29772938,Posted: 7 February,all,Powdered Toast Man,"I really like it, sure it expensive for early access b ut unlike most early access this game is CONSTANTLY evolving and changing sometimes multiple times a day and always for the better. The devs have been pretty active on the reddit forums answering peoples concerns,To me its like rust and reign of kings made babies, if rust had a better npc system and reign of kings wasnt abandoned.The community seems a bit less toxic and aggressive than the rust community as well. I feel like the leveling system aside a mostly melee combat makes it less likely for a random attack since they cant roof camp snipe you.All in all i say its worth the price of early access...30 bucks is half the prioe of a AAA title and i feel youll get far more hours of play time out of this than most AAA titles. I like that you can play online or solo as well. Its nice."
,Recommended,440900,29675416,Posted: 3 February,all,Verwooks,"I highly recommend this game. Come have som fun :)I've played DayZ, Rust and this game is better. It can only get better, and Funcom is listening to the community.Im excited to see what the devs do with this game in the future."
76561198050742251,Recommended,440900,29766673,Posted: 7 February,all,mattcatt,"So far, so good. Still a lot of improvement to be done, but there is potential. If you're willing to spend 30 bucks on a game in a very early state is up to you. But unofficial servers are mostly playable as of now and provide an insight as to where the game might go. We'll see how the game will turn out to be given more time."
,Recommended,440900,29813964,Posted: 9 February,all,Salgod,"Solid survival game, Servers certainly still seem to have some Lag issues, but they are minimal. Development seems very active which is excellent to see.Art direction is brilliant everything looks so very... Conan. Everything you build looks Conanesque it is great.It is certainly similiar in many ways to Ark, and without a doubt the developers have played and taken ideas from ARK but I feel like not doing so would just be stupid. Ark does a lot of things right and not learning lessons from other games as a game dev seems.. Stupid."
,Recommended,440900,29913049,Posted: 13 February,all,Sephtis,"Let's start with honesty. The game has a lot of issues, with bugs and balance. ea is never an excuse especially these days, so I won't go there. What I will say is that they are patching and updating everyday, and I have had a fun time playing.For now though I have stopped playing PvP, and will never play PVE anything. Yet I am enjoying the RP, and have found a great server I really enjoy playing on.If you want a good PvP experience I would say to wait, if you like to RP you can buy the game now and apply to some of the great RP communities. Still I have never played a game ea or otherwise with such a rough launch. And from a studio such as Funcm there really is no excuse for half the issues players are faced with.I will recommend the game as I enjoy it, but more then likely you will not in it's current state.4/10 as it's fun for me, but the game is in bad shape atm...will update if/when it gets better."
,Recommended,440900,29974457,Posted: 16 February,all,Wintermute ✉,Great potential
76561198052637259,Recommended,440900,29675709,Posted: 3 February,all,Velathore,"So I have a combined 4000+ hours between DayZ, H1Z1, Miscreated, 7 Days, and Ark.  Some are here on steam some are on console. With that out of the way I can feel confident to say that this game WILL be amazing in time.  It seems that Funcom upheld their reputation by having a crappy start though.  Right now servers are a mess, lots of rubberbanding and other network issues.  Once this is all fixed this game will be great.  To me this game already beats out the competition with unique gameplay options, good progression system, and great rock crumbling physics.  Hopefully Conan wont get caught in the early access loop of death like its predecessors."
76561198013067058,Recommended,440900,29678227,Posted: 3 February,all,Alex,"Impressive considering it's an Early Access game. Great building, not the best combat (this will be improved later on). If you like survival games, this is among the best. Graphics are pretty nice, the world is beautiful.Looking forward to updates, both content and fixes.Some lag issues that hopefully will be sorted out asap."
,Recommended,440900,29687993,Posted: 4 February,all,Terror,"It's early access so expect a buggy experience but when it's working it's a lot of fun and I think the game has a lot of potential, looking forward to see where they take it."
76561197987080056,Recommended,440900,29926869,Posted: 14 February,all,A¤Z¤A¤Z¤€¤Ł,"Why all the negativism is beyond me. For this early stage of game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ awesome, and concept is awesome, and building is awesome, graphics are awesome.That said, can someone tells me wtf is this barbarian edition? I can't find what this offers me for aditional 30euros.thx"
,Recommended,440900,30060344,Posted: 20 February,all,UbiquitousMortal[YOMO],"This game is super fun, I love the unknown adventure aspect of it mixed with the world building.A lot of the initial launch bugs have been addressed and common issues have been mostly resolved. (item ghosting was a great fix).Things to consider (developers and players):Building:After you place any item you can't pick it back up to inventory, this is highly annoying. Should be able to move things around, especially as your base grows with new items.It would also be a cool system if you could ""auto store"" items upon coming back from resource gathering / raids and resaving a spawn point you get a prompt to ""store all items in assigned boxes"". Don't have a box for it or out of room in that box? Stays in your personal inventory then.On my server we have a box for every common type item, having to go through and dump everything one by one, just time consuming and tedious after awhile. But the game can be too unorganized if you don't. so i recommend you do.Thralls:Would be nice to be able to assign them / train them with a task (resource gathering)  or job (cook / blacksmith) with things taking more time / resources for highly specialized thrall training. Currently whatever the thrall was (generally fighter or archer) is what you get later. Making a skill branch for thrall trainer would be great.Thralls (two archer 2's) basically can't shoot and hit anything smaller than a rhino from 15 feet out, often get stuck shooting.CombatMake it so in PVP servers admins can turn off ""friendly fire"" for clan members. the mechanics of combat and combat animations causes people to accidentally hit each other frequently.Many weapons are basically useless. Bow and Arrow is junk so far. Crossbow too,.. also poison tip darts.No HP indicator for what damage you did and how much more damage you have to do. Animals randomly die too so you can't tell if its 1 hit away or 10 or 200 hits (big rhino took probably 400 swings with 2 level 23+ characters and 2 aforementioned archers and one now dead fighter 3.Animals glitch around a ton. Spider venom appears to be a giant circle very frequently for all players of different system builds. Running animations are glitchy.System Performance:I seem to run this game at 30 FPS no matter what i do. Low to Ultra settings, AA off and on. V sync off and on. 30 FPS.Here's my system specs:Nvidia Geforce 980 4GB Gaming OCZ170A GAMING M7 Motherboard32 GB DDR4 PC3400i7-6700K CPU @ 4.00GHz with Corsair Water Cooling1000W Corsair PSU.Overall a TON of fun and i'm confident the game will continue to improve. Thanks devs for such a cool / ambitious game!Note: Please notice how much i have played this game so far, these are small things to fix and consider. the game is super interesting and dynamic outside of these complaints. Give it a try!!!Second Note: My base is cooler than yours :)"
76561198024200840,Recommended,440900,30302195,Posted: 3 March,all,Vapyr,"100 hours and counting. So far I give it an 8/10.If you want to try something like ARK with a bit less digital chores, Conan Exiles might be for you.Few perks built in:Tame multiple Thralls at once AND they share resources.No 'Special Kibble' needed to tame.No penalty if your taming food runs out.No need to keep a trough full of food or keep food on your slaves.No crazy weapons and lasers that don't really fit in the atmosphere.No flying mounts. (plus IMO)Candles and lamps that you DO NOT have to keep feeding with wood.Excellent map and terrain. Graphics are beautiful.Oh and Bosses and Dragons..Early Access, but they are actively patching exploits.If you do buy into the game, be patient.A"
,Recommended,440900,29630952,Posted: 1 February,all,Tingilinde,"Definitely a beginner early access title, maybe a bit early for that as well, due to the amount of content I wouldn't have bought it if I didn't trust Funcom. They never disappointed me in other games, so I hope for the best in the future.Bugs, lags, lack of content: if you don't tolerate them, don't even open games with the early access sign and leave now, because you'll pull out every single hair you have. Or still have.ARK: I didn't want to compare them. Seriously. But the crafting, leveling (and how it handles death) system is just the exact copy which is a good system, but still a major let down to me. I didn't want to purchase a reskin of a game I already own, so I'm seriously considering a refund until it gets out of EA.Shelter system: I hope more weather effects or attack of monsters will come in the future, where you need to get into cover to survive. It adds a meaning to the whole building proccess. Right now you have to get cover from the sandstorm, which really is scary. And fun! I love sandbox games, but they usually feel like two different games: lego and survival. The two rarely has anything to do with each other. If this shelter thing and altars to the gods where you can give them sacrifices, wheels where you can break your thralls is the direction this game goes, it's a certain success. Meaningful/useful buldings and decorations otside of crafting stations and walls, that's what I miss from other survival games.Story: I love the idea of huge tablets containing hidden lore, but right now there really is nothing deep. I definetly hope for more, the locations are perfect for it. I still shiver when I think of the huge arena entrance guarded by the giant snake or the huge cavern full of spiders. I still have questions after finding some ruins full of newly built building stands and people. Are they rebuilding? Harvesting the stone? What happens there? Why are they surrounded by werewolf like creatures? Why is the city full of dragons? All of these cry for lore and friendly (?) npcs, gods, journals, quests, whatevers, a narrative and it seems to me the map was designed with this is mind. Most sandboxes only make you move and leave your settlement for more resources, I hope this time there's gonna be story to the places you visit as well. I found an aquaduct, which had a lore table, even though it was short, it instantly made the game more immersive.The thrall system is super awesome, the religion aspect as well. This game has a great potential, so even if you don't buy it, if you love the genre, keep an eye on it.Oh and one more thing, as a female player: just... just... thank you. :D"
,Recommended,440900,29643568,Posted: 1 February,all,daNt3,"I dont understand why everybody is ♥♥♥♥♥ing about performance or lag issues.This Game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ early access and the devs are working on it.I don´t want to say that there arent lags, but its fine for me and the rest of the game is super fun.I like the design/graphics and the whole building/crafting system.I recommend this game for sure, but if you guys want an super stable game, go play rust and come back in a few updates."
76561197960324082,Recommended,440900,29644618,Posted: 2 February,all,Obbi,"AMZING game, well spent 30 EU!. The futur of this game could be really great!"
76561198094212789,Recommended,440900,29691790,Posted: 4 February,all,Dalbækk,"I really like this game, but it surely has it's flaws as every Early Access game has, but considering this it's farely stable for a Early Access game. Can't wait to see what they have in store for this gamne in the future. Gets a recommendation from me."
76561198065152179,Recommended,440900,29770336,Posted: 7 February,all,Bat,"I'm terrible at reviews but here goes...The games been compared to Rust and Ark, now I can't stand Ark for some reason but I do like Rust minus some points about it that I would change. Conan so far has to have me reccomend it, it really is like a mix of the 2 but it takes the positives from both and combines them leaving the negative behind. theres a few bugs but they're being worked out really fast and its definitely a game getting involved in."
,Recommended,440900,29794200,Posted: 8 February,all,Somveo,"Conan Exiles is a great survival game. The best thing about this game is its BALANCED in all aspects. Nothing in CE ever feels too grindy but yet doesn't feel totally easy either. The game does away with small annoyances that other games like ARK have. Things like refueling every single torch and light are absent here which is a good thing, no structural decay which is a good thing as these small things just add annoyance to a game. A game is meant to be fun not a ridiculous drag of wasting your time maintaining everything every 5 minutes.The map is large and every area feels unique with different creatures and terrain to explore. There are many locations for you to settle down and take advantage of the landscape around you to your benefit.The combat is bloody n gory just how I like it with decapitations and all kinds of limbs flying off.The thrall system is great and you never feel alone in your giant house all by yourself when you have thralls everywhere maintaining it for you.Lastly, the devs of this game put out Patches and Updates EVERY SINGLE DAY. They work hard on it and the game is in NO danger of being abandoned as Funcom is a RELIABLE and resepected gaming company with much experience in the Conan universe. If you find a major problem one day you can almost be guaranteed it will be fixed the next day or day after.I can only say that im super excited for the future of this game."
,Recommended,440900,29804289,Posted: 9 February,all,Bath Knight,"Somewhat rough around the edges, and no denying there is a long road ahead for the devs to make this game truly what it can be, but despite all that I'm still thoroughly enjoying my time with it. I would recommend this title if you are willing to look past a game's bugs and glitches at an early stage. Certainly has me complaining far less than many other EA titles that I've bought. *cough*10/10 would give charecter huge dong again."
,Recommended,440900,29858501,Posted: 11 February,all,ZenVolta 🍌,I like it. I think it has a way to go but its fun and I already feel like Ive gotten my moneys worth
76561198087933619,Recommended,440900,29891936,Posted: 12 February,all,Assailer,In many ways this game is already betten than ARK. I will change this review if paid DLC pops while the game is still in EA.
76561198108002590,Recommended,440900,29942367,Posted: 15 February,all,ArHoyland,"Best game I have played in a while, little childish but fun with full nudity. I really recomend it to people that like survival games. Also you have to have a lot of resources to build so you wont get tired of it after you have built everything."
76561198026214399,Recommended,440900,29959690,Posted: 16 February,all,Doombane,This game is absolutely amazing. Far better than any other survival game I've ever played. Definitely recommend it!
,Recommended,440900,30050111,Posted: 19 February,all,IThrowPower,This game is amazing. I bought thinking i would hate it and i love it. I met a aweosme guy on a pve servers and we played all day. Thi sgame is defiently more fun with someone else but it still fun alone i played the first 3-4 hours alone. Its not a CHEA P EARLY ACCESS VERSON OF ARK. Ark when it first cam einto early access was HORRIBLEEEEEEEEEEE. This games early access is already amazing and with all the stuff they plan to add it will be one of the best survival games imo way better than ARK. Give it a try if you dont like it remember... you can always refund it b4 the 2 hour mark. But only get this if you have patience. One time i logged off then back on died from starvation somehow right as i got one spawned and immediately died b4 i could even move which caused all my gear to despawn. but with my buddy we got it all back quick so be careful.
76561198035084805,Recommended,440900,30059369,Posted: 20 February,all,Uberman21,"THUMBS UP, BUT PLEASE READ BEFORE BUYINGFirst off, let me say this game is amazing. It has so much potential, and I realise that its in Alpha.That being said, let me give you a run-down on my 100+ hours played so far;Day 1: Build a sandstone base. . Get raided. . Grind to level 23ish and start making stonebrick. Get a basic stonebrick structure done, get a few thralls and que up stuff before bed for more building in the morningDay 2: Log in. Raided. Start from scratch again. Make a basic sandstone structure, and start cooking stone to make a stonebrick structure. Grind to level 50 on a modded 3x all server. Get a nice stonebrick structure done with a few level 3 thralls. Look up some youtube videos on where to build. Find out cliff bases are the only way to survive.Day 3: Log in. Raided. Move to a cliff as mentioned above. Build a nice T2 stonebrick base. Spend most of the day getting your level 3 thralls back. Destroy stairs before logging out. Ensure there is no way anyone could raid your base.Day 4: Log in. Raided. Someone must have exploited to get up to your base using any number of things (Well exploit, jumping exploit, whatever else that I don't know about). Since I'm level 50 I go straight for a T3 base. Build cleverly. Make a nice T3 base tested in admin mode on a private server. It'd take at least 50 explosives to get to loot room. Farm a few thralls before bed.Day 5: Log in. NOT raided. Farm more thralls. Create a bug-out chest with all your good stuff as seen in a youtube video so you can combat log with your stuff if necessary. Life is good. *Hears jumping outside*.....*goes to roof to see whats up*.... 15 people outside of your base. They are dropping explosives like candy. They are moving lightning fast. Run inside and hide yo kids. . hide yo wife. . gather thralls and resources into chest. . . But wait. They somehow made it to your roof. . Loot all from your chest. Log out ASAP. . . . . 1 hour goes by and you log back in. You are at 800% invintory capacity with your whole life in your invintory. Wait for base to render in. . Base does not render in. Your T3 base was 100% wiped by explosives and exploits. . . . You were Raided.Unfortunatly this is the cycle you will go through on EVERY server. Admins or not, they can't watch it all. This may sound like a salty cry baby story, and it kinda is. The game is amazing, but there are serious flaws and bugs in its current state. The testing has been done, and bugs have been submitted. Devs just need to come up with a fix to the long list of raiding exploits players can use. In its current state, raiding is simply too easy. I've seen people summon Yog and wipe bases every hour on the hour like its nothing. I've experienced people placing unreasonable amounts of explosives like its nothing. I've wittnessed people jumping 100 feet into the air, landing next to you and saying some jibberish in russian as they kill you. Maybe in one or two weeks the game will be playable, but right now- you start from scratch every morning you log in.Good luck folks."
76561198117106772,Recommended,440900,30064228,Posted: 20 February,all,BlueRam,"Very entertaining game, bear in mind it's in early access still so improvements are coming but the game is pretty solid.Please bring mounts as soon as possible!For those who like building and surviving games  like me, buy it now."
76561198041692463,Recommended,440900,29646092,Posted: 2 February,all,Stevo,"Great game so far....erm, I dont find it similar to ARK...Rust, maybe, but when Rust first came out it was crap....still feels crap....hitiing stone...to get stone. This game, however, already fun! Yes, the details to graphics is awesome, for example the sand that flows from your feet or other objects, the wind.....it has a nice atmosphere! I am having a blast building my legacy! First time round, I died, a couple of times...the combat is not perfect and can be redone, it is true. But, it is no where near as bad as people make it.It is fun, it feels fresh and it almost feels complete, you have MANY things to research and build. Male characters could use some more hairstyle options or other details slider. But for now, I am happy with what we have. 30 dollors is not too much to ask for as it does feel complete, the servers do work WELL! No lag, no crashses no problems! Great job and I hope the updates keep coming!"
76561198194763874,Recommended,440900,29675713,Posted: 3 February,all,123,"I feel a lot of the stream communtiy does not understand the idea of early access. If you are not ready to suffer through bugs, just wait until full release. Its hard to really judge a game on bugged out launch week.Lots of fun if you are into creative building, survival, exploration, hidden stories, and raids/being raided. I've run into plenty of bugs, a lot of which are patched within hours if not the next day. A.I. has a long way to go( a long way), but the game has a lot of potential.AS someone who has put a lot of time into a base already, and woke up to no servers, I'm still looking foward to the game and seeing how it develops in its infancy."
,Recommended,440900,29727450,Posted: 5 February,all,Johnny The Zombie,I would advise avoiding teleporting alligators if you want to keep your stuff ...
76561198013988614,Recommended,440900,29960390,Posted: 16 February,all,Fluidic,"THE GOOD :It's Mostly stable, doesnt lag too hard fps or ping wise.Building system is the best I have seen out of the box with no mods required, if you can think it, you can build it.Crafting is okay, tad on the barebones side but still solid.Combat is your standard survial click spam, but the animations feel good.Map size is quite large, with many interesting features and landmarks.THE BAD:Mob AI is very basic, and in somecases broken.Base Raiding is very easy or totally impossible, depending on the design of the base and its location.Weapon balance needs work.Various small bugs and annoyances.All in all its a very good game seeing its only been in development for a year. Funcom has stated the game is already in profit, so from that we can expect lots of updates and content."
76561197995743576,Recommended,440900,30066030,Posted: 20 February,all,Ator-77,"Has standard open world survival stuff: gathering, hunting, building, pvp. But it is very pretty and atmospheric with plenty of background lore. Melee combat is basic attack spamming atm with some variety between weapons and mob behaviours: Kappa turtle big AoE and spider poison attacks can be blocked with shields etc. They also promise to add an interesting magic system.Benefits a lot from SSD as it  reduces load times dramatically and makes the game run smoother."
76561198033504259,Recommended,440900,29643619,Posted: 1 February,all,Fox Harley,"I had big hopes for this. Mostly because it was not an indie release. I was hopeful that a respected and established developer would release something playable. Sure i was expecting bugs, glitches, and intermittent server issues. What I got was 10-20 second freezes every 30-45 seconds. Single player was a little better but not by much. Sure you can say its ""Early Release"" all you want, but when I pay for something I expect it to be somewhat playable. In its current state this game is not. ""STAY AWAY"" until recent reviews say otherwise. The ""Early Release"" scam will hopefully be coming to an end soon. What was once the sole domain of unscrupulous independent developers is now being tested as a business model by acclaimed and established publishers! I certainly hope that marks the beginning of the end of this trend.Pros:1. Great concept and idea2. Okay graphic when it isn't ""freeze framed""3. Decent mechanics and progressionCons:1. EXTREME lag, feezing, and rubbrbanding. If I could make a suggestion to the devs it would be to disable the foliage animations...this is my theory as to why there is so much lag in this game.2. Servers are even more laggy, freezy, and unstable...there is no PvP just watching enemies teleport to and fro3. Login times are insanely long. I waited 20 minutes one time for my single player to come on.My system exceeds the recommended settings by far. I have a wired connection and do not have any ""game breaking"" issues such as these with 99.9% of the online games I play. In my honest opinion the devs lowballed the minimum system requirements in order to rope more people into thier scam. In fact the only people I have heard from that are not experiencing the extreme issues are those with $3000+ rigs with all the bells and whistles.I find the way the devs portrayed the game in thier youtube videos to be unethicall and untruthful. There was not a stutter or lag spike to be seen. What we were sold was a far cry from what we were given.End early access releases for the love of all that is holy! This has to stop. At first I blamed the developers because it was a few independents...now I am blaming you STEAM...stop propogating this filth!"
76561198121207823,Recommended,440900,29803409,Posted: 9 February,all,Quantum*,Great Game just need to fix the bugs because there are a lot of them. But I'm loving playing it so mutch !
76561198035393779,Recommended,440900,29971198,Posted: 16 February,all,Boom,"I very much have enjoyed my time in Conan Exiles so far.The graphics are beautiful, from the terrain to the hair to the clothing.  The game runs smooth for me and I'm able to play on ultra with no problem (16 gb ram, 2gb nvidia gfx card).  A recent patch promised faster loading on buildings and delivered.  The combat mechanics, crafting and thrall system are fun and intuitive.  It almost feels like a survival/mmo hybrid.Are there bugs?  Absolutely.  I am a server admin for a 70 slot rp-pvp server and the bugs do keep me busy.  Do I want to see more content, more clothes, my decorations?  Absolutely.  They have been extremely clear that this is EA and that all of these things are coming.  As long as they keep up the communication with the community, I am very happy."
76561198070442127,Recommended,440900,29770191,Posted: 7 February,all,☭ Potato,"So for those that are intreressted in  Conan, from my experience I would say wait a bit. So far It had a better launch than ARK but is has the same rubberbanding♥♥♥♥♥♥  all I can say is that let it get some patches in. All in all I like it though"
,Recommended,440900,29881151,Posted: 12 February,all,Evanlift,"Waiting for Stamina, The Video Game"
,Recommended,440900,30091367,Posted: 21 February,all,Elitewafflez,"Sooo much fun in such an early state, even with the game breaking bugs lol."
,Recommended,440900,30127296,Posted: 23 February,all,MvrcK,"Not enough PvE Content at the moment. Keep your eye on this game and see how it develops.Archers are useless atm they overshoot the target.Also seems like developers do not playtest updates enough. One the other day broke the waterskin lol.This is a game to watch.Also spawning avatars is too easy, f**k losing 50-100 hours of base building by someone spawning an avatar easily :)Very buggy, kicks you out of servers a lot and sometimes crashes so i can't even use task manager have to restart PC lol, same has happened to multiple friends.Looks great graphics wise, just needs polishing. But i suppose that is what early access is for."
76561198032123922,Recommended,440900,30207001,Posted: 26 February,all,ChameniGnosi,"BEST MULTIPLAYER SURVIVAL GAME EVER +Your choice of PvP or PvE and RP (by server preference)Given decent server settings (low gear wear / combat damage taken, and other tweaks) along with a good admin that can work with the database to keep things clean, this is the best survival game in the genre.  Couple that with roleplay and clans, and you have a really rich environment to enjoy.  One issue a poor server / host will have is real estate being taken up by people that are inconsiderate and build profusely, then leave and do not come back.  Areas that have player buildings keep things from spawning and potentially ruin the prospect of gaining thralls or combat in that area.  So it's important the server admin / host manages the real estate / database efficiently.MODSA server that hosts mods is also a plus, improving the game measurably.  Such as Increased Item Stack - so you don't have to have multiple iventory or storage box slots dedicated to the same stuff, MapCoords - a grid on the player map to make it easier for players to find each other, and Pickup+ which is super helpful as it allows picking up placed builds instead of only dismantling them.  The game (unless it changes) does not allow moving things around once placed.BUGSI have found playing in 4k video res made the game unstable for me.  I do not know if this was representative of the game, or my PC.  I recommend playing in no higher than 1080 HD for stability sake.  Also, a player should refrain from mixing modes - try not to use inventory or build while sitting in a chair, or swimming, as examples.  Mixing placing buildings with inventory actions or equipping / unequipping items can cause issues.  However, in all the crashes I've had on all the servers I have played, the game picked up where it left off without any remnant of the problem."
76561198019236577,Recommended,440900,30404734,Posted: 9 March,all,Steinard,This has been quite a bit of fun so far. Still Early Access but none the less it has alot of potential out of the gate.
,Recommended,440900,29686067,Posted: 3 February,all,Kithe,"This is a bit of a tough one. I am giving it the thumbs up because it is playable and enjoyable currently, which is more than can be said for many alphas. Should you drop $30 on it? That's a solid maybe. It's got some frame rate issues, but none that were more than mere annoyances (I dropped to one FPS one time for about 4 seconds). All in all it runs okay, looks okay, and is already more fun than ARK. Buying it or not makes no real difference now. On one hand, you'll have a fun little survival game in your pocket that will get better with time. On the other, waiting allows it to get better with time anyway. Combat absolutely needs work though. It's like Osiris: New Dawn except you don't have guns."
76561197985649319,Recommended,440900,29755645,Posted: 6 February,all,SiG_Psypher,Its a rocky start but has a ton of potential and actually is filled with a lot of content already. If you enjoy ark and that style of play but alittle more primative. This is the game for you.
76561198017559275,Recommended,440900,29791004,Posted: 8 February,all,Shaak Gi,"This game is a lot of fun and really easy to find the hours slipping away while playing it. I've put in over fifty hours at time of writing and have seen my first avatar, some base raids and PVP on a populated server. The game is a great value at the price and the early access does not feel TOO early of a release. Very playable as is."
,Recommended,440900,30096600,Posted: 22 February,all,Archmage,"This is a rather premature review I must admit.  However, I feel it necessary to give an honest opinion of what is the current state of the game and what I see the future may hold.Currently:buggycrashesneeds optimizationunbalancedbutnice visualsgood character customizationnice combateasy to understand crafting systemI can see a bright future aheadThis game is an early access title, there is no doubt about that, FunCom has never tried to hide that fact.  Always upfront about what they're doing and working to fix bugs, perform optimizations, etc.  Exiles actually improves as they update the game, which they do regularly unlike countless of the fire and forget early access titles that were abandoned by their devs after they got paid.I've been burned a few times beforewith early access titles and like all of them it is a good idea to take any review with a grain of salt and research before you buy.But here I am recommending a game I have barely played (as of writing this just over 5 hrs) because I see what FunCom is doing, I see where they want to go.  Given time to polish, balance, and optimize I think Conan Exiles has the potential to be a wonderful game.I see no structural flaws that can't be worked out with some time, even the crafted item balance which seems to be a common gripe amongst the other reviewers is a relatively easy although lengthy problem to fix.  Once again it is early access and balancing is one of many things that will be worked out with time.It's early access so buyer beware but I would recommend this game because I think FunCom will keep with it and give us a solid product."
,Recommended,440900,30394121,Posted: 8 March,all,Croz,129 hours of fun gameplay and more to come with new content. 100% recommended
76561198360919110,Recommended,440900,29675532,Posted: 3 February,all,iRageQT,Anyone else having problem loading server list??
,Recommended,440900,29727307,Posted: 5 February,all,Oitoite,Constant patches which I think is good. So far enjoying the game a lot.
76561198023173811,Recommended,440900,29746193,Posted: 6 February,all,Thane,So I get a lot of people are crapping on this game because it is in early access and thats fine. If you dont like early access games then dont write a review until it is more polished. Devs are amazing and gameplay is great-10/10 so far for me.
,Recommended,440900,29763350,Posted: 7 February,all,MuffinMonster,"horrible melee combat that needs to be improved drastically, otherwise the game already has a lot of content available and if the combat and performance issues get fixed I can see this game to be an overall well rounded game in the future."
76561198079647978,Recommended,440900,30477864,Posted: 12 March,all,☣ Don Sonny ☣,"Very adictive game , Once u start with playing nothing can stop u ... only china people :)"
76561198104834557,Recommended,440900,29643445,Posted: 1 February,all,Night Shade,"Most of the negative reviews are from people who have experienced server issues however this should be fixed by the devs anytime now. Conan Exiles has had a good launch in my opinion when compared to other games of the genre, plus it has alot of potential to be even better. I recommend it to anyone who loves survival or RP games.Pros:Enjoyable crafting systemGraphics look niceRuns very well for an early access gameCharacter customisationInteresting worldCool theme songBoobsCons:Bad AICombat is averageWeird hit boxes"
76561197984156738,Recommended,440900,29643578,Posted: 1 February,all,Tami,Imagine Ark but better.
76561198030991170,Recommended,440900,29692173,Posted: 4 February,all,deuteros,Never been to keen on survival games until now. There is a lot more to this game than first meets  the eye.EA start main problem is servers. But with private server it's OK.  Just be aware that you might loose stuff. The development these first days with 1-2 patches a day can make older versions unstable. I regard these days as tutorial.
76561197990768776,Recommended,440900,29700076,Posted: 4 February,all,h3X3n,This game is THE best survival crafting game around and its only the first few days of early access. I play this game on a private server with only a handfull of friends so there is not lag whatsoever. I can't say for public servers but the game runs really well with graphics set to ultra. Maybe it's time for you guys to upgrade your 6 years old GPUs.The only downside at the moment is the poor and somewhat unresponsive combat mechanics but I recon the devs are working to improve it.Also base building is 10/10.
76561198037043291,Recommended,440900,29700154,Posted: 4 February,all,lakevla2k,"This game is very good currently, and can become a great game if the devs continue to stamp out bugs, listen to community, and implement all the features they have discussed. It is very similar to Ark, but I feel the story, setting, and exploration aspect set it apart. Content is solid right now, future updates sound very interesting.That being said the game is in a good place for EA, Devs have been fantastic so far, I can definately rrecommend this game to anyone, just realise it will have some bugs, few crashes, and some animation issues."
76561198074073577,Recommended,440900,29701329,Posted: 4 February,all,leew,"As others have noted, this is alot like ARK. The big difference is with theme and usability. In that way, it can be more fun to play. It has better game, survival balance and is very stable for an EA environment. ARK has grown more complex and more tedious because they haven't bothered with usability and UI design issues like Exiles has...This game appears to be 6+ months away from prime time level maturity, but it just came out days ago and the devs have produced a very good foundation for development."
76561198281292376,Recommended,440900,29702830,Posted: 4 February,all,Sookkyyy,"Possibly the most addicting game I've played in the past 12 months. Easily.There are good parts and bad parts of course with it being a 5 day old early access game.The good +It's got a good loot / resource system however branches are a pain for a campfireIt's combat system is fairly good, with the different types and levels of NPCsIt's graphics are BEAUTIFUL to say it's so youngThe bad -It needs optimizing, having spent around £1,000 on a desktop and built it myself; I was fairly annoyed when it lagged on medium settings, this had to be the game as I was playing on single playerAs a wholeI love this game and would recommend this to anyone who has enjoyed rust or is just human :PGreat job devs, just don't **** it up by leaving it, even though in the past 2 days i've had it you've updated it 2 or 3 times :)"
76561198014944926,Recommended,440900,29620829,Posted: 31 January,all,KnightWolf,"I am thoroughly enjoying this game. It is a breath of fresh air after playing Ark for over 1,000 hours. This game has learned many things from Ark and improved upon them. Building is much better in Conan. You can build into the landscape and stack foundations to build taller structures. You can dual wield weapons and hold a torch with another weapon/tool. You can finally gather with weapons out. There is a lot to like here. I have very high hopes for this game. I can't wait for magic, and pets to come!Really my only complaint aside from the bugs is that the human ai needs to be improved. I would like to see them wander, hunt, and setup settlements.***I will update this as I continue to play."
76561198078162004,Recommended,440900,29631014,Posted: 1 February,all,Mr. Shapes,Not bad at all. I will wait and let it update and fix things and add new content before I suggest it to others though.
76561198002682997,Recommended,440900,29622932,Posted: 1 February,all,Bandit,"Like most Early Access open world survival games at launch. Bit choppy and laggy and the AI is stupid and often non-responsive. Still, I've enjoyed it so far and will keep on playing. If Funcom can patch and update this game on a regular basis and keep adding content it's gonna be an absolute beast of a game. Don't buy if you can't handle bugs, the occasional lag spike, stupid AI, and the rest of the common EA issues. The building is fun, the world looks good and they actually have a functioning server browser (although I can't seem to find my favourites after marking them as favourites).  Looking forward to tje first couple of updates to see how this is gonna pan out."
76561198322496867,Recommended,440900,30022544,Posted: 18 February,all,Avirith,Great game! even in early access. best if played with friends
76561198158433794,Recommended,440900,29704088,Posted: 4 February,all,Fia,"Be sure that you understand what an Early Access game is before you buy and read what the developers have to say about EA too. If you're on the fence, take the time to watch Funcom's streams either on their Twitch channel,https://www.twitch.tv/funcom, or YouTube,https://m.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLslJuCwxznH_kSK1JOqs0KPyP3ZVNPnAKI love the direction the developers are going. I also appreciate the frank updates including why they had to drop their original server provider.As long as players continue to give constructive feedback and bug reports, and as long as the devs continue to communicate with their playerbase, I have great hopes for this game.Best of luck to Funcom :)"
,Recommended,440900,29787721,Posted: 8 February,all,Silentverge,"Conan Exiles... My partner and I are scouting the desert wasteland for a bandit camp to capture a blacksmith and make him our thrall. (work for us) We come across two other exiles building a base not far from our hidden base in the mountains, so we stop by to investigate/greet them. ""Hello there sirs, How goes it?"" I ask. Shoooooomth! Im met with an arrow to the arm. I dodge the next two arrows and we run behind a rock. I say to my partner, ""Lets do this!"" My partner and I rush the attackers.The one exile breaks his stairs leading up to his tower in progress so we cant get to him and starts hailing down arrows at us. My partner starts firing back. I, not having a bow but having a steel pickaxe, notice another larger base about 100 yards to the east. (obviously theirs) So, I rush over there and start hacking down one of the walls to try to entice the attacker to come down. The other exile has ran inside this base by this time and I can hear him frantically running around. I tear down a wall but cant get inside because the foundations were too high to jump on...Then comes the sandstorm. Almost immediately, Wind and sand is swirling around, Im blinded at this point, can barely see 5 feet in front of me.Trying to make out the terrain and navigate myself to a more safe area, I hear running footsteps getting closer, and quickly. SLASH! something slices me in the back, then the front. Blood spraying on the ground, Im at about 60% health. I can barely make out the two exiles circling me. I attack them both the best I can with my sword and shield. One rushes me with a charged spear trust, I block him with my shield and counter attack with a swift slice to his shoulder. I circle around the one and down him with a final charged blow, slicing his arm off in the process. Im now faced against the other exile 1 vs 1. My health is around 30% at this point. I can feel my palms sweating, hands shaky, adrenaline rushing.The exile lunges at me with his spear, I quickly dodge to the left and then strike his right arm. He backs off, we start circling around, both looking for an opening to strike and regaining stamina. Then, Out of nowhere... Thunk! An arrow sinks in the exiles back. ""This is my chance"" I think to myself. I start pummeling him with sword strikes. My partner runs up on him from behind and with her huge battle axe slices the exile, ripping his torso from the rest of his body...Blood and body parts everywhere, on the brink of death, we quickly snatch the exiles gear and loot. Then head off towards our home.This happened last night. I dont think I have had such a rush in a video game in a long time.The game is not without its bugs and shortcomings though but it is only a week into early access. So it is to be expected.I would rate this game for an early access title 9/10This game has ALOT of potential to be great!FunCom dont screw this up!!!Anyone that likes survival games like Rust, Ark Survival... ect. Will love this game. PERIODJust buy it right now."
76561198034708253,Recommended,440900,29861460,Posted: 11 February,all,wannsa,"This is an Early Access review. I have not only enjoyed playing the game in the stunning world they've created, I've also enjoyed watching others play as well.The bugs are being taken care of, the patches keep coming out. I host a server for my husband and myself, and we have no issues other than the lag from larger structures and I've lost my cook thrall from my bonfire 3 times. Maybe she gets burned up, who knows lol.I love it, and can see much potential in the game. I'm sticking around to see how it all unfolds."
76561198072430865,Recommended,440900,29633774,Posted: 1 February,all,faarbaute,"The game already has a nice building system, a beautiful and interesting map with lots of different landscapes, many different NPC's and creatures, you can even capture NPC's and use them as slaves, guards, etcetera :DI think this game will be the greatest survival game to dateI recommend this to everybody"
,Recommended,440900,29861476,Posted: 11 February,all,Turbo123,"I will redo the review later but just so that I can add to the goodness of this game I want to submit my review!!!The game is a tad bit glitchy now and then but for $30 the PvE feature in this game is amazing! I love being able to capture slaves and make them work for me.The building is amazing and the world ACTUALLY KILLS YOU!The game is a definite purchase, funcom has done plenty to show they want to make this game the #1 survival game in the industry!"
76561198203977468,Recommended,440900,29914827,Posted: 13 February,all,Atlas,This game is awesome. Highly recommend it.
76561198045814497,Recommended,440900,29888635,Posted: 12 February,all,[RGQT] RedNekBish,"A simple review from a simple player, the game is EA so know that before you start to complain. I'm running my own dedicated server which after the last two patches seems to have made it stable. The game play is a tad glitchy but most things that are currently implemented are working as they should be.The building is  polished and the crafting system is on par with that of Rust, the combat is mmm... arcade like if that makes sense. I hope that they add a bit more too the combat system, something like Chivalry maybe.The content is quite limited and the vanilla servers are tough to start on, as unlike many games in this genre the PvE is actually pretty difficult until you get the hang of it.The PvP... well until they get the combat system a bit mre polished and fluid the PvP isn't what I'd call the greatest, but it'll do for now.I love the game so far, and I'm quite exciting to see what they will bring to the table next!Come join the fun with us on our PvP Relaxed NakedCoedPillowFight,http://nakedpillowfight.ddns.net:8080"
76561198342155624,Recommended,440900,29622395,Posted: 31 January,all,eatdrumsleep,"I am having an extremely fun time with this game!! Game runs smooth for the most part. I am getting alot of ""ghosting"" tho. Is anyone else experiencing this?"
76561197969281458,Recommended,440900,29834688,Posted: 10 February,all,Lordove,Love this game :)
,Recommended,440900,30404771,Posted: 9 March,all,Harley Quinn,I love this game.❤❤
76561197971176601,Recommended,440900,29809255,Posted: 9 February,all,Crazy Norwegian,The best survival game in Early Access to date! It's a must try game!
,Recommended,440900,29686172,Posted: 3 February,all,Hekatomb,"It's like Ark, but Conanesque, I bashed some German guy's head in with a lump of rock on a stick, then ate him and got a super bad tummy ache - guess I shoulda gone Yog instead of MitraSouthern part of the map is generally safer, harder enemies spawn further north.Avoid setting up base near other players, they can be unsurprisingly grabby about infinitely respawning resources.Spec carefully to avoid reaching a dead-end where you have to grind killing things for an extended period; playing in a group makes surviving on a basic level far easier.Always set ""endowment"" slider to max, that way, if you end up caught in the nude fighting for your life, your superior equipment will demoralize your enemy,"
76561197987653682,Recommended,440900,30051380,Posted: 19 February,all,Nignalius,Early access with a fair amount of bugs. Lots of potential here. Excited to see what else the developers bring as the game matures.Fun survival. Fun exploration (HUGE world). Awesome lore if you're a conan fan.8/10
76561198005184581,Recommended,440900,29755852,Posted: 6 February,all,Nazdreg,A good start. This is a game to keep an eye on for people who loved Rust and ARK.
,Recommended,440900,29756399,Posted: 6 February,all,VR46,"This is a fantastic game - if you're into this type of game and understand an early release and all that comes with it.Helps if you have friends to join in, nothing beats this type of game when played with a small group of friends."
,Recommended,440900,29756387,Posted: 6 February,all,The Mean Man,"First and foremost, Funcom is doing an awesome job so far. They've been pumping out patches addressing community complaints as far as stability and balancing while continuing to work on and keep us updated on future patches. They had issues with their original partner for the Official server hosting, so they dropped them and are working on finding a new host.The game itself is great, in my opinion. Runs better for me than most other survival games and is in an awesome universe lore-wise. There is a singleplayer mode, also, for those who would rather play alone."
76561198352018852,Recommended,440900,29623042,Posted: 1 February,all,NathanDingy,"Amazing game I true survival game I have been waiting for, been playing non stop despite the bad server optimaztion. A survival game with no focus on guns or other ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t like dinosaurs which makes a much funner experiance.Pros:Beautiful GraphicsFull NudityAmazing building systemGather while holding toolsdual wieldingCombat system is more advanced then other survival games but needs workCons:Non random spawn locationsBad server optimization (Rubberbanding)Animations are wonky af"
76561197970763385,Recommended,440900,29622924,Posted: 1 February,all,DC,"In time looks and feels like it will be a very enjoyable survival game, with a nice Conan flavor to it. If you are not into or do not understand what an EA game is please do not buy it, but if you like to see and help flesh out how a game develops it can be quite fun. I would recommend that people play solo/coop tell they get a handle on the games crafting and devs get some bugs worked out with the online multiplayer servers."
,Recommended,440900,29748137,Posted: 6 February,all,DanOnGames,"I played some hours along right now - with two characters on two machines - my ASUS UX303UB (I7-6500U, 8GB, GeForce 940M w. 2GB dedicated) for testing purposes and my current gaming rig (I7-7700k, 16GB DDR4-3200, GeForce GTX1070 w. 8GB, Z270 board).In Ultra settings, even my gaming rig gets under pressure sometimes - so I guess there is still some optimization potential. It seems the game is about to update the world which takes a lot of resources - in fights, I even had some short freezes).Under minimal settings at 1366x768, it even runs quite OK on the ASUS notebook and looks still good enough to have fun with.Also, the balancing still needs some optimization. But I guess that will still happen (Early Access).Overall, I do not regret to having spent these 30€ for this game and am looking forward what will be coming up in the future."
76561198007909091,Recommended,440900,29787258,Posted: 8 February,all,rincarsarff,"It's currently 2/8/2017 and the only issues with this ALPHA phase game are server malfunctions, private or public.SurvivalServers.comservers started acting up and it was the company's fault. Besides that the gameplay is very good, with more to come once and as they keep working on server issues, hardware issues, and software issues."
76561198165418356,Recommended,440900,29862308,Posted: 11 February,all,Matasareanu,Re-review put a couple solid hours in. People are to quick these days to critique harshly. This games a flawed gem that needs polishing hence pre-release. If Funcom actually develops this game they might take this genre too the next level. Devs must focus on combat and exploration loot content. Having a blast playing the game so far!!!
,Recommended,440900,30186329,Posted: 25 February,all,Ay Ay Ron,"Let me begin by saying, this is an Early Access game. It's not finished and the developers have stated this time and time again.Now, onto how I feel about the game. I think it's fantastic, it's simple and borrows all of the good elements from Ark (and some of the older bad ones but hey, it's Early Access, REMEMBER?!)It's very smooth and looks absolutely gorgeous on Ultra fraphics. The animations are nice for the most part and the developers have been improving the game consistantly since it's launch. The game was given to me by a friend, just as I was going to buy it and I am extremely thankful that he did. Being hesitant of another Early Access game, I was reluctant to purchase it.But let me tell you, if you want to roam the desert wastes and beat the crap out of some F*$^ING HYENAS?! This is the game for you. God, there's so many Hyenas though... Anyway, it's a great game, the building is nice and is being updated quite a bit, the gathering is tweaked from time to time as the developers balance everything out and it is just an overall promising game. Whenever the developers release their plans for what this game is to become, it just makes me more excited to play the more that is added.If you like a good survival game, this is it. Annnnd last but not least - as I was trying to avoid this - naked barbarians. 7/10"
76561198018680696,Recommended,440900,29620807,Posted: 31 January,all,Rare Gameplay,Great game! Runs smooth on my computer. This is like ark but much better in fact in my opinion it will be the Ark killer. Only negatives are the servers are messed up but as expected with early access launch day. Hopefully in a day or so servers will be up and running better!
,Recommended,440900,34337076,Posted: 18 August,all,SpanglyClown,"PvE is really fun, set the game rules to match that and it's a ton of fun. PvP is pretty awful, not worth the migraine it causes. 6/10"
76561198016731014,Recommended,440900,30091944,Posted: 21 February,all,123,Love it!
76561197972212796,Recommended,440900,29729035,Posted: 5 February,all,hunkadunk,"This game has lots of potential!The developers are doing a great job making the world feel alive with NPCs and various creatures, and providing constant updates. The world also looks great. Looking forward to the other biomes aswell."
76561198048937225,Recommended,440900,29729489,Posted: 5 February,all,stinger188,"Has quite a few bugs but they are releasing patches quite regularly.  If survival games are your cup of tea, then you'll enjoy this.  It's obviously not finished yet so if you have no patience for things being broken and not working as intended, then you might want to wait."
76561197968927674,Recommended,440900,29910538,Posted: 13 February,all,MDKG Labrat,"So 25 hours into the game. Time for a review.First thing to consider when playing this, it is still in alpha. Expect bugs, expect a bit of an empty feel as more stuff is going to be added to the game late down the line.I've been playing on a private pve server with 4 other people. The game is enjoyable. I think you need to at least get to the point that you can make iron tools before you can review this game. It is a grind up until then. But saying that, it was still fun levelling up that far.You will get the most out of this game playing with others. The points system for recipes seems geared that you aren't meant to know them all and people should learn different stuff in a clan.The combat is basic at the time of this review and dodging is pointless.There are parts of the story dotted about the place and some hidden like Easter eggs, so is fun hunting them down.Plenty to keep you busy at this stage in development. Not too many game braking bugs. Runs quite well on low end machines.I heard a lot of bad things about the server side of things. I have not encountered any issues running a fever myself. No rubber banding for me or my friends. This leads me to think the server's that are having issues are under powered or poor bandwidth."
,Recommended,440900,29908555,Posted: 13 February,all,9gagger,"There should be a ""maybe"" option but yes, I do recommend although it could be greatly improved. The building system is great but not as great as Rust's system, which summarizes all of your building options into one single item. It's kinda annoying that you have to craft the parts first, then put it into your tools belt or whatever it's called and then start building. A single item like the Building Plan in Rust would be a much better option.Also, PvE isn't hard: it's annoying or boring depending on the situation. At first levels mobs aren't really a threat. Then there are mobs such as spiders which are way too annoying, especially since shields aren't really useful. If a mob attacks you and you block its attack, right after you hear the sound of it hitting your shield you'd think ""oh hey time to attack and then block it again"". But nope, you'll receive damage even if its attack animation is ending. And if you wait for it to end so you can attack, the next attack animation begins right after it and there's not enough time for you to block it. So what you have to do to defeat those mobs is simply attack them over and over and never try to use your shield.This is pretty lame for many reasons but mainly because:a. Mobs have the same kind of attack and they'll do it over and over again instead of switching to a different attack or even trying to avoid you or something. Spiders, for example, will throw poison balls and cripple you and if there's a few of them away from you then you're screwed. They'll keep throwing it instead of trying to reach you or using some other attack. You'll be poisoned so you won't be able to sprint away from them or avoid their poison balls and you'll be dead soon;b. Shields don't really work as explained above and not only that, they don't really last too long;c. There are many glitches such as mobs teleporting right next to you, your character not being able to hit mobs due to terrain while they can hit you etc.A good PvE system allows even low levels to defeat higher level mobs as long as you find a good strategy for it. It keeps PvE exciting since you don't need to reach a certain level to make sure you won't die simply because you'll have more HP and better armor.Another thing I forgot: items in general break way too easy. I mean do I really have to believe that after a few swings on naked people my iron sword would break? And then it costs a fortune to repair it."
76561198284432133,Recommended,440900,29909885,Posted: 13 February,all,XardasKSP,"A good game could be better if we get som quests then it will be like MMORPG where you have too feed your char, craft weapons and build your house that should be able to get filled with trophies."
76561198077971712,Recommended,440900,29678892,Posted: 3 February,all,Gathon,"This game is absolutely great, so far. Some people are comparing it to Rust, or ARK, and I do not see the resemblance. ARK is absolute garbage in comparison.This game is an EARLY ACCESS GAME, which came out literally about a week ago. There are some bugs here and there, but honestly nothing too game breaking.The game is set in the unforgiving world of Conan, get prepared to have your own♥♥♥♥♥handed to you, and force fed while you are starting out. I won't deny that this game is pretty damn hard, when you are starting. However it's easy to learn from your mistakes. Building a base of sorts should be your first priority, however finding the perfect spot is the difficulty! But that is what makes this game so damn awesome. Will you work with your fellow exiles, and build a fortress, city, or whatever? Or will you become the ultimate raider, and crush your enemies, see them driven before you, and hear the lamentation of the women?There are lots to do in this game, but resource gathering and base building is the most important.Combat, however, I will admit requires a LITTLE work. It's a little rusty, but seeing how active the developers are, and that this is a Funcom game, I am certain that they will clear up most issues rather soon. This game is very, extremely promising, and already is pretty ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. When I say awesome, I mean it literally inspires awe.But wait, there's more! ♥♥♥♥ing Thralls.You can literally at some point, capture hostile NPCs and drag them back to your lair and break them on the Wheel of Pain. What the wheel does, is that it crushes their will, and makes them your slaves, basically. These Thralls will craft for you, defend your territory, and quite simply, look ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. Want to be King of some territory? Rely on these guys to defend your land for you, while you and your friends work to make your territory badass. Rule the server with an Iron fist, and watch a healthy and awesome rivalry pick up as more players join the server with their own agenda, possibly undermining your own. The choices are endless.My advice? Get the game now. The more funds, players, and whatnot, the faster this game will be fully developed, the more it will have to offer, and the more the Devs will see that it is viable, and deserves their utmost attention. But they already have thousands upon thousands of people playing the game.HOWEVER. There is yet more!!!Their servers have MODES. As in full on PvP, PvE, or even RP. Literally this game caters to all sorts of players, and the options in each mode, again, are endless. Get the game.EDIT: One more damned thing. There are some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who are downvoting and talking trash about Conan Exiles. The game is Early Access and about four days old. Grow the ♥♥♥♥ up, and understand that this game will iron out all it's issues, and soon, seeing that literally for the past few days since it's been released, it's been getting updates.In summary, those that are downvoting, are complete idiots."
76561197968524835,Recommended,440900,29685785,Posted: 3 February,all,Roses,"So hop in an unofficial server with friends.Choose Yog. Become a Cannibal.Build a Yog pit and toss the flesh of man inside, because playing a stong independant woman that needs to eat.Yog gives me flesh of man to eat. Vote for Yog.Capture men and break their will.Eat the weak, enslave the strong.10/10Honestly it's a decent EA game. It just came out so it has some bugs that's being fixed. Funcom is a triple A buisness and less likely to be utter garbage and abandon like the fate alot of indie survival games. Alot of the mechanics are similiar to Ark by a very close margin, so if you like Ark then there is a good chance you'll like this one. Minus the dinos. This game has its own taming system, just taming people. Err.. well.. capturing and forcing to serve you."
,Recommended,440900,29711807,Posted: 4 February,all,Lightheadqt,Great game. Super fun open world RP-PVP Game. So fun to play with friends!
76561198122136140,Recommended,440900,29711985,Posted: 4 February,all,Drazz,"I love the game. Obviously it has issues but thats alpha. Good ammount of bugs but nothing that i can really complain about. (because it will all get fixed)MY ONLY COMPLAINT:Highest lvl is 50, cool right? Noooo because thats not enough points to unlock everything. (its about half)Im sure they will increase the max lvl or make it so everything can be unlocked eventually but as of right now i cant and its a little upsetting. Overall i love the game. Excluding my one complaint."
76561197979682443,Recommended,440900,29685816,Posted: 3 February,all,General Zod,"This whole lag discussion -- either that problem was fixed or people are just playing on ♥♥♥♥♥♥ servers. I have not seen heads nor tails of the lag issue.I am a huge fan of the Conan universe and most of Funcom's games in general.Funcom has committed to increasing the feature list of Exiles, a promise I am sure they will follow through (being a AAA developer.)Even as is, it is certainly an enjoyable experience."
76561197988395250,Recommended,440900,29735762,Posted: 5 February,all,Fisty,"This is a great Early Access title if you're looking to play a new survival game, get in at the start and play through the development. There are bugs aplenty. A lot of things are not finished. There are serious balancing issues when raiding anyone. The timers for survival mechanics like food/thirst go pretty fast. So far the items available for crafting give a good range of building options for a new title and hopefully they'll focus on completing other aspects of the game before adding new items and tiers that could screw up balance. Server choice is important, as some are considerably more laggy than others."
76561198034025197,Recommended,440900,29860770,Posted: 11 February,all,BL4ckness,"Around 20 hours in and the game is well worth the price so far. Multiplayer still has a long way to go, very frustrating with a lot of server issues, laggy combat with both AI and other players. I've actually had more fun playing singleplayer right now. The AI and NPCs are very challenging and there are plenty of things to keep you occupied even in singleplayer. The building system is excellent in my opinion (coming from a Rust player). Haven't done any raiding yet so can't comment on that. All in all, the game has a lot of promise and is surprisingly polished for an early access release."
,Recommended,440900,29935837,Posted: 14 February,all,xXRonal_dinhoXx,"I hope to be in the taming of animals and improve the atmosphere, such as rain and dust and improve the overall handle animation"
76561198058971761,Recommended,440900,29994036,Posted: 17 February,all,chris.storm07,Great game
76561198069605883,Recommended,440900,29995915,Posted: 17 February,all,kamyroon,I never knew slavery could be so much fun.
,Recommended,440900,29736379,Posted: 5 February,all,aTinyHorse,I MADE MY CHARACTER A BLACK GUY WITH BLONDE HAIR AND THE GAME CRUCIFIED ME FOR CULTRAL APPROPRIATION10/10 ♥♥♥♥ING MASTERPIEZ
76561198053956271,Recommended,440900,29836034,Posted: 10 February,all,Ryanide,"This game runs like it is intentionally made of nothing but bugs. That being said, I love it. Would surprisingly recommend."
76561198022917999,Recommended,440900,29836152,Posted: 10 February,all,Romulox,"This Ark mod is so Legit. 10/10But seriously cant stop playing,Recommend playing in a group.. 2 is fun.  3+ is better =)Lag is improving and seems like an awesome game given some more time and content."
,Recommended,440900,30363987,Posted: 6 March,all,SirNomegusta,"Essentially imagine ARK but with a slightly more advanced PvP mechanic and no dinosaurs. As of right now the content seems rather limited, so the most fun to be found -at least by my personal experience- is on multiplayer PvP with mods. Beautiful and very promising, I look forward to this game's development. If not worth the buy now -though I would argue it is-, certainly soon!"
,Recommended,440900,29929498,Posted: 14 February,all,[TEP]Zealow,"Fun stuff, now with mod support. This will grow into something good."
,Recommended,440900,30043711,Posted: 19 February,all,BabZoolander,only complaint is mid to late game is a grind to upgrade base
76561198025324009,Recommended,440900,29733131,Posted: 5 February,all,Merder,"I've played Conan Exiles for over 60 hours now and I'm really enjoying the game.  Yes, it's riddled with bugs at the moment, but that's to be expected with an early access title.  There are two major issues that I hope they address soon.  First, I'm constantly losing sync with the server, requiring me to log out and log back in.  Second, when I log in, it takes a long time for all of the player placed building pieces to render in.  In a hevily built area this can take a couple of minutes sometimes.Aside from that, I'm lovingthe game.  It's a great change of pace from more ""gun based"" games like Rust or H1Z1.  The scenery is amazing.  My friends and I spent a couple of hours just going around the map just sight seeing.  It's obvious that the map designers and artists took a lot of time creating a beatiful and interesting world.I love the PvE aspects of the game.  These kind of games are a lot more fun when there is more to do than just fight against other the players.  The AI could probably use some work, but the creatures are already fairly challenging, especially when you get caught in a pack of them.As I write this, the game has only been in early access for less than a week.  The development team has already released several significant patches to address issues.  I know they have a lot of work ahead of them, but I think this game is just going to get better as time goes on."
,Recommended,440900,29929572,Posted: 14 February,all,ouroboros,"Was a bit surprised to see it marked as ""mixed"". Granted, there are still some bugs, but the developers have been doing great job fixing them, constantly releasing patches and updates.The game is extremely fun to play even in its present state, especially if you're into PvP. That said, I do see how PvE content can get quite repetitive after a while."
,Recommended,440900,29957575,Posted: 16 February,all,Moon,"Game has great potential, i love the amount of ennemys and how dangerous they are, Can not wait for more updates to come in so i can Give it a real review of its content."
76561198118456826,Recommended,440900,29957960,Posted: 16 February,all,Fauxy,"This is how early access should be. Full of bugs and instability, as well as a lack of content, but with constant updates. These developers are actually building a good game, unlike Ark and Rust, who have stagnated with no vision to get out of early access. If you don't want to pay to test a game before its release, don't get any early access game. If you want to play an excellent game in development, this is probably the best one out there at the moment."
76561197968739078,Recommended,440900,29958750,Posted: 16 February,all,cyberPhunk,So far best early access I've been a  part of. Minus all the servers I build on getting wipes or abandoned. My fault for going hog-wild with my castles and fortresses.
76561198063032506,Recommended,440900,29929019,Posted: 14 February,all,binson12,"Hello everyone, I come to you today hoping to write a review that is both biased, yet informative though I will throw some of my own feelings into the mix and will try and keep it short. I hope you all enjoy!TLDR;Great potential, still flawed, lots of fun, If you dont pick up early access at least keep it on your radar for full release!So I want to just throw this out there, I am not a big fan of the whole ""Early Access"" thing, dont get me wrong there are a few times where I have supported them (This being the obvious case). I played maybe 20 hours of Ark back when the game was released, couldnt really get into it for the most part, I had a big minecraft phase and also play a lot of other games that are similar so survival/crafting games aren't new to me.I always had Conan Exiles on my radar but wasnt sure if I wanted to pick it up ($40CAD for early access NFW), there was a patched version of it that they unfortunately forgot to put their Denuvo antipiracy in, I will admit I instantly downloaded it and fell in love with the concept. After doing some research into the game and finding out that upon release the Dev's are patching it almost daily, now I know what your thinking ""Oh but Binson, they are always small patches!"" and yes, you may be right. However to me this shows that the Dev's want this game to be 100% on release but they also want to make sure they are resolving issues in the early access and they go back and forth with the information instead of just putting out a couple patches of an early access or demo, fixing those bugs and then your all good! In most cases, this does not work... EVERYONE who knows anything about how computers (Hardware & Software) when 1 thing stops working and gets fixed 10 other problems surface, anyways enough about that.This game looks ok, the enviroment and atmosphere itself is beautiful but the textures are still choppy (Expected, Early access) it is still pretty buggy and is not optomized very well at all unfortunatelly so there is a lot of ""screen tearing"" and drops in frame rate regardless of how powerfull your machine is, though I find its only really bad in areas you havent been to yet, They have a stat system which I enjoy (STR,AGI,STM,ect.) and their crafting system at the start is fairly easy to use, once you get into the blacksmithing and forging some things can get confusing but you will eventually get the hang of it.All in all I think this game has started off on a fantastic platform, it does need a lot of improvement but the Dev team is working tirelessly working on bug fixes. As my final opinion, as much as I love this game and the fact im still giving it a ""thumb up"" I would wait, at least keep it on your wishlist, follow the patch notes but as it stands right now DEFINITELY PURCHASE FULL RELEASE!"
,Recommended,440900,29929437,Posted: 14 February,all,Colonel187,"I have to compare this game to Ark Servival Evolved, If you liked Ark then you will love this game. This game adds everything that Ark was missing; Story, reasons to explore, NPC's to fight, Better Inventory, etc. Don't be turned off by the MIXED review status as most of those bad reviews are people who can't read and don't understand this is an early access game. This game is buggy as hell but it's not unplayable. I can see awesome things happening during the next year or two that will make this game #1 in the servival genre."
,Recommended,440900,29995379,Posted: 17 February,all,Satan Is Real,you can have a slave empire and business 10/10
76561198037113600,Recommended,440900,30313154,Posted: 4 March,all,slicketyrickety,awesome survival game.
76561198012821328,Recommended,440900,30366069,Posted: 6 March,all,The Unfettered,"As a solo player, I'm of the opinion that this game has tremendous potential. I struggled getting into games like Rust because multiplayer is so unforgiving and I'm so lacking in skill, and I had problems with similar survival games that claimed to have robust single player because either they were barren without other players, they limted my options, or they were so absurdly difficult right from the start that I could never get off the ground.I'm happy to say Conan Exiles feels like none of these. The early curve is challenging but absolutely surmountable, and there are enough NPCs even out in the wasteland I started out in to make me feel like I'm not the only being in the world. I haven't even gotten to civilization yet and it already feels more populated than single player competitors' games.For the record, I have pretty much zero familiarity with the Conan lore, but I've still found myself settling in comfortably rather quickly. In fact, at the rate it's going, it may introduce me to a new mythos I end up really enjoying.Strong recommendation. If the game is this fun this early in development, I can only imagine how engaging it'll be down the road. (Side note: If you're like me and you lack a hardcore gaming rig, you're in luck: Conan Exiles has very scalable graphics and still looks ""pretty enough"" on low settings that my GT 730 runs it perfectly acceptably.)"
76561198013042164,Recommended,440900,29880996,Posted: 12 February,all,Xedds Ded,"Has a lot of potential, but man is it in rough shape. Server stabilty is bad. The crafting system makes sense and easy to follow, but some items (steel/iron reinforcements) and NPC (Thrall) creation, are just brutally long to create. At the point of really not even worth trying to make these items or Thralls. No one in their right mind has the time in their lives to achieve these goals in game. It took me 12 hours, with out a thrall to make 25 iron reinforcements. Really? Holy♥♥♥♥♥crackers man. It's even longer for the steel ones. The Thralls are NPC exiles you capture using a Trugeon and rope to bring back to your wheel of pain to be broken into a Thrall.  You have to feed them gruel to help the process. Side effect: If you log out, the timer stop and resets the process. Awesome! Now if you remain in game to let the Exile cook a bit it may take at least 8-10 hours. Now each exile, depending on race and skill. Will depend on what Thrall you get. So now you have to find more exile NPC's to match the skill you need them for. So in essence this is gonna be a long...long...long process. Now Thrall overseers help speed this up but good luck finding one. Since they are rare. Some players know the spawn points for these guys so you can ask in commhub and find out where to get you one. Note: You're probably gonna need friends. The journey will kill you if you don't bring back up. The NPC camps for the higher quality NPC's are not light weights. I made my place in the Single player/ co-op. and even in Demi God mode It's a tad tough even though you don't get hurt, it's hard to knock out a potential exile when you have million arrows, sword, pikes, etc. Stabbing you and disrupting the process. So tread carefully, and definately don't YOLO into an area without, checking it out from afar first. Hopefully alot of these issues get handled by the devs to make a bit more tollerable."
,Recommended,440900,29735646,Posted: 5 February,all,[MEDIC] Bomjus,it's fun as hell with friends. the progression is addicting. it will get better.EDIT: i lied
,Recommended,440900,29752157,Posted: 6 February,all,Lenric,Excellent atmosphere and promising game play.
,Recommended,440900,34374111,Posted: 20 August,all,Harold Godwinson,"It's good. If you don't mind it being a bit buggy, it's a decent survival game with some interesting mechanics. It is early access after all. None of the bugs I've seen so far are game breaking. As of writing this review over 10,000 people are playing this, many of whom have probably written negative reviews, but continue to play even after. They're still having fun with it. Don't let some these harsher reviews give you the wrong impression. Also, some of the criticism is outdated given the continual updates. Speaking of which, the dev team is great and they're very attentive to player feedback. It will only get better from here."
,Recommended,440900,29620525,Posted: 31 January,all,Phrostbyte21,"I'm hopefull. Very hopefull. Pretty buggy right now, but hopefully Fun Com can pull through and finish this thing. I'm excited for it."
,Recommended,440900,29620086,Posted: 31 January,all,chakaboom,"I have not tried this game on a server yet but created a single play host and it runs like a champ! Much better than Ark. I don't have time to play with others and I wanted a hardore survival game I can enjoy single player when I have the time to play a game and this fits the bill. I recommend this game if you are looking for a good single player survival builder.Another note about this game, when you create the host yourself you have a lot a scalability and you can change it on the fly without logging off! Way to go for an early access. They have a done a great job for early access."
76561198045858381,Recommended,440900,29680463,Posted: 3 February,all,Jeff The Killer,Boob silder- CheckSpiders- CheckSummon gods to destory everything- CheckGood fps- checkSexy smiles-uncheckOverall- Good Game! Has tons of potentials! Keep it up and don't mess it up like other early access games!Btw...Smile :)
,Recommended,440900,29639127,Posted: 1 February,all,Shiro Tenchi,"I have had little trouble so far since launch, but I know many others have had some problems.  I only have about 11 hours of game time in so far, but it has been really fun!"
,Recommended,440900,29639218,Posted: 1 February,all,Paarthurnax,Great game. Have been looking for a hand to hand combat pvp game for awhile now. Its only early access and they have only been deveolping the game for 11 months so thats a really great start. Horrible lag and not being able to get into servers is expected in just released early access games though. Kudos to you funcom. Great game will play this from now on.
76561198140426797,Recommended,440900,29695097,Posted: 4 February,all,hehexd12345678909,i thin it cool
76561198127289449,Recommended,440900,29620116,Posted: 31 January,all,Winterheart,"I have put in 12 hours into Conan Exiles to this point.  Overall, I am pleased with the game so far.  It is rough around the edges but that is to be expected in an early access game.  But I will break down into the PRos and Cons:Pros:-Crafting system is easy to use and intuitive-Overall look of game is spot on for me.  It is desolate and forbidding.-Overall character design looks good at this point.   The breast and endowment sliders provide some amusement during character creation.-Building is time consuming but easy to manipulate.   It is basic (a good trait, yet bad).-Seperate PVP and PVE servers allowing folks to play according to their preference.Cons ( this is more a list of things that I think would make the game better, in my opinion)- Limited to global, local and guild chats.  Would be nice to have private emssaging between players available as game moves on.- A little finer controls when building.  I like that it is basic, but being able to raise up foundation when placing, for example, would be cool-  Battle system is basic, but is pretty standard MMO fair, figure that will be improved as game developes.-  Server system is a bit frustrating.  I put in 10 hours ona  server, too a couple hour break and then came back to ahving server not even listed.  Is it down?  Is it full?  I have no clue and I am faced with playing single player or starting over on a new server and possibly faced with it being unavaible the next time iw ant to get on it.  That leads to frustration.  Starting over again and again doesn't let a person experience all the game can offer.  This is probably my biggest and true complaint.-  there are some graphical rough spots, but again, i figure that will be improved as game moves forward, so not really a complaint.Overall I give it 3 our of 4 stars and well worth playing even in early access.  I am looking forward to improvements in the game and playing it with my friends."
76561198236621146,Recommended,440900,29623327,Posted: 1 February,all,Niko,"I give positive review, but this game needs a lot of work. So many bugs, chrashes. Needs a lot of optimatizations..Im not playing it.. i just cant.Good work for an idea and hope in future gets much better."
,Recommended,440900,29996354,Posted: 17 February,all,Ysil69,"***This review is written from a private server perspective. I have not played on the public servers, and probably never will. I don't know anything about the problems with the public servers. I also do not PVP***Alright. To start his review off short and sweet. This game is good. Updates are regular, fixes come in pretty fast. That being said THIS IS STILL EARLY ACCESS. If you don't know what that means, go here. There will be bugs. If you can't handle crashes, server wipes, losing items, losing progress, then this game isn't for you. No early access game is.http://store.steampowered.com/earlyaccessfaq/It has bugs. Lots of them. The building is actually quite smooth and works very well. The graphics are also fairly nice, but the animations need work. NPC pathing and AI are pretty much alpha AI. They're on the docket. The company has said they are going to be upgrading them in the future. This can make pve combat somewhat... well I don't want to say boring because it's still scary, but less active and more hack and slash. There's not a lot of reason to use anything beyond a sword. Pike's have range, but the AI just closes the range and starts wacking at you, there's not really any pushback system. This kind of ai/combat restraints make it more of a spam attack game at the moment.Building. Like I said before, it's very well done. I've yet to encounter a problem building a structure. I wish there was 90 degree triangles, but the triangle system they have can make some cool designs, even if they are a little tricky to get used to.Gathering is pretty straight forward. You hit a node with a certain tool and you get resources. The amount of resources depends on the tier of the tool. On private servers you can increase or decrease the amount of resources people get. You can also do this with xp, mob health, mob dmg, minion health, minion dmg etc. That's one of the greatest selling points about this game. Private servers have a HUGE amount of power right from the slider menu.The Thrall portion of the game is probably one of the things that interest me the most. It's also one of the buggiest right now. Thralls seem to disappear if left on regular ground. Or if they're floating a bit, or for some other reasons. But it's also one of the funnest. Running off to an enemy NPC camp to ""tonk"" someone is about as fun as it gets. Murder the camp, tonk the person you want to take with you, cook some gruel for them, and bam. After about an hour to three, depending on the rank, you have a new best friend! The placing of these thralls is like an item, and they'll react to incoming dangers or work your resources for you. Right now they're glitchy. And their Ai makes them more of a turret than actual NPC's in your village. But *hopefully* with later patches we get a solid AI, that lets you build a thriving town or settlement with npcs actually interacting with stuff.The devs have also been very keen about involving the community. There's already been a variety of changes based on user opinion. That's the biggest reason to get in right now, if you like the direction this game is heading. If you don't really care about input, and just want to play the finished game, wait. I'm sure it will still be in early access this time next year, so wait and see where the games at then.Pros: - Game runs fine on a private server. Still a little laggy at times though.- Building is in working order. Can build some pretty cool stuff.- Thrall system is cool if not buggy.- Random NPC camps and monster make the came more PvE focused than most others. Good if you're playing coop.- Base game ideas are very cool. Where they talk about taking the game also sounds very cool. You can watch their                  streams to gauge for yourself.- Makes you feel very afraid at times. Survival aspect is spot on.- Most of the difficulty and progress is in your admins hands.- Full of neat Conan loreCons: - NPC AI is poor. Most things can be two-manned pretty easily. The mobs will just spam attack too. There's no variety. To be fixed in the future.- Some people still have troubles joining servers. Maybe user error, may be game errors.- The customization in game is limited. Only three armor sets and the moment, but there are some clothing sets from the different religions. More clothes/armor incoming in future updates.- There's bugs. Not a lot of game breaking ones, but they can still get annoying.- I read about a lot of pvp imbalances. Not surprising in early access. Or in pvp.- I personally find some parts to be too easy. Waters plentiful, food can be grabbed from bushes. But again, the amount of food and water decay you have can be edited in the settings. Most mobs can't catch you as you sprint away, minus hyenas and spiders. I've been asking for varied animal attacks to help with this. Hopefully it comes true.That's about it. Right now I'd give it a solid 8/10 for the price point. Will definitely continue to play, and maybe in a few months I'll update this review."
76561198052567319,Recommended,440900,29639176,Posted: 1 February,all,Camael,mild day one bugs but so far i love this game cant wait to see it devolpe more
76561198049934592,Recommended,440900,29618310,Posted: 31 January,all,Spacehamster,"Not much of a review atm, but because of all the negative server related reviews, I'd like to add my positive one:No server problems if you play solo/local. I hope the online server problems get fixed soon so everyone can enjoy the game!"
,Recommended,440900,29641129,Posted: 1 February,all,slagmelt,Interesting game.  Love the brutality!  If I can get some buddies to play I can see myself playing the crap out of this one.
76561198027614510,Recommended,440900,29641039,Posted: 1 February,all,pubgfan,Game has potential for sure. The hardest boss in game atm is the rubber band king. No matter what you do. The rubber band king will teleport u back to hell. I know this is early access so i wont stress about bugs and other b.s. just found it funny how bad the rubber band was hehehhehehe.
,Recommended,440900,29685002,Posted: 3 February,all,PeeBankOppa,Very good game !Balance but need to fix some specs and load join server and lost connecting.
76561197981048119,Recommended,440900,29639148,Posted: 1 February,all,Evilfr3ud,"Its early access, it has some bugs, but its fun. It looks great, and feature wise it allready beats rust and ark out of the box. Cant wait for the game to grow and expand!"
,Recommended,440900,29619785,Posted: 31 January,all,masonbxd,So funny feels alpha slightly but fun XD
76561198260340268,Recommended,440900,30149116,Posted: 24 February,all,Rekt,really good game its a game that can turn out to be very fun and rewarding on release. so far there on the right track.
76561198129620376,Recommended,440900,30140589,Posted: 24 February,all,Disapoint,"It is a really good game, it has a lot of bugs, yea, but the building part is what makes it for me.IF you are the type of person who just can not play at below 40 FPS, im afraid you will have to pass on this game.Get about 30 - 40 FPS on :r9 380xi5 459016 gb ddr3 ramIf you can live with that, enjoy building then !"
,Recommended,440900,30149991,Posted: 24 February,all,᠋,"As someone with almost 5,000 hours on ARK survival evolved, and the way devolpment has been getting shoddy over there i was looking for a safe haven a place i could call home. I came to find conan at first i was scared that it wouldn't be any good and with funcoms terrible name behind it ( Age of conan ) i was slightly put off.Well i took the bait i bought the game first four hours was looking for a server, there was no offcial servers up so i gave it a few days and bam the devs put servers up and were pushing patchs, to my amazement i have 30+ hours and counting and this game has filled the void i missd on ark the old golden days, i am enjoying myself again i love playing this with my friend we run a 2 man clan, and we are doing caving and more! This game is amazing i am so glad i did not pass up on this game, it has amazed me and rewarded me with my time put in i am not upset with using 30+ hours i have allredy managed to get my hours and time worth. Official server rates are not punishing and it feels like i can go and do things without having to worry about gathering all day long, with that said i gather in the morning and later in the day i go have fun we explore the map go caving theres a story line and tbh i am absolutely happy with the combat it feels as if skyrim and ark had a baby and it came out amazing. I would rate this currently 9/10 Game runs with 60 FPS and very little lag, The devs have also promised taming and more and content is pushd almost every day! I am aboslutely happy with this game so far, and i am currently saving money to buy my girlfriend a copy of this game so she can join me and all her friends.Will be editing this as time goes on, and later today with correct format."
76561197992309054,Recommended,440900,30152079,Posted: 24 February,all,Mortibus,"Awsome game. Can't wait untill it's complete.New patches all the time.Devs definatly doing a good job, Keep it up.I do recomend if you like to try and survive in the world of Conan."
,Recommended,440900,29834609,Posted: 10 February,all,FadoBagi,"One of the best early access games ever made! Creative and relaxing game, each euro worth!Keep making updates and making the game more fun and fun."
,Recommended,440900,29624925,Posted: 1 February,all,Lexxy,"Wiled the evening away with my guildies on a private server. AMAZING! This game was a whole lot of fun, though there were some small draw backs.  At first logging in was a real witch, and all of us had to work at getting on the server. However, I will say after a few very quickly deployed updates from the folks at Funcom this problem seemed lessened.  There are as other have mentioned a few animation hitches.  Also for whatever reason momentary freezes when getting near water.  Some ruberbanding issues were had as well.All of that aside this is very well polished early access game!  With as quickly as they updated the server issues I feel confdient the quibbles I mentioned will be addressed.The Good:Lovely GraphicsBeautiful musicFun craftingLots intersting critters!Small animation detals like the spin when you draw a tool or weaponThe Bad:RubberbandingWater lagSome log in issuesThe Needs improvment:Combat feels a little bland (Not bad just..a touch hohum)I think they could stand to ease up on the flexy effects, some things *coughcough, points down below* don't have enough weight, including as well some the fabrics seem too floppy.And my chick sounds like a dude when I jump...that's odd.All things considered, a great start to game I believe my friends and I will be sending a great deal of time in. Can't wait to see more things added!"
,Recommended,440900,29625842,Posted: 1 February,all,jebaited,Found an ancient city. Discovered an ancient ghost npc that told me to uncover the ruins of his lost civilization. Ran away. Gets killed by a tribe of angry naked voodoo men.10/10 game.
76561197980618325,Recommended,440900,34353436,Posted: 19 August,all,Kinesias,"About this Review:  I'm playing using a mid-range PC on a private server my friends and I set up.  We're focusing on PvE.  And I absolutely refuse to give a free pass to a game I've paid real money for merely because it calls itself an ""early access"" product.My friends and I are having a lot of fun with this addictive game.  We've set most of the server settings with an eye to maximize the brutality of the world.  Even so, the sense of progress is palpable.  Skill and recipe points come rapidly enough that you won't feel like you're stagnating.  But they are limited enough to encourage teamwork; one level 20 player can probably learn to make all of the second-tier armors, at least one second-tier weapons, and all of the necessary building components.  But two level 14 players who diversify and specialize in either weapons or armor can work together to accomplish the same thing and still have points left over.  Once you're kitted out, exploration feels very rewarding.  There are encampments to sack, tombs to raid, and caves to spelunk.The game still has more than its fair share of flaws.  Each of us has had at least a couple of crashes-to-desktop (which sometimes is super aggravating because it takes the server a few seconds to realize you're not there anymore--sometimes, your unattended character will pick a random direction and run off a cliff or swim out into the middle of a river and drown).  Each of us has, on at least one occassion, lost all of the landmarks we'd discovered on our maps.  And certain mechanics are explained very, very poorly in game.  Even if, like me, you try to avoid online user guides so that you can discover the game for yourself, you'll find yourself looking something up at least once.I also can understand why people would find the PvP frustrating.  Although a lot of the siege mechanics seem like they'd be interesting in the absract, in practice, I imagine that the key to victory probably would be simply waiting for your adversary to log off for the night so you can take all of his stuff while he's asleep.  Unless you're a griefer, I am not sure how that could possibly be fun either for the taker or the takee.Nevertheless, I recommend the game.  The developer updates the client frequenlty enough that I retain some faith that the flaws and exploits will be fixed.  Make sure you get a copy for your best friend."
,Recommended,440900,29624843,Posted: 1 February,all,Spiderjam,So far so good bit of glitching here and there but it is early access this is the second day of playing and funcom have already fixed a few major and minor issues which is good to see that they are quickly patching problems that the community is having. Would definatly recommend :)
76561198174090747,Recommended,440900,29626218,Posted: 1 February,all,Hermes,"Game great with friends, alone not so much.  There is more than they show in the trailers.  Caves hidden areas it's great.  Some places you can go unless you have help don't care if your max lev. or not.  I don't think you should buy the package because it's all e-comics/books.  No hard copies.  The only thing that comes in the mail is the T-shirt and you have to wait until March to find out how much longer you need to wait for it.  But if you are a hardcore fan of Conan this worth it totally."
76561198096413268,Recommended,440900,34377105,Posted: 20 August,all,Shamkiing,"Addicting, great game at a more than fair price with free DLC. Good combat and they are continuously making improvements as of late which is excellent. Here is a breakdown of my pro's and con's. I'm sure I have more, but these are off the top of my head. *EDIT* I just wrote review and logged in and found that this game is actually making me pretty mad. I still recommend this game, but also recommend Devs work on these issues asap before they lose more people.PROS:-Steady updates and changes that show they are listening to community,-great combat and decapatations(options to dodge, roll, block n different directions with mouse),-Building  has a lot of freedom which is tons of fun (Shift and mouse wheel will lower and raise platforms when placing).  -Fishing is great for gathering easy to obtain food and exotic fish.-climbing/scaling buildingsCONS:-Constant crashiing, walking through walls/stairs/sinking through or on platforms,-animals and thralls freeze sometime and do not respond.- Tamed Thralls sometimes end up having no weapon and will run at an enemy but not attack.- You spend a ton of time building(gathering) jus tto log in and as you log in a part of your house crumbles for no reason!-constantly having issues with floating or getting stuck walking on top of your platforms causing you to look like you're crouching.-whenever you get a crash you end up floating through walls/floors/every damn thing(not completely but you'll know if it's happened to you).SUGGESTIONS:-@DEVS-if they read this stuff which they should constantly, fix these existing issues. I know you're slowly working on them but constant crashing, floating through object, your building falling apart upon load in..these are major issues.-Allow for more freedom of thralls (i.e. giving armor/weapons/leveling them up through pain wheel).- Have a short tutorial in beginning of game on building and basics (similar to 7daystodie) that way people will know these things (like lowering/raising platforms with shift+mouse wheel)"
76561198344442944,Recommended,440900,34376840,Posted: 20 August,all,Inspector Clit,I dont know why theres so many negative reviews its a good game and a lot better than Ark great fun with your friends.
76561198280419577,Recommended,440900,29751719,Posted: 6 February,all,Siobhalla,"This game is very engaging.  If you pick the full nude option, be warned, dont let your kids in the room lol.  I think the game is off to a great start. Looks beautiful.  Needs a bit of balancing and some clan features need to be worked out.  Do not join a clan unless you plan on staying with them at this point.  The clan will get ownership of everything you built and you wont get it back on leaving.  The crafting is fun.  Spend your points wisely.  It's very addictive."
,Recommended,440900,29751837,Posted: 6 February,all,Theinkern,Great game. Unique survival game. Lore and history with a fun leveling system. THe combat could get better but it is still good regardless and I know they are working hard. Every day there is a patch and they are fixing stuff constantly. I don't get any lag really at all or rubberbanding. Few desynchs every once in a while but only for a split sec. Building is awesome and the thrall system is very fun and unique. Religion is a nice touch and can't wait for sorcery to be added.
76561198078995548,Recommended,440900,29721400,Posted: 5 February,all,Darth Popcorn,"Alright, everyone. This is an Early Access game that does have it's fair share of problems. Pretty consistent lag and game bugs. With that said, if you can get past that, it is a very enjoyable game, and with updates coming out twice a day, I'm sure the bugginess will get fixed fairly quickly.Plus, who doesn't like a bunch of nude people running around getting eaten by little Peter Dinklage creatures and giant turtle things."
76561197970612149,Recommended,440900,29808935,Posted: 9 February,all,Flying Snake Dog IPA,Great potential. Active devs. Beautiful graphics.My first survival game and I will stick to it. Looking forward to what is to come.
76561198117345293,Not Recommended,440900,31511150,Posted: 2 May,all,sa0836561663,Not terribly impressed. Basically minecraft with better graphics but less fun.
76561198103918060,Not Recommended,440900,31552497,Posted: 4 May,all,PlayerOne,"I love this game, but honestly I regret paying for it while it is in alpha. All servers are full with chinese cheaters who glitch trough walls and destroy and steal everything you have worked for, they are using hacks and exploits and they just ruin the game for everybody! Also it has huge bugs that make it unplayable. Almost 3 out of 5 times when you go swimming you keep swimming on shore and you almost drawn, I even drawned a few time while on shore with important itmes on me....and the worst part is tht your dead body is not even near the location you where swimming in. I honestly recommend this game but don't pay for it while it is in alpha!!"
,Not Recommended,440900,31610769,Posted: 7 May,all,SH0CK3R,"I truely want to love this game and really hope it blossoms into a good game. However, it is a long ways off at the moment. Here is my Early Access review in hopes that this game will someday grow into a great game.Pro-1. Character models are visually appealing and well thought out.2. The world is large and the plans of new biomes will add to this great world.3. Building is fun. Sometimes placing things just wont work and the options for foundations and stuff are lacking. But I still enjoyed building.4. The devolopers are active and fixing exploits (slowly) and adding more content (even slower) but they still appear to be working towards the goal of a finished product.Cons-1. Combat is uninspired. I just don't get that epic rush it should be. There is no strategy besides run up to you opponent and spam attack. He who has the most players online wins.2. The servers are empty and the player base is really low.3. Griefing is pretty easy with no protection. I understand EA games and Sandbox games. However, a clan or even a single player can essentially wall off a whole server in a few hours. Glitchers and Exploiters run rampant on official servers(There are no Admins) and it appears to be without bans.4. The forums are moderated with heavy handed moderators. If you post anything negitive about the game the post is deleted. In my first review of Conan Exiles Jens Erik one of the Developers said they are softening up their Steam Forum Moderators. Which is a good thing but most of the damage is already done.5. One of the biggest Con's for me is that: Yes, They are adding content to the game. It is just not meaningfull content. They add decorations, Dyes, Emotes etc. But, after 5 months what do we have that has some substance; A (20min) dungon, catapults, and traps. Funcom should be focused on not adding content untill they are happy with the balance and playability of what they currently have.I can not recommend this game untill Funcom desides to fix all the hacking, exploits (to be fair they are working on them), and the feel of combat. Save the fluff for the end."
76561197999073328,Recommended,440900,30189572,Posted: 26 February,all,Khorosho,"the arrow drop off kind of killed it for me, not a fan of the combat. game's pretty chill, don't buy it on a whim, though. i would give it more of a thumbs middle if that were an option."
,Recommended,440900,29802709,Posted: 9 February,all,Williepicket,It wasn't a completed game but its early access what do u expect?
76561197982497233,Not Recommended,440900,29638724,Posted: 1 February,all,Mr.X,"I had high hopes for this game.The lag, various bugs, are all forgivable especially considering how early in the alpha this is.The combat ""mechanics"" however have killed this game for me as its literally just spamming left clicks to hack stuff like its original diablo or something.  Even with a shield equipped its just so clunkly and repetitive that there is no joy from pvp or pve."
76561198026488458,Recommended,440900,29772391,Posted: 7 February,all,Amara Elpis,"After playing this for a little while, I have fallen in love with this game. It runs far better than Ark. I don't have to turn my settings to the BARE MIN. to play it.Watched a woman run at me, and caught an eye-full of♥♥♥♥♥.. so, that was fun.There are still some issues, but it's Early Access, and the team has been on top of that sh!t. <3 (Thank you.)The only thing that sucks at the moment is the GODDAMNED TETHER to the server creator.  It's TOO SHORT. XDIt can be funny at times; gathering for about 100ft. from your friend, then slowly being pulled away from your rock as THEY run off to attack something.It can also be annoying; you're crafting in your new sandstone home and slowly get pulled into a wall, because your friend needed to get supplies...However, if you think about the ""you against the world"" setting, it makes more sense that you'd stay close together to better your odds of survival.Overall, I would highly recommend this game to anyone who is looking for a open world survival game to play with their friends.It's only going to get better with how hard the team has been working."
,Recommended,440900,29639416,Posted: 1 February,all,Vent3r,"Ark + Rust = Conan exilesIts a good thing Conan exiles takes everything that makes Ark and rust fun and does small but very welcomed quality of life improvements thats not present in ark or rust, the optimatizion is good , solid combat and building, good varant of monsters and animals,Servers can rubber band but its being fixed and is probably after you read this review. For a EA launch its one of the better launches.This gory, hard and beautiful game will keep you busy for hours to come, especially for the RPrs."
76561198015213621,Recommended,440900,29768519,Posted: 7 February,all,Edgy Norwegian,"Pretty cool. really want to play this game, but if you have arachnafobia just ♥♥♥♥ this game! I have a huge fobia of spiders and after the first encounter I screamed so my neighboors think I'ma 39 year old women, I broke my new lamp, I got chills all down my spine, I cant sleep, I cant eat, I cant work... tried calling funcom to ask if they could have an option in the settings to turn them of or just make them into something else but got no answer.survival game? yes pretty much because now I'm a survivor of a heart attack!awesome game, but if you hate spiders ♥♥♥♥ it... you'll spend more money on a therapist to get you throu the nightmares and flashbacks....sorry for bad english"
76561197991067959,Recommended,440900,29833183,Posted: 10 February,all,ady187,Accept the problems and enjoy the alpha experience?? 30hrs played in 1 week!! I think i've had £27.00 worth of fun already. Keep up the Awesome work Devs!! I look forward to the future of this game...
76561198132333027,Recommended,440900,29901108,Posted: 13 February,all,ItsEasyMkay,"By Crom, I like this game. Although in Early Access with both major and minor bugs spread throughout the code; with unbalanced and unrefined combat system, quite some issues with collision during building and moving throughout the map - espescially building up along surfaces and with trees growing wild inside your base and buildings sometimes - and a lot of placeholders and locations that appear to become available later in the process, this is still one solid piece of groundwork for something that appears to have an enourmous potential to end up as something pretty amazing. It really looks quite great already, and if Funcom manages to get even half way to the amount of lore and background story as their other MMO The Secret World has today for immersion, i think people could be in for a treat. Considering the state of the game today compared to the day of launch, i hope it will only be a matter of weeks until the busiest bugs have been sanitized and the game is enjoyable for most online now that the server provider is upgraded and they are optimizing base functions of the game keeping lag in mind. Up until now I've mainly been testing out different functions in single and co-op, but I've been through some online servers, and if you want more control over the stability one way is to create one yourself and remember to keep it updated. But I've got to say! Even now it's possible to build some pretty amazing bases (as long as the gardener is out and about every now and then)! And if Funcom listens to the gamers all along the process like they have with the exiles up until now (and like they have with the TSW community), I don't really see how this could go wrong. The Clan function is clever and the Thrall system is intriguing, but like most of the game at this point in the process, it is in need of some adjustments and refining. So if you love survival/crafting games and you can bare some kinks along the way every now and then and want to contribute to supporting Funcom along the road or reporting bugs to make the process faster, I don't see why not trying it to make up your own mind. The refund button exists if you change your mind fast enough. Good luck out there, exile!"
76561198089841216,Recommended,440900,29926030,Posted: 14 February,all,Aiidoneus the Cannibal,<3 boobs
76561198162017211,Recommended,440900,29786706,Posted: 8 February,all,Daneyko   ( KiTTy ),love it kinda like reign of kings.
76561198001631970,Recommended,440900,29770341,Posted: 7 February,all,Nosoupforu7,"Love it, hiccups and all."
76561198069715200,Recommended,440900,29816411,Posted: 9 February,all,FUBAR,i would recomend this game if you like other base builders but wish they had dungens
,Recommended,440900,29826391,Posted: 10 February,all,Terrene,"Alright, So I have purchased myself, Conan Exiles (not the barbarian edition though) There are what seems to be DAILY updates to this game at the moment, which is a double edged sword. Servers have to update themselves once the update is out, which can take a few minutes. There is a bit of Latency Issues with the game, but nothing too horrific at the moment. I have a GTX 970 ACX SSC 2.0+ 4Gb DDR5, 16Gb DDR 3 System RAM, and an 15-4440. I  get on about average 42 - 49 FPS. This game can be a bit of a grind if a server has 1* XP 1* Gathering and Base Crafting Speed. I will say that this game, like many, is absolutely 1000 times better with friends. The game seems really balanced in the tiers of weapony, armor, and crafting. If you have a Teir 3 (highest tier) Base, they will need Explosives to raid your base. Also beware the many dangers in the game. EVERYTHING IS TRYING TO KILL YOU. It's why I like to refer to the game as ""Australia Simulator.  There is Full Blown Nudity, Parital, and no nudity as settings options for you, you create a character when you start the game, and there is a bit of a learning curve. This game is rather enjoyable, and if you have friends that play on it, it's a great way to spend some down time. It's probably one of the best early access games that I have played. (The worst probably being Savage Lands due to its inital lack of content and clunkiness at launch, and the fact that it's still clunky a year or so later. However these are two very differently sized dev teams.) So should you buy this game? I'm 50/50 on it. I wouldn't, in all honesty, if you don't have friends to play with. Due to the fact that it can get boring going out to mine iron or stone, end on end, by yourself. If you do have some friends who have it and like it, then yeah I would totally get this game if you have the budget for this game. It's not an absolute MUST HAVE of the  year though. If Crafting-Survival games is not your forté, then I would steer clear of this. IT IS ANOTHER CRAFTING SURVIVAL GAME!"
76561198051814793,Recommended,440900,30484432,Posted: 12 March,all,Airborne415,"Great Start, especially if you love Conan.  Playable now, bit of bugs and not a ton of content, but still enjoyable.  Updates planned look awesome especially the purge where, unlike other survival games where everyone just kills each other, players will have to team up against waves of npcs.  definitely worth the 30 dollars if you like survival games, and being out for just a little over a month, this game is great and a lot better off than most survival games were at this point."
,Recommended,440900,30065612,Posted: 20 February,all,SuckMyChode,cool game
,Recommended,440900,29894837,Posted: 13 February,all,Fred Williamson,"games really fun, if you remember Age of Conan the MMO from 2006; by FUNCOM, you will enjoy this game"
,Recommended,440900,29786387,Posted: 8 February,all,NolandC,"Connan Exiles may have had one of the worst launches of any game I have played ever! But It is also the best survival game I have played. It takes and executes some of the best aspects of the other survival games, such as the ability to knock out and drag home your enemies to keep/use them as your slave. Hopefully they make it so you can do as such to real players in the future.Cons: The lag."
76561198006702213,Recommended,440900,29945474,Posted: 15 February,all,<Phobos>,Its only early access but this game is really good !
76561198149688508,Recommended,440900,29695295,Posted: 4 February,all,Puppetface,"Currently only like 4.2 hours in.so far i don't have much to complain about, My main gripe with the game so far is common early access stuff, my friends having trouble not crashing while playing it, Servers being lag fest or going down every 2 hours due to a crash, silly early access bugs like the croc you're attack suddenly teleporting next to you. i have faith in what i've seen so far that the devs will correct the vast majority of them, and likely all the game breaking ones.Pros:- Alot of mindless grinds are nonexistant, alot, not all of them.- Combat is pretty awesome, it's blocking with shields and striking and side dashing out of the path of arrows as compared to ARK where it's some strange dino hitting you and sending you roughly 20ft in the air everytime you're hit.- alot more RP potential then other games of the same genre, Conan is a fully flushed out world with stories, you're character has options of races and deities, there seems to be even alittle story to follow in-game(still trying to put it together myself, so far have found like several research notes that are read to you fully voice acted).- Devs seem to be pretty aware of things the community is asking for.Cons:- EARLY ACCESS, i know it shouldn't seem like really a con, but it is, You're playing early and getting to give a really detailed explaination to the devs on what you would like to see happen, but it's bug ridden, crash ridden, tons of frusteration will definitely have to be endured before the game hits a really playable state.- Optimaztion of the game is rather low as of the moment, if you're not running some beast of a computer, it's likely just trying to load in will crash you half the time.- Currently with the whole thing going on with the providers for Conan's offical server, finding a decent server now comes down to Private servers or just hosting your own for awhile.(personal problems that aren't actually problems)- I don't like the fact that everyone spawns in roughly at the same spot as of the moment, most people end up settling in the first area which is an oasis type place, it's like entering a server and having to pass by all these really developed players who've been on the server who have very large houses and bases. it's just a poor feeling to me, to get pass this really cool story bit and walking into a dense amount of bases and houses rather then the really cool oasis.- Amount of craftables and cosmetics relevent to RP is rather low as of the moment, would definitely like to see a larger number of that being the dweeb i'am.I would say, if you want to be smart, wait roughly a month or two, it's definitely a good game and if you're someone that loses enjoyment in a game after a few mishaps you might want to wait out the buggy early access.EDIT: 55hours in now, im enjoying the game. i don't have too much of a problem with anything save for the common early access bug. People complain very often about Avatars, and i can see why people are upset. watched a clan off-line raid a huge clan and wipe out their main base in less then 60seconds, nothing survived, no crafting tables, no storage boxes, nothing.it's a two side thing, stay engaged in combat with enemy clans, don't let them build up favor, it's encouragement to battle. it's a really neat feature of the game to basically say ""your clan is weak, and mine is strong"". not to mention how cool it is to see 60ft tall things destory a base within a minute.Butttt it also can be oppressive and bad for the game if people ragequit after having alot of hardwork wiped in a single minute."
,Recommended,440900,30065130,Posted: 20 February,all,BeatsByChris,"Super fun, fast pased"
,Recommended,440900,30196155,Posted: 26 February,all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡,"I first went into this with low expectations. But I was blown away. The game has it's bugs and issues (but every game has them) A lot of content already and the devs seem to be actively updating the game with new mechanics and features. With a couple more months in development, I think we will be looking at the next big survival game. Good Job to the devs!"
,Recommended,440900,29830027,Posted: 10 February,all,Shagbeard,"Find a decent server and settle down, I've played a lot of the most popular survival games in this genre to length and so far this has been the best early access survival game I've played. The theme is perfect and the potential is exceptional. There is a lot of content to get to grips with here so if you're interested I'd give it a go. Of course there is going to be some nasty bugs but the game just came out and every day Funcom patches the game with some new bug fix, personally I've found the game itself rather stable, just an issue with some rubberbanding online and a few glitches with crafting/building but compared to what could have been, totally doable.If I see you out there, you better be sacraficing those hearts to Set or I'll be coming to take yours."
76561198026426674,Recommended,440900,29798136,Posted: 9 February,all,jakechristianson28,"I'm having a ton of fun with it personally. Sure it's not perfect, but if you can find a good server to join and try your best to create a community with the people that are on it there's a lot of value to be found. I'm having the most fun with building at the moment, and as more features are rolled out i'm sure clan wars and such will be tons of fun too. I recommend it!"
76561197961016827,Recommended,440900,29797625,Posted: 9 February,all,Zombie Pacifier,Great game for early access.  Smoothest early access game I think I've ever played.  As long as you don't go into it thinking you're not going to have any issues/bugs to deal with you'll have a great time..... I know I do....
,Recommended,440900,29701238,Posted: 4 February,all,theWocky,This game is the most fun in any crafting / survival game I have ever played. Love it!Puzzled regarding people trying an Early Access game and complaining. I'm running it on 4k and livestreaming and been 99% stable.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ycuHwuvpio
,Recommended,440900,29628353,Posted: 1 February,all,cotch,"Sadly i only played for 35 mins until i decided to seek a refund. I joined a server, the creatures to hunt were flying around super speed and warping. So that could have been a server issue. But from what i experienced the game is a mythological version of Rust with♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥hanging out. Despite the server being populated, i didn't find a person or find any help on what to do when asking, so i can only assume others were thrown into the deep end like me. The 30 mins i played consisted of picking up rocks, dropping rocks, trying to find water and die of thirst. Not my idea of fun but at the very same time, if you love games like Rust, this will definitely be something you should try. I know the games Early Access but it just didnt feel or look like it was anything close to what a game should be to me. I guess my expectations were just higher than a generic open world survival game that floods the steam market.I would recommend this game to people who love this style of game, but it just wasnt for me. I didn't really give it long enough to see the game pan out more than the basics, but it was enough for me to realise it wasnt for me. But one mans trash is another ones treasure. Hopefully when the games more populated, and stable i will give it another go. For that reason i will set my review to would recommend, as to those who enjoy rust etc. You will find something enjoyable about this."
,Recommended,440900,29600379,Posted: 30 January,all,Toma_Hawkk,"Decent survival game, cant hate too much since its EA. Going to review as game is on day 1.Pros-Nice building mechanics-IMO pretty balanced eat/drink system-Night is dark (too quick IMO)-Mimics alot of ARK. Building systems are pretty cloned.-Cant tell difference between NPC and players-NPC enemy actually fight like a real player would-Inventory system good, not to hard or easy to figure outCons-Combat system pretty bland-No sense of story, just drop in a run with it-Servers rubberbanding and LAG like no tomorrow-Monsters too easy to kill, they rarely attack back-Gathering mats too easy, gather rates need to be brought down on official servers-Level system too easy. Kill a few monsters and hit a few rocks and youre already leveled pretty decent.-Tends to the casual crowdOverall good game for day 1 release, something new. If you have the 30 to spend I would buy it. Its only been 1 day and im seeing like its going to rise above most games with what the devs have coming."
76561198010320455,Recommended,440900,29745155,Posted: 6 February,all,fatboy21007,"awsome  game,  its EA has  bugs  and  some issues  but  very  playable,  wish  people  would  stop  buying  EA games  assuming  they are like  release  state.  its  called  EA  for a  reason."
,Recommended,440900,29635193,Posted: 1 February,all,why,You can choose the size of your♥♥♥♥♥♥or♥♥♥♥♥♥ 10/10
,Recommended,440900,30009467,Posted: 18 February,all,Trevelyn,Patches are coming in hot many issues are being addressed.  Everything you can hope for an EA release!
,Recommended,440900,29658835,Posted: 2 February,all,Magpie,Welcome to the desert. Everything wants you dead. Have fun.
76561197993016325,Recommended,440900,29919012,Posted: 14 February,all,hyvZ,Great game with a lot of nudity
,Recommended,440900,29783352,Posted: 8 February,all,Lunar,Currently the Game is a laggy piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥but if they fix that they have potential to make a really good game.
76561197995175587,Recommended,440900,29729418,Posted: 5 February,all,{BHC}Sgt.Reapo,"I'll break the review down in 3 segments, General Gameplay and Lore, Multiplayer Stability, PvP, and final thoughts.General Gameplay and LoreI've always found the world of Conan fasinating and was instantly excited about the possibility of this game. The game has A LOT of interesting things. I spent my first hours of course, leveling and building my base and learning. Doing your standard Survival type stuff that you would normally do. Depending on the server you join, it can be a bit of a grind. Gathering and crafting hardly gives you the XP you need to actually progress in levels to unlock more stuff. That means the only real option is to kill stuff.There are a lot of things to kill too, this is Conan, slaughtering a whole family of shalebacks is to be expected. Everything seems to be properly placed. The shalebacks are nestled in mostly green, oasis type areas with a nearby water source, while you'll find hyena's and spiders on the outskirts of those area. Littered throughout the lands are the NPC Exiles. You'll spot their camps at night from a distance, as their campfires always give away their position, no matter how far. The camps match the amount of NPCs in the group. 2 NPCs and they'll just have a camp fire with a couple of beds. The bigger groups have full blown settlements, with cargo (that you can't interact with, yet) and pallisade walls. Guards around the perimeter as well as archers to back them up.Besides that, exploring the world is probably my favorite. I won't spoil anything, but its definitely a selling point for the game, especially if you enjoy Conan.A lot of the features are under heavy debate on the forums, so I won't go into to much discussion because you can find the information there.Multiplayer StabilityLike most, if not all EA games that feature a survival pvp multiplayer knows, making sure servers work porperly are huge and one of the primary focus' of the devs when a game launches for EA. So like all the games before, CE has problems. Over the past week, Funcom has been addressing the problems as best they can and as quickly. I can live with that. The two biggest issues currently are lag and warping (or rubberbanding if you prefer). Most servers are stable and show little signs of the problems as long as it doesn't go over 20 people. Servers currently require regular restarts to keep things fresh and from what admins tell me, VOIP causes huge packet loss.PvPWith issues with server stability, I haven't really had to many encounters with PvP, I either avoid them or they avoid me as we really just warp around eachother doing some crazy teleportation dance. Raiding does exist, I have raided, I've been raided. Raiding can be very rewarding and a lot of fun. They recently changed the way raiding is down so its harder, so I haven't gotten the opportunity to do anything yet, but I am looking forward to it as I level up. Besides that, weapons are being under heavy scrunity right now by players, making sure everything is balanced.Final thoughtsThe game is a lot of fun. I am a gamer and I spend a lot of time doing it. For a $30 price tag, I've more than got my monies worth. The important thing is Funcom has been communicating with the player base. If a bug or issue arrises that the community posts about, they deal with it in a fashionable manner. Which gives me a lot of hope for the future of the game. If you just wanna play the game because it's conan, your in luck, there are SIngle player and coop (there is tethering in coop) modes to play. The game will also have full mod support. If you are a casual gamer, the game will not be worth $30. Wait for a holiday or seasonal sale for the game when its about $15-$20."
,Recommended,440900,29909401,Posted: 13 February,all,Wardoar,Heyyy Thats Pretty GOOOOD.This game is worth your time if you have too much time to wasteThis game like ARK is a tremendous time sync that as of now is remaribly working well-ish for a early access game the amount of acctuall in game bugs past the dreadded launch day is maybe like 3 or 4 hardly a great amount for the hours ive played already got my moneys worth hoping updates add more content and create a more fature compelate game
76561197969314552,Recommended,440900,29891883,Posted: 12 February,all,AtomicPenguin,"This game is very much a work in progress, uncompleted title. Early Access in this case really means it, the game's pretty rough around the edges and still has a long way to go.That said, it's worth keeping an eye on and it's already pretty fun to play. If you don't mind paying to get in now during development it's absolutely worth it; if you don't want to deal with bugs, unfinished or unbalanced content, or other issues then absolutely wait a bit before jumping in.Pros:It's beautiful.Building and working with the world is intuitive and easy. Dealing with the rigors it presents, not as much; it's brutal, often extremely difficult. I got frustrated at first by dying repeatedly, until I realized that I was enjoying solving the problems that led to that demise and was actually able to work toward real goals that I defined for myself.The music is either very simlar to Funcom's Conan MMO's music, or is the same music. Either way, it's terrific. Sound in general is pretty well done, and audio cues are well executed.It runs very well once it's up and going, aside from some minor hitching every now and then, and it's stable; I haven't had a single crash.The world is large, with plenty of secrets to discover and explore. The building tools allow you to work pretty easily within the guidelines of the world to integrate what you want to build into the landscape.Cons:Load times are abysmal right now. It takes my system ~4 minutes to load my current game.Combat needs some work, as to enemy animations. Player characters look and move very well, but enemy human NPC's have animations that don't fire and they respond oddly. Animals are generally better, though,  and most work just fine.Weapons are balanced strangely. The Pike I can make at level 15 is better than the spear I can make at level 28, for example. The sword I can make around 15 is just as good as the cutlass I can't make until 10-12 levels later. A lot of skill points seem to need to be dedicated to build a functional base, and some building materials take a staggering amount of time and resources to use. All of this will be addressed later, I'm certain, but for time of this review it's a big enough issue to be  aware of.Combat is about on-par with Skyrim's whack a mole melee. I expected better, and I think there's something in the works, but for now it's functional but lackluster. Archery is very disappointing in particular, being awkward to use as well as expensive resource-wise.Some bugs, but not as bad as I expected. My current game has a massive tree that I started building around, but then the tree disappeared after a few hours of playing; it randomly reappears if I leave and come back, but when it's gone the game actually lets me build and do things where the tree would be. That's bad when it reappears, and that ground is suddenly inaccessible again.Building is generally pretty good, if resource-heavy and slow, but the inability to move things you've built needs to be changed. Also, if you accidentally demolish the wrong support piece anything on it is trashed with it; if that includes a crafting station or box with resources on it, that's all lost. It works pretty well as-is, but definitely needs work to be more user friendly and is somewhat lacking in options to allow for more versatile structures at the moment.Closing thoughts:I play singleplayer, and have raised the XP rate to give a more natural progression curve without the need for excessive grinding. I also lowered the spoil rate a bit, although food isn't terribly scarce, and very slightly bumped the respawn rate for resources. This sort of versatility and customizability means I get a game I'm comfortable with, at the rate I play, with minimal hassle. I can make a more hardcore, slower game, or a more casual builder out of it, and it's all up to me.I haven't played ARK or Rust, since those get constant comparisons here, and this is the first game of the genre I've really delved into. It's fun, albeit with high and low points, but I'm never without something to do or without something I want to be doing. For a game as early in development as this seems to be, and with so much coming to it in the future, I'm pretty excited about where it's going. It's already good as it is, if rough, and there's a lot to look forward to.Recommended, but know what you're getting into first and wait if you're not comfortable with the game in its current state."
76561198039164273,Recommended,440900,30052167,Posted: 19 February,all,"""Ironwolf""","Long Story- Could not play at launch had a group of 10 going into it hard , Barbarians of Ironwolf resurrected in Exiles....oh the glory and nope...game did not start for me. So tribe went in , took me 2  days to fix launcher problem. 0/10 ...but wait..... oh man, I'm in, tribe built up , its fun, about 20% of the time and unplayable 80% 4/10 still trying like mad to love it and this brings to week 2.... server still screwing up, patches after patch a bit rough yes, but there is hope it's getting better and better,....6/10.Enter in week 3. and yup...amazing experience, Rp-Pvp on Cascadia, we've had huge RP tribe wars , Battles, Lore, getting rid of any toxic players on the spot, raiding , I commanded Mitra's Colossus two times and what an epic experience! We now have territory , religion wars , for Mitra' Set and Yog, we've had Yogs backstabbing Yogs after they breached us only to go home and get wiped by the very rogue Yog tribe that helped them by summoning a Yog...We've had rogue Crom followers with masks attempt to assassinate. You name it , it's happened. We have Mitra followers getting safe sactuary from devestation in the Southwest River Valley... tribunal pacts and all out tribal warfare. Epic experience 10/10 .........and games hardly finished.  Cascadia Pvp-Rp server . Barbarians of Ironwolf. For MITRA!"
76561198043889525,Recommended,440900,30345647,Posted: 5 March,all,Infernozan,"Good game considering it is still being developed alot of the negative reviews are people who obviously didnt read that it is still in development. Having played other survival games this one is the best so far, the good thing is it is not all about the gear and when you die you still keep your skills and levels you have gained."
76561197989809853,Recommended,440900,30276296,Posted: 2 March,all,Woogin,"Those who say that Conan Exiles is just a copy of Ark have probably not played this game. The crafting and gathering is similar but they are not the same, and I definately prefer the crafting of Conan Exiles to Ark.Furthermore there is more of an RPG and adventure feeling to Conan, which makes this game, even though quite early in it's early access, much more enjoyable than other Survival games that I've played."
76561198165455002,Recommended,440900,29885088,Posted: 12 February,all,Setupist,"If you like survival games this is something you have to try! It had a rough launch with server problems but it bounced back and community servers are looking pretty good. For an early access it has a good amount of content and alot of potential. The developers responded pretty fast to the problems that came up after launch and fixed them fast - it looks like they ar in it for the long haul.If you are unsure about this, get the 30$ version adn look at it for an hour or so - you might just like it."
76561198001522892,Recommended,440900,29769750,Posted: 7 February,all,jamesmalcolm878,"Though the game is in early access its still an amazing game. Sure you'll run into a few bugs yet the developers have already fixed so many issues as they work non stop to achieve this games full potential. Would definitely recommend to anyone who enjoys a brutal, realistic survival game with story and stunning visuals."
76561197982413658,Recommended,440900,29720326,Posted: 5 February,all,rAttmAniA,"Great Game tons of potential, Ark quality BUT totally broken, flying aligators, death from nothing, you arrive at the base and in a minute or two you can see it why you watch you friend float around, memory leaks, broken crafting, you have to switch from windowed, to windowed full screen, to full screen just to get to full screen and proper resolution.  The game is playable because there are work arounds for all the bad and the AI are dumb as a box of rocks, so every other arrow disapearing is no big deal. We only had 6 people on the server and the lag was horrible, I'm not sure if it was our paid gaming host or the game but we are paying for 40 slots. Its a thumbs up because they dont even claim the game to be good, and it isnt. You spend alot of time out of Sync."
,Recommended,440900,30379290,Posted: 7 March,all,👑GG4V👑,"If your dream game is Rust and ARK put into a blender poured carefully into a glass, then thrown across the room scooped up (broken glass and all) mixed with fresh chilis, bit of garlic, pinch of sea salt, shot of whiskey, placed in a mug with with soy foam on top as well as ice from a florida dive bar urinal and forced down your gullet at gun point. Then this game is for you, it will ♥♥♥♥ up endlessly, and youll change servers infinite times honesty and its not a waste of time, so who the ♥♥♥♥ cares. PVP.SURVIVAL.BUILDING?why are you even reading the reviews?"
,Recommended,440900,29832832,Posted: 10 February,all,Piavoli,"Played a bit, then uninstalled it. Despite the developers delivering daily updates, the game needs way more polish to be considered playable. I won't lie, though, I had fun. Maybe I'll reinstall it in a month."
76561198002584882,Recommended,440900,29927135,Posted: 14 February,all,ROOSTER7102,"I have really enjoyed this game, it has a lot of potential. It's like minecraft and Warcraft merged with better graphics. It is a early release so you have to accept that when you start to play. Load time is bad at this time but you get used to it. Combat is fun and the fear of death over your head all the time is great. Once you have a few people in your clan and a decent fortress things get better. Also ALWAYS MAKE SURE AFTER DEATH YOU RESAVE AT A BED.........."
76561197979145365,Recommended,440900,29853480,Posted: 11 February,all,ZeppeliN,I really don't understand the negative feedback- This game runs better than any ALPHA game out there.It's smooth and doesn't lag. The engine is stable and there is a alot of growth
76561198207709763,Recommended,440900,29923593,Posted: 14 February,all,dujdav,Impressive for an early access game.
,Recommended,440900,29916127,Posted: 13 February,all,trashguy,So far so goo for early relase. Looking forward to creating some mods.
,Recommended,440900,29703366,Posted: 4 February,all,[LP] Scooby,"This game has is a bit rough in it's current state but definitely shows tons of promise. The developers listen and you see patches daily, sometime multiple a day. All I am saying is that this game is definitely worth the 30 bucks. I have had it for a couple of days and have been able to put over 50 hours in it so far. Definitely give it a try, and if you do, take the time to find an unofficial server that is right for you. It will have way less lag and will stay up if you find one with an admin that gives a damn."
76561198016545545,Recommended,440900,30107292,Posted: 22 February,all,Arcone,Just call me Mr Cityplanner! Love this game and looking forward for more biomes
76561198008143552,Recommended,440900,30303276,Posted: 3 March,all,TekNiKul,"Well for one I felt obligated to make a review seeing as a bunch of emotional crybabies have lowered its rating.This game is amazing, the speed in which they are pushing out patches is incredible not to mention how well of a state it was in on release day. Bottom line is, the score is being ruined by people who dont understand how early access works. If you sink 60 hours into it and have to start from the beginning thats your own fault. This is an incomplete game. That being said the amount on content available already is astonishing and I havent even scratched the surface. I cant imagine how awesome the finished product will be. Keep up the good work Funcom!"
76561198073406815,Recommended,440900,29952449,Posted: 15 February,all,Rockageddon,"I have read all the conan books, I've even read king Kull. I played AOC till end game.Now for this game:Pros:- It's a conan world, fleshed a sixtenth of the way. To do full would require a minecraftian effort. So the choice of only the desert region is understandable.- Combat is fun, PVE is actually a blast. I havn't PVP'd, but from everything I've experienced and the lvl system, PVP would be a nightmare. I've played enough survival games to get the flow, I may just kick back and enjoy this one.- Thralls! In the world of Conan slaves happened, let's be adults here. It's fantasy, nothing more. And it's awesome! The pathing as you drag a body back to base is incredible. Having them is awesome!- Shrines!- For how early access it is, barley any bugs. People complain so much over so little, Rust had constant bug based wipes (full sever wipes), ARK I lost everything multiple times from offical server crashes (even dinos I tamed for 8 hours+), Seven days to die i'd get killed by rubberbanding dogs and hunted even after death by the same flying hornet. This game: Sometimes when walking around my house i begin to float for a bit..- Asthetics through the roof. Funcom respected it's RP players from AOC and gave you the option to make your house a home, Chairs, rugs, wall mounted heads.- Wheel of Pain.- Something I never talk about, graphics. Yes it's a beautiful game, but it is to be expected of a 2017 release.Cons:- Takes WAAAYYY to long to learn how to make a bed and bedroll, lvl 5 just for a respawn point? If you die you spawn in the same far south region. The bedroll is also a one time use. I'm sure they'll change this soon.- Hyenas and spiders, early game grief again as their hits cripple your movement and slow you down. The others catch up and bring you down in a group. More on this point is the secrect animal alligance, killing an elk and it'll run randomly, sometimes towards hyenas who anwser the call to take up arms against you in the united alliance of creatures.- Such as ARK, pvp would be hell, you literally have, Stone - Iron - Steel ages. So stone against iron or steel? I saw the hardcore servers, Rust types wipe once a month. I get that, but anything else would be hell unless you can full time CE.- No bronze age.- No Crom shrine.- No Two-handed Axes or swords... Yet ( I do love the hammer though..)8.5/10The rundown: It's the Conan universe, with endless room for growth, what's in the game is fun a conan or AOC fan and I reccomend it to them. To everyone else, this may just be another survial game to you. If you truly want to enjoy it don't look up everything online first, just go in and explore. The first time I saw a few things I was in awe. So much potential for adventure in the ways of old, gamer style. Let's just hope Funcom dossn't blow it like they did eventually with AOC. As much as people bad talk it for what it became, that was still the grandest MMO adventure I ever had."
76561198012895231,Recommended,440900,29644746,Posted: 2 February,all,[Rahjat]Leif,"I highly recomend this game to all survival gamers and conan fans. Its early access so ofcourse there is bugs and so on. So wait for the full game if you cant handel the bugs. But damn this game look nice, and there is little things what make building fun. Walls have wich side is outside, door opens always away from you and so on. Hud is easy to use and get familiar.Wasteland have captured the spirit of Conan lore and world!Solo/co-op loads of fun and thank you Funcom for in-game tools they are great!Only thing in co-op is annoying is another players are binded to admin. I hope this will change or at least binding range would be bigger. Now you need to move as one group if going to search for richer materials.This game will be huge after early access stage!"
,Recommended,440900,29921177,Posted: 14 February,all,gamefresh's dad,"Sure it may have some bug issues, but so do all early access. But unlike most, this early access is actually playable. Dev's are actually doing their jobs and releasing updates every few days and getting ontop of bug fixes. Highly recommend this game to those who are looking for a multiplayer game to play with friends or otherwise meet new friends."
,Recommended,440900,29648758,Posted: 2 February,all,Ghostface,"Barbaric combat and graphics.RPG elements.Various biomes to explore.Extensive crafting, from gear to buildings."
,Recommended,440900,29712654,Posted: 4 February,all,[Nmcd]Isaiah,"So far Extremely enjoy this game, love almost every bit of this game. Obviously will not be too harsh since its in early access but I still enjoy it so far can't wait for updates that add things and expands for more things to do."
,Recommended,440900,29929624,Posted: 14 February,all,mhofever,"Asked a female character to show me her♥♥♥♥♥♥ She replied in a manly voice, ""Ok"". It's a trap!I ran 15 miles the opposite direction."
76561198038077972,Recommended,440900,30464791,Posted: 11 March,all,ASanguineRomance,"So far, loving this game. It IS very obviously not complete yet with  many features yet to be added. However, the devs are very open about where they are going and what they are working on. As far as open acces goes, if you like games similar to ark and the conan mythos, this definitly seems a safe bet, if not outright perfect one, to back. Loads of fun even in this state."
76561198031672865,Recommended,440900,29667762,Posted: 3 February,all,subguy200120,"Conan Exiles is still an Early Access game.  There are issues, yes, but gameplay is fun, the graphics are quite good, and I think there is a lot of potential for this title."
,Recommended,440900,29828730,Posted: 10 February,all,Unløgix Størm,Everyday a new patch very nice! Keep it up
76561197969765522,Recommended,440900,29820846,Posted: 10 February,all,Firewire,Best game ever! Potential to be epic when vi exit the early access phase.
76561198310866795,Recommended,440900,29958712,Posted: 16 February,all,juscemi,"130+ hrsIf you like to be super competitive on survival games you will enjoy Conan Exiles.Some bugs and glitches, obviously you know before purchasing an early access game it will not be perfect.It has the potential to be greater then the competitors.Playing this game in 3'rd person with a controller is the way to do it."
,Recommended,440900,29672374,Posted: 3 February,all,Cattrickery,"Conan ExilesVery rough beginging to the start of its release to the point where i was debating abt returning it..... and holy flying♥♥♥♥♥im glad i didnt :D i have never seen so much work put into a game and the potential this game has to come, as long as it doesnt turn to a ♥♥♥♥♥how like the other surival game *cough coughPros1. i get a new expieremce from this game then, what i have with other survival games and damn its a good feeling, even when i get killed its not the end only the begining2. THE MAP, the landscaping in this game is so crazy amazing, if u got your ultra setting on u can c your foot/wutever is draging in the sand its so @.@ beautiful.3. The community itself isnt bad>.> but its very helpful and wants to c this game do amazing things which is great to c in the forums4. i lost count on how many patches, and updates the devs have put out already. the devs care and you can c it, you can well currently join in servers with them and test out bugs. glitches, etc. and they will want your feed back.5. i could go on so much more but all i have to say is that its worth the money brings some friends along for the ride and have fun and DOMINATE;)cons >.>1. its buggy (currently) rubberbanding ai not respond ing its damn optimize yo game b4 u reales it and ill get to tht in a moment but, the laggy♥♥♥♥♥ai are grreat to kill and lvl up:D2.the release ugh i dont know where to begin spen almost 2 hours loading the game and trying to get into a server, but in short for this is they werent prepared, always be prepaired:o3.Raiding its a bit tricky and hard to explain at the moment, there are ways to abosulety destroy bases 24/7 but there are also other bases that cant even be raided like wut fix tht plzzzz>.>4.DEVS PLZ notify when your restarting your servers died abt 7 times, all you get is ""ypu have been diconnected "" u load back in and your dead ..... over and over again;-;5. mostly just bugs that i can think of, there are also some colliding stuff walking through a few walls and stuffOverall the finally conclusion to tis lenghty summary is its worth the money and hellya of the entertainmentsee you in there dominateing you filthy barbains ;)"
76561198126972519,Recommended,440900,30062902,Posted: 20 February,all,Lehatti,"After a rough start dying all the time, since I was clueless of this sandy world, I finally managed to actually survive.. Just like a survival game should be. No mercy. Besides that great artwork, gameply and concepts. This is advanced minecrafting for adults. Even for a person who don't have too much time to play I find it very enjoyable! Looking forward to the full release!"
76561197976721768,Recommended,440900,29644093,Posted: 1 February,all,Hey it's Ramza,"Been playing a few hours now and thought I'd put in my 2 cents. I can only speak for co-op, but what I have seen so far looks pretty promising. A few bugs here and there but its to be expected for early access. Crafting, gathering, leveling, all feels nice. Adjustable rates for crafting, xp , stats. My only real gripe at this time is the teathering to the host in co-op. If the host goes too far from the other players, it begins to drag them along, then eventually force spawn them to the host. I would really like to see this go away in the future. However due to the difficulty of combat and number of possible enemies at one time, sticking together is a really really good idea.Graphically speaking it runs just OK. Im playing on custom settings,(flora and shadows low, the rest high) and I maintain decent framerate until I approach a new body of water. This can sometimes bring me down to single digit frames. However if I'm staying around my base, and I mean within visible range, I can keep around 60-70fps.I never played ark, but my wife did and she says it feels pretty similar. But we are both having a pretty good time with the co-op. Needs polished for sure, but has the framework for a pretty nice title. I do not regret the purchase.specs incase you were wondering.Windows 7i5 6600kGTX 9508gb RAM"
76561197994598103,Recommended,440900,29735305,Posted: 5 February,all,Ehb,"This game is incredible.Ignore the negative comments - this is early access. From what I have experienced so far this game is going to keep my attention for a very long time.  There is literally unlimited types of gameplay - you can go solo or join a clan, or  lead one, be a friendly neighbor or a scary killer, be a builder or a crafter, a hunter or a gatherer, the options are unlimited.Crafting is great - different servers are able to tailor what youre looking for.  I played with a group of 4 friends and to combat the server unstability we have 3 that we play on. If one is down, we simply head to our other one.  Building is great - you can chose to be functional or pvp based.  We have created a lot of incredible bases - one of those bases was sky high and damn near unsiegable.If you don't like the server inconsistencies right now, play singleplayer.  If you're okay with testing the game and dealing with lag join a server that fits your gameplay style and have fun. Yes, there will be wipes, yes there will be lag, yes there will be rubberbanding. The game isnt even a week old for crying out loud - just play it and have fun.This game has so much potential and Funcom is meeting that head on with constant communication and patches.  This game is going to dominate the market. Give it a chance, KNOW that when you are playing this you are TESTING it as an early stage game.My advice is find a group of friends to play with and build a cliff base.  That or go singleplayer to learn the game.Have fun everyone, this game is one of a kind."
76561198346906983,Recommended,440900,29994560,Posted: 17 February,all,JR,im maxed out on level and i cant get other recipes lol and i wish u guys can up it a bit lol
,Recommended,440900,29736135,Posted: 5 February,all,ADT | Phaiz [SKVR],"Good foundation to start on. Needs work, obviously it's EA, but these devs are on top of it."
76561198026316446,Recommended,440900,29836454,Posted: 10 February,all,ObsesiveReloader,good for still being in beta!
,Recommended,440900,29735916,Posted: 5 February,all,Splitbaker,Got attacked by a naked man wielding a giant club.Tried to run away but ended up running into a group of mongoloids that beat me to death with their clubbed hands.8/10
76561198047480198,Recommended,440900,29774581,Posted: 7 February,all,Gramz,"It's a great game, have about 30+ actual hours of playing, and didn't even make headway into what is probably 1/4 of the content. Helps to have a group/clan. Don't expect that much from what is there even still though, it is early alpha, but still loaded with content. I didn't even explore probably 40% of the map or so, never got to fight any real bosses, or max my level. Played on a couple different servers, mostly 2x-5x servers. Spent most of that time playing on one with a group. Best gaming experience I've had since the excitement came back from rust."
,Recommended,440900,29732755,Posted: 5 February,all,Shin Chan,"Good game, Lots to do, Best survival game I've played so far because there are so many options build wise and fight wise."
,Recommended,440900,29937575,Posted: 15 February,all,VoodooMumbo,"Amazing game, with great potential.Would recommend/10"
,Recommended,440900,29994765,Posted: 17 February,all,Authorize,"Even with the flaws, that every EA game has tbh, still cant put the game down"
,Recommended,440900,29937365,Posted: 15 February,all,Cheungy,need good pc or else 13min laoding times
,Recommended,440900,29787054,Posted: 8 February,all,theHICKTOWN,"Game has great potential, I give it a thumbs up!  Devs keep doing what your doing!"
,Recommended,440900,34312554,Posted: 17 August,all,Bagel,"I haven't had the problems that some people describe (crashes, etc.). At least not any more than I'd expect from an Early Access title.I took a break from playing after server updates wiped out my base several times during the first few weeks after EA release, but I really loved the building dynamics.I'll probably try to get back into it and see if things have stabilized somewhat. I'm on the fence about recommending the game, but I think there's more good than bad here.I'll recommend it with the understanding that an Early Access game will have problems, so don't be surprised if you get bugs or crashes."
76561197969203860,Recommended,440900,29969171,Posted: 16 February,all,Øksfjell Kraftkar,Looks great for an early access game. Looking forward to see the development on this project. A little glitchy and some latency issues but nothing that should be able to iron out in a few weeks.Can't wait to see the game in a little more developed state.
76561198043598638,Recommended,440900,30003151,Posted: 18 February,all,CragHackN,"Will give this a thumbs up, havent been plauged with whaterver people complains about on the forums.Official servers pop ups everytime I search for one.Funcom are working hard improving this game so it will turn out great in the end.They are communicating very well too, on facebook, twitter and what not tho on the forums they are mostly lurking whatching you."
76561198117152599,Recommended,440900,29976087,Posted: 16 February,all,Surturfire,I find the game very fun I don't see why this has a mixed rating i havent run in to any bad bugs but I just enjoy building in single player.
,Recommended,440900,29977949,Posted: 16 February,all,HavocHellion,"Just a little bit of information to spread about this game so far in it's current state.It has the potential to become a great game. When it is running normally without hickups it performs well despite some server issues and un-optimiziations (they are continuously updating performance issues). Mods are now being applied by Users to fix issues with the game currently (devs have acknowledged these issues and continue to fix them as per request of how problematic they are, which is nice).The ""Early Access"" part of the game that people are complaining about seem to be dishonest. Once the game has loaded people tend to skip the page that loads at the begining after the cinematic stating that they know there will be perfomance issues and problems, they do not hide this fact or try to trick you. To be fair some of the issues have been major ones but it is to be expected. They gain more feed back by using real-time gameplay from users, instead of the development team, this is the whole purpose of an alpha/beta release testing. If users can't handle these issues then by all means wait for the game to become a more stable version and when more content is added.The Pros (Current State) --Runs on a great game engine.-Game design aspects and mechanics implemented well.-Placement of items mesh well with enviorment.-Nice Graphics.-Decent character customization (if you know what I mean)-More to come...The Cons (Current State)-VOIP needs a rehaul.-Animal and creature movement need to be polished.-Server Accessability and Stability need to be improved.-Conent seems to be lacking a little bit (being worked on in development).Overall the basic core of the game seems to be doing well and the dev team really seem to take intrest in what feedback they are getting with their game. Hopefully this continues in the next coming months, and hopefully more content gets added and good mods are made to make the game more enjoyable."
,Recommended,440900,30421358,Posted: 9 March,all,r00t (C),Eines der besten survival early access games das ich seid langem gespielt habe!
76561198255413368,Recommended,440900,30003004,Posted: 18 February,all,Grenick,Absolutely brilliant graphics. My first survival game so I don't have anything to compare it to but it has got me a bit hooked. Been early access it still has bugs and some glitches but I'm pretty impressed with the constant patches and improvements Funcom is making for the game. The potential is huge and it's getting better and better. Defnitely recommended.
76561198054731552,Recommended,440900,30015673,Posted: 18 February,all,RustyNippleClamps,"Honestly, it's a good game. Not finished, still buggy, but what do people expect? I have played both Ark and Rust and never enjoyed myself as much playing those games as I do this one. Hopefully as time goes by the game only gets better and better."
76561198017282411,Recommended,440900,30867164,Posted: 31 March,all,macmo36,Been playing this on and off for a bit now and am enjoying it immensely. Loving the way its brutal just like the novels of conan i have read. Survival games have never been my thing but this one is great
76561198110271541,Recommended,440900,29620239,Posted: 31 January,all,efoirster,"I've never played a ""Survival"" style game.  I thought this would be like Age of Conan.  My thoughts after 2-3 hours of play...  It plays fine on my system, no lag or bugs; I just starve to death a lot.  I guess that's a learning curve, because I'm always the guy in Skyrim or Fallout that spends an hour clearing out a small place for any and all gear or scrap I can find.  Spending a lot of time scavaging in this game seems to be fruitful for crafting, but if you forget to eat or drink... you dead.  But with just 2 almost 3 hours into the game at the time of this post, I like it.  Granted, I have spent over 2500 hours on Skyrim, over 1000 hours on Fallout 4, around 1500 hours on Age of Conan, so this will take some adjusting to.  But, if you like to craft, forage, and build stuff; it will be worth the time in the long run (in my opinion).  Just remember to always have a food source handy, as well as some sort of shelter early on."
,Recommended,440900,34336558,Posted: 18 August,all,Sparkyboy622,Love it. awesome job funcom keep it up game is amazing
,Recommended,440900,34404522,Posted: 21 August,all,Onion,"idk why so many negative reviews, i like it more than ark and i havent run into performance issues yet"
,Recommended,440900,29874767,Posted: 12 February,all,neelin2,"If you enjoy other survival games like Ark, Rust, or The Forest, then I would definitely recommend this game. If you don't enjoy those survival games, then this game is way to grindy for you. The first thing I would do is find a server that is right for you. Right now I am playing on a server that has a triple resource gathering rate, because at the regular rate, I believe it requires to much grind. Also find a relatively stable server. Most servers will have some lag and will need to restart often. The restarting can be kind of annoying, because your in the middle of a fight with an npc, you lose connection, and you die. There really is no way around this, unless the developers added a reset timer or something like that. I also recommend finding a clan. Having clan battles and going on clan raids makes the game exponentially more fun. One issue the game has, is the animals response times. Sometimes you will hit a gazelle and it will wait almost 5 seconds before it starts running. It makes it easier, but less immersive. Another problem is the turning animations. These will often glitch out, and the creature will turn in just 3 or 4 frames. But these are small bugs, only make the game a little less fun, and would be expected from an early access survival game. I had a lot of fun with this game (the building, fighting, exploring, and clan battles are all very enjoyable), know that the future updates will only make it better, and would definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,440900,29681598,Posted: 3 February,all,SadisticPotato,"You start the game as the person who designed the UI, rightfully nailed to a cross. After getting rescued by not-arnold you embark on a quest to redeem yourself by trying to desing a combat system that doesn't suck more c*ck than a hooker on happy hour.8/Boobs, at least has working breast physics.On a serious note, the game is quite fun (except the two aforementioned things), challenging and it looks great. Got a lot of promise and i hope the devs keep improving it. Though i'd probably wait either for a sale or until they fixed the melee combat."
76561198356740968,Recommended,440900,30113918,Posted: 22 February,all,carterdonahue2942,"Honestly this game is amazing. I find it perfect in Roleplaying if you get a good RP Server. Of course there are alot of annoying bugs cause its early aaccess, but overall its awesome."
,Recommended,440900,29790996,Posted: 8 February,all,flashgordon,This game has the potential to the be the best survival game hands down!
76561198038435181,Recommended,440900,29763473,Posted: 7 February,all,Optive,"To begin with, a quick note on what Conan Exiles is. This is not a full game, but an Early access project that you sign up to test.A test in Early Access meens that you sign up to TEST. A few of the main goals of an Early Access test is to1: Find and report bugs, glitches, exploits etc.2: Stresstest servers for the developers.3: Provide constructive critisizm in regards to game content.4: Provide feedback on how to best progress and develop further until launch etc and so on.It is NOT about being ""first"" or to get an advantage over your buddies, because yes...what you test now will NOT be brought over to release day, so NO..you cannot stockpile stuff now and keep it.Review.My experience from day one in it´s early hours has been possitive mostly. There are indeed issues connected to a Beta test project, but it´s far better than both expected or claimed by many.You play as an Exile. You are banished to die on a cross in the Desert with your crimes pinned to your chest. Conan emerges and cut´s you down, and from there on..you are on your own.The features that are mostly working right now is* BasebuildingThis is a Fallout 4 "" snap and attach "" build system that works very very well. You can lower and raise, tilt and angle every item you place, so you can build pretty much to your hearts content. Materials for the building proccess is spawned in as enviroment all around you in forms of trees, rocks, grass etc...and the re-spawn ratio of it is high enough so you don´t empty an area too fast and have to wait for it to come back.* FightingYou cannot escape it, but i´d avoid it. AI is very dodgy and overpowered from time to time. Stuns on you stacks with multiple hits, hitboxes not working properly, but in it´s foundation..it´s sort of working. It´s bringing you food as well when killing animals, or body parts if you want to go that way.* Survival managementYou need food, water and shelter. Eating and drinking etc is set by the admins in the admin tools. Consider talking to your players / Admin if you feel the settings are off and tweak it.You will die..a lot, so don´t go full Conan mode the first you do but slow and steady and preferably in teams.Cons of the present state.* AI not fully working and having far too high output damage all the time + aggro range is set at max for everything.* Crafting material amounts are as way off as i have ever seen in any game. 50 rocks and 30 sticks to make a small campfire is one example.* Rubberbanding and floating movement here and there.* No VOIP so far ( Or chatbubbles for that matter )* Server browsing is a bit dodgy ( Recommend Steam server browsing instead )All and all, i reccomend this project for testing and even in it´s present state, it´s a lot of fun and will only get better."
76561198018103201,Recommended,440900,29623803,Posted: 1 February,all,justabloke69,"Still extremely early days but so far it is fun.  Mostly crafting at this stage, kill stuff, harvest, build, craft.Not very stable, but then, its in alpha and all."
76561198135498715,Recommended,440900,30264946,Posted: 1 March,all,TheButtonlessOne,"Fantastic game!The game has its fair share of bugs but given that it's more or less in a beta test I'm not sure what everyone is acting so upset about. It would be one thing if the devs didn't interact with the community, didn't accept feedback, and didn't release regular blogs explaining what they're working on and what they plan in the future. Most of the bugs the game launched with have either been fixed or at the very least improved upon. Add to that that FunCom's investors recently pumped more money into the game for quarterly content updates and the like and I think it's a safe assumption that the game's future looks good.Gameplay wise it's very much minecraft meets hack'n'slash rpg. You kill baddies, ensalve NPCs, and build bad♥♥♥♥♥fortresses. Some people complain how the highest tier building materials can be destroyed by the higher tier weapons but seriously, if you have a problem with that then you need to play on PvE servers, which is an option. I've also read a lot of fear and stories about abusive admins on private servers but I've played on several independent servers (officials are predictably too crowded) and while I've had my disagreements with admins, I have yet to find one that I would call abusive or outright unfair."
76561198085247833,Recommended,440900,29658752,Posted: 2 February,all,ShakeWeight 4L,What people don't realise is that this game is in early release. Just in the first week of release it has had many patches and the devs have listend 100% to the community.  I have rarely ever seen this amazing response to the community and I CANNOT wait fo this game to improve in the weeks / months to come! great job developers and team!
,Recommended,440900,29658721,Posted: 2 February,all,Wor,"Very promising, but still very early access. If they can do all they say they can in 12 months, then this is the one survival game for me. So far maybe the most RP friendly fantasy survival game in the market with a very harsh enviroment and hard monsters. Lot's of PvE places and monsters. Great with NPC's that drop items you need."
76561198052565997,Recommended,440900,34381221,Posted: 20 August,all,RaccoonGahd,"So far an excellent game. Sure there are bugs here and there, but that's to be expected from a game that's on Early Access. I see that a huge ammount of people leaving negative reviews is for the fact that there is still no balancing system to aid lower level players in having a chance against higher level ones. And that's understandable, but not worth all the negativity the game is receiving. If you're just looking to have fun in the world of Conan, then do yourself a favor and stick to single/co-op modes and play only with your friends. However if you're looking forward to playing competitively, then it might be worth it to wait until a more balanced pvp system is brought into the game."
76561198097253291,Recommended,440900,29646601,Posted: 2 February,all,OrionsSeatBelt,"Servers can be laggy at time, but they are working hard at fixing it. Overall this game is pretty awesome! Great starting foundation and shows lots of promise.I have faith that this game will be epic once they are completed development!If you are okay with early access games and all that it entails then I recommend you pick this game up!"
,Recommended,440900,29717205,Posted: 5 February,all,Squishy,This is the best ♥♥♥♥♥iest game I've ever played. Me and my friends are having quite a fun time playing this game on my server. Mostly just survival with some base building and such for now but we'll be doing material runs and what not soon enough and I can't wait to see what the devs put into this game.
76561198016933540,Recommended,440900,29714531,Posted: 5 February,all,Combat Medicine,The launch is abysmal. But the game is great. I'll happy endure on my rented server as I enjoy this fun game.
,Recommended,440900,29646957,Posted: 2 February,all,Cookies702,"Absolutely fantastic game.Positives:- BOOBIES AND WEINERS! Just kidding... I think.- Amazingly easy to pick up.- Super easy to find the type of server you want.- The community in this game is already Grade A.- Love the theme.- Building bases is very smooth, for example, I built a tree house base nearly 8 stories high.- Level your hero how you want, become a warrior or a builder, your choice. Certain servers allow for different size clans which really can make people who just level their hero as a grunt with high level encumberance feel useful. Be an archer. It really doesn't matter, you can find a way to be useful as a solo player or a clan member. I can't say how much I love this aspect.Cons:- As of February 1st, the rubberbanding issues and ping issues alone would stop me from playing this game.IF IT WASN'T A FANTASTIC GAME- Level 13 to make a permanent spawn point/bed.- $30 for an Alpha. Even though as an Alpha, it's better than most games already.That's really it guys. If you play Ark, or any other similar game, please give this game a try. I can't speak highly enough about the addictive quality to this game. It's like discovering the holy grail. It's like blazing a new path every single time you get on. I love meeting people, forming a clan, building a giant base, raiding the city, and then... server hopping and doing it all over!7 hours in, 500 more.5/510/10PLEASE FIX THE SERVERS THAT IS ALL!If you find this review useful please vote for it. Thanks! Also, feel free to add me and let's get to grinding!"
76561197971214586,Recommended,440900,29714804,Posted: 5 February,all,[Mpx] Anarkha,"Some bugs and features need to be added, but been entertaining enough for thumps up."
76561198045608828,Recommended,440900,29648631,Posted: 2 February,all,dylan.bussian,"Playing single player is great! Obviously the servers need to get worked out, which they will. I have had no problems just playing single player, which is a great experience on it's own. Interesting enemies, everything you craft looks badass, hitting things actually feels like you are hitting them. Enemy animations need some work and I think it would be cool if certain enemies attacked each other when in range. As far as just released early access goes, it's doing fantastic. This game is but a child, allow it time to grow into Conan."
,Recommended,440900,29714981,Posted: 5 February,all,Alexxis Rose,Really enjoying this game so far. My PC is semi old and it tuns perfectly fine on medium(shadows/vsync off). Only downfall is that co-op has a really short tether distance. So far it's with the money spent. And it'll only evolve into more content.
76561198244896280,Recommended,440900,34361195,Posted: 19 August,all,Nathwrath,Can see V very good
,Recommended,440900,34333655,Posted: 18 August,all,LoS | King Bumblesnarf,It has plenty of potential and i find it enjoyable with a few friends PvE soooo I say go for it.
76561197966137848,Recommended,440900,31093307,Posted: 12 April,all,Delarock,"I havn't played the game a lot as I'm waiting for my friends to have time for a long session, but so far I like what I see.It seems really fun as a coop game, and I think it will only get better. I'm not much of a pvp player, so will probably use a private server."
76561198135031741,Recommended,440900,34349337,Posted: 19 August,all,Pastor Unknown :),"Very fun survival game, It takes some time ot get use to it but ones you do you will love it"
76561198014968168,Recommended,440900,34133296,Posted: 9 August,all,General of Men,good game just hard to find a good server were people are not wiping you out in the first 5 mins
76561198004701958,Recommended,440900,34221924,Posted: 13 August,all,aileigh,"When I first tried this game, I was put off by it. I didn't really know what to do and I kept dying. I liked the environment, though, and the building aspect made me curious enough to come back and try again. The problem at first is that there is no narrative or direction, and the game on single player lacks much of an AI. HOWEVER, it's very fun to build bases and keep exploring the world in the ultimate man versus the elements experience.More is being added, and at this point, I think this game is enough to recommend as a yes. I want to see more people interested in it as this is not a half-hearted attempt at making a game by the devs. The art and animation quality is really superior, the world is interesting, and most of all, it is fun if you like sandbox games.This is like a realistic Minecraft-style game or Dragon Age Builders, but there are no AI raids that I've personally ran into on the single player. I have not done multiplayer yet, though I want to eventually. There is not really a story but the world is vibrant, and it tells a story a la Dark Souls, in a very visual way."
76561198059445606,Recommended,440900,34316209,Posted: 17 August,all,mattyp5402,Awesome game! wish there was a way to report bugs I've Found after manual shutdown instead of only when a crash happened and crashes only happened so far with crap mods. ALL should try this game out!
,Recommended,440900,30065894,Posted: 20 February,all,temanden,"Great crafting and survival game, love that there is no help, no healtbars and you loose everything on you when you die."
76561198009705539,Recommended,440900,29780889,Posted: 8 February,all,Hitman488,"Very good early access title! A lot of potential, but for now a 20€ pricetag would be more suitable. The ability to make a custom coop server is just splendid and works magnificently! Recommended? YES! (if you love the setting or survival games in general)"
76561198010484804,Recommended,440900,30026905,Posted: 18 February,all,Rey-Spec,say : ''Nice C*ck''Dude: '' HA thanks''GG BEST GAME EVER 10/10
,Recommended,440900,30027799,Posted: 18 February,all,Jack the Smack,Very good quality survival game for an early access. Can't wait to see how it improves in the next few months.
,Recommended,440900,29966633,Posted: 16 February,all,Trerot,"Fastests patching early access game I have tried. Its nice to see a company listen to concerns and activly releases patches (daily).Reading patchlogs before game launch is a nice habbit as stuff that have bothered you might be gone.This is what early access should be! If you want a polished game, wait until its released."
76561198127101535,Recommended,440900,30368483,Posted: 6 March,all,evilsplat,"Pros:-There is a singleplayer mode (technically it's local play not only singleplayer tho)-You can enslave npcs-The combat is satisfying-The crafting menu is the same as the inventory menu (not seperate tabs)-tools, weapons and armours break easy which makes it (In my opinion) more interactive and fun-There are awesome sandstorms (Tho at the time of this reveiw they seem to be for decoration and reduced visability only)-The game is a challenge but never impossible (In singleplayer you might need a mod to scale down bosses as they are meant for multiple players tho, the mods do exist btw)-On the topic of mods there are some good ones-there are religions and you can summon gods-and many others-The game is beautiful (I know what you are thinking and while those are nice too I was talking about the environment you dirty minded people)Cons:-Bugs including: certain items turning from stacks into single items upon server restarts, Not being able to see npc occupations while they are awake in single player and several others.-The framerate-In singleplayer without mods I won't say bosses are impossible to defeat but they are so tough they might as well be.-The framerate-In order to do things you will probably be constantly using the wiki and google, they will become your best freinds.-Last I checked the multiplayer serverlists were more buggy than the gameplay and would generally require many attemps to succesfully log in.-The framerate-As with most of these types of games online servers have very few places left to build a base.-and oh did I mention the framerateOverveiw:While this game is buggy which is to be expected in early access it is an already shining gem that is still being polished, I would recomend the game to anyone who likes the survival genre and has a computer above the recommended specs for it, 9.5/10 Definitely worth the full price (Don't get the barbarion edition though because from what I've heard it's basically the same with a couple pieces of real life merch thrown in) I would also mention this game is not for children or people afraid of blood, nudity, enslaving enemies or a difficult game."
,Recommended,440900,31032034,Posted: 8 April,all,Carry Potter | csgolive.com,Very buggy many places to get out of the map and glitches but overall the gameplay makes it worth it.
,Recommended,440900,30193790,Posted: 26 February,all,Bornminecraft,Very good game.
,Recommended,440900,30205850,Posted: 26 February,all,Kriloff,"I would actually recommend the game in its current state on the basis of the community. Now I am not talking about the public servers made by Funcom, which can sometimes be a pain due to people most of the time murdilating others on sight, but communitydriven servers. I have had a blast doing dungeons with other people and create big structures on a roleplaying pvp server, even inciting small scale barfights. It has its bugs and petty niggles and it crashes sometimes, but if you find a great server with a good community you will most likely have a good time."
76561198085888282,Recommended,440900,30189798,Posted: 26 February,all,GabyS,Very good game!
,Recommended,440900,34398643,Posted: 21 August,all,TFL | Iodine,THE definitive body physics experience.
,Recommended,440900,29689077,Posted: 4 February,all,The Punisher,"Nice game, better than Ark at launch."
76561198191793738,Not Recommended,440900,30648050,Posted: 21 March,all,Zaroska,"2 months without new content, people are leaving very fast, loading too long. Resources (iron... ) despawned because of foundation."
76561198075004126,Recommended,440900,34514563,Posted: 26 August,all,Dirtdiver1,"This is a fun game to play.  The combat seems smooth enough and the crafting is not overly complicated just a matter of finding the materials you need.  There are some bugs that needs to be worked out, my game crashed a couple of times, but its early access so bugs are to be expected.  This game has potential and in my opinion doesn't deserve the negative reviews it gets for being broken, its not finished of course its broken.  I recommend this game they are constantly updating it with the fix for single player being one of the latest.  I would like to see the finished product please support this game."
,Recommended,440900,29700325,Posted: 4 February,all,DrYancey,"Great game so far, still needs bug fixes but they seem to be patching pretty often which is a good sign."
,Recommended,440900,29700486,Posted: 4 February,all,Fluff Alpaca,"The amount of negative reviews show how little people fully understand what you are paying for when you buy into an alpha/early access product.Understand that you are buying into the developer, basically donating to help support the development of the game you are purchasing with the respect that you can have the latest updates of the product they are creating. That being said, they can abandon at any point, as we all saw with stomping lands. There is no actual obligation to complete the game other than pure dedication and promise.Once you understand that, you can then assess your pointless arguements about how you feel cheated because you paid money for something that is unplayable in YOUR opinion and how you feel you deserved more from your money.Wait for the game to be completed and released, then buy it for that price.The devs released the game to streamers so people could see what they were buying into before you paid almost an entire day ahead of schedule. It was laggy and broken then, what made you think it was going to be any different for you when thousands of people are logging in instead of just 10 or so.These developers have updated every single day, 2-3 times a day since release. That is dedication.They are on reddit everyday posting and reading and asking questions to help better their game for everyone.Currently, content is there least focus because they are trying to get the game playable for the people that bought it, fixing what they already have before releasing more into the game to break it further.They dropped the server service they were using to help find one that can better support our needs even if that means paying more on their end now that we have donated money to the developer to help support that expense.This stuff isn't cheap at all.Also to all you saying ark mod. Ark was no where near the first survival game/building game. Ark was made following rust's deisgn. Ark didn't use a game engine they created they used unreal as conan exiles is using as well, so in the terms of graphics and how things tend to look are going to be very similar.Lastly, its you, the communities fault they released this game the way it is, begging for access to an unfinished product.They already delayed the release once.Quit crying and play something else until this game updates further. Its not like you are going to have saved progress anyways because of the major updates that will cause servers to have to wipe. Until the game releases, don't♥♥♥♥♥♥on something that isn't yet finished. Instead how about offering suggestions and bug/crash reporting to make the game move closer to release quicker and give the developers more time to focus on adding new and better features to make the game more broad and unique."
,Recommended,440900,29643676,Posted: 1 February,all,👑Duzbee | PUBGBets.net,"This game has the most potential of all games in it's genre. In the second day of early access is far superior to how Ark was at the beginning and some parts of the this game, like UI, is much better than Ark's. Finally a survival game with a decent framerate and an UI which doesn't look like it was drawn by 5 yo's. The only major problem is that at it's current state you can't play on servers with more than 20 people online, but this is something which is going to be fixed in the next update.Pros:- Much better UI than Ark's- A decent amount of content for the second day of early access- The best character customization in it's genre- Really nice and simple building system- You can fast repair your items or craft more items of a type just by pressing the button of your hotbar where you have placed the item (very useful, extremly useful in combat)- Simple and fun farming system- Everything is user-friendly in general and it doesn't have too much content than needed, like Ark has- Full nudity option, I like full nudity option (I recommend you to put the breast size just a bit lower than maximum, some people find them too big)- Doesn't have dinos, I hate dinosCons:- You can't play on servers over 20 people online without having huge lag problems (took me 10 minutes to kill a goat because it was teleporting and after all of that I only got bones and skin and in the end I died of starvation)- Really buggy sometimes, crashes when joining a server happens really often (devs said they will fix that in the next patch)I really can't find more cons, but these 2 are really major problems and dealbreakers for a lot of people and the main reasons why this game has overall mixed reviews. But devs said they will fix most of the lag problems in the next update.I think it is the best survival game launched in early access."
,Recommended,440900,29612069,Posted: 31 January,all,Kyuubi,"many people seem t forget it is early access and become angry at bugs and server issues, as a vetran of many mmo beta's i was pepared, and also made sure to remember what i was getting into. i had some issues at first but after some trouble shooting i have been playing.... took me 10 minutes of not ♥♥♥♥♥ing that servers were not appearing to fix it. over all my play experience has been great. using a rp server i have already partied up with some randos and we are woking our way towards conquest. if you dont like dealing with issues that are quite the norm for EA and Betas then this isnt for you, but gameplay wise its been great and with some patience its well worth it. if you dont want to deal with the buggy servers maybe just wait a week or two to pick it up."
,Recommended,440900,29616287,Posted: 31 January,all,PoePea,"Nearlly 7 hours in and ive got to say im enjoying it. Imagine the play style of Rust with the visuals of Ark. Its optomised well im running it on Ultra on my 980 with an unbroken 60 fps. There was few lag and server issues, a lot of these were patched in the update today. Tons to do at the moment, with loads to craft and very time consuming in a pleasurable way. Tons more to be added, Gods, Kingdoms and Slave Armies.Dont read the negatives from the little boys who have played for less than an hour and didnt know what they were doing. These fan boys of Ark purposley go out of their way to crap on other games.The game is in day one of Alpha and has always been advertised as this, how can you insult a game in day one of Alpha for performance issues? Its like buying a car with 2 wheels and saying well i cant drive it.Is it worth £26.99? I think time will tell, I generally dont like to buy alpha games at launch for anything more than £15 but considering this is a Conan product they have spent money on getting the title and branding so you have to expect to pay more. Lots of servers and lots of players online, you wont be buying a dead game.I look forward to whats in store and feel there is going to be lot added in the coming months, considering the devs want it in Beta by January 2018!"
,Recommended,440900,29617807,Posted: 31 January,all,OH10,"Early Accesslooks nice, runs great.AI and AGRO need a little work but you can jump in, explore hunt and fight.The visuals are great. The buildings, creatures, plants, and animals...along with the blood and gore, are exactly what I expected from Funcoms Conan setting.Even in SP mode you will find several creatures to fight and interact with. NPC's still need some work.The game can be as hard or easy as you desire. You can set up your own sp server how you like, There are many settings you can tweek to suit your playstyle.The claims of ""unplayable"", ""pre alpha"" and the like are b/s imo or related to the individuals pc or server. My set up is 1.5 years old.8core AMD 835016gig ramr9 270 cardNo crashes so far, no studders or rubberbanding at all.running in medium and high mix of settings, have not tried ultra yet.As an early release it is leaps beyond the state of rust at launch  and similar to where ark was after release in reguards to playability.Worth the price and fun to play."
,Recommended,440900,29673714,Posted: 3 February,all,禁 N U T O,"There is huge amount of potential in here, just let it grow away from bugs a little. That's what an early access is for."
,Recommended,440900,29911754,Posted: 13 February,all,Addiction,"Pro's- VERY in depth gameplay.- Wide range of building mats and items to build.- Graphics are amazing.- Sandbox ability is really impressive. (items are easily attainable at higher levels if you lose them resulting from death)Con's- Load in for large bases can sometimes take a long time (20-30seconds to load)- Random lag spikes.- Community can be short sighted.* a further explanation is needed to understand this. People seem to only view the first 30 minutes of this game and then not play it any futher. This game has a VERY indept game play that requires you to actually put a little bit of effort to it.Summary - If you buy it, play it for a few days, I doubt you'd say you have wasted your money. I took the risk because a friend of mine decided to give it a shot.... It's been 3 days now, and I haven't played anything else."
76561198008716160,Recommended,440900,29674005,Posted: 3 February,all,SkullCrusher,Take great elements from Rust and Ark and combine it with the world of Conan.Be sure to temper your expectations since this is early access. If you come into it with that attitude you'll have a great time.
,Recommended,440900,29633365,Posted: 1 February,all,♥Nightcore♥,"Has potential, Has alot of content. BUT... PVP servers are chaos, nothing like the trailers. people dont make rules, and they dont follow rules. Server hosting costs cash (what the ♥♥♥♥? really?). CO-OP seems to be with just invites.. yet allows 100 people... main things they need to improve, combat system, show a list of players by pressing tab or something, allow host to boot, mute, or ban people, as long as the reason is fair. allow servers to be made for FREE to allow people making their own worlds with actual people joining. and last of all, higher natural XP rate. i dont wanna harvest for 2 hours to get to maybe some light leather armor, and then die to some random beast. just to have some other random dude steal my♥♥♥♥♥♥while i respawn"
76561197984094886,Recommended,440900,29865659,Posted: 11 February,all,Dooby85,Join server pvp carnage fresh 2/12  4x all no instacraft and great server no lag.
76561198046034684,Recommended,440900,29865828,Posted: 11 February,all,Wahooka,"So far, i like ths game. it is buggy as heck and only 1/2 finnished, but i do not care! Everything i hear sounds good, but it is not suited for the loin wulf."
76561198360090364,Recommended,440900,29865814,Posted: 11 February,all,PatGat,"I ran to a lake to grab water and an alligator literally chased me until I had to log off. I would have stayed and fought it, but I had just spawned in and had nothing besides the bottle of water you start with. Also, it's a bit laggy right now. If you've played Ark on console, then you know what I'm talking about. It has potential and I'm excited for when it's not encountering these issues as badly later in the future, but I wouldn't personally buy it as of RIGHT now. Granted, it is still really new, so I'm not super surprised. Just decided that since I'm going to get it eventually, I might as well get it and be able to keep up in my own opinion with how it's doing.Overall, I recommend it, just in the future.-PatGat"
76561198054847995,Recommended,440900,29871195,Posted: 12 February,all,Cali,I love it graphics on ultra is awesome one of the best everDefinitely recommend one of the best games I played and the best survival game up to dateKeep in mind it's still early access !! Imagine full game
,Recommended,440900,29600247,Posted: 30 January,all,Badtank,"10/10. An Age Undreamed Of, most of these reviews are by the ARK devs who are obviously paying people to trash their comptetion. One guy sells DLC in EA the other game has a♥♥♥♥♥♥scale slider, I think you know what's better."
76561198050491722,Recommended,440900,30350181,Posted: 5 March,all,Zrebel,This guys is addictive for the first hundred hours! But then it just gets really boring!
76561197979059225,Recommended,440900,29693149,Posted: 4 February,all,Zode,GREAT GAME way better  start then ark had
76561198053486643,Recommended,440900,29922765,Posted: 14 February,all,John Smith,"You can 'Survive. Build. Dominate' with the game in it's current state.Though hopefully it'll be on much grander, smoother running, and more complete world to come in the future.Only trouble I've encountered is stuttering sometimes when entering combat with multiple foes. Nothing like hovering over the keyboard waiting for the game to come out of it's freeze to let me dodge or swing at an enemy. But it's an infrequent occurance.Another combat problem that is more frequent is non-responsive hotkeys. I'll be on my pick or axe and get attacked. Hit the key to bring up a sword or bow and instead nothing happens. The game is still responsive and I can run away, or stand there getting nibbled to death by a hyena for 10-20 seconds before the weapon decides to equip itself.Crazy spawns in caves, though I think it may be tied to my next problem.Instant respawns. I've had numerous times now where I'll take down a mob and it instantly respawns. It doesn't always happen, but it's happened enough to kill me in two different caves and surprise me when they pop up full of health and attacking me from behind. Croooom!So far it's pretty fun in single-player, and I've only started with messing around with thralls. Can't wait to see where this game goes!Worth the buy."
76561197992696800,Recommended,440900,29649757,Posted: 2 February,all,zionLion,"This game has huge potential. There is already a lot of content for a game that went into early access a couple of days ago. I remember when other games like Rust and ARK came out there was nowhere near the amount of content. Yes, there are server and lag issues but this is to be expected for the beginning phases of a game that just came out for the public to start playing prior to its completion. Funcom is fully engaged with the community and is listening to our feedback which I think will cause this game to stick around for the long haul."
,Recommended,440900,29861512,Posted: 11 February,all,Altan,would refund again leeelXDDDDDDDDDDDDDdddddddddddddddddddddd
,Recommended,440900,29860704,Posted: 11 February,all,CHOKING HAZARD,Like ArkBut not trash like Ark...
76561197987149283,Not Recommended,440900,30393078,Posted: 8 March,all,123,"Fun game - ruined by Exploiters and Community and will likely die within the next couple months.The game is on its own quite funny. However don't ever play on Official servers. Those are ruined by Exploiters and Funcom does not take any steps against them, so they can basically do whatever they please.Don't bother looking in the Forums or the official Subreddit if you want to voice Critic or controverse Feedback. Those are swarmed by disgusting Fanboys who cannot stomach criticism towards the game and the developers. The absurdity goes so far that Cheaters are hailed as if they were official product testers and people who rightfully expect them to get banned will only get insulted by mentally ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ fanboys.All of this will likely lead to the game dying of the cancer which are the cheaters and a community who does neither recognize this much or care."
,Recommended,440900,30098086,Posted: 22 February,all,gnomeflop,"What a beautiful game!I didn't want to log off last night, I just wanted to continue exploring, killing and building (I will of course continue my adventure this evening, after I finish work and other rl commitments).My PCMSI GT72VR 7RE Dominator Pro 17.3"" Full-HD 120Hz, Intel Core i7-7700HQ, 16GB, 256GB SSD + 1TB HDD, GeForce GTX 1070 8GBGFXI was notified on startup that I had an outdated GPU driver with known issues. I ignored this warning because I was eager to play. I should've just taken the time to update the driver though because behold, after 30 mins or so my GPU crashed. After updating the driver I've had no problems.The game world is just beautiful. I love the stylized graphics, I personally always would chose stylized over ""realistic"" mind you, it's a fantasy world after all. Timeless. The music is epic, it sets the mood from the start with promises of a great adventure.GameplayYou've been left to die on a cross in the Exiled Lands. Conan himself casually strolls by and cuts you down, I was just starstruck and unable to speak to him, I guess that's why he just left me there, to survive on my own. Oh well :) The first thing you need to do is find water and food, so there's pretty much just one way to go - to the river. Gathering is easy, press and hold E as you walk. I picked up some insects and I ate them. With branches and stone collected from the ground I could craft a crude Stone Pick, which I used to kill some turtles and collect wood and bark from trees and stone from rocks. You gain the first levels quite easily, and the levelling system allows you to place skill points in different stats and also unlock crafting recipes. With enough wood and stone I could build my first shelter. When it gets dark at night, it gets really dark, so be sure you craft a torch and you'll need a campfire to cook your food. So when you got your basics covered, food, water and shelter, and your delicate body parts covered by some light armour, now you're ready to explore and fight to survive, build and dominate the world.The world is already inhabited by dangerous creatures and npcs. Npcs you can capture and break to make them work for you and protect your base! There's quite a lot of content actually, considering this is early in Early Access. Mobs are aggroed from afar, and some come in great packs. It can be a challenge to play solo. I play together with a friend and it's easier, and of course heaps more fun experiencing the game together with others!Combat and AI needs more tuning, which I'm quite sure Funcom knows and are working on.The building system is amazing.So is crafting.You play single player or invite a friend to co-op on your own system or play multiplayer on official or private servers.It's Early Access yes, and I'm perfectly fine with donating a few bucks to see this game reach completion (the entertainment value of the game has already recouped my expense imho). And I'm perfectly fine with recommending it to anyone, as long as they all know what Early Access means. Everything is subject to change, there are bugs, it's not finished yet etc etc.Conan Exiles is an Open World Survival Sandbox game with vast potential. I'm really enjoying it and I'm looking forward to see what the future holds."
76561197971091146,Recommended,440900,30309158,Posted: 3 March,all,=(eG)=™ Agent Clockwork,Cant't wait for the full release!
76561198034820408,Recommended,440900,30014034,Posted: 18 February,all,TNT247,"Great game. After playing Ark since it came out and seeing it go downhill, this game is a refresher. Conan already has some mechanics that are a lot better than Arks and the game is only getting better."
,Recommended,440900,29813133,Posted: 9 February,all,Nevimir,"Don't understand the hate for the game whatsoever, bugs aren't nearly as horrifying as people like to make out and the speed they are patching them bugs out is great, very very enjoyable gameplay so far."
76561198199789653,Recommended,440900,29646493,Posted: 2 February,all,Cyber,Really cool game! The laggy servers are annoying but i really love the gameplay!
76561198182007825,Recommended,440900,29646727,Posted: 2 February,all,Pritty Pastie,great potential... but rubber banding all over
76561198066207718,Recommended,440900,29716418,Posted: 5 February,all,Wolf,"Conan exiles, iv been following this game for a while now, watching streams, reading info, hyping myself up. The hype was indeed well placed, it's brutal, it's gory, there's boobs, mythic beasts. There is cool building system, amazing character animations and looks, the map is very cool. And for conan fans this is a little slice of heaven, if you can look past the bugs,  and the current lag this game is a gem. This game has a mass amount of potential. And I'm really excited to see where funcom take it, the devs so far have been working tirelessly to fix the teething issues and Oh boy if they continue, I can see a large amount of my free time, well... not so free. A reminder, this is early access. There is bug there is lag, but imo this game is brilliant."
76561198057309553,Recommended,440900,29648254,Posted: 2 February,all,Mr. Bong,"It's not bad, just not great yet. I see it has a whole lot of promise and more so than Ark in it's beginning.I have not got very far into the game yet and only played single player thus far.I find using weapons feels weird like you really gotta get close to hit anything and just does not feel right in first person like the FOV is weird or something.The game is very challenging and hard to get started and very easy to get killed by just about anything bigger than a turtle, stamina drains quick and I am not overly impressed with construction just yet.I have only put a bunch of foundations down with stairs going up to an entrance and a roof over the top of it as a basic sandstone house by some water so I can drink whenever I need but no windows that I have seen so far and no angled roof tops, I believe I have seen them in screenshots though but it takes a long time to really get a few techs going as levelling up after a few levels seems to take a really long time.The gore looks really nice but seems to be random. If you kill the enemy by chopping at their legs, their head can fall off instead and weird stuff like that I have noticed.The way human NPC's seem to move from a distance is strange too, they kinda slide along the ground until they get a certain distance from you and then their legs start moving.I think if the dev's for this game work hard on making it a great game it could be better than Ark but so far I would say Ark is the smoother game only next to impossible to enjoy online due to mega tribes unless you know someone that owns their own private server which isn't full of dudes with nothing better to do then hunt noobs or grief your stuff while you are offline and single player for Ark is much more boring than what Conan can be, the human NPC's are going to change the ball game a bit, I hope they become more interesting and can actually build structures of their own and wandering NPC would be interesting too a bit like The Forest tribals. You could just have a group of NPC's turn up and attack your camp/village.I also hope the dev's put in a simple branch and fiber hut or something you can build from the beginning too."
76561198009809858,Recommended,440900,29648291,Posted: 2 February,all,Madan123,I like ARKS new conan expansionWhat could be better than punching trees?Choosing my junk size10/10... inches
76561197993559117,Recommended,440900,29717221,Posted: 5 February,all,Mentalt,Really good considering its early access! Love that the developers are so in touch with the community and putting out patches and fixes so quick. I recommend it!!
,Not Recommended,440900,29606001,Posted: 31 January,all,Warwick,"I have over one hour in the game but the funny thing is NONE and i mean NONE of that is gameplayI have been stuck in the menus andsuch when i make my character it loads me in to an offline world and says lost connection to the server at the top at its current stae its not worth it, but dont be so fast wait it out for a couple days and I am certin the developers will have it sorted, You have to remember its early access and other games like this (ARK) had the same issues at the begining just give it some time."
76561198026450599,Recommended,440900,30395003,Posted: 8 March,all,Sarversauce,"Some things need to happen in this game, or else it'll fail.Base Decay, otherwise, players can spam Foundations and there will be no places to settle after Day 1.This game is pretty cool, even for being in a developmental build.The team developing this game has HUGE plans, which means lots of features. Lots of little ""Ins and Outs"". What's awesome is watching giant beast meander around and eat very large animals.  Visually, it's done well, so far, even for not being optimized.I'm not big on the Survival Games, example: I hated ARK, and Rust is a pile of junk. However, this game has HUGE potential.Just wait on it. It feels like it's going to get better."
,Recommended,440900,30150620,Posted: 24 February,all,Laerun | NoNonsenseGaming.net,"Going to give my 2 cent review of the game thus far. I've logged in about 160 hours at this point, I bought the game the day it came out. Since it's release the devs have already launched numerous patches fixing many of the troubling issues with this early access game. They have been on top of bugs and exploits better than the Ark crew, and seem very dedicated to their game. Speaking of Ark, if you liked Ark you'll probablly like this game. It has very similar mechanics while giving us just enough of it's own twist to make it different.The positives:- Game world is varried and map well thought out.- building system is already ahead of Ark and eaiser to work with- Graphicly pleasing- Runs well enough on a modest system, very well for a beefy rig-Challenging, in a good survival sort of way.The Negatives:- Buggy, but then ya.... early access- Animations are lacking and some are downright ugly- Combat system needs heavy work- Not a ton of things to do at this point- No mounts (yet)All things considered I am going to reccommend this game, even in it's current unfinished state. I do agree that the current early access price is a little steep, especially considering how much content there is compared to a game like Ark. But if you are burnt out from the Ark and are looking for a new survival game that's similar yet differentiates itself enough to make it new, then look no further."
76561198013907594,Recommended,440900,34083607,Posted: 7 August,all,Psyko,"I do kinda enjoy playing this game, though it is in early development and hasn't worked out performance issues or bugs.  Here's my main gripe about it, it's not that the game isn't fun or full of bugs cuz it is on both accounts.  I do play single player though.  However the main gripe is why on earth would you announce an ""expansion"" coming while the game is still in early access and hasn't been in development mode yet?  Why not call it what it is, a big patch to the game.  This description of ""expansion"" implies that the game is out of development and a full release.  If that was the case, it is one buggy piece of crap for a full release.  A fun game with expected bugs for development process."
,Recommended,440900,29712962,Posted: 5 February,all,AnnihilaSEAN89,"Loving this so far.  Not been much into the surival games thus far, but this has impressed me good.  Looks good, and runs very well.  Considering it's early access I have yet to come across any major game-breaking bugs."
,Recommended,440900,29921380,Posted: 14 February,all,Dr.Bear,buy this game!!!
,Recommended,440900,29629818,Posted: 1 February,all,Malps,"Early Access game, i'd ignore all the typical ""omg fix this game"" reviews.Yes it has bugs, but what game doesn't these days?Even with the bugs though (there is a few to say the least), i'm still laughing and enjoying the game, it's hilarious chopping someone in half, taking thralls, chasing people. It's all pretty fun, the lag has pretty much gone, with the exception of some spikes here and there.The crafting is more in depth than i thought, which was a pleasant surprise. The combat is fluid and the AI (when they aint clunky and silly) can be challenging in groups.TL:DROverall i'd say if you're a big fan of survival crafty games and understand the game is in development as you play, then grab it, especially with friends. If you want a finished and polished game, i'd wait like a year or something."
,Recommended,440900,29748373,Posted: 6 February,all,olan231,"Alright, so, I don't write reviews.  Let me keep this a bit short and sweet...  Looking aside from the fact that the game is in early access, and there are a lot of bugs, the game is very enjoyable.  I have come from playing Ark, and the game is, well, I guess you could say a reskinned version of Ark.  Same style of building (Kind of), you level and you get points to learned new building recipes, you ""tame"" thralls.  However, this game does do what it has so far, fairly well.  The game is updated daily, if not twice a day, adding new items, continual bug fixing, stability, etc.So, if you can look away from some of the bugs, I would definately recommend this game."
76561198059428122,Recommended,440900,29748425,Posted: 6 February,all,Reikbrand,"A fun game to play with a group of friends, still in early access but it is looking promising,"
,Recommended,440900,29625206,Posted: 1 February,all,Mortem,"I like it. But I can see why many will not. If you hate survival games, stay away, If you hate ark, RUst and other games stay away. This is very similiar.  So far It runs pretty smooth but It crashes allot. I manage to play a bit and combat is clunky It's better then combat in other games. But Still. Hit detection and stuff needs work. Still I can see this becoming one of the best survival games in no time if they keep this up.About the game:You wake up as a guy with nothing typical thing. And start collecting items. To craft and survive.Pros:Story elements, Notes and drawings and statues tell story.Map: Its big and full of ruins and known landmarks so it feels alive.Creatures: Plenty of creatures. What so ever of all sorts.Character creation: Enough to make something good.Cons:It laggs like ♥♥♥♥ on most servers. High ping can push you to teleport all over the place, And on good ping servers similar stuff happens.Creatures dont got much to them then a running animation and attack. Nothing but hp and how much dmg they do that make them stand out. so far.Combat has no blocky, no parry. nothing Just swing and block if you got a shield. So it gets boring.verdict:I say wait.. give it a month and see where it goes."
76561197974343349,Recommended,440900,34355899,Posted: 19 August,all,Blackbard,I enjoyed the game when playing PVE with a group of friends. We have stoped playing the game while we wait for more depth to arrive. This has the promise to be a great game!
,Recommended,440900,34348740,Posted: 19 August,all,tersse,"i have 69 hours in the first early release, i found it entertaining if a bit unstable, and losing all my progress as servers disapeared for days or weeks at a time was disapointing to say the least, the new update seams a lot better and ill be giving it a whirl some time soon, i think it looks to be going down a good path and recomend you return if you have it already or buy it now with a view to enjoying what looks like a great game."
,Recommended,440900,34350415,Posted: 19 August,all,B_Gunner,"This game is AWESOME. It does have some flaws, They are to be expected with Early Access though. I look forward to the games release early next year!"
76561197987101678,Recommended,440900,34331701,Posted: 18 August,all,Shataka,"Conan Exiles had a rough start but man is this a very good game nonetheless. It changed a lot over time and FC added a TON of stuff. The new content and combat overhaul is very nice and twitchy/responsive, new loot table for NPCs and chests allows you to live exclusively off plundering, scavenging and exploration now too which is awesome and makes looting/exploring epic at last and having a base entirely optional.The no running with weapons out is controversial but the more you play and the more you understand why it's a smart change. PvP is very engaging and tactical as well as raiding/building. Most gripe/bad reviews you will see of the game aside of long patched bugs is the legions of solo players who don't understand how hardcore PvP survival works and can't handle dying and getting raided.I have DnL and Citadel and I still think Conan is by far the best fantasy survival game out there."
76561198362402944,Recommended,440900,31008285,Posted: 7 April,all,Xxlazy~KingxX,I love the game so far keep up the good work steam :3
,Recommended,440900,31009425,Posted: 7 April,all,ChaoxAngel,"It was a good experience, I am amongst the first people to start playing on the day of launch, it runs smoothly and faster than what ark was doing at that time while being very pretty to look at at 3440 x 1440 resolution. Though doesn't mean it is not buggy, but overall it's still good and rather smooth, and that was before all these fixes started to appear, which they have been quite consistent in doing it.I recommend that people who have bought this game - just let it sit for a while - and have the patches and fixes and additional content show up in sufficient quantities before going back to it."
,Recommended,440900,34111650,Posted: 8 August,all,itDoesntMatter,Nice game. Can't wait for the update.
,Recommended,440900,30883353,Posted: 1 April,all,Nathan the Mad,I have run a server from release and it was a right nightmare. the population has fallen away toxicplayers/admin and the early server issues.Now thats out of the way this game has a lot of potential and if the devs stick to what they said they will add on full release this will be one of the top Survival games. The grind is not as bad as some of the other games of this type and all content is subject to change or adjustment so no point commenting on that even tho they have sorted most/all of the bugs out.its still a good game where the enviroment tries to kill you just as much as players. i like this game and always will you will get a flux in population as new games are released but most of the actual problems seam to be with toxic servers and Badmin (bad admin).
76561198124858072,Recommended,440900,30877534,Posted: 1 April,all,TrivialGull,its a fun game with good ideas the severs are fine now and the stuff the game gives you to play with is fun and new in ways so if ur lookinmg fore a new game and like rust/ark then this will be a good game for you.
,Recommended,440900,30161890,Posted: 25 February,all,Schnitzeldienstsklave,"A game kinda compareable to ARK but still completly different from style mechanics and more, shortly said it's great fun and i recommend to buy it if u got atleast a medium-performance pc and some friends to play it with!Beware: It's still early access and might have some problems that need to be fixed and things to be added"
,Recommended,440900,31005634,Posted: 7 April,all,breakbeatnik,"Great game, prolly the best survival mmo I've tested. Run smoothly on my low/med specs laptop. Fast servers, great cinematics and awsome overall gaming experiencePROSGreat mood, crafting, hunting, and gfxCONSstill under development, so there is not much content for now."
76561198023083763,Recommended,440900,30970752,Posted: 5 April,all,Aerion,"It will be a lot of fun when its complete. Right now its only fun to mess around a little. There are too many bugs to play it to its fullest. PVP is no fun, either its hackers or gods destroying everything, just not fun.  PvE.  too many glitches loosing structures, or mobs respawn so fast that you cant explore any dungeons/caves.The base is there though, really atmospheric and engaging, just needs more work to be a worthwhile investment. So will recommend it with the caveat that it ""will"" be great once fixed."
76561198005774899,Not Recommended,440900,30684889,Posted: 23 March,all,3 Laws Safe,"this game is fun, but the serious raiding issues that the devs have decided to leave as is are a little too annoying for new players. got some tweaking yet before its ready in my opinion, but if you're waiting for the raid issue to be fixed dont. The dev team seem to have decided the group that believes its problematic are outliers and unimportant.great potential, just needs a lot of tuning still. Lastly, the combat system is alright at best but in no way feels good due to current lag and optimization issues(not that 1p is amazing in any sense)."
,Recommended,440900,30972435,Posted: 5 April,all,Mr.,"I'll say I stopped playing for now because of limitations, but other than that my experience was amazing. From what I can tell people are having your run of the mill open world survival problems, but those of us who are used to these issues know the workarounds.Give it some time if your unsure, it is kinda rough. If you have the passion for swinging a pick and rapid tapping e then destroying your foes then the game is rewarding.The big sell point for me as a builder was the building mechanics, I loved building massive T1-T2 structures stretching along the mountains, building grand staircases taking a good 5 minutes to sprint up... It's the best so far to me in games similar to this.I would say this game should give you 30-40 hours of entertainment if your a pvp/hunter type player, 100 hours if your a builder."
76561198014010906,Not Recommended,440900,30647097,Posted: 20 March,all,djrobertjohnson,It's just wayyyy to buggy to ask for 30 dollars at this point.
,Not Recommended,440900,30760723,Posted: 26 March,all,h0bbez,"Game has great potential but it has the same probably as rust did in its early days. IE Chinese hackings squads glitching through your doors/walls,besides that theres a bunch of tiny bugs you will often run into, like not be able to place or build anything. Id give it a few months to a year before some of these problems are hammered out. ( only about 20 hours)"
,Recommended,440900,34365318,Posted: 19 August,all,🎃 Cabron Pendejo 🎃,this game is perfect!!! can t believe that it is early access!! the sprinting that put weapons away is incredible!! adds some skill in the game and at last i can easylly kill players with my arrows now!!! skill 1     spammers 0 noobs!!!!   the heat system needs some balancing!! and solo or pve is boring... u never need to defend your base... at least in pvp u are chased by players and then u lure them to your base and take them out one by one....  i totally recomend this game solo or friends whatever u like it s very good....  just be aware of it 's  perfomance in medium to high i have some lag spikes but nothing serius... but even a little higher the game is totally unplayable!!! for me 9.5/10
,Recommended,440900,34519264,Posted: 26 August,all,coltonvon,can't wait for this to go full release!lots of potential and room to improve in it's current early access state.it's looking awesome so far!keep up the good work.
,Recommended,440900,30688649,Posted: 23 March,all,Toygrubin,"Fun game. They need to add more admin options to allow Clans control over who in the clan can break objects or interact with certain things. If we invite a recruit to the clan and they turn out to be a bad egg, we don't want them running around breaking all our structures or looting us clean when our backs our turned."
76561197961042129,Recommended,440900,30819934,Posted: 29 March,all,TrophyHusband,"Is the game fun? Yes. Is it a full and complete experience? Not yet. Is it playable? Definitely. Is it perfect? No. Does it have issues? Yes. Is the game in Early Access? Yes.... It seems that people expect a fully functioning product along with instant fixes to bugs, exploits, or whatever they feel is messing up their experience of what is an incomplete game. The game has great potential and is improving week-by-week. Give it a chance.If you enjoy exploration in a Conan world. If you enjoy the challenge of survival in a harsh environment, by that I mean, crocodiles. If you like to build complex structures using a system with a wide variety of tools and materials, then Conan Exiles is right up your alley.If you dont like bugs, exploits, glitches and a-not-fully-functiong world and environment, which is expected of an Early Access game...then don't buy it, yet.The developers are actively involved and aggressively working to make the game better and better.The time I have spent in the game I have enjoyed, it is not perfect (far from it), but I knew that going in."
76561198032720716,Recommended,440900,34509592,Posted: 26 August,all,hardon433,"good game, well worth playing"
,Recommended,440900,31085675,Posted: 11 April,all,LennyClimax,I really enjoy this game and I love how often the developers are updating the game and bringing new items and enemies. It has evolved a lot from day 1 and think it is going to be a good game despite everything else FunCom has made in the past. If you are not able to handle having your items disapear for no apparent reason or get kicked from a server for a server update and then lose all your hard day of work then dont play during the Early Access. If you would like to support this game despite its flaws during early access get this game! I enjoy it even though there are many set backs during early access games yet this is one out of many early access games I have purchased that I keep coming back to and wont uninstall. I am a little disapointed they released the game for early access at $30USD and now after they have fixed and added many things they are releasing it for 10% off and nothing for people who purchased at a higher price but that is the gaming world we live in today.
76561198038750451,Recommended,440900,29626415,Posted: 1 February,all,MemeMeister2001,"You can ajust your♥♥♥♥♥♥♥length, now I can finally compromise.+1"
76561198148615580,Recommended,440900,29963215,Posted: 16 February,all,CaptSpaulding2,It's starting to get better!
76561198334510858,Recommended,440900,29700264,Posted: 4 February,all,DeathReaperGoneMad ProGamer4Life,This Game is awesome but I cant play on a co-op server and my friend cant join me.
76561198040124501,Recommended,440900,29801874,Posted: 9 February,all,Artemisium,"My first ever review...Ok, Early access game, so that means that it will not be 100% working or finished, bugs remain, mechanics not yet place, balancing to be finalised and everything else associated with that stage of development (essentially open beta).Pluses.Nice customisation options when creating your character (including some for those who want bragging rights....) - process is straight forward and simple.Graphics - very good overall so far.Crafting - simple to do, simple to use, for major projects can be grindy to collect all the materials. But... you decide how epic you want your place, or places, to be.Combat - currently simpleHomestead/castle/shack/shed/villa/bungalow/mansion - absolutely freeform building possibilities.NeutralsCharacter development - not particularly complex and all toons have to follow the same paths (religions offer some small differences between them, but my knowledge of this aspect is not comprehensive enough to offer anything  other than that).PoorSurvival is extremely tough at the start, unless you have read up on what you need to do before playing the game (not many people do this. This was my first 'survival' genre game, so perhaps others will not get this impression).My expected list of improvements as the game develops from Early Access to 'Complete, but future expansions/additions to follow'.1) Some servers are suffering from rollbacks that wipe out a large portion of your progress,or all or all of it, which is extremely frustrating. Note, not all servers have this issue, so something in the setup is screwing it up, but from looking at that part myself it certainly does not seem straightforward an issue to solve,2) Game map - to me appears too small for the clan environments to develop fully - too many people squashed into too small an area. Again, early days and players do need a homestead very early on, so this may disappear as time passes.3) Small irritations like not able to move items (eg storage boxes) once placed, but not including buildings in that!I do recommend this but with the 'early access' heavily underlined - if the unfinished aspects annoy you, then post constructive comments as feedback to the developers not whinges please :)"
,Recommended,440900,34380129,Posted: 20 August,all,Sneaks,"The game in my opinion is good. I have not really had any issues. None that I wouldnt expect from a game in Alpha. It does have bugs, but all Alpha games do. Its a hell of a lot better than some of the other crap out there such as  H1z1 just survive. The building mechanics in Conan are great. The NPcs needs alittle work, graphically it looks fantastic. buy it, play it, you dont like it return it."
,Recommended,440900,30052557,Posted: 19 February,all,Thiil-,"Great value for moneyYes, it has bugs, but they're being ironed out in pretty big patches, which is great - for players and server admins alike.Looking forward to seeing the game progress.For comparison, Conan Exiles is 400% more stable than Ark was at EA launch, and a lot of features already implemented, that Ark introduced after 3-4 months.Can recommend"
76561198064773615,Not Recommended,440900,30263003,Posted: 1 March,all,Pa'agrio,"Unbulanced as hell. Either you go 50 lvl and then start building a base or you are doomed to fail because other people are 50 before you thus resulting in owning you. No early game fun-pvp because if you are equipped with low gear you can do litteraly nothing against a well geared player with steel equipement etc. He has better gear than you. He has more attributes than you resulting in catching up to you and killing you. Stamina stat is cleary unbalanced when you arent in the same levels as the opponent.ULDIMATE LEFT CLICK SIMULATOR. minecraft kids this is the game for you to shine. If you like the sound of left click for eternity now is your chance. You wanna farm?? left click. You wanna pvp? left click. You wanna kill mobs-npcs? left click. NO SKILL DEPENTENT. The amount of left clicks in this game indicate how badass you are. MOAR left clicks=more farm=more levels=i am a skillful player now. No need to use higher brain activites. JUST LEFT CLICK dude.FLYING BASES-STABILLITY SYSTEM. Structural Attrocities and flying bases where you just remove a ladder and you are 100% raid-proof. Furthermore civil engineers should vomit from the construction physics of this game. Building foundations out of nowhere. 200m walls with no support just standing there.Gameplay failures: Npc camps and thralls are crucial for your production and your overall progress in the game. When some idiot builds a base close to those particular camps they block the respawn. So you cant farm for thralls anymore and you cant destroy the base because OFCOURSE ITS A FLYING BASE.I only played in community servers(officual servers almost never wipe except blitz-servers) because they wipe frequently so I can catch up with the nolifers who shallow adderal(a brain stimulant) and level up in 6-8 hours to max level.Admins there are fond of some people(propably friends of him) so these particular people are like jesus to the god-admin.You kill them? no problem, admin spawns equipement again and punish the attacker. You raid their base?(if possible, i told you flying bases are the way to go) admin does the job for them in raiding and vanish your base.Overall I can see this game has potential because of the concept. But again almost all early access games have good concept but bad implemetation. I can cut some slack for indie developers but this is a company from 90s with some games out. Threre are some bad game breaking issues in this game which indicate that it should never have been released today. It seems to me that this game has serious lack of mastering-experimenting process. We will see 6 months from now when I will install again this game again, but for the time beeing I give it a big NO."
76561198370291400,Recommended,440900,30353208,Posted: 6 March,all,SuperFly,"Very nice game!!!After playing well over 100 hours I'm amazed of the depth of the game. It is not just a survival game it is so much more. The best polished EA I've played. With Conan comes a rich lore. I'm excited of what the future holds for this game as it is still under development.Yes, it's EA and iy contains bugs. But I can live them and I have confidence that the developers will straighten them out over time. They patch very reguarly."
76561198038255221,Recommended,440900,30122561,Posted: 23 February,all,Scoggy,I love this game. If you find the right server you can have lots of fun.
76561197982843818,Recommended,440900,29636547,Posted: 1 February,all,TheVVhiteRabbit,"Excellent game for Early Access, far far better than Rust or Ark when they first launched!Pros:- Hilarious visuals- Beautiful- Combat is fairly fun- Kidnapping is great- Excellent launch compared to similar gamesCons:- Bugs, Exploits, Lag (All to be expected at first)- Slightly grindy (not really a bad thing, just needs to be tuned)- Could get boring after a few weeks (Updates will hopefully fix this)- Server Admin tools are non-existant as far as bans, kicks etc."
76561198364330623,Recommended,440900,29970490,Posted: 16 February,all,Zhuve,This game is 10/10 litttttt
76561198097882314,Recommended,440900,34311041,Posted: 17 August,all,Igor,"Great game, but this new intentional putting weapon/tools away while sprinting is crappy... please, put back the way it was! It is irritating."
76561198060707998,Not Recommended,440900,30254660,Posted: 28 February,all,Doomkarg,First off I have never felt the need to write a review for a game before. Second off ♥♥♥♥ this Game. I bought this game after spending 600 hours on ARK thinking this would be a nice shift.So I started out and wondered around and I couldnt help but notice a ton of buildings. I thought Sweet this is a super active server and I will have fun PVPing all day. I also noticed a huge lack of people running around. I thought this was because they may be offline or something. I walked up to a house to try and break in and help myself get strated. Except the base building structures in the game are immune to starting weapons. This... This is the first problem. See beacuse the structures are made of stone and cannot be destroyed by basic stuff It is causeing a problem. See fun sucking♥♥♥♥♥♥wads exploit this by building a single foundation in an area and this claims the land for them and makes it so you cannot build in the area. Hey thats great because you can have someone build a base in your base. The problem is that people are exploiting this and making it so you cant build anywhere in the starting areas. Which makes it impossible to start out. I ran around for my entire life looking for a place to plop a campfire down and i starved to death before I could find anywhere that was free. On top of that when I respawned I had the enjoyment of spawning inside a building foundation. Which was good because now I did not have to deal with trying to find I place. I found it. My new home was the inside this foundation where I stood with about 10 other bodies who could not get out.The game had a few bugs but nothing made it unplayable. The toxic mother ♥♥♥♥ers who want to make sure no one else gets to play on their server are the problem. Fix this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.
,Recommended,440900,30352208,Posted: 5 March,all,LOSSER69,recommend this game
,Recommended,440900,30285023,Posted: 2 March,all,Steph,"Being a survival game fan, I would have to give this 2 thumbs up, 3 if I had another hand and all the bugs were vanquished.The world is visually stunning and some of the physics are uncomparable to other games in the same genre, making this a top standout for me. Even with it's many flaws it is very playable and filled with enough content to keep you motivated for awhile. Although, making a base big enough to house all the amenities can be very time consuming and grindy, especially if you have ocd and something is out of place lol. Leveling is quite grueling as well, and enemies cut through you like butter, so be prepared to die, a lot. On a positive note, the thrall slaving is pretty awesome. One simply cannot have a base without a Leia looking dancer.All in all, as a pve player, I really enjoy the game and can't wait to see what the future holds."
76561198123218890,Recommended,440900,30271715,Posted: 1 March,all,KhyasTV,Even being in early access it provides many hours of fun. If they manage to polish and fix issues then this will be the game of the year 2017.
76561198089918202,Recommended,440900,29845613,Posted: 11 February,all,dooku703,The two best games in my library are Conan and ARK.
76561197994205030,Recommended,440900,29725476,Posted: 5 February,all,Pan,Yep.  Better than Ark.
,Recommended,440900,29959752,Posted: 16 February,all,Sedge,"It is a very good early-access/pre-alpha game. I've had numerous friends mock me for buying this game due to it being 'underdeveloped', 'glitchy' and so on. However, I can safely say this game is playable despite the fact it is still in early-access - It has some very unique mechanics and items, with insane replay value. Although the game is somewhat grindy and it takes time to progress within, it is very rewarding and gives you a sense of accomplishment once you do. Because making progress takes time, you actually start to appreciate your achievements more and more, you feel the need to protect them, you begin to reinforce your base, recruit thralls or players to aid you and I personally really enjoy that aspect of the game. I initially thought my base would get raided and I'd lose everything, I imagined that I would be constantly harassed by other players but that is not the case - it is very hard to raid someones base and steal their stuff. Overall I would recommend the game however the two main aspects that REALLY need work are the: AI/NPC's as well as the random frame-drops that occur quite commonly/server lag."
76561198053615786,Recommended,440900,29601261,Posted: 31 January,all,The Enabler,"Personally. Never been a huge Official server fan, never had or wanted that problem.I see tons of reviews hit rock bottom over official servers.They lag, Rubberbanding, Pvp issues. Can't commit the time. W/e.I usually run a personal server with 10-15 friends. we split, we fight, We kill eachother.While screaming over voice chat.That or run a wide community.This game is a really nice change over some others...I've managed to die once already, and made a home in a relative amount of time.Granted this was on single player.I was running 40-60Fps perfectly fine.Only problem 'so far' for me is any humanoid npcs or players would float aroundunless they were within 30ft or so, other than that seems fine to meBut for crying out loud... ITS EASure you can flip a coin, See if it lands into a decent game, or ends tails up trash.regardless I gave it a flip.And a good reviewMah SpecsGTX 960 2GBAMD FX 8350 8Core 4.0Ghz24GB Ram"
,Recommended,440900,34325179,Posted: 18 August,all,CuAgAu,"I enjoyed this game when it was first released, but stopped playing due to other commitments. Just returned with the release of the Frozen North... this game has come *such* a long way since release. It's not perfect--it's still an EA title, and lots of bugs come with that. But if you can handle a few quirks (sometimes big quirks) here and there, and you enjoy survival titles at all, this is a game worth putting money towards."
,Not Recommended,440900,30424203,Posted: 10 March,all,Emma Hendry,"Buy rust or arkMods in forum are deleting every post that dont side and favor the game and banning everyone and taking all freedom of speech and ridding our rights to even be upset in posts yep got to that point..This will be the talk in the future of a game people will poke at and talk about and laugh for years to comeFacts: they sold over a half a million copies yet only 3k people play and thats max in EA form they add content yes but every single patch ruined the base game in every shape and formno EA of this volume is this bad off and broken,either read the forum you have fanboys and kissup and mods admiting any thing you post that they feel is worth deleting by their standards will be and are paid off to cover up truths to boost sales..Once your ban by what you post or any means thats it..Read the web on this game sucks over 1/3 of reviews here are neg.over 90 percent of buyers dont even bother to review or post in forum..Fun wont address you to problems themselves instead the forum devs for the game and terrible mods running the community..For every deleted post more leave,more bans more leaves,more bugs less content broken base game and kiss ups..Need I say more9/5/17Still the same,lags and bugs with terrible controls also single player broken craft items dont show in inventory"
76561198086128898,Recommended,440900,29778557,Posted: 8 February,all,Rufro,Awesome game!
,Recommended,440900,29778564,Posted: 8 February,all,Gee Argh,This just might be the best sandbox/survival game ever made. Franks Boys for life.
76561198081440969,Not Recommended,440900,30368625,Posted: 6 March,all,Devil Djinn,"Early access review.No offical servers for quite some time in my region, forced to play on unoffical with strange settings and admin abuse unfortunatly.game looks promising, but cannot recommend in current state.too little content, huge exploits, and unbalanced, however, this is early access so this might change in the furure.game needed an extra few months before alpha release imho.will revisit in 2-4 months and update review accordingly."
76561198061725278,Recommended,440900,31083873,Posted: 11 April,all,Yoko,"Reading all these reviews makes me sick!""do not play multiplayer - hackers"" ""all the servers are♥♥♥♥♥♥- hackers"" ""admin is broken and unfair""I have a solution for you clearly, less gifted upstairs than most of us.Play Official Servers? There is no hacking, admin and multiple x gathering rates, just fair gameplay with the rules that were made by the devs.Onto the game, it's buggy as hell and in a poor state at the moment. This game could and I have high hopes for it being a great survival game but it's too broken as it stands. There are great concepts and the world is stunning on maximum graphics, but it's nowhere near done, not even halfway. If I had to catorgorise it I would say early alpha perhaps even pre alpha, but they needed the funds to continue making the game.I wont sully this title with another thumbs down as I had a blast on the offical servers and met some really nice people, but the gameplay is not ready for play - wait a few months.This will be amazing I'm sure, excited for final release!"
76561197960626849,Recommended,440900,30136475,Posted: 24 February,all,SharT Magician,"Conan Exiles offers many different servers, with different rules and mods.  Finding the right one for you is ideal to have fun.This review is based on pvp servers with xp and crafting multipliers since I don't want to have to farm all day.  Avatars can be turned off but I prefer them on.First the bad.  Some enemies path strangely, some npcs don't respawn if the server hasn't wiped clean after a recent bug fix, sounds bug out occasionally, game breaking exploits may still exist but a recent patch fixed most of them, some servers lag more than others, server crashes result in loading in dead or dying, some bases are unraidable except with gods.You start off naked, close by is an almost empty water jug.  You must make tools, and weapons, to survive, as well as scavenge for food.  Eventually you will build a base to craft better items and store things. But soon people will attack you or your base.You will die, you will lose everything but your level, if you're going to have fun you need to accept the inevitable. Non raid able bases can be made, but bugs, exploits, and gods will destroy them.  A pve server will also not allow this.Eventually you will find more creatures, humans, demons, and more to fight. As well as cities, caves, ruins, and more to explore.  Books and notes containing lore are spread out, as well as structures that speak lore to you.  Several npcs are located around that can talk to you, tell stories, and teach things. Humans can be found to enslave to make better gear, make things faster, or defend your base.This game had already received tons of updates to many bug fixes, and the future of this game is bright.  While no new content has arrived, it will come soon and the bug squashing is preferred.The game is worth the full price in its current state if you're looking to take your time exploring the map and creating a base and attacking others.  Even on pve servers there is much time to spend  before you get bored.If you are looking to invest 1000s of hours you may want to wait for some new content, but that can still be found on pvp servers.As a conan fan and survival game fan this is an easy buy, but I tried to leave my bias out of this review."
,Not Recommended,440900,29610800,Posted: 31 January,all,Ten Tron,-You can hear the entire server on voice comms during the character creator.  Very annoying.-Massive rubberbanding.-Massive lag.-Monsters/NPCs don't move proper.  They glitch and bug out.-Sometimes you get froozen in place for 2-3mins at a time.I know it's the first day but the game is unplayable for me.  I would wait a couple months before buying.  I feel like I was mislead because I watched a bunch of live streams before they launched it to the public and the game played smooth and looked good.   It wasn't until I joined a 70/70 server that I realized the game was unplayable.  So I joined a 30/30 server and the game played alittle better but not much.  I finally joined a 5 person server and the game was playable for about 30mins then it slowly ran worse and worse.  Rubberbanding and lagging.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IN THIS STATE.
76561198007748930,Not Recommended,440900,31531506,Posted: 3 May,all,Jester,If you are looking for a frustrating grind to 50 followed by nothing to do at 50 followed by bugs that will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off and cause you to die needlessly then this is the game for you. If that does not sound fun to you then take it from a person who this happened to and avoid this title. The game has actually gotten more buggy and problematic the more they try to fix it. I tried to like this game and have many hours invested but the payoff for sticking with it has not come. Yet another giant letdown from funcom.
,Not Recommended,440900,34468501,Posted: 24 August,all,jamesdeal1982,"As most of you know, the AI is absolutely garbage. All combat feels like it was coded and animated by a teenager in his bedroom. It's sad because the game has GREAT potential... I can't recommend this game until the developers fix the AI and the combat. It shouldn't have even been released into Early Access until those were up to par.Until they fix it.... No... Don't waste your money."
,Not Recommended,440900,34469059,Posted: 24 August,all,Skudz,"This game has huge potential, can be alot of fun when its working, however most of the time it is not working, issues connecting to servers, issues with lag in servers, large numbers of bugs...Especially infuriating are the random but regular crashes, crash out of game, restart, login, wait for load, and boom youve been killed while loading back in and have been put back to the starting desert area...The bag mechanism is also quite wonky, and not being able to bag friends causes lots of time wasting..The new content with latest update is cool, but the above issues make it hard for me to properly enjoy this game"
,Recommended,440900,32893472,Posted: 27 June,all,thomassorngrym,"I love this game; and while I only have 40 hours on it I think it is absolutely amazing.  This game, at the time of writing this review, is Early Access and there is bound to be some bugs, but the developers keep on adding new things and keeping up on the fixes to the game.  You can play on PvP, PvE, or solo servers so you can play it however you choose to.The building is, by far, my favorite part, but the exploration is unbelievable and riveting...the game world is superb!  So many sights to see and places to explore makes this game something you can keep on playing even if you are just playing solo.Hats off to the developers and thier hard work in making Conan Exiles a truely exciting game!"
,Recommended,440900,34401373,Posted: 21 August,all,ChastenPlays,"Just bought, so far thouroughly enjoying the game. enjoying more than ARK atleast. will update with more in depth review once ive played more hours."
76561198137378251,Recommended,440900,29653069,Posted: 2 February,all,J_Whatever,"Now that the most recent patches have greatly improved the stability of the servers for me, I think it is time to look at the entire game so far and post my pros and cons. Review was written during early access with about 21 hours on record and thus is subject to change.Pros:- Immersive and interesting world that feels dangerous. The map is big enough and gives as much variety as one can expect one single biome to offer. The world is really though to explore at night or during a sandstorm, and dark caves slowly corrupting you adds a lot of tension.- NPC enemies and monsters feel like a significant challenge. The inclusion of these enemies make the world feel more alive and adds both extra threats as well as lore and world building.- Amazing building system that allows you to create houses and structures feel like a natural part of the world. Items snap to a grid and the system is extremely easy to use. Building against cliffs is a huge plus as well.- A great variety of item recipes to learn over time, ranging from weapons to buildings and decorations. It'll surely take quite a while to learn all of these.- In the first three days the dev team already released four patches that greatly improved the games. Futhermore several upcoming features were already announced on day 1. Combined with the high amount of communication from the devs this gives me a lot of faith in the future of Conan Exiles.Cons:- As with most survival games there is a significant grind. For the most part gathering items is fairly easy in Conan Exiles, but it would be nice to have ways to get certain base materials more easily.- The chat system and social features of the game are still lacking a bit as of right now.- While enemies are threatening and do offer some diversity in their attack problems, I feel there is still room for improvement when it comes to the combat."
76561198011768520,Recommended,440900,34424197,Posted: 22 August,all,ahmedmohmed,"Seriously enjoying the game. It's still Early Access, and I understand that, can't wait till more lore is released."
,Recommended,440900,31088890,Posted: 11 April,all,jack_casse,"I'm enjoying it for the most part.  However, having my base raided by exploiters is getting old quickly.  The game will be so much better once these scum actually have to play by the rules.  Only a matter of time, I suppose.  If you bought in for early access, just bear with it. Devs are working hard to patch it up."
,Not Recommended,440900,30665098,Posted: 22 March,all,Science is for vegans and gaboys,"This game is just another alpha that has the potential to be a great game, but has tricked its player base into buying an unfinished false advertised piece of trash. If you plan to buy this game, do more research to know exactly what you're in for, because the clips shown in the advert are not the reality"
76561198054849303,Recommended,440900,32971363,Posted: 28 June,all,Peanut,"One of the most promising survival games out there, it really has insane potential, it doesnt deserve this negativity its getting since its Early Access and the issues being mentioned is being worked on. I hope this game gets alot of support and they keep working hard on it, some stuff needs work but so much potential for both PVE and PVP, city building with AI thralls also could be so much fun."
,Recommended,440900,29603982,Posted: 31 January,all,xidiotequex,Very good game. Played a little bit and didnt meet with any gamebreaking bug. It is playable and awesome! Well optimized compared to ark!
76561198103277038,Not Recommended,440900,30697588,Posted: 23 March,all,AntiEverything,"I tried this game and gave it a solid focus for a bit. It is one of the least ""ready to play"" early access games. Their focus is on dyes over playability. Yes the game sold alot of copies but none of those people are still playing, there are 2-5 servers with people on it at any given time. The weapon tiering is senseless and bases can be made unraidable unless the tribe focuses on summoning their god which can not be defended against. At its current rate of updates this game is a waste of time, in a year or two perhaps we will have something. Them updating and adding the ability to dye your armor over bringing something like seige weapons or updated tiers shows the developers disregard for people playing their game. CASH GRAB ALERT"
,Recommended,440900,29609782,Posted: 31 January,all,Kitten Algorithm,"Roughly 5-6 hours in and I'm having fun exploring, dying to wild beasts and struggling against savage african tribesmen. Haven't experienced any technical issues yet and loading screens are quite fast (most settings on ultra with a decent PC).That said, there's not super much content currently in the game. Just looking at the amount of craftable stuff the list isn't super long, and environment interaction seems a bit limited (ie. not enough unique stuff like loot chests, unique loot, caves, bosses etc). But this is to expected since it was just released into Early Access.The biggest problem right now is to fix animations and make combat enjoyable. There's also apparently some rubberbanding going on for players who play on large servers with high population.All in all this game has great potential and I do recommend it for anyone who enjoys the world of Robert E Howard and has read the books like I have. The music is pretty good too! A big plus to them reusing some assets from Age of Conan as that game had a lot of good stuff.Just don't expect a full fledged game for obvious reasons. But if you don't experience any technical issues like me, you should easily get at least a dozen hours of fun before the content starts to run out.Let's hope Funcom patches often and adds more content for our enjoyment!Summary:+ Conan/Hyborian-Lore/Robert E Howard+ Looks pleasent to the eye and runs pretty well+ Has potential+ Great music+ Great to be able to tweak your own settings for most stuff- Combat is barebones and not very enjoyable right now- Animations need some work- Needs more content- AI needs some improvement"
76561198006734511,Recommended,440900,30500208,Posted: 13 March,all,Major Lazer,"I have 146 hours in Conan Exiles so far. I was drawn in by the Conan theme which Funcom has a lot of experience with and do very well. Rather than trying to “sanitize” the Conan world, they have really tried to embrace all its themes including the brutality and horror. They didn’t shy away from themes of slavery, human sacrifice, etc. Stylistically they have made some very bold choices, and really appear to be trying to stay true the Conan universe.You start off as a naked outcast without even two rocks to rub together, and gradually are supposed to work your way up to be King. (one of the final items you can craft is a throne). There are “blitz” servers that wipe every month, and start fresh, beginning again the race to see who get to the top  the fastest.It is my first survival game, and just to stay alive for the first few hours was really challenging as I struggled to learn all the things you need to do to not die. Once you get the hang of it, it’s gets easier and you can move on to bigger challenges at your own pace. (keep in mind, sandstorms don’t do damage yet, in the future that will be very dangerous to new players who haven’t built a shelter  yet.) Nighttime is difficult, you can venture outwith a torch but its easy to get lost. The monsters don’t change between night and day, which I think is a missed opportunity. There should be some nocturnal beasts that prowl at night.I had a blast my first few days. However it becomes apparent this game is still very unfinished. There are caves/dungeons filled with beasts and sometimes a “boss”, but most of them don’t have any treasure or special items in them. There is only a cursory smatter of lore (which makes it very special when you do find a new clue). I suspect they will be adding a lot more to the dungeons and caves, but for now they are a bit bland.The creatures spawn very fast, especially in caves, which is difficult for solo players. (It appears the game is more balanced for clan/tribal play but since I am a solo player this review will be from the solo perspective.)Building is fun, and you can start building within the first few hours of play (unlike some RPGs where crafting a castle is relegated to the end-game). However, it can be very discouraging when your base gets raided and you lose all the crafting stations and supplies that you spent many hours getting. For this reason, as a solo player, I try to find a “hidden”, out of the way spot, and tend to keep my base as a small as possible so it won’t be noticed. It’s not that hard to build a very large sandstone castle, but its also easy for any steel-tier player to bash it down. If you prefer, you can also find PVE and Casual-PVP servers that do not allow player structures to be destroyed.There is currently no “fog” on the map, so you can see the whole world and people on reddit and youtube have mapped out everything, showing where to find every special thrall/priest/dungeon/etc. I think you are only cheating yourself and your own fun if you use those guides. I like learning the map myself through my own exploration. It’s a great landscape with lots of hidden surprises and interesting habitats around every corner. I look forward to them adding more biomes and monsters.Unlike some games, The potions you can craft  do not instantly heal all wounds, they just give you a slight boost over a period of time. This feels more realistic than many RPGs where you stop and eat a muffin in the middle of a battle to instantly heal yourself.At character creation you can chose 1 of 3 religions ( 4 if you count Crom, but Crom doesn’t do anything in the game -- It seems to be the  “atheists” option). But whatever you choose, once in the game you can learn all 3 religions and build temples for all 3 gods. To compete against other players, its best to learn all 3 and build all 3 temples as they offer different weapons, special foods and healing drinks. But the game doesn’t even let you build temples close to each other. This may be okay as a “game mechanic” but it really kills the immersion roleplay/realism. It seems very artificial, why cant you build temples close to each other if the gods don’t care about you worshipping all the gods? I think if people want to learn a new religion, they should lose their old one and no longer be able to get items from that temple. There should also be a Grand Temple somewhere on the map for each god where any worshipper of that religion can go and craft a special item.Also on religion, all 3 gods require “human sacrifice” to craft the special foods/drinks. This seems a bit lazy on the part of the devs. I can see Yog and maybe Set requiring human sacrifice. But Mitra should use a different mechanic and could be the god-of-choice for people who don’t want to do human sacrifices. Instead of butchering the corpse, Mitra followers could bless it, sprinkle holy water, cremate it, or purify it some way, and receive a purified essence  in that way.The thrall system is a great concept. Hunting and capturing thralls is one of my favourite things to do in the game.  It would be great if they had more thralls able to craft special items, even if the items they make are just decorative, for example, Dafari windchimes.The weapon progression is very unbalanced at the moment. It’s shockingly bad. Example: You can get a broadsword at level 12 that does 72 DPS. Then at lvl 20 you can get a khopesh that does 69 DPS (less than the broadsword) then at lvl 26 you can get a falcatte that does 69 dps (still worse than the lvl 12 sword)  then at lvl 28 you can get a cutlass than does 72 dps, (same as the lvl 12 sword) , then finally at lvl 30 you can get a longsword that does 96 dps.  It’s terrible and nonsensical.The game advances from stone weapons, to iron and then steel. I would like to see more tiers in the weapons, and a longer progression from starter weapons to top tier, with upgrades available every 5 levels or so. Right now its very flat. You get a good sword at level 12, and a better one at level 30, with nothing decent in between. (And this game only goes up to level 50).  They could improve  this by adding a “bronze age” when you need to gather “tin” to craft bronze, before you can later advance to get to iron. Or they could put something even better than steel, like some kind of Atlantean Adamantine, that is very rare (perhaps only found in the monster caves?).Two-handed weapons handi-cap you by not allowing you to carry a shield, torch (so they are useless at night) or a capture leash, but they don’t offer more damage to balance those drawbacks. I would suggest two-handed weapons should generally do more damage those similar-tier one-handed weapons (this would improve balance and realism).There are only 8 quickbar slots for all your gear, which is really not enough. Every minute I am in my inventory swapping quickbar items.Combat is very limited and spammy at the moment. A sword can only slash. A spear can only jab. Shields block well, but are slow to bring up unless you anticipate the attack. I think they need to add, at a minimum, a simplified-Chivalry style combat system. Every weapon should have a slash, stab, and overhead. I think Funcom is aware they need to spice up combat. However it’s really up in the air how exactly they will fix it. Everything else can be fixed by “adding more content” and “fixing bugs/balance” but I think how they deal with the combat system will be the issue that will really “make or break” this game."
,Recommended,440900,29656613,Posted: 2 February,all,Pat-Stats,Its early access what do you expect. Amazing game cant wait for the devs to continue to produce content
76561197995193799,Recommended,440900,29627273,Posted: 1 February,all,Qumad,"It's addictive and fun.This far it seems to be a bit hard to get enough food, I might have chosen a bad location for my camp tho.And playing with friends defiantly is more rewarding.They seem to be quick to fix things in the EA.Thumbs up from me."
76561197976738098,Recommended,440900,34277302,Posted: 16 August,all,DyHex,"Love the game! Theres been a ton of improvements so far, it just keeps getting better and better. Early access done right."
76561198056092214,Recommended,440900,34564240,Posted: 28 August,all,Simon Lee Zombie,"Now that I've got some time under my belt, I'd like to write a short review about Conan Exiles. I was hesistant to buy it due to mixed reviews, and I'm not sure what state the game was in before, but right now it's running great for me. Basically, I feel like it's ARK but in Conan's world. And I love Conan--the books and the first (Arnold) movie.When playing this, survival is paramount. I play single player, so I was pleased to find sliders in the menu for XP, along with an easily installable mod that allowed me to gain more levels in place of my missing online companions. I suppose the world is a bit lonely on my own, but I hear the multiplayer can be pretty brutal. Either way, I am enjoying building my own little safe haven, adventuring, exploring, fighting (the combat is fun--more in depth than a lot of these games), and creating better armor and weapons. This game is a timesink for sure.Obviously the creators have an affinity toward the original Barbarian movie--even the title theme of this game is reminiscent of Anvil of Crom. I hope they get the proper rights to Basil Poledouris' score and just add it in at some point.Also, friendly NPCs and a more living world in singleplayer would be welcome, so we'll see if that happens. As it stands right now, 99.9 percent of things you meet in Conan Exiles want to kill you."
76561198018010251,Recommended,440900,34662378,Posted: 1 September,all,Scarab,"This is honestly a good game! The world is brutal and savage like one would suspect it to be after having read the books.Crafting is good and there is alot of useless stuff to craft like pottery and mugs to pimp your sandstone dwelling (which I love), base building gives you alot of possibilities, plenty of NPC camps to raid and dungeons to get creeped out in.Every Conan fan should atleast consider buying this title right here, get some friends on board and have (naked) fun!TLDR:Pros:-beautiful expanding world-cut fools up real good-tiddies-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s (if thats more your thing-armor and weapon design is beautiful-human sacrifices (soon, rumor has it)-slavery-last two pros are cons IRL   U.UCons:-CTDs (crashes) from time to time, might just be my setup (2013, a bit older...)-patches render mods unplayable until modders take update their mods, as of now that is."
76561198007136487,Recommended,440900,34283096,Posted: 16 August,all,pwillie54,"I have only played single player, that being said I have had a great deal of fun. This is a great survival game and great if you like to create. The whole feel of the game is awesome, it's challenging but not overwhelming. I'm writing this as I wait for the 11 gig update to finish downloading, about 30 min left and can't wait. Keep up the great work funcom. This is by far the best early access game I have ever played, well worth spending a little coinage on. If it even sounds remotely interesting to you then get it."
76561198130407410,Recommended,440900,29850326,Posted: 11 February,all,Assist Queen Games,My bf: I don't think this is worth 40 bucks!?*Plays with me for 7 hours straight*my bf: Okay I think it's worth the 40 bucks now...
,Not Recommended,440900,30330818,Posted: 4 March,all,DrewDog,"Not worth it for another 2 years.Laggy, glitchy, players can destroy your base with 1 steel weapon.If you don't build for hours and within hours of the server getting wiped good luck having fun."
76561198012513465,Recommended,440900,29607762,Posted: 31 January,all,Slim,Great game minus the lag and rubberbanding
76561198042382478,Recommended,440900,34356240,Posted: 19 August,all,Danny,"Great game with huge potential! If you like to play Survival games like Rust and ARK this is the perfect variety to try out.The only thing that bothers me is, that the AI isn't the best at the moment. But its still a playable and fun Game with enough Content to play for many Hours.But I recommend to play this game with your Friends."
76561198008244407,Recommended,440900,34250735,Posted: 15 August,all,The Freak,"This is a great game PvP and PvE server to pick from, the game runs great no problems as ever with every beta there will be some glitch but this does not take away from the game.I am an older(ish) player i find this game to make me think also helps me with hand, eye and mind all working as one nice I think games like this are maybe missing out on a massive market.The game runs great on MSI Apache Pro."
,Recommended,440900,29655029,Posted: 2 February,all,Razors Edge,"Loving this game.   Funcom has already patched twice since release and it just gets more stable each time.  Plenty of things to do, crafting, building, killing, PVP    Really having a great time with the wife hosting on a local server at the house with a few friends.   Looking foward to the content to come as they flesh out the issues from an early access release."
,Recommended,440900,29600133,Posted: 30 January,all,Expert,"Big potential for this game! Sad to see negative reviews left after the game launched less then an hour ago. Every game has a rocky launch, especially one as hyped up as this. Of course servers aren't going to be stable yet. Everybody is literally logging in at the same time looking/deciding on what server to play.. Hope to see this game do well"
,Recommended,440900,34326934,Posted: 18 August,all,J.Garkain,"This game has blatantly improved since first early access release, so I would fully recommend purchasing, especially past full release. Preseumably it will continue to improve with time and therefore be more worth the money."
76561198004618743,Not Recommended,440900,30512649,Posted: 14 March,all,Noog,"Con: If you're coming from Reign of Kings or Chilvalry and looking for a medieval style PvP game, then DON'T BUY Conan Exiles. Not only are the combat features slim, it doesn't even matter because the leveling system makes individual skill irrelevant. A higher level player will always 1-shot you.Pro: If you like PvE survival games like ARK, then you will love this game. The leveling/crafting/building/combat systems are all the same, making this game feel like an ARK mod more than anything else."
,Not Recommended,440900,31090613,Posted: 11 April,all,Bloodlust,"This game is not worth the money right now. Asian hackers are all over official PVP servers and you can forget about playing on private servers as admins are corrupt. Funcom is not doing anything to really fix the severe exploits and it seems like when they do, they come out with another update and break the game all over again. Asians ""wall noodle"" up walls can teleport through walls into your base and break everything. Dupe glitches with gods I mean... they spend their time exploiting what is the sense in playing when all your hard work of playing the game correctly goes to♥♥♥♥♥♥because some ♥♥♥♥ing asian decides he wants into your base and takes all but 5 minutes and your♥♥♥♥♥♥is gone. This game MIGHT be worth buying in another 6 to 8 months but right now... it's a worthless piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!!!"
76561198026916028,Not Recommended,440900,29653502,Posted: 2 February,all,P01NTMAN,"Pros- It's got enough cocka-doodle-dos and tig-ol-bitties to please the most die hard game of thrones fans.Cons- The game's combat sucks big-ol-cocka-doodle-dosSo instead of wasting time for 2 hours, I jumped in single player unlocked all recipes and tested the entire game, geared up with the best weapons, and armor, compared stats with all the gear, did a lil building here and there, tested the combat out, and spent some time trying to bug out the game. In 98 minutes I determined that I hated the Combat system, and thats what did this game in for me.The combat, which 90% of this game is going to be i.e. both PVE and PVP. Is completely unbearable. AI can be 5 feet away from you and still hit you, you can either dodge left, right, or backwards, and it has zero effect. You can also be disarmed by getting hit, or by hiting a shield, however this appeared to happen randomly. That being said the overall feeling of the combat is clunky and annoying. Also the durability of weapons is horrible, using the flawless longsword (which is the best sword) only lasted about 5 minutes of continious fighting. However, the best sledge hammer has a much longer life span. This also is a problem with shields, they are broken so fast during combat, it's pointless to even use them, they would have some benifit if you could disarm an AI in the same way they disarm you when hitting a shield, but you can't.In all, the combat sucks and it feels unbalanced.Plus this game dosen't really offer anything different from other survival games currently on the market, it's very similar to ark. Although the UI isn't as terrible as Ark's.just a side note of annoynce, to craft anything you have to go in to your inventory...thats just dumb. In my opinion the best UI in any survival game, is Rust. It' simple and easy to navigate. Crafting in this game reminds me of the way I felt when doing chores over the weekend when I was a kid...annoyed."
76561197994277219,Not Recommended,440900,34447255,Posted: 23 August,all,AdamR,"Suppose its alright, well its a good start, needs a lot of work and re-balancing to make it worth playing, and having 40 players max on a map that size is kind of strange considering I've played Rust servers with hundreds of people online, theres an unfair advantage to people of a higher level right away maybe they should just get rid of the leveling system because it doesn't seem to do any good considering you spend hours leveling and the amount of effort it takes to actually get the materials and craft something takes long enough.The combat isn't great, it doesn't feel particularly impacful or fluent its just kind wack the button and see what happens.For what it is the game seems interesting and looks like its going some where, but the devs are spending too much time creating whole new zones rather than spending the time to fix the real issues this game has, kinda like what the ARK dev team did, they left their broken♥♥♥♥♥game broken and added too much content, thats something the devs of this need to try and watch out for.Just wait on this one."
76561198165306438,Not Recommended,440900,31592751,Posted: 6 May,all,Final Phase,Great game for PvE. If you're playing PvP good luck. Don't bother playing with less that three people and if you have friends playing with you everyone better make a sledgehammer. It's the only weapon used in pvp.
76561198097464222,Not Recommended,440900,29634231,Posted: 1 February,all,Thokarta,"A very basic and bare game as it stands. Some things are just wrong, as you may or may not expect from an EA game. Easily fixed I hear you say. True. But when a developer rolls out software like this, they either don't know or don't care - both of which trigger an alarm for me.If you have friends to play with and you like to skirmish, role play or both, go for it. It will be fun. But my general recommendation is to wait a few weeks, note the reaction of the developers to the initial release, note their ability to fix things and drive the game forward and note their willingness to supply enough stable servers."
76561198160342836,Not Recommended,440900,31258026,Posted: 20 April,all,ZeroLogic,"This game was very good, not so much as of now. I loved the game in the early days of it, lots of players, so much to do, yes the bugs were bad but what can you expect. But now the game is decreasing in players, theres not alot of content, and the devs keep making new bugs, and they are not focusing on the right stuff. All the servers are dying, and the game just isn't fun anymore. If you are looking to buy this game, I suggest you wait."
76561198068762167,Recommended,440900,31103034,Posted: 12 April,all,Shekelstein,slavery
76561198007577165,Recommended,440900,29736676,Posted: 5 February,all,andreasking,"Have about 120 hourso on ARK, and bough Conan Exiles on release. I got tired of ARK because of griefers being able to destroy everything, and what I love about Conan is that you can build alongside mountains, and since you have a zone around your base where no one else can build, you can remove the stairs up when you log of, and effectively you cannot be griefed while not playing.In addition I find the map/environment awesome, the thrall system is great, and by combing the classic survival with some MMORPG elements such as instances and lore Funcom have really pulled this off! :D"
76561198201678170,Recommended,440900,31381161,Posted: 26 April,all,Mustache Dave,"Great game, I play with friends and have a blast!! If anyone buys this game  come join server 211 :D I will help you out with some mats, See you in game."
,Not Recommended,440900,31210648,Posted: 17 April,all,Teh Tarik,"I've met friends in Conan Exile, and we make the base together. Great first impression. Then the next day.....""Got Raided, Raided again, Got Raided. Naked. Grind. Base. Raided. Naked again.""I would say at first, this game have potential. But when the exploiters and hackers are in. The game was destroyed heavily. Dev should pay attention at this scenario. and we need more content. theres lack of crafting items, and crafting mechanics are mediacore, we need more advance mechanics.If you looking for PVE, this game is not it. Conan Exile purely for PVP, and want to kick some♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198278855351,Recommended,440900,30368749,Posted: 7 March,all,Deșu.Hooligan,Great game :) keep up the good work
76561198049024495,Recommended,440900,31185565,Posted: 16 April,all,Haplo,"IT's amazing!!!! Addictive, fun, nice leveling, we did a dungeon yesterday with some people online, it was great!!"
76561198006793619,Recommended,440900,30158826,Posted: 24 February,all,=CKA= General_Zero,It was buggy to start... Now it is not...  This game is totally worth the money... So much fun!!!
76561198116504899,Not Recommended,440900,31380297,Posted: 26 April,all,Donald Draper,Could be great but hackers ruined the experience. the grind is too much to come back so SEEYA MOFOS
76561198059342904,Recommended,440900,29729356,Posted: 5 February,all,kingweezel,Good game me dud.
,Not Recommended,440900,30046976,Posted: 19 February,all,"""Private"" Doesn't Mean No Ban.","Rating 3/10Absolutely horrid multiplayer. I cannot join any server and progress at a decent manor. Due to the building radius of other players, it makes this almost impossible. The reason being is you cannot travel very far because you cannot set down a bedroll on claimed land. So all the starting shacks that are around prevent you from building or setting a new spawn. In my opinion most people that are late starters on a pvp server are going to have a very hard time getting started. Obviously i did not play with anyone else or my review may have turned out differently. But it is kind of hard to find people that play the game, That want to side with you. Everyone thinks you are a double crosser and the others just want to kill you for meat literally. Cool concept but very poor for the price. Can't see me playing anymore than 20 hours total. Unfortunately i played more than 2 hours or i would get my refund. Sorry."
76561197999947904,Not Recommended,440900,30458722,Posted: 11 March,all,Zero,"Looks nice, well optimized. Poor netcode and♥♥♥♥♥♥poor combat. Feels like a lot of work went into the art assets and crafting but very little went into combat"
76561198120867038,Not Recommended,440900,30279485,Posted: 2 March,all,Ocel-fa,I really love this game. Exploits are everywhere and apparently is easy to dupe items and not drop in death. In its current state it is extremely unbalanced. Not recommended.
,Recommended,440900,29604156,Posted: 31 January,all,Relthor,"In my opinion it is worth to give it a try! It`s Conan, you hate it or you love it. The Devs are working only one year on this title. Yes, many thinks need to be changed and/or tweaked! Often the animations feels clumsy and the fauna are too much on some areas. And it have other problems too. But it has much potential and if we spend contructive criticesm rather than bad rap it can be even better in the future i think! Despite everything it is fun to play for me.Sorry for my english."
76561198013729576,Not Recommended,440900,30233464,Posted: 27 February,all,Roger Wilco,"Wonderful idea, amazingly beautiful setting. However, as it is I cannot recommend simply due to PvP balancing. The lowest tier door cannot be broken down by anything save for end game steel weapons, ""wow great!"" you might say...""I'm totally safe!"" Except instead you are almost guarenteed a face roll with a spiked club because anyone who DOES break into your home is vastly OP compared to you, grats! GG! You're left no way to defend yourself against established players.Guess what, the next lvl door can't even be researched until you're in your lvl 20's, which on a vanilla server can take a very good while to get to. Still, alpha. Things will probably get better and balancing will be a solved issue (hopefully). As it is, I say play singleplayer or PvE, or else the steel wielding, explosive throwing baddies will come for that stack of 23 wood you have tucked away, and no amount of building is going to stop them!!! AIIIEEEEE!5/10 would mispell ""guaranteed"" again."
76561198007270873,Not Recommended,440900,31324534,Posted: 23 April,all,Camulus,"Well this game can be summed up in 3 words: Waste of time. Heres how. I've sunk almost 300 hours into this game and its always been a kinda love/hate deal. I loved the building (when it worked) and the concept of thralls and empire building. However, after sinking tons of time into building a base in which I was quite proud of, they do a server wipe. I get it, its EA, they have some rebalancing to do and plus it gets rid of the garbage buildings on the map as I predominately played PvE. They do the server wipe and shortly afterward do a patch release that breaks basic building elements like adding stairs. Of course they do the patch releases towards the end of the week and apparently do not believe in the concept of all hands on deck to fix major issues over the weekend. So here we are stuck not able to build in any form of completion for the weekend, a time when many of us actually have time to sit down and play. Good job! The real game clincher that killed the game for me was when a friend of mine wanted to play. I was happy to have someone else play and help build etc. I was happy about it but also nervous because I knew this game had issues around the clan feature but I thought that those issues were some months before and would be resolved. Against my gut feeling I created a clan and invited him. Sure enough i got the building issue where it would say this isnt your land. I figured it would resolve itself after a server nightly refresh. Oh it certainly refreshed alright. I logged back in the next day to find all my thralls trying to kill me and I still cant build. As I write this post it is still broken and has been broken for over a week. Uh the clan system is the bread and butter of this game and what this is telling me is its unreliable. This should be the most solid part of the game mechanics as certainly PvP and to a lesser extent PvE relies on being able to team up with others. I've encountered other bugs that throw doubt in the reliability of the game mechanics like binding to a bedroll and eventually dieing and not respawning back at that bedroll which for me caused me to loose lots of valuable items and time. I just cant recommend this game to anyone unless they are totally ok redoing everything all the time. I understand its EA but frankly i'm rather tired of giving a blank check to EA games excusing their bad decisions and kludge code."
,Not Recommended,440900,29607779,Posted: 31 January,all,Nubface,"Steam won't allow a neutral stance, so for now, i'll tumb down, and explain why.Pros-Nice graphics-Conan IP-Tittays-Music is alrightishCons-Incredibly similar to Ark, in terms of both gameplay and progression-Host of connectivity issues-Host of graphical issues and anomalies-Server selection oly works a quarter of the timeAside from the graphical and connectivity issues, which I assume will be addressed in the near future, this game just doesn't pop out at me. Outside of character creation, I had the most overwhelming sense that I was playing Ark again, and that was confirmed for me by the progression through crafting and building which is almost copy and paste.I'm sure the game will improve over time, at least I hope so. I'll continue watching to see if it gets better, but for now, I have to give it a thumbs down. This kind of a game with a Conan IP is nice, but it's not enough."
76561197967864400,Recommended,440900,29716595,Posted: 5 February,all,ForsakenSco,"Early Access so if your reading a bad review then well you can make your mind up about these people yourself.Game is really good fun if not a bit grueling on resource collection (wich can be solved by finding a good area)patches all the time unlike some other devs...........ark style of building wich is tried and tested.also remeber that unnoficial servers are all whatever the invidual owner has set the server too, i've read a few posts now and realised people don't understand this...EARLY ACCESS just incase people haven't read this enougth"
76561197984548831,Not Recommended,440900,30560838,Posted: 16 March,all,Wicasawakan,"Ok...I don't do MP so this is a SP review. If you are a SP player, don't waste your money. Ok..It looks great and the character creator is pretty good but that's all that's good.Really..those are the pros.Cons- When you start, they tell you to follow the road to the city...waste of time because the so-called city is a place where everything and everyone will try to kill you. Oh..pretty much EVERYTHING living and undead wants to kill you. I found 1 NPC who talked to me and he wanted to teach me how to wave at someone. Yaaaay. That's helpful.- When you start, the map is already cleared and open for you to see everything on it. But...Nothing is marked in any way. If you see a shape on the map, you can't figure out what it is until you go there but...once you go there, that location isn't marked on your map now. You have no way to mark the map in any way. This means you could end up inspecting the same thing over and over. I suggest learning how to make a banner flag. Put a banner flag in front of every place you already searched. That way, if you see something cool across a map, as you get cose, you see the banner and you can then ignore it.- The places you find that SHOULD have cool loot or stuff to find are usually empty and pointless. You go in, search like mad, fight enemies that respawn while you're still in the same location and find nothing of actual use. I'm not kidding. You will fight 4-5 skeletons in one room, turn around and 2-3 of them have repawned while you were killing the last 2.- As a solo player, you will not build a single thing worth being proud of because of endurance/weight limits and the ability to build things adds weight as you build them. It takes FOREVER. I finally decided to use a cheat and do the EASY CRAFTING option and it still took forever to build anything very large and impressive.- Weapons and tools will break so fast, it's pathetic. Oh...and for some reason, enemies can disarm you while you're fighting them.- Creatures and humans will walk around side by side and attack you together instead of fight each other. Sometimes you can position humans between yourself and the creature and they will kill each other but if there are more than 1 of each, the others will still attack you the entire time.- There is NO PLOT. No story. No quests. No point in playing. You will find scraps of paper that talk about the person who left it but that's it. It won't lead you to a new weapon or some ring of Set I found out about.I played 40 hours and was so bored by 20 hours, I played 20 more just to see if I was missing something. I wasn't.- Creating beds in houses/shelters does NOT create fast travel points. They just make a place to spawn at if you die. You can't sleep in these beds.This still needs a LOT of work."
76561198010892084,Recommended,440900,29600101,Posted: 30 January,all,KROMTHORR,I feel very unwelcome in this savage and brutal world.As the way any Conan game should be.10/10
,Recommended,440900,29713174,Posted: 5 February,all,✪ Tommy,"First things first, you are spawn in the dessert, then walking into the forest where the survival live begin, there are no clue what to do, just straight up. so you have to figure things out by yourself.as still in early access stage, last night playing online and it was fun.some server still glitchy, some are good, controls are easy to learn, few monster or animals are also funny to me :Dbetter play this game with friends! but playing solo will also be good."
76561198058038193,Recommended,440900,31480669,Posted: 1 May,all,꧁◍Emperor Slim ◍꧂,"raiding was messed up for a while but regardless love the game, waste my life on it all the time 10/10 would play again(esp if raiding is fixed, i.e vaults able to be destroyed)"
76561197970825995,Not Recommended,440900,31551729,Posted: 4 May,all,DoubleTap,"I purchased Conan Exiles hoping for a few weeks of entertainment playing with friends.  WTF was I thinking.  It's the same game as ARK at it's core.  ARK was boring, this was boring after a couple of days of playing."
76561198000749782,Not Recommended,440900,30549480,Posted: 16 March,all,Hloden,"Good solid potential, but not much fun at the moment.  I know it's EA, but for games like this there are still too many exploits to make playing it enjoyable, you are either at the mercy of their official servers, which have no admin (which is horrible with the exploits), or on a private server.Also tried playing with friends on a private server, but there isn't much point, looks like they plan to add content, but at hte moment, it's pretty dull as a PvE game."
76561198157936398,Recommended,440900,30823973,Posted: 29 March,all,SeeYaNever,"Don't buy into the negative reviews. This is a combination of Ark and Rust which makes it legendary. Though, it is a very hard game, so be careful.Overall: 8.5/10"
,Recommended,440900,31090925,Posted: 11 April,all,paulweaver2011,This game is proof that more nudity needs to exist in video games! 10/10
76561197977029542,Not Recommended,440900,30614498,Posted: 19 March,all,animus,"Of crushed Hopes and Wasted GoldI really hope Conan can rejoice because his namesake game has crushed me. Driven me away. And he can now hear my lamentations!After about 15 to 16 hours I really began to feel like a barbarian, at least that bloodfrenzy part was there. I died. A lot. Because of stupidity? Maybe. But mostly I died because I was new and alone.And this is what really makes me angry. I played other survival games (hundreds of hours of 7 Days to Die - which is way better) and maybe Conan is just different, or at least tries to be. But there's nothing new apart from naked people *scream!* ....  Let me tell you about my high adventure!Key Problems as a beginner (single player)1) Thirst and Hunger go up way fast... you almost need to sprint towards the pool at the end of the road. Even worse if you overlook the almost empty water skin near your start or don't look at the writings on the some wall to your far right to get a hint... Dying clueless. Great start!2) You have a few recipes and the need A TON of Material, especially considering that you have to repair them after EVERY fight (needs up to the same amount of crafting it in the first place)3) The fights: Good thing - your first fights are really quick; bad thing - you die and have to walk miles (see below). Fighting is basically far less tactical than promoted. The one with the higher stamina/ higher damage output wins. The strikes are about as accurate as .... well, they're not. It's more a strike in a ""gender direction"" and hoping to catch a pixel of the monster. Old games like ""Daggerfall"" were infinitely more precise than that.Oh and really nice: The first kind of monster scan already stun you and one hit you. Fun!4) Save Points: After scrounge away on the few scrubs you can find, TADA!, your bedroll! Save haven of respawn and replenishment! at least ONCE. Seriously, you have to build a new one every time you die. AND you have to make sure to save yourself to it, otherwise it's useless. For the life of{LINK REMOVED}me...why?!5) My first Base: After avoiding some fights and finally building the first walls, which took AGES (see below), I was still running after food and drink, I realized: Respawn. The monsters and ""nudist bandits"" simply respawn and attack you again and again. No real feeling of progress there.6) ENCUMBRANCE: That might have been the tipping point. I had to spend every single newly gained attribute point from level ups into my ""attribute"" encumbrance (no not strength, that would be silly!) to be able to carry one crushed boulder and a few logs.....  It saves some weight to build walls etc. from it on the spot (because those are far less heay in your inventory...right). But overall: I PAID FOR A GAME! Not wasting time by doing the same trips for hours without seeing quite some progress because someone thought up ""encumbrance"" and assumed - probably in a drug haze or riding a sadistic vibe - that that would be fun for players. Who knows.So, to be clear and end my lamentations: I am not a hardcore gamer. I work. I have about two hours to relax a day and I like playing computer games. And I felt the need to write this down to deal with my frustration and maybe give other casual gamers a glimpse into what to expect.  Purely my personal point of view (which others might still not get.)Hopefully it will all be fixed but for now the game is shelved and I will have to dry me tears and carry on.Thanks for reading and ignoring my spelling (not a native speaker).hf & gl"
,Not Recommended,440900,30771111,Posted: 27 March,all,Scruffy,"Great game, lots of potential, horibly bad development process leaves game broken and players frustrated beyond sanity. :)I'll write a longer review when Funcom give me reason to bother... I want a game that's playable, then i'll review it.PS. I Own/Admin my own server, because it's the only way to play the game without loosing everything you do, or dealing with extensive and delberate constant hacking/exploiting/bug abuse."
,Not Recommended,440900,29609941,Posted: 31 January,all,Project First Contact,"Conan Exiles - a game which disappointed me...My specs: i5 4460 , gtx 950, 8gb ram & win 10 x64PRO:- The trailer and the gameplay really look awesomeCONS:- Game came out too early, may be when it will exit from early access, it will be better.- I play on Medium Settings and stuck on 20-40 fps- It take for me ~10 minutes to enter in game- Animations are very very very poor...- I walk around but didn't find nothing interestingMy gameplayhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=--8v5Mmvc2Q3/10"
76561198064467569,Not Recommended,440900,29607491,Posted: 31 January,all,Sergeant Salt,"Unfortunately at this time I can not recommend this game. The servers are absolutely horrible, constantly rubber banding, anytime an npc is near the lag spikes through the roof, graphics look nothing like what they have shown. I understand this is early access but they should not have released this game in its current state. Maybe a few months down the line I can jump back in but I wouldnt reccomend spending money on this game as of right now.FULL NUDITY IN THE GAME THO SO + ON THAT"
76561197981545296,Not Recommended,440900,31566332,Posted: 5 May,all,Annah,nopeI understand it's still Alpha but this game just reminded me why it's not very smart to actually spend money on a game that's noteven remotely finished yet.The current trend of developers selling a game that's not even ready for official release is a disturbing trend.We need to stop this before we start to assume this is normal.To the Developers: finish the game first. Then sell it.If you need beta testers then do it the old fashion way: pick a group of them without charging folks money for a half♥♥♥♥♥broken piece of s**tThat is all :)
76561198094904224,Not Recommended,440900,31949577,Posted: 25 May,all,Santon,"A game with some great potential. It's a shame to watch dev's release buggy content while ignoring the real problems which break this game. It's been broke for months yet emotes and other BS seem more important. The player base on official servers is dead. If you like farming a lot only to have it taken from you by exploits that never seem to get fixed then this is the game for you. It's ""Early Access""... todays programmers excuse for ""We do what we want cause we already got your money""."
76561197972030436,Not Recommended,440900,34385512,Posted: 20 August,all,Zombie Hunter,"This game is one of the worst eary access games I have ever played. Constant disconnects from the server, game crashing (om > 45 minutes, appox. 5 crashes), bugs galore and getting past the first part of the game as a new player is unaccepatably hard. Stay away until the bugs and game crashing has been addressed. Has potential, but not in this state."
,Not Recommended,440900,35272245,Posted: 28 September,all,badnesso,Single Player is unplayableBy that I mean..-NPCs randomly disapear entirely from the map or spawn randomly-Thralls when you attempt to capture them fall through the map every time-Resources are unevenly spread to encourage trading between clans.  Making single player yea...-game is very laggy/un optimized frames drop below 10 in intense combat or farming i7 16g ram geforce980I get it EA but I would wait till the games basic features work properly.
76561198028013714,Not Recommended,440900,35061655,Posted: 19 September,all,axe1942,All my stuff and slave thralls just vanished from the oficial server... The grind collecting resources was all in vain.The new expansion is fantastic but it brought with it even more bugs than it had before.It is the buggiest game I have ever played in 30 years of gaming.The official servers crash often and the lag is relentless.This game also lacks a soul. There is no real storyline.has a potential to be a great game but alot of work is needed to make this game playableI would advise not to buy untill game is officially released and all bugs are delt with.
76561198000164450,Recommended,440900,29600723,Posted: 31 January,all,Spartanlemur,The best survival game I have played to date. It can only get better with time.
,Not Recommended,440900,31100144,Posted: 12 April,all,OldManMercy,"As a huge fan of the Robert E. Howard books, I was overjoyed to know there was a Conan game coming out. Funcom? Who's that? They did what? Oh, okay. Skip forward to release of Age of Conan. Combat mechanics a bit wonky, but still innovative. Decent system. Graphics were lacking, and it seemed that every character face was just a slight variation of the one before it...which made the females resemble the males. Just....with mammary glands. Game turned out mediocre at best. Still going, but not sure how populated it is. Personally, I think Funcom fumbled the ball with that attempt at Conan the MMO.Fast forward. I'm 50 now, and Funcom announces they're putting out another Conan game. I cringe inside, knowing the shambles they made of the previous attempt. Futilely I try to warn people, but nobody listens. I buy the game to see if I'm right, or if I'm way off base.Turns out it's a little from column A, and a little from column B. It's fun and engaging game PLAY, but the story and actual mechanics of game play are utter tripe. One kind of attack, a dual slash for swords. Ditto blunt weapons. Different attack animation for two handers, but it's not really variation. I get it's early access, and there's room for improvement...but it's Funcom. Let's be real.They used recycled graphic recources from their 2008 attempt at a Conan game to make character models that just....well, suck. Faces are just like before, blending into one another. No animation to them at all. Hell, other games with voip have facial animation when talking to add to realism. How much you wanna bet Funcom never updates the graphics and tries to shove an unfinished, buggy ""release"" down the throats of consumers with very little actual work done to the game itself.TL :  DRDon't buy. Ever."
,Not Recommended,440900,30478137,Posted: 12 March,all,Over Easy,"The game has it's flaws and bugs because of early access but that is not why I have selected ""Not Recommended"". I have been having a lot of fun with this game and I think when it is complete and polished it is going to be excellent.I cannot recommend the game in it's current state until the issue of Chinese players accessing North American official servers with VPN's is adressed. They play while everyone in North America is sleeping and when you log on during regular NA hours, all of your progress will be destroyed. Our clan has had 3 different bases destoryed with gods while we were offline in one week. They also exploit and cheat and admit to it in world chat.The 'Region Lock"" has done nothing to stop these players from accessing the NA servers as they just use VPNs. The VPN's also cause massive server lag sometimes.If FunCom cares about the success of this game they need to implement an auto-kick for accessing servers with VPN's or a straight up ban for doing so. Otherwise Chinese players will continue to play on NA servers and ruin the experience for everyone else.If the issue of VPNs being used is fixed then I definitely will change my review to 'Recommened' but until that happens I would not suggest buying it."
76561198106539274,Recommended,440900,34433222,Posted: 23 August,all,The Pale Emperor,All the clowns saying the game runs like crap... it doesnt. it runs smooth unlike ark an dark & Light. loving it so far
,Not Recommended,440900,29729745,Posted: 5 February,all,Godisnowhere,"bugs, unstable, lags, oh yeah, it's early access game, i should understand.but nearly 200 official servers got destroyed and unplayable for over 48hr due to their stupidity for selecting a partner like them and all they say is EA, EA, EA, EA, EA.Early Access Game : An absolute immunity regardless of whatever the fk you fk up."
,Not Recommended,440900,29609288,Posted: 31 January,all,Helios,"My experience with this Early Access title has been poor. I was only ever able to see one invalid Italian server in-game and was never able to play online. I don't mind lack of content, questionable game mechanics, or general bugs in an Early Access game but broken core functionality that makes playing impossible is something for which I won't settle. Companies should have a bare minimum level of completion before they start charging money. I'm sure the game will improve in time but at this point I do not recommend buying it."
,Not Recommended,440900,29603790,Posted: 31 January,all,123,"Cannot recommend this game, after downloading the game it took me approx 2 hours to get into a server due to crashes, bugs and the fact that there was very few official servers compared to the amount of players. In this game you need an extremely high-end computer to play it with enjoyable graphics, if you dont have a high-end pc you will suffer from severe lagspikes. Also pvp is♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198082163800,Recommended,440900,31316030,Posted: 23 April,all,Antnpe™,"PROS:Player made clothing/tools/weapons/armour, plus awesome base building, pure sandboxCONS:Like most games you get cheaters/sploiters but in this gasme you spend a lot of time buiulding etc & whenyou get raided by sploiters it's hard to stomach having to do it over & over & pretty much thats all you do.other note would be PVP can be unbalanaced also the hammer knockdown spam is skilless & frustrating.OverallGreat graphics/stability/content for an early access game hope to see much more from this game to come."
,Not Recommended,440900,34429791,Posted: 22 August,all,DOD(学习到AFK）,"TBH, it's a good game with excellent core mechanics.Better than The Forest.Suggest to Survial and sandbox player.However, there are a lot of bugs now,the most serious is the weapon lost bug...And lock Chinese IP."
,Not Recommended,440900,34762255,Posted: 5 September,all,Mezzane,"Conan exiles is a game that has potential, in my opinion, to be better than Rust. It does a great job of capturing the immersive feel of being a grimy gross muscle bound savage. It is full of content and map locations. Dungeons and barbarian camps. Many weapons and tiers. A very cool god summoning mechanic. But. The game is literally unplayable. Crashes frequently. Many game breaking bugs. The AI is terrible. Progression takes thousands of years. And once you get to the end of your journey, the only thing left to do is to raid other players. IF you can find a server that is populated and not broken.Conclusively, This game has the potential to be my favorite game ever. But as is the case with so many early access titles, the devs add more content before fixing the core game. I cannot recommend buying this game in its current state."
,Not Recommended,440900,29728127,Posted: 5 February,all,ScoTTisH-GingeR,"Best avoid this game until the server issues and basics are fixed, Currently i am having to disconnect and reconnect so the game responds and i can harvest again while hoping the server knew i was in my base before logging off (doesnt always work and lost a lot of gear). Looks like the game was developed and tested using single player instances as the 70 player server i rented is having issues with the whopping 3 players on it."
76561198041196857,Recommended,440900,29728092,Posted: 5 February,all,Canuck99,"Game has potential, but still plenty of dev work (and time) required to make it a great game."
,Recommended,440900,34516175,Posted: 26 August,all,Indictment,"I dont get why this game has so many negative reviews.....Usually there is ""Kill on sight"" policy in survival games because there is not much to do PvE wise.... and players who have played it for a while end up hunting players cause they have nothing else to do.BUT! in this game there is alot of PvE content, im more then happy to run around for hours and ignore other players :) I would recomend playing on a PVE server to get most out of the game tho :)Yes its buggy cause its early access, but there is alot of good content and you can see the devs have alot planned for this game. I like it and its the best open survival game out there so far as I can see."
76561198125153616,Not Recommended,440900,30306031,Posted: 3 March,all,Viktor Vaughn,"can't build anything anywhere on any official server, all the land is claimed. ALL OF IT."
76561198006042070,Not Recommended,440900,29617907,Posted: 31 January,all,Wulfhorn,No where near playable yet. Do not buy if you actually want to enjoy a game. The price is far too high for the level of completion it is at
76561197978314503,Not Recommended,440900,29707053,Posted: 4 February,all,Crotchrocket,"This game looks like it could be awesome, but in its current state I can't recommend it.  I know, 'early access' and all, but currently high tier players can swipe down the walls of a low-tier player base in 1 - 2 hits (less than a second).  Unless you get started on a base immediately after wipe, it isn't worth investing the time or effort in to base building until you have the highest tier materials (which is WELL in to the standard wipe cycle on vanilla).  The mechanics seem well developed, but the CONSTANT server lag (on any and every server I've tried), timeouts and crashes make what could be an excellent game not worth playing.I also want to mention that the in-game server browser is one of the most frustrating experiences I've ever had with a server browser in any game.  If the browser populates a list of servers (which has about a 1 - in - 3 chance of happening), changing a filter will almost always result in no servers listed.  The 'Favorites' filter displays a large list of servers I never favorited, and NONE of the ones I DID favorite.  Sometimes in order to get the server browser to display anything at all, I have to completely restart the game.  It's a crapshoot.I will come back to this in a month or two and see if it has improved, because it does have a solid foundation, but in its current state it is a waste of time.Just for reference, I have a decent tier PC (I play all the games I have at 1080p on max graphics settings and have never had a problem getting 60+ FPS) and I have a 100mbps internet connection, so I feel comfortable with the idea that few if any of the problems described above could be issues with my local environment or machine."
76561197983160408,Recommended,440900,29614881,Posted: 31 January,all,Rutleif Breistein,ye
,Recommended,440900,29732481,Posted: 5 February,all,Ishla,"This game has a tremendous potential.That being said, on release and up until today (February 5, 2017) playing online is still quite difficult even with low ping - having a few players on server is enough to lag it up. So if you're willing to play with friends on a big server to have epic PVP battles, maybe wait a bit.The overall gameplay, however, is very good. Buildings are very visually appealing and easy to place or dismantle - you can rotate them with mouse scroll before you place them or merely press two buttons to get back around a fifth of what you spent.PVE is a mouthful, though you'll probably spend the first hours killing Hyenas and running from Rhinos. But after you're geared up it gets insane, with plenty of creatures to slay and places to explore in the handcrafted scenery.Thrall system seems pretty good so far, except combat types still cannot target humans. =( They'll wreck anything else, though.The fighting per se is still quite unpolished, given you WILL face stutters, and a few hitboxes need to be fixed, causing you to sometimes get stuck inside of creatures.Overall a good game, if you can deal with the fact it's Early Access and still lacking.But hey,what's best in life?"
,Recommended,440900,29638726,Posted: 1 February,all,Guy,It is hard not to compare this game to Ark in so many ways. UI is more steamlined and intuitive. Looking forward to spending time in Exiles. Well worth the $29 price.I guess if there is one thing I would add to future updatesd  would be a slider to make your♥♥♥♥♥♥♥massive.
76561198034144733,Recommended,440900,29609925,Posted: 31 January,all,JKyle37,"Very fun, harsh, adventure/survival game. I have played on singleplayer/co-op exclusinvlyso far. Game runs well, looks great, however it for sure shows it's early access card. meshes off at times, hair reflects light like a mirror. oddities lik that.Combat feels much better than ark, with no lag to take into account that is. I had fun learning through trial and error what creatures i could and couldn't kill at my early level (wach out for emus!)I exspect I will get my 30$ worth easily, and look forward to seeing this game devlop!"
,Not Recommended,440900,29603508,Posted: 31 January,all,____,"rubbish game, i knew i should've followed my instinct with not purchasing."
,Recommended,440900,29705197,Posted: 4 February,all,Bedsize,"Conan Exiles has so much potentonal, but the current state of the game, is a hallow and a unfinished mess.! - That makes you question the experience of Funcoms/Conan Exiles gamedesigners.AI:AI is a joke, a really stupid and sad joke.With the new damage mechanics, there is no challenge in killing anything less of a boss in Conan Exiles.Run into a crown of villagers/Indians or whatever they are, and swing your weapon a few times, and they are dead, you are left with 100-90% life, since the AI is so slow and non responsive, that they dont react to your presence before it to late.COMBAT:Combat system is so simple and basic, it get borring after a few minutes. It has big hit, fast hit, dodge and block, but in the late game, every normal animal or npc dies with 2 fast hits and players 3 hits, so whats the point.BASEBUILDING:Basebuilding is fun and deep, and offers lots of enjoyment to those who like this part of the game, its really well done and a strong aspect of the game. But its pointless to build anything impressive, since any smart clan will choose to build multiply small hidden bases, rather than one impressive base.RAIDING/DEFENCEBase raiding and base defense is also pointless because of the gods, there is no point in raiding with explosive, since its much more effective to use a god.For private servers who has disabled the gods, raiding is a complete and utterly fuc.ed up mess.Explosives vs buildings is fine and feels realistic.But when it comes to actual raiding a base, im stunned how little effort seems to be put into making this a viable and useful game mechanics.Build a base on a cliff, and remove 1 staircase before the raiders arrive, and your base is unraidable and safe. Or build a t1 staircase leading up to a t2 door, and the raiders themselves will destroy the only way into your base.Furthermore its possible to build while your base is undergoing a raid. As a defender of your base, you can build a maze base without roof, and position yourself a level above the maze, and place walls in the middle of the raiding party as they progress through your maze, effectually stopping any raid, since they get boxed in and cant place any explosives without blowing themself up. Trapped.!Or you can simply repair the walls the raiders are trying to destroy, standing in safty on the other side of the walls, with some resources, you as the defender can easily repair any building faster than the explosives can take them down.RESSURCES AND CRAFTING:The crafting system is pretty decent, basic crafts need 1 or 2 components, and advanced crafts needs a mixture of new components and lesser tier crafts components.Advanced crafts requires you or your clan to have alot of machinery/infrastructure in your base, and forces you to harvest resources from many different sources all over the map.Building a big and impressive base with the best material requires a crapp-ton of work, and good knowledge of the map. Just the way it should be for a game like Conan Exiles. - To bad it all will be destroyed in less than a minute with a god.THRALLS:Another aspect of Conan Exiles that is mostly done well.The thrall system is actually a bit innovative, and could be improved to really espand the gameplay. But its a bit barebone as of now.But basically, one part of the thrall system is a way to upgrade your infrastructure to perform better and/or enables you to build new and rare gear.Another part of the thrall system is to improve the defenses of your base, but due the the AI this is in most cases just an scare factor and a way to stresstest your computers cpu.In most cases melee thralls will only function as a 2 hit moving meatwall, and archers cant hit any moving targets or anything at all if the target is more than 30 degrees below them.SUMMERY:Conan Exiles really do has potentonal to be a great game one day, but the current state of the game feels so incomplete, with poorly designed mechanics through out most aspects of the game.The one and only thing that makes me come back to this game, is the base building Conan offers, and a well administrated private server, without gods, and rules against unraidable base designs.I will recommend this game, but its only barly. - and i urge every gamer that are in doubt to read some of the negative reviews before buying this game.I highly doubt this will be ready for an release in less than one year - But i hope Funcom proves me wrong! :)"
,Recommended,440900,29698696,Posted: 4 February,all,Raptor,"It's a refreshing experience with a lot of new and improved survival features. The story is great and the developers are putting a lot of work in optimising and making the adventure better. Since I've played both rust and ark before, I can assure you that Conan won't let you down any time soon! There are a lot of bad reviews regarding the launch and it's bugs, but they weren't as game breaking as they say. After all, 5 patches in a couple of days (a lot of effort - keep that in mind ) solved most of the problems. If you don't have any friends to play it with yet, you'll find some ingame! Early acces and an amazing game already!Long story short, Conan Exiles deserves more credit than it gets!Now I gotta go back in game and catch myself a performer! God damn corruption!"
76561198030945114,Recommended,440900,29628203,Posted: 1 February,all,rob225,Player Conan for about 20 hours since release and I'm very happy. The game looks great very well polished. I did encounter a few minor bugs but nothing that would stop me from playing. Remember this is Early Release and the game will only get better.
,Recommended,440900,29618170,Posted: 31 January,all,Stanimir,"Shows great promise, when technical issues such as crippling lag are fixed. May want to wait, unless you're a big fan of Howard/Conan (as I am), then it's worth taking the plunge now."
,Recommended,440900,29710517,Posted: 4 February,all,AlphasMora,"So at first I was 100% ready to hate on this game and get a refund.....then I stepped back remembered it was a early access and gave it a chance! OMG I am so happy I did....keep in mind again if you do jump on the EA train there ARE GOING TO BE GLITCHES, but the Devs are so great about updates and patches and just communicating I really don't mind the hiccups here and there. I can see the potential and the crafting, gathering, and fighting are all pretty good for the stage the game is in....so no complaints here. I'm running this off my acer laptop with medium set for my textures and everything else low and it still is a beautiful game. I love all the freedom I have with crafting and having to work to unlock recipes, if you like minecraft you'll love conan, just again keep in mind there are hiccups from time to time oh and the best way to fight and gather is gonna be in fp. I usually like outside view so I can see anything coming but have learned that fp is the best! Anyways enjoy hope to see you online! :)"
76561198289925402,Recommended,440900,29641525,Posted: 1 February,all,GameofJohno,need reccomened requirments minimum requirements tends to crash i would only recommend it if you have decent computer
76561198007516932,Recommended,440900,29641499,Posted: 1 February,all,noemiecrat,Enjoying it so far!! Will update as I get deeper into things.
76561198017871546,Recommended,440900,29615989,Posted: 31 January,all,DKcool,AWESOME!!!
76561198184324271,Recommended,440900,29620050,Posted: 31 January,all,TayTaySupreme,"A drunken 2 hour playthough got me some fun. Do it bullet point stylePros-Like Rust plus Ark-Conan style-Has potenialCons-Everything that comes with EA-Everything that comes with day one releases-If i complained about anything else it would be covered under the above bullets....I recommend it because i had fun, its hard to say whats to come of this game but its similar to ark and rust like i said so if you dig those 2 games buy this even with a steep price of 30 american bones."
,Recommended,440900,29618280,Posted: 31 January,all,SoccerMiniMe,Fun game :D
,Recommended,440900,29618356,Posted: 31 January,all,Officer McDoogle,"after 45 minutes of trying to find a server, i finally was able to find one and it happened to be the same one my friends were on. its fun like when i first played ark but man getting in servers is extremely difficult for me. my friends dont seem to have this problem but i still recommend this game despite not being able to play for the first 45 minutes of it"
76561198119098891,Recommended,440900,29618342,Posted: 31 January,all,Aqaaqa,:)
76561198090831681,Recommended,440900,29618389,Posted: 31 January,all,Scary Terry,"I don't always post reviews, but when i do the game is good. the game is very promising and enjoyable to play. killing animals is just annoying for the teleportation otherwise its not as laggy as it was, runs solid 60+fps most of the time on ultra. Also beautiful landscapes and more to come when people actually decide to go North."
76561197960684671,Recommended,440900,30512100,Posted: 14 March,all,JunkRat_Manowar,"They have been fixing alot of issues latley and constant updates are making this game better and better.So much can be done with this game i  don't listen to the negative reviews some ppl do not even understand what a game in early access is they think they are getting polished game before the alpha / beta ?The Devs are working fast , even faster then i have seen in many early games before constant updates with fixes and all kinds of stuff i like this so far keep up the good work. Also the lag issues that were earlier are next to gone with the new regional servers really nice."
,Recommended,440900,29630988,Posted: 1 February,all,Dreimos,"Great game, early access so you can expect bugs, not sure why people are complaining so much. Find a low ping server and all your problems go away.Get real people and stop leaving garbage feedback because you run into bugs in an early access game, the issues will be resolved."
76561198046999977,Recommended,440900,29632038,Posted: 1 February,all,Steph Nuggs,"Finally! A game where I can crush my enemies, see them driven before me and hear the lamentations of their women!!"
76561198042174583,Recommended,440900,29632332,Posted: 1 February,all,RalphyEricsson,"Good game, great potential!"
76561198122828477,Recommended,440900,29632475,Posted: 1 February,all,Kaladiza,"When you start off you really wanna be playing with a friend. This game is choppy but thats what you get for wanting to play an early access game I have no problem with that. I recomend this game for sure and will tell others about it. Amazing experiance so far, funny to watch all the people lag in and out of rocks in my opinion.One thing I hope the Devs see is that I can play for hours on end in a server I go to leave to do ( IRL stuff....not that I want too) but when I come back I cannot connect to the same server. I get an error saying ""cannont connect you have been disconected"" or ""Battleye has kicked you"" you get the idea of whats going on. I have started multiple new servers now in hope I can reconect but it ends up being a waste of time till I know I can rejoin.That being said I am sad to say I wont be playing this until I am able to join my server I started on.......I guess I just have to come back every morning and check real quick."
,Recommended,440900,29674579,Posted: 3 February,all,Colonel Cuckold,"Conan Exiles is, in comparison to other survival games, is the best released survival game. Its actually optimized and looks decent. Has a fair assortment of features on day one. A good looking game world, with plenty of enemys. Not to mention the devs have been updating the game like crazy, proving their dedication.My only major issue is the fact its not easy to get started, with you aggroing just about every monster while you are trying to make a bed. Some of the crafting requirments is also a bit rediculous, especially compared to how little trees and stones give you.I had to play singleplayer in order to actually make a game that drops a bareable amount of XP and resources to get started in the game world.Overall though once you get started the game is great so far, with tons of potential. As many reviewers are saying, this is pretty much the survival game we have been waiting for, if they dont ♥♥♥♥ it up that is.Some call it an Ark clone, but Ark is a Rust clone, so they can go ♥♥♥♥ off. At least i can actually play this game unlike Ark, which its optimization is♥♥♥♥♥♥even today and its been out for years."
,Recommended,440900,29692657,Posted: 4 February,all,Gangleri,"Conan is by far my favorite books of all time. I've read nearly all of them, and i can safely say this game is doing them justice. It has its issues (EA of course) but the developers are all over them, these guys (and girls) care about there playerbase and there game. First time in a long time i have such high hopes for an early acess game. Definitly recommend joing in to help make this game amazing, and expierience the world of Conan!"
76561197971329936,Recommended,440900,29727741,Posted: 5 February,all,Plissken,"This is a very polished game for being in early access and it being the first couple days of launch crazyness. People have been going mad about the lag and disconnects and rubberbanding etc... which I also experienced on the first couple servers I joined. BUT. The trick is to find a good server. I joined a server a couple days ago that has literally ZERO lag or rubber banding. The NPCs all path perfectly. Literally 90% of the bugs that I experienced on other servers don't exist on this one. So before you give up hope and throw this game aside for a few more weeks while the devs patch it up, take a long hard search for a solid server. They're our there.Highly recommend this game if your into ritual sacrifice, human slavery, and floppy **** physics."
76561198047916660,Recommended,440900,29728520,Posted: 5 February,all,BlackStarAlpha,"Usually I don't bother posting reviews, but this game (and game devs!) deserve an exception.They way Funcom has handled the post release apocalypse of a game of this complexity is exemplary and rarely seen in the EA space.Even on this Sunday they released bugfixes and patches.And being built on the robust Unreal Engine 4, I'm VERY hopeful for the future of this game!"
,Recommended,440900,29738637,Posted: 6 February,all,InfectedRPG,"-=- Conan Exiles review -=-From 20hrs of gameplay I can confirm that  this is one of the hardest survival games I have played in a long time and its not like im new to them with around 600hrs in rust you'd think it would be pretty easy starting off. wrong... as soon as you spawn you are being slashed from all angles by the harsh sands and the barren wasteland you first set eyes on are as unforgiving as the devil himself! with just a waterskin pouch and a note on a near by rock you are forced to collect plant fiber, rocks and branches to create your first tools and weapons. The one thing you don't want to do is approach npc's early on. they will ♥♥♥♥ you up. crocodiles are another thing you'd want to stay away from at low levels.Over all I love this game so far even with all the lag that comes with it, if your a fan of open world and survival games, you should check this out!8.5/10"
76561198006978121,Recommended,440900,29738908,Posted: 6 February,all,Parranoid,"Conan Exiles is not finished yet... but the game is very much fun, already in this state of production."
76561198301013818,Recommended,440900,29744451,Posted: 6 February,all,Rappo the dog,Great game and a lot of potential
76561197992161006,Recommended,440900,29763394,Posted: 7 February,all,Rivaldmans,"Has promise, only time will tell but i think its worth the price."
76561198068841004,Recommended,440900,29763969,Posted: 7 February,all,PROPHET,After playing Conan exiles for over 20 hours and encountering countless bugs random disconnects and rubber banding npcs I still find myself loving this game it has so much potential and not to mention the amount of RP  servers already out there makes it even better.The best thing to do when starting out is to try single player and this is where you see the depth that this game has to offer I found myself going in to the admin panel and being amazed at the amount off different weapons and armour sets and not only that but also just how many different creatures there are from elephants to dragons to weird little imps and also human tribe npcs that will mess your day up if your ill prepared for a fight.The Conan exiles map is bigger than you first may think upon looking at it with every setting from jungle to beach and then in to harsher areas that give you corruption if you enter and it's the same when entering some caves that are scattered around the world.I feel like I'm have barely scratched the surface after mentioning all of the above and let's not forget this is an early access game that has only been out for over a week' the last thing to say is if you like the ark engine feel with abit more of a grind and serious setting then give it a try.
,Recommended,440900,29764767,Posted: 7 February,all,Riffian,"Solid survival game set in the Conan universe. A few bugs, feels a lot more polished than other games of a similar ilk when they were/are in early access. Hoping for more great things in the future!"
76561197972972517,Recommended,440900,29788835,Posted: 8 February,all,tullekop,Excellent Slog Fest.
,Recommended,440900,29789947,Posted: 8 February,all,im not black im retarded,I couldn't really tell whether I liked it or not due to the first week being very laggy. Refunded and plan on purchasing it once the servers can handle themselves. The game seems quite cool though.
76561198064940241,Recommended,440900,29814528,Posted: 9 February,all,[GG]OfficerDoofy,"Fun game Lot of potential,   Great crafting system.  Pleanty of content to keep players outside wandering the map.  If you run a solo player game and go into the admin menu you can see there is alot more to be implimented.I only hope the dev's keep the current crafting system.  Simple and dont over complicate it with systems that require you to craft 6 different peices to then craft into a final product like rust did.   Rust was so much better when it first released.   Simple and fun,  when you make things take too much time or to complex it kills these kinds of games.   Keep it simple this way dieing or getting raided isnt too dishearting.Before the carebear comments come in.  Personally Ive always played hardcore full loot pvp games it doesnt bother me to much to lose my stuff and rebuild.   But what i keep noticing is groups get raided and half of them lose all interest because of the time and effort it takes to get even remotly back to where they were.... Keep it simple keep it fun."
,Recommended,440900,29831405,Posted: 10 February,all,Venomlemon,By far my favourite craft & survive experience. Focus on brutal combat the crafing is just means to an end. You should keep your eyes peeled toward the cruel world of Hyboria!
76561198049740118,Recommended,440900,29840729,Posted: 10 February,all,Loliko,"This game is amazing for a early access. Even with the amount of glitches its very enjoyable. Crafting building gathering is all nicely done and the monster difficulty is nice. I am drooling waiting for them to release more systems like magic. Now for the issues, Other players. This is a PvP game so some things are understandable. The main problem is 'claiming'. Groups of players go around making walls or using foundations to 'claim' massive zones forcing new players to be unable to progress. Higher tier workers materials monsters for experience. All of this gets locked out for the lower players and to get past it a player would need around level 30. Which is almost impossible to attain without getting into higher level lands. The end result is a very small group of high level players with full blown gear harrassing and killing low level undergeared players with impunity. Most of these players justify theyre actions as skill. It really isnt. And they tend to be a extremely bad social influence on the game and its population. The company has stated they will start working on making it so players cant do this form of abuse.Now while i had alot to say about the con of the current game, this is a amazing game and given time could turn out to be one of the best of the survival genre of gaming.Thats just my view, luck."
76561198147539210,Recommended,440900,29667677,Posted: 3 February,all,Machi,where is my offical server#160???
,Recommended,440900,29639676,Posted: 1 February,all,djj,It's a pretty fun game! I recommend it. A little laggy from the servers. Runs really smooth! There is a couple jitter here and there but its pretty smooth! Can't wait to see what the devs got in store for us!
,Recommended,440900,29644407,Posted: 2 February,all,Timmeh,"Loving it so far, even in its obvious alpha state. This game has so much potential and I'm excited to see it flourish."
76561198007163003,Recommended,440900,29684155,Posted: 3 February,all,Couch Licker,"I missed the Ark train but coming from the Minecraft golden age, I have been having a blast with this. There is surprisingly a lot of depth already in just this build of the game and I fully intend to ride this out."
,Recommended,440900,29614828,Posted: 31 January,all,Golyn,"Manged to get a bit of play time in during my lunch break (about an hour so far).  Here are my earliest impressions:Pros:-The sound and music are fantastic.  The thunder sounds during the beginning were awesome.- Graphics, so far, are very nice.- If you've played other survival sandbox games the interface/controls will mostly be familiar to you.- So far, the survival mechanics aren't overly brutal.  Within my short period of play time, I had a shelter up.- It's Conan!!- Workshop and mod support!- The developers seem very responsive to the community so far.- Can hide my ""endowment"" so I can play while my kids are in the room.Cons- The server list is a little slow and wonky (devs are working on this right now).- Need a ""Connect to my friends"" option in server browserGreat experience so far overall.  Looking forward to seeing how the game develops and what the community does with it.  Remember, it's Early Access.  There will be bugs, however, for a Day 1, it's pretty good!"
,Recommended,440900,29621269,Posted: 31 January,all,Dacian Prayer,"As early acess titles go, this one was pretty well rolled out with minimal bugs and issues.Sure there is ocassional lags in MP and some bugs but nothing game breaking so far..plus some of the issues I've had with servers have been fixed before this review.It's hella fun and with a lot of promise..I am already addicted.Can't wait to see how it progressesEdit: There's also a♥♥♥♥♥♥and Boob slider so there is that too."
,Recommended,440900,29707886,Posted: 4 February,all,The Weekday,"Its an early access title. What do people expect? It seems like for 30 dollars and early access you get a fully finished polished triple A title. Its a good project, has great potential, and down the line itll be totally worth the price tag. If bugs and lag scare you then wait. If lack of content will scare you then wait. Simple as that."
,Recommended,440900,29696703,Posted: 4 February,all,Gimy,"""Conan Exiles is an open world survival crafting game that is currently in early access on Steam. ""Underlining ""early access"" for everyone to see.Rushing in to review the game in just one day from launch, less than 1h played and giving it a negative review is not the way to go!It's day 3 now and I can surly say we are on the right path. This game has potential to change the Open World Survival genre. Taking tips from games like ARK and Rust, mashing them up with the epic story of Conan the Barbarian, a full spoon of imagination we get Conan Exiles.Big world to explore full of beasts and NPCs (more to come). Many crafting possibilities (also more to come). Different ways to play, depending on what you would like your character to be. And many more awesome stuff you just have to see for yourself! (There is FULL nudity for all you pervs out there ;) )My opinion: BUY IT! It's still early access so some bugs and game mechanics are not implemented and if you are not the trusting kind, than wait for the full release and BUY IT!"
76561198138391984,Recommended,440900,29642762,Posted: 1 February,all,Boobisoft,I get there are a ton of bugs and issues with the game right now. But keep in mind that the game just released and already it's better than when ark started. Without the bugs and issues so far the game is great and I think the crafting system is great. I HIGHLY recommend this game to people who are into survival games or the genre of action rpg. People be patient because the game just came out as early access beta a couple days ago so lets see where this goes.DEVS PLEASE READ BELOW:Playing the game with a friend I have found these issues below*nps teleporting all around the place when moving until they get up close*Tools/Weapon animations are glitchy*When I use the bow my arrows seemingly disappear after use and do no damage*Frames skip here and there but is improved a little bit since last update (keep it up)*In 1st person the Weapon/Tool animations could be smoother*In 1st person when having a Weapon/Tool equipped I think whatever you are holding should sway a little as you move the character because right now it's just kinda stiff and looks like it just floats there with youThats all I could think of at the moment but so far you guys are doing a great job with the game and is taking a big risk releasing an early access with how cruel the community can be to early access games having a lot of issues on release. One thing I do advise is to release more updates and content as frequent as possible so that the game can stay fresh and fun for us players. From watching your videos you guys put out on youtube you guys seem like you care. But so do a lot of other companies. Hope you guys keep up the work and continue to make a great conan experience for fans or newcomers alike.Thanks!
,Recommended,440900,29643180,Posted: 1 February,all,rageinducer,"Runs so much smoother than that dinosaur monstrocity. Lots of potential for the devs to aim for. Can't wait to see what else they have in store. Beyond the server problems the devs are actively fixing, my only complaint is there is not enough time in a day to keep playing."
76561198023789665,Recommended,440900,29699481,Posted: 4 February,all,Greg Bumplekin,"Despite some frustrating lag and server issues, I recommend this game. Here's why, but first let's get something out of the way. I love ARK and Rust. But both of these games were almost unplayable at launch. Funcom has been rolling out fixes and balance patches every day since launch. Already Conan runs much better than it did a couple days ago. It is also has far more optimized graphics then pretty much every other early access survival game. It looks and runs well. The content is fun too. The map is huge and packed with dungens, caves, bosses, npc camps, and monsters. This game is fun even in single player because of it. The admin and server settings are extensive and very user friendly. In short this game is good. Miles above other early acces games at launch. I hope the devs keep listening and patching, because they have done a good job so far."
76561198364018770,Recommended,440900,29715769,Posted: 5 February,all,katherine.rosland,"I love the world and the gameplay. It is very addicting and works very well as a cooperative game. For an early access game, the performance is very good."
,Recommended,440900,29619249,Posted: 31 January,all,Vlad Yaroslav,I am enjoying it and look forward to the next updates!
76561198012496379,Recommended,440900,29621293,Posted: 31 January,all,Xeres,"I have been reading a lot of reviews now, and wanted to add my 2 cents as I think many people are being very unfair. This is an Early Access game, and should be evaluated as such. That being said, Funcom (as opposed to most of its survival peers) will be able to improve things quickly, and have clearly stated the game will be in EA only a year.The gameplay is great! character creation is deep, the first biome is gorgeous, the combat has so much potential (but admittedly needs further work) and in my opinion the game functioned beyond my expectations. i played on a PVP server with battle eye, but with no more than 30 players, and it worked really well. the building is AMAZING and i didnt experience a single bug. I have app 600 hours in Ark, and it annoys the hell out of me that they still havent fixed bugs - i believe Funcom will do a far better job at that! they will add a bunch of content later as well - this game will provide entertainment for a long while going forward:)"
76561198139827752,Recommended,440900,29621958,Posted: 31 January,all,Emshe17,"Has amazing potential, hopefully the game continues to add content and fixes, so far the game has been fun to play in singleplayer with amazing graphics!! keep up the good work devs!!"
,Recommended,440900,29643219,Posted: 1 February,all,bman78,So far it has been lots of fun.  play with friends and then sacrifce them because that is what friends do.
76561198193393930,Recommended,440900,29744775,Posted: 6 February,all,Fahad,"i had so much fun playing this game , 60 hours <3"
76561198039357491,Recommended,440900,29747569,Posted: 6 February,all,Grimkor,"Despite all the drama surrounding the server stability, the truth is that with a private server or on single player the game runs pretty flawlessly.  The lack of content was expected (at least by me) going in because this is early access.  That being said I have enough fun building and enslaving thralls that I don't see myself getting bored of what is available unless Funcom's content pushes are too few and too infrequent."
76561197987752132,Recommended,440900,29749108,Posted: 6 February,all,fxR,"Excellent base building, tons of options at the start and lots to do in game. With that said there is lots left to be implemented into the game. Dedicated developers working around the clock pumping out updates. Game is very fun and an excellent early access survival game. Many of the issues at the start have been addressed including laggy servers. Having a blast and will continue to play as it developes. So much potential. A+ dev team who cares about their product."
76561198003174568,Recommended,440900,29753230,Posted: 6 February,all,Sleepwalker,"I swore to never buy EA's again, but Im glad I ignored the mixed reviews and picked this up. Its been fun, polished for how early it is in the development."
76561197964079411,Recommended,440900,29632404,Posted: 1 February,all,Hank,The game is a ton of fun. It's early access expect there to be issues. Two thumbs up.
,Recommended,440900,29632543,Posted: 1 February,all,Keys2bonez,"Conan Exiles is the latest Sandbox Survival game by Funcom. With that said let's dive into my review!I have spent a few hours playing. Let me start with my play style. I am a twitch streamer. The game was live streamed all through my experience. I went through the setup of my own server to play on. This was a feat to set up a server and took me numerous times of going through the server setup making small changes each time until the server popped online. (from the server launch to showing up is roughly 10-15 minutes total)Once the game was launched and online I noticed a couple small problems. If you searched for servers and then clicked the refresh, I basically had to shut down the game and log back in to have servers show up. Exiting out of the game often caused a glitch where it shows ""running"" in steam. Which forced me to use the task manager to close the game in order to launch it again.Once I had all the minor things smoothed out I went to actually run the game! Which I noticed the game when running basically shut my internet off in anything OUTSIDE of Conan Exiles. No google chrome, no Edge browser. No anything. It was like it shut my internet off outside of the game. This was a small annoyance. With a small deal of patience though I noticed that it worked itself out. It still does this at the time at writing.When in game connected to my server everything worked flawless making my character and logging in. Once in game I noticed a small bit of rubber banding and lag (my ping to my server fluctuated from 4-40 depending on my music playing etc.)The game itself plays like a standard survival game. You are left to your own devices and must survive. I will say that death seemed to come swiftly the first couple minutes of the game until I had the swing of it. I am a MOBA player mostly. So survival games are not quite my thing. This is no fault of the Devs. I found no real fault in playing the game however. Everything functioned how it was supposed to.I did notice when killing a mob I got a lore piece named XX_lorepiece_10. This is expected in an early access game. Be aware that they do exist.When I had an issue with server setup (going back a small bit) I was able to find all the answers on the forums or in a short google search. Through trial and error all was well. Please be patient and try different things. DMZ is your friend as you set things up and get the server running at first. Do not leave it DMZ'd however. It just removes a massive amount of issues.I want to give the dev's a +1 to all the floppy dongs and bush in the game. Is it necessary? Absolutely not. Does it add something to the game? Yes. Tons of laughter as a sword and board equipped naked barbarian runs up on you and twerks while saying ""Look at it! Rawghghrhrhr""Would I recommend the game? Absolutely. As long as you have patience and realize that the game is EARLY ACCESS. It will have issues. If you are impatient. I would say to pass it up and wait for a more stable build.Funcom seems to be active in the discussion threads. Throwing advice out regularly and keeping the community going. The server support (although windows only) and the mod support at launch of early access is a great addition. Being able to use my own server in my home and play my way increases the value of the game. At 29.99 the game is about industry standard and competitively priced.Load up your rigs boys. Extend your package, open your boxes and hit that desert naked folks. You won't be disappointed, even with the bugs."
76561198007928180,Recommended,440900,29636673,Posted: 1 February,all,Wolfmoon,"Great game!I've played a good 17 hours on this so far and its what i wanted and expected. Great survival aspects, amazing enviroments and a great soundtrack. Now I did find the melee combat a bit lacking but remember this is an early access. Saying that however, there is ALOT of content, i've barely scratched the surface. In terms of bugs, i've found little ones, nothing game breaking or soul destroying.All round great game, I would highly recommend this to anyone into their survival or fantasy games."
,Recommended,440900,29673089,Posted: 3 February,all,Stelios,"After 8 hours of game I have a house , a clan and a sex slave at the wheel of pain that I feed only with rotten meat. Maybe that's why it keeps dieing. I also have lost everything more than 10 times, ran with my♥♥♥♥♥♥out in the forest countless times while getting chased from every possible creep out there and got to teabag the corpse of a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that tried to steal my rhinocerus  hide. 10/10 I did that all over again after a 3 hours rollback that caused me to lose everything.DEVs: don't get greedy please. Finish EA  first."
76561198065183139,Recommended,440900,29674793,Posted: 3 February,all,leon13r,"There are some issues at the moment, and if you don´t like survival games or early access you are not going to like this, but if you like survival games this one is worth checking out."
76561198026551490,Recommended,440900,29691437,Posted: 4 February,all,Archimaster,Not bad for early access.
76561198005395269,Recommended,440900,29691494,Posted: 4 February,all,Phobos,"Really fun. Still EA, but really, really worth the price if you like survival games. Looks great as well."
76561198117012378,Recommended,440900,29691754,Posted: 4 February,all,One-Man Mob !,"i like this game so much BUT these lags and crashes are killing me screen freezes and then the game closes , it's not just memy friend has this problem too ... i hope they fix it soon !"
,Recommended,440900,29694844,Posted: 4 February,all,707,nicely done launch with content for at least 600 hours of gameplay allready in it. The world feels very alive. The lags dont seem to be that bad on good servers. In 24 hrs i witnessed two lagspikes with 25 ppl online. If you want to support a grand game in its early stages and like medieval fantasy worlds and survival you should buy.
76561198111591639,Recommended,440900,29721045,Posted: 5 February,all,Pweeze,"As an Early Access game, I will do my best to review as an Early Access. - Keep in mind, I play on a private server.Pro's:1. Funcom is actively and aggressively doing all they can to fix the server issues of lag. Even going so far as to seek out new partnerships. - 8/102. Graphics for this stage are great! 10/103. Mobs / NPCs- aren't falling off cliffs or doing odd pathing (so far).4. Realism 9/105. Price - Good. - No one buys the game without being told several times it is early access. - 9/106. For just being released as an Early Access, the game itself is pretty stable. 7/10Cons:1. Private Server connectivity issues - You have to use the ""back door"" to connect to private servers. - Meaning go through the Steam - Conan Exiles selection - View - Servers - Then add the server information. Nothing we have done has fixed this on client side. - 3/102. Light stuttering on occasion. - nothing too bad. 7/103. NPC collision / pathing issues on aggro. A mob got ""stuck"" in the water and couldn't seem to make it to shore. - If we can duplicate this, we will file a bug report. 4/104. Family member says they looted a grub and crashed to the desktop playing single - non public or private server.5. Some audio issue with a hyenia after we killed it. Again, if we can duplicate it, it will be bug reported.--Right now with only 9 hours of playtime, this review is limited. I'll update as I go.--My Graphics card:Nvidia GTX 970CPU:i5- Quad, 3450@3.10GhzRAM:32"
76561197988637658,Recommended,440900,29726112,Posted: 5 February,all,DedSec3,"Crafted a bow and arrow and shot at a massive tree. Tree collapsed immediately. The power of the Gods is in my hands!...Yes, the game has bugs."
,Recommended,440900,29728734,Posted: 5 February,all,Hebby,"It's like ARK, but in the Conan universe with some interesting twists. Devs have been active so far (some days have seen more than one patch). Don't play if you're not familiar with early access; your stuff will ultimately be destroyed/wiped, there will be balancing issues, and you'll just have to get over it. The game has been out in EA less than a week and I'm surprised people have given it negative reviews because of those things I just mentioned, but I guess that's how Steam reviews go."
76561198094057399,Recommended,440900,29748754,Posted: 6 February,all,Micmart,The devs have done some great work! I love this game it is really fun. I do recommend it to everyone who has played open world survival games. Well worth the money and can not wait for when it is fully complete. Be wary of building supplies though because some building parts are weak. Fair Warning!
76561197968813160,Recommended,440900,29756119,Posted: 6 February,all,Thunderthumbz,"I will finish this review after some more time playing.  However, initial impressions are good.  I played ARK right when it came out on EA... I spent way more time chasing dead dinos floating away from me than i have just avoiding certain death in  Conan.  Based on that alone... A+."
,Recommended,440900,29763612,Posted: 7 February,all,Paracosma,"So I've got over ten hours in the game now, and feel like I've got a solid idea of what Funcom is offering. Is the game buggy? Oh yes. Has it broken the game for me? Only on a couple of servers I tried out. I finally found a server that worked well for me, and I've had minimal lag and rubberbanding issues, no worse than a lot of games that have been available for much longer. The game is early access, and with that designation, particularly in the first week, comes the expectations that there will be issues. Case in point, the phantom spawing issues for crafing materials. But the devs have so far been wonderful in fast and frequent updates towards bugs and seem determined to release an optomized game.The second reason I'll reccomend this game is that the devs seem to have a clear vision of where the game is headed. The closest game to this one I've played is ark, but they shrouded a lot of their end game goals, particularly in the beginning in mystery, and never have seemed to have a clear direction beyond adding more dinos. Now, I'll be the first to say I love ark, but I appreciate the effort that conan has already put into fleshing out the world from the start. There are ruins to explore, notes to find, different races with seperate lore, entire cities, dungeons, etc. It feels more cohesive, and it's a wonderful launching point, and I'm excited to see what they add to this.Finally, there entry level building system is a lot better than equivalent games. It has a similiar placement mechanic as Ark, but already has rugs, tables, braziers, trophies, chairs, banners, etc, that help me immerse myself in the game and really make my base feel special to me. I'me still waiting on a dying system and maybe a paint system for walls, but I really appreciate that the game is already open to rp-ing builders."
,Recommended,440900,29764061,Posted: 7 February,all,top,Bought it just to♥♥♥♥♥♥bear off.
,Recommended,440900,29765638,Posted: 7 February,all,Manistar,Funcom please keep developing this game and fixing it!!for now i am waiting for new updates to come ...
,Recommended,440900,29785766,Posted: 8 February,all,Kurmblog,"yes yes early access, bugs, needs improvement and bla bla bla but....extremely addictive, I love the aesthetics of the game and the adult approach to everything (boobies AND♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ yes this may seem childish at the beggining but, why in every game they had to cover the private parts?as well we have the subject of thralls, the developers have been very brave on this, and for that I salute them, you know how awesome looks my castle full of archers, guards, cooks and smiths? finally a castle that doesn't look like an empty barren...relatively realistic weapons, a true sense of danger even on high levels...if you like survivals, fantasy and of course... Conan... don't hesitate get this game!"
76561198059940260,Recommended,440900,29791193,Posted: 8 February,all,Trehann,its a beautiful world to play in i enjoy the crafting aspect the fighting is eh but doable
,Recommended,440900,29793473,Posted: 8 February,all,Hadoukhai,"I really like the genre (Rust, Ark, etc) but I have always been looking for a middle age style. It just came out in EA like a week ago so give it time to run through the bugs but it looks promising."
76561198112722743,Recommended,440900,29808775,Posted: 9 February,all,Pirraya,"Excellent survival game, now i have conan and ark as my standar survival games.I know for a fact this game will be superb once they work a bit more on it.Adding a few more fun things, such as parachute, or hopefully a type of gliding through the air.Cant wait for the big update regarding taming and mounts!GG Funcom, well done, i'm rooting for you guys! <3"
,Recommended,440900,29809015,Posted: 9 February,all,Freaky,"PLEASE READ!Ok so I've played 7 hours already which for the majority has been on multiplayer. Before I delve into the pros and cons of this game just remember this is an alpha and bugs and performance issues is inevitable....Pros:This game in its current state looks amazing.Building/crafting is fluid and easy,Community is great and seems like everyone loves to help each other out.Cons:Compared to other alphas, the multiplayer is on the edge of unplayable. After each update the game seems to get worse. The updates either cause servers to lag more and or create so many new bugs. I've realised I have been getting disconnected more often. In fact, when I'm in a server, I get a message every minute saying I have lost connection to the server.Game crashes are unbearable. Don't get me wrong, I am a very patient person, but having to restart your game over 10 times just to get to the menu is a joke. My PC is above average specs-wise.The server list needs work. If you join a server, it's almost impossible to find it again. There are ways around this but is not always full-proof so keep that in mind.There aren't many cons to be honest. This game has a lot of potential, but in its current state its probably worth waiting for a bit until they sort out their multiplayer.In terms of single player, I have not encountered any problems apart from a few glitches here and there, but playing single player gets boring after a while."
76561198067826462,Recommended,440900,29812758,Posted: 9 February,all,JoblessPickle,"There are a lot of aspects of the game that need refining Funcom has been anything but lacking in the patch realm.  On Twitter, Facebook, and Reddit the devs have been responding to every bug report and question thrown at them, With a few months of polishing this game has a lot of potential."
76561198095160983,Recommended,440900,29859321,Posted: 11 February,all,rich246568405,"This game is buggy, unfinished, the ai is garbage, the graphics are unoptimized, incredible amounts of lag, and to top it all off theres this blue banner on the upper right hand part of my screen that says ""Early Access"" and I have no idea what that means"
76561198004927438,Recommended,440900,29909931,Posted: 13 February,all,taylowirth,"I've only been able to play on a single player server, game crashes whenever I attempt to join an online server. Still I have high hopes for this game. As it stands, the game is quite bug ridden and needs some work but they have some idea that I believe will rise this game above many others of it's like."
76561198012032769,Recommended,440900,29913281,Posted: 13 February,all,rangercameron,"For an Alpha game, I'm loving it.  Quite a bit more polish needed, but this game has great potential"
,Recommended,440900,29928627,Posted: 14 February,all,Madruk,"Excellent framework for a fun and engaging game. Keep the bug fixes coming and focus on quality of life issues. As long as FunCom continues to support the project and mitigate expliots, or give server admins tools to do so, I see a healthy future for Conan Exiles."
76561198155273846,Recommended,440900,29950774,Posted: 15 February,all,privilege bootytaker,goodstuff
,Recommended,440900,29950926,Posted: 15 February,all,IbeDillon,Great game.
76561197961419182,Recommended,440900,29951572,Posted: 15 February,all,Klokholm,Big ♥♥♥♥♥♥s and Yuge♥♥♥♥♥♥♥12inchs/10
76561198259551658,Recommended,440900,29952370,Posted: 15 February,all,jimjdavila324,i like this game runs great so far plays good  for being a early access game. had a kick out once so far. while destorying a building. the bow could have a better range. over all loving it keep up the good work.
76561198175341505,Recommended,440900,29880986,Posted: 12 February,all,lionanchorgaming,"It's an Early Access game, so by now we should all know what that means: an endless war on lag, minimal optimisation and game breaking bugs. Having said and experienced that since launch, I still believe Conan Exiles is an amazing work in progress.Funcom is listening to players, patches are rolling out consistently to fix issues. New hardware is being acquired to expand official server capabilities. In the meantime, there are plenty of unofficial servers to suit every playstyle.The graphics are impressive, gameplay as well - AI pathing is more advanced than in other, similar, well known survival games. The grind can be unforgiving for solo players, but there is an underlying system on how best to farm plants, animals and NPCs. There are already several player guides and mods rolling out to help maximise the most out of your game time. Combat with minimal lag is fast paced and requires player skill, not just the best weapons and armour.My friends and I have fought running battles down narrow streets, outnumbered by NPCs. Skirmished against other players in the fading light and run blind and bloodied through a corrupted city in the black of night. Clan up with friends or take a chance on a stranger... or lone wolf it if that's your thing. Survive. Build. Dominate."
76561198295934285,Recommended,440900,29972604,Posted: 16 February,all,nuglif3,"I'm having a lot of fun playing this game. As far as survival games go I own half a dozenish and this one I like the best.Yes there are issues to be ironed out, but I trust the dev's will smash em properly. Updates are often as this game is EA, and people need to understand how difficult it can be to balance a pvp survival game.Much potential here for an amazing survival game with alll kinds of content to come."
,Recommended,440900,29972661,Posted: 16 February,all,Pihrra,There is a lot to like about this game. The building experience is especially well made in my opinion.It's not very polished yet but as long as things continue to evolve at this pace I'm not worried.
76561198000380117,Recommended,440900,30050485,Posted: 19 February,all,Reaperscut,"So Far Learned a bit on singleplayer make home, i am also using the abiity set up ur own settings to get recepies & such need it items to get ahead & understand How Game works. I like it has a Fun side to it that makes it worthwhile playing, Not everyone out there going like it but if they give it a chance might change there minds."
76561198305621278,Recommended,440900,30061999,Posted: 20 February,all,That is MR. 2u,This is a cool game and lots of fun with friends.
76561198194074721,Recommended,440900,30361059,Posted: 6 March,all,OGwiscompton,2 thumbs up.
76561198002865559,Recommended,440900,29632004,Posted: 1 February,all,Saerwulf,"Considering it came out yesterday and is an early access game, its not bad. only played single player however."
76561198038165674,Recommended,440900,29686116,Posted: 3 February,all,dman13dman,"Get some friends and try it, this is an early acssess game and it has its problems but patience and helping this game can make it reach its potential."
76561198148637597,Recommended,440900,29693501,Posted: 4 February,all,medieval022043,I am loving this game! It is a new game and I play with the understanding that there are lots of bugs and things that need to be worked out. I definitely recommend it!
,Recommended,440900,29727343,Posted: 5 February,all,Raught,"I am a longtime fan of Funcom. I was one of their beta testers for, and played, The Secret World for years. Although I did not like their MMO Age of Conan I absolutely love Conan Exiles.My Pros:-No advanced scifi technology-Minor Magic, those who wield magic are a select few who dare to use it.- Brutal graphics, and no kill screen cutscenes that slow down gameplay.-Indepth Crafting system-Potiential for amazing PvE fights (Right now it gets kind of laggy, but when it does work, its amazing)-RP I'm actually interested in.- Insanely fun PVP (when lag isn't apparent)-Thrall system is very unique and is extremely fun.-Devolopers that are making meaningful Patches daily, and really have a passion for the game.Cons:-Definitely Early Access, although most of the framework is there.- Lag can be unbearable at time (this is regardless of Server, its a network bug they are working on, and it is 10x better since day one.)-NPCs auto turn to follow you with their attacks-No difference in light/heavy attacks at the moment-Items such as Swords, Shields, Axes etc, break too easily.-Swords, Axes, Maces don't differ besides minorly in damage, albeit I hear this is changing.-Your friends won't stop commenting on that your playing a game filled with Dongs.Overall:I am enjoying this game greatly, it has huge potential. If you are wondering if you should buy it, it depends. If you are looking for a complete game or flashy game like ARK, then I would say, no don't buy it yet. If you want to help mold the future of this game and beta test it, then yes 100%."
76561197997950333,Recommended,440900,29742353,Posted: 6 February,all,[BT]Vorden,"Graphics are great, gameplay is fun and multiplayer (given it on a dedicated server) has been fun and mostly bug free.  The game seems to have more storyline and direction than ark, not to mention the fps isn't horrible (unlike ark)  Only 10hrs or so in but looks like I'll be getting my money's worth.Note, I wouldn't recomend playing co-op (aka hosting a game on your own computer with friends) as the rubberbanding is crazy, no problems with dedicated servers though."
,Recommended,440900,29745431,Posted: 6 February,all,saehl,"Game is in early early access, so I wasn't expecting much. After the initial connection and performance issues were fixed our server was up for almost a whole day without issues. Game is fun for now, looking forward to new content very much. Probs to the devs for rolling out regular updates."
76561197983869928,Recommended,440900,29764355,Posted: 7 February,all,ogre13,"I really dont write reviews, but for this I had too. This game is fun. My PC is middle of the road and it runs it like a champ. A couple of things things bother  me, like the grass growing though the floor and arrow stuck in my hand when using the ax. I like the fact that I can play the game co-op or singleplayer makes love the game even more. Unlike RUST where it so cutthroat  it makes the game unplayable, this game gives you a chance to survive and thrive. Dont get me wrong the game dont pull kid gloves, you will die by the wildlife more then other players which is a good thing. All in all its a great game with a lot lof potential lets hope they keep it up."
76561198140909459,Recommended,440900,29791126,Posted: 8 February,all,DeBre,"This game is EARLY ACCESS. This means you are paying for the privilege to be a part of the development! DON'T expect a complete and polished game. DO expect regular updates and consistent feedback from the devs.Because of previous experience with Funcom as a developer, I trust that they will continue their diligent work on perfecting this game. And because I am excited to see their vision of this exciting world, I chose to be a part of the development by helping to fund it and through gameplay feedback.Yes there are bugs, and the content is certainly not complete. I have personally found a way to enjoy the game alone and with friends as the development process continues, and I find this to be valuable time to figure out the basic game mechanics and map layout before the game launches as complete.On top of everything though, with the amount of patches that have been released already and so often, I can really feel that the developers are passionate about this game. Keep in mind that there are people just like us with families, friends, and hobbies that are working their asses off to serve us the polished game that we all would love to have right now. But lets be realistic...seriously."
76561198075532707,Recommended,440900,29928933,Posted: 14 February,all,dextroyer,OMG! I got hooked! Love the game but hopefully there is a SEA server cause the ping from the official servers are terrible!
,Recommended,440900,30050989,Posted: 19 February,all,King Tiger,"Great game.PVE is a blast til you are done leveling and building. Im sure new content will make it fun again, when I get bored.Game has constant updates. Lots of cool stuff in Conan -recipes, attribs, buildings, weapons, monsters, biomes, graphics."
,Recommended,440900,30109167,Posted: 22 February,all,Enomonopio,"As far as an open world, open alpha game, it is not a bad foundation starting game. i'm excited to see where it goes."
,Recommended,440900,30462149,Posted: 11 March,all,Virtus.Pro OlofshoxnyS Jr.,Have fun with build a base.
,Recommended,440900,29856898,Posted: 11 February,all,Rugoshath,"Ignore the negative reviews, trust me. I was very sceptical myself, but finally gave in this morning and started playing it. Yes, it is pretty similar to Ark, but it's WAY more stable already, MUCH less buggy than ark and combat is a million times better. Not great (yet), but definitely miles ahead of Ark when they launched.I have a massive headache thanks to almost non-stop playing, so I decided to press the exit button and do a quick review. If you like survival, this will test you. Building is great, haven't encountered too many bugs yet, nothing game-breaking. Haven't had a single crash or disconnect (no idea where my hours stand now), maybe I'm just lucky, I dunno.But yeah, I'm loving every second of it.10/10, will die 40 times again. BUY IT."
,Recommended,440900,29857359,Posted: 11 February,all,mehApathy,Having a lot of fun with this game.  It's similar to what you'd expect from a survival game.
,Recommended,440900,29857848,Posted: 11 February,all,Jay,"Before you buy this, understand it is early access and expect nothing more than the basics here. In saying that, I do believe the game has great potential. So long as the devs don't add overpowered tek crap like some other games 'wink wink' it'll turn out to be a great game. At its current state don't expect much PVP. Reason being that most people build their bases upon mesa's so it's fairly hard to get to them and do any sort of raiding or PVP. Maybe in a furture update devs will add siege items that will help with getting access to those bases but until then, it's mainly PVE.Even in its current state the game is enjoyable. Unfortunately there are no official servers right now so the only option is private servers. Along with these private servers come issues such as lagging and server crashes resulting in roll backs and lost progress. But again this is early access and these things are to be expected.If you think you can deal with the issues of early access then i'd recommend this game, however if not i'd suggest holding off until it's more stable and has official servers"
76561198059544404,Recommended,440900,29880244,Posted: 12 February,all,TJC Maverick,good game with great potential give it a try!
,Recommended,440900,29880833,Posted: 12 February,all,Xithulus,"very fun game, didnt think it would be this much of a time sink when I first saw it. Even with all the bugs of it being early access, doesnt matter. pick this game up, its only going to get better from here. and even if it doesnt, its still a blast! much better than a lot of games we have all been burnt on before. this one actually works. game itself is solid, its the server side that has the issues. client is actually pretty solid, considering."
76561198040308115,Recommended,440900,29914259,Posted: 13 February,all,Toaomb,"//DISCORD CHAT LOG TO MY FRIEND, PERFECT REVIEW//TLDR: It's a pretty damn good game with, as everyone says, a ton of potential but it comes with some key flaws (a static map being a key one). If you can get past that it's a great game and the first month has shown great progress and promise.-Me to my friend in chat-Me- (Early Morning): ""I just bought Conan Exiles to set the record straight on whether or not it's worth it for us all to get it, ill let you know my review after it downloads in 6 hours lol 19GB of data.""Me- (Late Afternoon): ""You know, i didnt think i would like this game but after turning the graphics all the way down it's actually really cool"" (That's my fault i need a new graphics card, no complaints with the graphics TBH good job guys.)Me- (Later Afternoon):""Well hold up wait hey-ho woah.Something is fishy hereI get experience just for being online, i hit level 6 by watching my player naked standing alone in the desert for 2 hours and hit Server Exclusive Level 6Which sounds like a good thing""Good Friend 'Bert: ""I'm gonna buy it when I get home""Me- (Evening): but.. the map is static across every server, which might be cool because they plan to implement cities but at the moment the map is the same and can't ever be made procedurally generated. It has to do with the engine, which is one reason i wanted to learn C++ and not just use Unreal Engine is that you can't procedurally generate a landscape (without massive strain at least) in Unreal Engine 4. The landscape is basically a giant flat sheet painted a certain color and terraformed to look like a planet surface, which means that it can't be changed unless they completely made a new map from scratch OR //highlight// they can add on new flat-terraformed-landscapes on the ends of the current one in the future //likely as DLC but maaaaaayyyybe not// so BE WARY that it may want you to spend extra cash in the future like WoW but with Maps or something.and also anyone with a steel pick can raid you (as of Febuary 13th, 2017) and you can't make steel until Server Explicit Level 20, so it might be more worth it to just farm to level 20 and make steel than build a base ATM. But when you do build a base apparently there are a few ways to make them indestructible through an exploit with foundations and narrow cliffs so lets do that like all the other people.then afterward make a basewith steeland then raidwith steel.But if you can get past all of that the rest of the good reviews sum it up this is a great game to go nuts with."
76561198075489910,Recommended,440900,29950877,Posted: 15 February,all,Defooster,Pretty good. Doesn't really pop from all the other dime a dozen early access survival games tho. I'd suggest playing with friends as it's a lot more fun. I'll be your friend if you don't have any.
,Recommended,440900,29953442,Posted: 15 February,all,Nova Nihil,"Let me make this abundantly clear:  It's an early access survival game.  The setting is the only innovative aspect here.That being said, it's the complete experience from the get-go, with more coming.Decently optimized for such an early build, frequent updates, and a dev team that communicates with the playerbase.Add to that the lore of Conan and you've got yourself a fun survival game you can play solo or with friends."
76561198114087537,Recommended,440900,29955527,Posted: 15 February,all,Salted Words,"I love this Game. For being an ""Early Release."" It is playing out very nicely. For me it was money well spent. The only thing I would like them to do is tone done the Blood a bit, or have it as an option to tone it down. Other than that, Wow. It is really an amazing Game. I Can't wait to see what else they have planned."
76561198026161642,Recommended,440900,29959455,Posted: 16 February,all,Ultraman_Jim,"Was super buggy and laggy for the first few days. But they're ironing out the kinks. It's like ark, but with all the dinosaurs stripped out and replaced by RPG elements and slavery! It's great."
76561197996660616,Recommended,440900,29960263,Posted: 16 February,all,Fifler,"That game is right now one of the most climatic experiences of role playing games i had in years. Key to success is to find the good server and then fun starts ! The locations, buildings you can make, decorations and style of the armors/clothes all blend very good with the conan universe. The patches are released on daily basis and the developers are doing great job improving their product. There of course is mod support so the game can be improved even more by the community !Im recomending this game especially to every person that likes to RP in the games, this is what you are looking for."
,Recommended,440900,29993356,Posted: 17 February,all,MediumM,"Game is fun.Currently has some pretty frustrating bugs but no worse than any other Early Access survival game at launch.Devs could communicate better about huge problems - like server restarts and stuff.I'd buy it again though, I've had a lot of fun playing."
,Recommended,440900,29996339,Posted: 17 February,all,Kappaccino,11/10 would teabag to i am the one again
,Recommended,440900,29998985,Posted: 17 February,all,CheekyBastrd,http://www.gametracker.com/server_info/216.244.87.246:3891/
76561197991915890,Recommended,440900,29727365,Posted: 5 February,all,ArmyWolve,Although i cannot play it on my laptop AMD R9 M290X on lowest setting its still choppy on single player. on the other hand after playing it on another its pretty soild game despite the terrible lag issues. i cannot wait to see whats in store and since i spend more time on xbox one than my pc. itll be a great collection to my games. keep on listening to us and this game will do wonders.
76561198049300335,Recommended,440900,29728518,Posted: 5 February,all,Deya,Great game they are updating daily! cant say that for every game in early Access
76561198030247121,Recommended,440900,29729588,Posted: 5 February,all,WanderingWizard,"Thinking of buying Conan Exiles?Check outWandering Wizard's Video ReviewRead my review here and then let me walk you through what I discuss here while I show you game play footage.Conan Exiles is a game with a compelling world and rich PVE elements. It's fully possible to have fun with the game in single player or with a few friends on a private server just battling against NPC characters and exploring the world.On competitive, PVP focused, servers, high level players and clans will dominate and make life difficult for the little guy.The advanced items and structures are difficult to obtain which encourages the formation of clans and gives clans qualitative and quantitative advantages of solo players. In a game like Rust, a solo player can get a set of gear and a gun and be on a level footing qualitatively (in terms of their gear and weapons) with a member of a clan. The solo player will be outnumbered, but if they are good enough they can still make some plays. In Conan Exiles, a low level player, no matter how good, will not be able to compete against a high level player. Leveling up in Conan gives the player stat increases (which increases damage inflicted, the size of their health pool, etc.). Getting high level items in Conan is also much more difficult than getting a decent gun is in Rust.Many of the advanced items take a significant investment in resources and infrastructure. When I say infrastructure, I mean that you need to construct special structures that provide you with the item or with materials you need to craft the item. Advanced weapons require special crafting benches. Advanced tier building parts also require special crafting structures to provide you with the raw materials before you can build them.Play on crowded servers will be dominated by high level players and clans. Understand that going into the game so that you can decide whether you want to play on a crowded server or a smaller server. Single player is also a great way to start while learning the game. The PVE elements should keep you entertained while you learn the game.Conan is currently very laggy and buggy. It is playable, but if you're on the fence about buying the game, you might want to wait.In all, it's a game that is fun in its current state and has a lot of potential for growth along its early access journey."
,Recommended,440900,29756144,Posted: 6 February,all,Enubis,"So much to say about this game, both good and bad but we shall start with the bad first.-Still fairly unoptimized and laggy (Though the lag could also be on account of my server host)-Everything so far is still quite basic, 3 tiers of crafting and what not.-Corruption makes all dungeons a speed trial, as opposed to actually being able to explore it.(Corruption reduces max hp/stamina over time when you are in a dungeon of sorts)-Combat and weaponry still very unbalanced and clunky.-Lack of server setting options and the options need to be clearer.Now for the good, and what keeps me going.-The building mechanics while still need work, is pretty good a foundation to work on, I can see a lot of promise in that regard. It is similar to fallout 4 in some extent when it comes to putting pieces together. Build a foundation and link walls to it, then ceilings to walls, and the likes. There's probably videos out there to better showcase what I'm trying to say!-The combat while bare bones and simple, feels real. You are holding your shield up, and you only block that which you are facing properly though that may be frustrating for some, it feels real to me, just waiting for the right opportunity to strike.-The religion system has so much potential for something better, right now you can unlock unique attires, weapons and summon an avatar, though at this stage avatars are pretty OP!-Funcom is pushing out patches like a machine, literally a patch a day at least, to keep things going. They are hearing us they are doing what they can and each day, I can see improvements.If you love Conan lore, if you love survival games and want to come help build this game into something great, come join us. This is EARLY Access, If you fully understand what you're signing up for, I'd say come on over. My greatest gripe right now is that they should have labelled Alpha state, on top of early access, just to make things a little clearer to the state of the game. But yes the game is in ALPHA state.For those who want a smooth game, finished and ready to play, I'd recommend you wait on it, it's still too early to hop in."
76561197991881869,Recommended,440900,29770058,Posted: 7 February,all,Yung Heyerdahl,"Just played Conan for an hour. This game has a lot of potential. Definetly one of the better survival games out there. Would recommend to play in a group, since its more difficult than expected!"
76561198064983851,Recommended,440900,29785600,Posted: 8 February,all,Noble,"If you're familiar with Alphas and the issues that come with them, then this game should be a must buy for survival fans. Don't go into this purchase expecting a polished product (yet!).Even in it's current state this game is a blast to play and like most survival games, even better with a few friends and some beers. At the core, it's easily comparable to Ark, but with the plans that FunCom has for the game, it'll will surpass it.FunCom has been listening to it's fanbase and has a proven track record of doing so. Between the easy building system to the almost Mount and Blade style of enslaving thralls and having them protect your base this game has laid down a great foundation and it's just a matter of FunCom taking it over the finish line and continuing on the path that is making this Alpha great.It's always a gamble to buy Alphas, but I feel with FunCom, that I'm in good hands."
76561197961572491,Recommended,440900,29789799,Posted: 8 February,all,Zoommbie (noi_kz),This game is cool and very addictive. I can not stop building!You can learn most basic survival skills after few hours of play.The only thing i dont like are unofficial servers. You play on one for few days and than it disappears and you will have to find another. The other thing there are no cords on the map so if you die and forget where you died you can spend a lot of time looking for your body.
76561198075836531,Recommended,440900,29858180,Posted: 11 February,all,hallat530,"While I will give a positive review, its only because I see potential in the future. Currently, this game is incredibly boring for players, such as myself, that enjoy playing single player. I figured I would get past all of the horrendous lag stories I've been hearing about and give the single player a go. It was fun for about an hour but then I realized you only run into like 4 or 5 of the same enemies...everywhere you go. Not to mentoin the horrendous aggro distance of like 500 meters. You literally cannot go anywhere without enemies all over the place aggroing and running at you. No matter if you are behind a garantuan wall of stone or not, they magically see you from 500 yards away and all rush in. Oh my god and don't get me started on the absolute horrendously bad balance issues of the durability in weapons and armor. The♥♥♥♥♥♥breaks within a few hits and swings. But anyway, the single player experience is very boring right now. Not much to do and barely any variety in enemies, and no mounts to ride and so you can enjoy running across the entire map while every enemy in the world magically aggros you. I see potential though...in maybe a year or so. Very basic and boring at this time though."
76561198045568827,Recommended,440900,29858332,Posted: 11 February,all,Grim reaper ferrus,Survival game like the forest or ark but with its own grim dark world of Conan.It's absolutely worth your time even if it's in early access. If the devs do their best to solve the bugs and listen to the community it'll all work out in the end.
,Recommended,440900,29858877,Posted: 11 February,all,Top 100% EU | Povich™,For an early access game it's pretty nice! Lots of things arent implemented yet but you can start up your camp and enslave alot of people of different tribes (from completely naked or fully geared).Cons:I'm afraid my endowment choice might haunt me.
76561197993863721,Recommended,440900,29883539,Posted: 12 February,all,ODDBALL,"With the time I've played on a friends account and my own, this game shows much promise. I originally purchased Conan Exiles due to all the awesome Youtuber videos. In my opinion, Conan Exiles can become a game that will surpass Ark if it stays true and listens to the Gamers. Can't wait to see the mods from the community."
76561198021728019,Recommended,440900,29951888,Posted: 15 February,all,CpTApex,this game is very good the people that made this game are on there Sh*** they actully listin to the cumminty about the problems in the game other then the lag problems on server side this game is very fun pvp and pve if you love rust and ark this games for you i give it 8/10
76561198132171412,Recommended,440900,29953845,Posted: 15 February,all,Phteven,"Recommendation Yes or No??Short answer I do recommend it but make sure you know that it is really, really REALLLY Alpha at the moment.(onlt a few hours in I will update when i get to about 500 or so)Pros -Interesting gamelooks promisingprobably good with a team of mates once regular gameplay is evolvedBuilding system not too badlevelling system okCons -More memory leaks than the US governmentCPU intensive servers creating laggy online play and rubber bandinghorrible hitbox and combat system (but on the right track)It definitely is all that Alpha gameplay entails but it shows promise. The only thing is i can see it heading down the carbon copy of Rust and Ark gameplay. Which is only fun for, well.... fanboys and people who grind mercilessly to create the best PVP guild.As said before, It does show a lot of promise, but it is broken at the moment, and I can see a lot of Admin will get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥with the requirements to keep this up for the short term.*** major issuesAttack range with weapons less than NPC'sA few ""stuck"" points where it takes a relog to fixSometimes falls kill sometimes they dontLatency... LATENCY (ping is 20 but the server response is hideous in Australia - even with ""Aus servers"""
,Recommended,440900,29980249,Posted: 17 February,all,☠Elimination☠,"Fantastic for fans of the fantasy Genre !  Like ARK without all the goofy guns and rocket boots and junk, and also with better performance and a way cooler setting."
,Recommended,440900,29840813,Posted: 10 February,all,Πebulous€lf ☬,"It may not be the best most optimized game, but thats why its in open beta. Even though there are a lot of bugs in the game, when you get it to work properly it's actually a really good game.Pros:-Fun-Won't Age-Multiplayer means more FunCons:-SERVERS (at the moment of posting this)-Glitches-Animations (mostly enemies)-Other minor things"
76561198024358821,Recommended,440900,29856982,Posted: 11 February,all,ZuLuMaiN,"At this moment they care very much about fixing the game before adding content.Since the game got launched, it has been patched at least once a day, patches that has fixed big issuesand added things like direct connect, for a better and easier server connect experince."
76561198035143735,Recommended,440900,29996746,Posted: 17 February,all,Avanzarie,"Ilove this game! I really don't understand all the grousing over lag and glitches, it's in ALPHA! You gotta expaect that. If a glitch bothers you, wait until full release. that said, this game is awesome! The building engine is like MINCRAFT of speed! Textures are gorgeous and the options for building are truly amazing, (carpets, sconces, stuffed trophy heads, and even fountains).I will agree with some of the youtubers and say that if you're in it for the PvP, wait a bit for the full release. They're coming out with siege engines (trebuchet's and the like) to take on solidly built player fortress' and mounts for mounted combat.If you're like me and like building things over PvP, then by all means get the game now! It's amazing as is and FunCom is only making it better with upcoming add-ons like more recipes. Also the NPC battles can and will challenge even the most rugged player. You WILL die, A LOT! But wheres the fun in and easy game? (""You wanna' live forever?"")Conan Exiles gets 9 outta 10 from me right now, and I expect it to climb to a full 10 -10 after full release. Wanna build amazing castles and keeps? Buy this game, you will love it. Want exciting PvP? Wait for full release, then definitely buy it!"
,Recommended,440900,29998342,Posted: 17 February,all,Flamingo,This game is a fun and addictive alternative to other popular survival games such as Reign of Kings or ARK. I will go ahead and recommend it since the Developers keep up with patches that may break game functionality or improve it.Should you wait until full release? I would say yes on the condition that you understand what Early Access entails. I would also say do not buy this game if you do not have a squad to play with as the game is a lot less emjoyable singleplayer.I've already sank 40 hours in and I still am finding new content and areas to explore.
,Recommended,440900,30060472,Posted: 20 February,all,Ethan Thomas,Tried to make a sword and got killed by an Ostrich. 10/10 would die again
,Recommended,440900,30264019,Posted: 1 March,all,Mentedoro,Really enjoy playing this game with friends and family. Local/Co-op is like Minecraft for adults. Easily worth $30 in its current state.
,Recommended,440900,29643520,Posted: 1 February,all,Nex Votum加油,Excellent game. This is everything I was hoping for in a survival game.
76561198024899862,Recommended,440900,29672876,Posted: 3 February,all,kratmann,the game has some flaws but funcom has been good to fix crucial things. first when i got the game when i joined unoficial server the game chrased but at cuple of hourses after there was a update that fixed it(for me).but i think for an Early Access it has  a lot of stuff to do already and is optimised a lot more then other games in this genre.i find this game really good for what it is and look forward to a lot of hours of playing this game.
,Recommended,440900,29695790,Posted: 4 February,all,Brewergamer,"I am a veteran of Survival Games and Conan Exiles is truly the best I have played, even just starting early access the features and content is vast and amazing.  There is PVE content, you can get slave npcs to defend your base and craft for you.. there is an xp system, I can say that after 300+ hours of rust, that this game is far better than Rust.  Unlike Rust, NPCs don't teleport through entire continents and bases to walk through walls and kill you, it's actual challenging, fun pve content, the pvp I haven't done too much of but that is fun and intense as well.  I highly recommend this game to all fans of survival games."
,Recommended,440900,29711541,Posted: 4 February,all,Morphe,Game is Early access but I have had no major issues playing.  Plus any bugs are fixed as fast as possible by the awesome Conan exiles Developers.  Even have my own server open to public. Hope to see you on maybe.[SYD]Morphville come get some ! 2x xp/resourcesKeep up the good work.
76561198002572866,Recommended,440900,29721022,Posted: 5 February,all,Slit518,"I love the Conan universe, and I can not wait to see the expanded content of this game.So far, it is just 1 of 5 areas we are given, which in time, we will have access to all 5 areas.The initial area is huge, a desert/savanna landscape.The crafting can be in depth, but you must earn your right to craft by leveling up.  And in this game, I feel like crafting equals power.  So essentially you gain more power by getting more crafting recipes.It still has an old school MMO feel to it, where most mobs argo to you, which can get annoying.  I wish the ""mobs"" were doing daily tasks, such as eating, chasing prey, sleeping, playing, etc... and only argoed if they were threatened or really hungry.This game still has some bugs, but that is expected, as this is a beta in which we paid for.  The bugs ranged from floating rocks, to enemies spawning right on top of you.The game also needs some improvements, like being able to reclaim crafting resources from something you built that needs to be moved because it's in the wrong spot.  Currently, you just destroy the item completely.  And for some crafting items, it takes a while to gather the resources to build it up.I feel this game should shy away from traditional MMO games, get rid of the enemy health bar, and have more of a dynamic attack feel to it.  So for example if my Strength is high enough, and I have a good enough Tool, if I swing my Axe for the Neck of a Gazelle, I should be able to lop it's head off in one hit."
76561198056199643,Recommended,440900,29727728,Posted: 5 February,all,Tep,"Great Survival game so far, never liked Ark so I won't compare them but I'm loving this game so far."
76561198018287842,Recommended,440900,29728469,Posted: 5 February,all,[BA] ☧SPΛRTΛCUS☧,Early Access done right. The game is rich with Conan lore for fans and newcomers.
76561198017017387,Recommended,440900,29728526,Posted: 5 February,all,joshuajardine,"1)  Is it perfect - no  still lots of work to do to the net code, etc, however they are doing an incredible number of patches and fixes, in fact it feels like there is a new patch almost ever day at the moment so they are working really hard to improve it.  Noting that the game is EARLY ACCESS it is unreasonable to think that it would be perfect.  General mechanics are all there, and it is good fun to play with a small group to build your outpost2)  Just really starting to explore the whole thrall thing now, it is surprisingly good, particulary the hunt for better thralls that you need to progress to some of the end game skills and abilities.3)  Combat and netcode are the two areas that still need a bit of polish, they are probably interlinked as an issue.4)  Would I recommend it - Yes if you are into survival crafters, this is fun now and will only get better with time"
76561198038552057,Recommended,440900,29738843,Posted: 6 February,all,shaftpunk,So much potential. Dont screw it up FunCom!!!
76561197993027643,Recommended,440900,29744505,Posted: 6 February,all,crash_,"The Mighty Donger Stalks His PreyFirst: Great job, Funcom. This game is already so feature complete. As a veteran of every other game you have launched, this is by far the smoothest yet. RIP AO Launch.. plz remake this game in a few years with an AO-based skin =)#Jubilation:- Hardcore, awesome survival game marrying pvp and pve.- Already can build insanely awesome buildings and cities. A clan on my server is setting up a huge city by the three rivers area that is a wonder with a trading area and ""hotel"".- Beware the crocodiles and rhinos. That moment when you win a < 10hp fight against a bunch of crocodiles with your stone hammer.. \o/- After a few days spent house building, I am going ""wtf is this wheel of pain for? ... oh, I can take slaves. Wait, what?""- My wife is playing.. can't remember the last time a multiplayer game got her to stop playing solo RPG's. She's on her own though .. solo only =)- The emergent game play is simply phenomenal. I can't wait to see the meta of meta of meta clan warfare stuff.#Frustration(this section is longer than the above, but please do not take that as my dislike for the game, rather my passion for seeing a smooth experience):- Death should remove portions of corruption or it should slowly go away on it's own (much slower than dancers remove it). I wandered into a cave with corruption without knowing what it was doing and dealt with a day of half hp/stam. Sure, I could delete and restart my character, but this seems like a bad solution to this particular problem.- Food/water depletes too quickly, but this might be a ""my character only has 5"" in that attribute thing. Also, I have yet to find any long-term food solutions. If I log out at low hunger, when I log in, I need to immediately find some food (or just bed-respawn for a fresh stomach, but again that seems like a bad solution to this problem).- On 1x, xp is very very slow. I know this is a per-server tune-able, but you might consider raising the gain a bit (especially 20-30).- Bark... as stated in numerous threads. We need a bark gathering device. In 1x, the entire game is bottle necked around stuff that grows on every tree in the game but only comes out 1x. As a solo player with iron tools, I am in a circle of ""get more bark"" to support actually using the tools that I then turn around and use to get more bark. In talking to people on my server in a clan, this is also a problem for them, so maybe not a solo deal alone. Alternatively, add a bark slider so we can fix this ourselves =)- Teleporting mobs.. I'm fighting one hyena.. then two.. I kill them. Suddenly two more (the same ones?) are attacking me out of nowhere. I kill them. Now another is hitting me from nowhere again. I'm wondering if I'm standing on a quick spawn point or perhaps just blind? Watching replay footage of from my stream, I can see where the area is clear before I start harvesting, so it feels like teleportation to me.- Mob agro range.. I can't explain what the rules are for hostile mob agro. Combine this with the teleporters and it makes for interesting risk analysis. Fun.. but still interesting.- On a PvP server, the first two tiers of building stuff is basically useless. The third requires so much  farming of mats with a production tree that making a 2x2 w/ bed takes about three hours of gathering and processing. This might be to push people into living in ""cities"", but given the current clan controls, this seems bad with regard to strangers having open access to everything. Just seems like raiding is still too easy given the proliferation of steel weapons and how easy they are to make (I have a full set and a backup set as a solo casual). I would really like to see only explosives and siege weapons do damage to buildings with tier > 1.- Combat needs to be cleaned up, but you guys already know that.Would recommend, ++."
,Recommended,440900,29746121,Posted: 6 February,all,rock0head132,This game is so good everyone says Oh it's like Ark yes it plays like ark BUT conan is playable as a single player game and that is a big difference. Ark is for MP mostly and this is an excellent singleplayer game. Yes the two games are seemlier but they are different games.Now there are a few bugs but it is an every early alpha game they will get fixed the devs are good at patching regularly.
76561197999020239,Recommended,440900,29766945,Posted: 7 February,all,Death Prophet,"I've bene having lots of fun with this so far. It's early access and people are ♥♥♥♥♥ing about this that or the other....clearly not meant to play early access games. They have a lot in store and are doing great with daily updates! As long as they stick with their course of action and follow through, this will be quite a good damn game.If you like a more challenging suvival game then go for it. Just keep in mind its stil lvery early access and quite a few bugs exist."
76561197998052704,Recommended,440900,29767343,Posted: 7 February,all,belzavior,"I enjoy the game so far and it definately will have it's place in the survival genra.  However it needs lots of bug  fixing and polish as most people know.  The server I've been playing on has been plaqued with issues and I look forward to the re-release of Official servers.  While I would like to see primary focus on fixing and polish, I guess I differ from alot of other reviews in that I would like to see expanded content down the road.  I don't want the game to become stale from lack of updates.Pros:Runs good client sideLooks goodBuilding Mechanics pretty straight forwardTraining/Taming Mechanic is much more convenient and less tedious than some other gamesNice looking dungeons and environmentsConsHorrible server, network performanceCombat feels very rustic, like 10+ old hack and slash rusticAI is bare minimalArchery feels clunkyWould like to see more diversity in gear and clothing."
76561198179501137,Recommended,440900,29788965,Posted: 8 February,all,Salty Dog,"I really enjoy this game. Comparing it to Ark, I like this game a lot more. Yes, it is in Early Access right now and I know there are a lot of bugs. But I wasn't having very many problems until today when I tried to play a PvE game. Only 6 valid servers and it won't let me click on and join any of the ""invalid"" servers. So the hours I invested in that one server was just a waste lol! Right after I finally started getting the hang of everything and made it pretty far."
,Recommended,440900,29960744,Posted: 16 February,all,NocturnalHD,"Very buggy atm but is a diamond in the rough, which could turn out amazing."
,Recommended,440900,29982196,Posted: 17 February,all,Nippah,435er
76561198092634485,Recommended,440900,29998631,Posted: 17 February,all,Pro Lizards on Crack,"I have currently played this game for about 44.5 hours but lets be honest the game is amazing, so I had to write a review.The Good things:1. Conan is amazing in graphics just starting off, I love how they designed with much detail.2. They have a lot of content for a game that has been out for only 3 1/2 weeks! which is astounding.3. I like the sandstorm idea! I can't wait to see how they further that in the future,4. The leveling and stats systems is great! reminds me of MMORPG games <3. (for example Shaiya a lot of you wouldn't know this game.)Yes, their is a lot more great things they have but.. on to the negatives..The Bad things:1. ""Server Performance"" .... enough said.2. Still a lot of Exploits and bugs but I know they are working their hardest to get rid fo them.3. Server crashes.Also like I said earlier, I haven't played much but I have told you guys my experience so far.But this game definitely is RECOMMENDED! :)"
76561198076779108,Recommended,440900,30135658,Posted: 23 February,all,mcos,Very fun if you play on the right server and with others. Devs post frequent updates and have fixed a lot of bugginess that came with the game on release.
76561198028164207,Recommended,440900,29618175,Posted: 31 January,all,ES32,"Loving the game, only able to see my private 20 slot server using the steam server viewer once i added it to fave's. Welcome to come play 173.234.30.211"
76561198024476303,Recommended,440900,29617669,Posted: 31 January,all,Commander,"good game , fun to play , a little too much npc but is not that bad"
76561197995615231,Recommended,440900,29622383,Posted: 31 January,all,Teek,"It's early access indeed, but has what I was expecting. Hopefully nowhere but up from here."
76561198036230105,Recommended,440900,29618262,Posted: 31 January,all,Chuck,"Epic gameplay but it lags, might wanna wait a little"
76561198068550123,Not Recommended,440900,30432389,Posted: 10 March,all,WavvyCrockett,"This game was a lot of fun until hitting level 50 where 95% of this game becomes very pointless. Playing on an official server where you had to deal with constant glitchers ( ex. People building bases inside cliffs) was a bit annoying but what really ruined this game for me is the Avatars players can summon. For myself and my clan this game just became a farm fest for gods over and over so you could go out and wipe your server before anyone else had the chance to. You dont need to build any big well defended base (hell you dont even need a base at all) you dont need to farm for hours to make cool things, all you need is a cliff and a shrine and just keep summoning gods which by the way is super easy.Hope to see some balance changes come to this game in the future otherwise not worth your time"
,Recommended,440900,29618818,Posted: 31 January,all,Cool_Fox,"This game has high, partially realized, potential, which is more than a lot of games.There are quite a few bugs which is expected for an EA title, so no biggie. Things like item graphics getting mixed up, don't ask me how, making you wonder why you can't eat your steak because it's really a flower, crafted items disappearing if there isn't space on the hotbar, NPC's getting stuck on tiny rocks, fist taking out base walls,and random floating water textures that you can drink from(in the middle of a desert).  A lot of these have been patched out or optimized efficently.The bugs aren't actually annoying or game breaking, anymore. The dev team has been doing an amazing job at releasing fixes. Funcom really has a mature grasp on game develpment unlike, say for example, the Rust dev team.I can directly attest to the fact they listen to the community. Their valentines update contains numerous community listed tweaks on top of new additions and optimizations. I recently asked for an increase in the audible horn/gong range and lo and behold a few days later they have it slotted for an update.Constant development like this on an already very good title is what leads a game out of early access as an amazing game that everyone can enjoy."
,Recommended,440900,29833906,Posted: 10 February,all,crepemyrtlesl,"For an Early Access game, it has great content for building and survival.  Though it has bugs and glitches, you can manage to play around it.  Though it is a bit grindy at first and a lot of dying, you learn how to fight and figure out the best way to point your experience points.  Overall, it is a great survival game."
,Not Recommended,440900,29600436,Posted: 30 January,all,Un4ccountable,"Very playable, played for about 2 hours. Some animation bugs and npc's teleporting back to their shelter area. The combat is pretty fluid. The ui flow needs a few tweaks. Graphics are nice and it plays smooth.Other than that... this game is boring as hell. Imagine walking around a giant desert with rocks and grass here and there... you cannot run because well stamina is a thing here."
76561198007575785,Recommended,440900,29612861,Posted: 31 January,all,vidsports8,Great game so far!
76561198023268697,Recommended,440900,29634995,Posted: 1 February,all,daddymanmeister,"Excellent game! They are doing a great job correcting thenbugs, people should not ♥♥♥♥♥ about it, its on early access ffs.I like the mechanics and the graphics. The textures could be a bit sharper though. looking for a lot of days spent playing this."
76561198059724482,Recommended,440900,29637921,Posted: 1 February,all,Wombat,"The game itself is great with good idea's behind it and a lot of room for future content, however be aware just about all the servers are extremely laggy right now, i know, i know it's early access, but they are very laggy, as they refine the game lag will be less of an issue. Thats the only down side as i see it at this stage of the games development. If your wanting to play on the Asian servers at the time of this review good luck with that as the devs seem to think only round 100-200 people from Asia would be playing and only provided 1 PvP server and 2 PvE servers, but i'm sure in the coming week/s they will expand the number of servers."
76561198045701361,Recommended,440900,29679018,Posted: 3 February,all,S3V3R,"Needs work.. obviously! But for a early release its still great. It has made my top 3 fav games with skyrim and fallout 4. Although some people may find the nudity offensive (which can be shut off anyways) I recommend they play with it on...why.. because its more barbaric, and truely just a human body.  I do feel kinda bad killing naked people when I got full armor though so maybe less ai starting naked. lol. More outfits please, maybe cultural differences... or im sure if devs dont make it a modder will.Oh also I really dont like the fact a server cannot tweek the tether to other players in co-op.Good game ... do buy..dont spend unhealthy time at your computer and get sick tho as it can be addictive. lol"
,Recommended,440900,29683939,Posted: 3 February,all,War Boy,What is good in life?Crush your enemies.See them driven before you.Hear the lamentations of their women.
,Recommended,440900,29605920,Posted: 31 January,all,IDK,"Its not bad, its got a lot to improve on but that is to be expected on a Ealry Access Game, If you enjoy Rust then I think you'll enjoy this game, but just like Rust you won't go far unless you have a good team, with that said yes you can create and raid bases, explore dungens and caves and much more that I yet to see."
,Recommended,440900,29853043,Posted: 11 February,all,๖ۣۜKing Akky - Deus Vult,"It's a good game, with good concepts, great update times, but- the lag spikes when loading in a new section of the world, your base/another base, an npc village or camp, or a very forest heavy area could end up getting you killed.  ( They've really optimized it though! )It's as optimized as an EA game will be, though it definitely could use some more fine tuning.( they're optimizing it more and more each day)Watch the update log you see with the game, maybe buy it now if you won't mind the problems, if you don't like lag though, wait a month or two to buy this game.Overall it's great and I only  recommend this game if you can make it past the lag and enjoy the content of the game."
,Recommended,440900,29731651,Posted: 5 February,all,Empu0323,"Quickly turned into my favorite game over the last few days,There's plenty of bugs and i've had the server wipe all my stashed items twice now, but when it works it's alot of fun, especially with some friends.Warning though, plenty of bugs and latency issues and no official servers at the time of posting this ""review"". (They've just fired their old server hosts and made a new deal, so we'll hopefully get official servers in a few days time.)Hopefully Funcom will stick with the game, it's got huge potential."
76561198297957138,Recommended,440900,29750347,Posted: 6 February,all,UzumakiKush,"By far the best early access survival release to date.  Lots of promise and the best part is the devs releasing 1-2 patches A DAY.  It's mind boggling to see the negative comments, clearly not understanding the concept of ""early access"" or appreciating the refreshingly high output from the devs."
76561198146099081,Recommended,440900,29753007,Posted: 6 February,all,K3YS,"It has a ton of potential. The god system is beautiful, but needs to be made more impactful to be worth the resourses. If you don't have a powerful machine, it'll lag to♥♥♥♥♥♥ The slave system needs to be made more useful, right now it's cool and fun but doesnt do anything actually helpful. Iron needs to be made more common, right now there's one spot to find iron and if a powerful guild steals that spot, you're sol and gotta mine stone  until you get lucky, not ore. Mitra is the best god by far because the Aunk can be used on the dead, and doesn't have to last hit the mob. The building system is good, but needs more aestetic options. Water needs to be made harder to get, and ocean water/river water needs to be poisonious until boiled. This would also buff the useless ""Fountian of mitra"". EVERYONE lives on the river because it's like the easiest way to get water. Yog, the cannibal god, needs buffs. Make raw human meat non pisioness to Yog fallowers. It's dumb that a cannibal can't practically eat people. DON'T PICK THE GOD THAT REQUIRES NO WORSHIP, IT'S USELESS. Please, god, take your time on making this game. It needs a lot of work, but it'll easily be the best survival game on the market with action/adventure undertones. Archery needs changes. Magic is suppobsibly going to be a thing, so will human sacrifices of your slaves to liquidate into your god's resource (For MITRA it's souls, for Yog it's unblemished human meat, and for Set it's hearts). Add more gods, with more inpactful buffs and debuffs. Make it where I actually care about geting the best item from each religion, maybe SET get's a super bow, Yog get's a vamperic butcher's knife, Mitra get's a Shield maybe?"
,Recommended,440900,29690174,Posted: 4 February,all,MmoJaxus,"has ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ meter, 10/10"
76561198116020739,Recommended,440900,29613833,Posted: 31 January,all,Mr. K,"They aimed for a mixed between ark and skyrim, and they nailed it. This game is amazing for being in alpha and is priced the same as other early access games. Sure it has its problems and bugs, but thankfully they aren't waiting for launch to iron them out. It is day one and they are already updating it. I am excited for the future of this game."
,Recommended,440900,29621375,Posted: 31 January,all,♥ Annie ♥,"So...It's hard to give this game a fair review. Mostly because it is early access, but I can tell you that when this game DOES work...my god it's sooo hard to put down. There were some serious issues with the servers and trying to even find one. Plus once you did find one it's usually really really laggy. There was an recent update that seemed to make it much much easier to get into a server. I'd say that if you have the $30 and are on the fence about trying this game. I'd say go for it, but be pacient and have an open mind, and remember that it is still early access.     TLDR: If greater than $30 and want to play then buy. If not much money and could wait for more complete and more consistant game then do not buy. Although even if you are unsure if you want this game, if you had a couple friends to play with I think it would be really REALLY worth the buy. 8/10 Needs better servers and some small in game tweaks then easy 10/10"
76561197961161487,Recommended,440900,29630002,Posted: 1 February,all,DarkAnQc,"FIrst let me point out it is a Early Access.   SO please do expect bugs and fixes coming around.  Day one had issues with servers but dev team did a good job by releasing a fix ASAP.   For those complaining I am sorry but what did you expect.I tried many early access game and am a survival crafting fanatic just watch my gamelist to see for yourself.  I bought and tried many of them.   This one takes the Cake! Don't expect a tutorial like most of the early access games.  Try it out search the web a bit for guides or info its already out there.The crafting system is good easy no problem building or placing structures. Thats already a good thing.   You do gather a good amount of ressources to craft.  Good news ressources are everywhere and respawn at normal server setting is pretty good.   Yes you will grind but you will find satisfaction since gattering ressources also gives you xp to level up.  Crafting your house cause thats one of the first thing you will do to survive this land will give you also xp has for killing creatures.The land is beautifull there is plenty of creatures to go around.  Prepare to fight!  Exploration is worth it.  Found some caves with interesting creatures inside that ended up with a run for my life.  Can't wait to get my gear up and explore it more.I will tell you this don't get cocky.  SOme basic creatures became easy kils so believed  that I was the man ended up Dead eaten alive and now spawn in my house and am more cautious now hehe.There is alot this game has to offer and with the devs talking to implement Magic and more on the long run I am very pleased.Just look at some games like 7 days to die and how it evolved since day one.  I have faith in Funcom simply because this game day one is actuly very good hey its day one.  Take the time to take this in and imagine it in a few months what it can become.I played solo/coop for a while just getting to know the game what items to choose to craft from the beginning makes a difference be aware.Now on multiplayer server.  Yes you will get killed if you choose pvp yes your house will be destroyed and looted.  Make yourself friends build a community join a clan.   You made the decision to play on multiplayer server that is the point.If this is a issue for you. SOlo play it or coop with some friends should be more then ennough.   You will still enjoy the survival aspect and leveling.At the moment I have seen my share of freezes and crashes.  Mostly after death were my character wont move or simply seen a cutscene and ended up frozen.  These issues are on the forums and actuly got some advice and fixes that corrected most of the issues.  Know that you will live it and remember its just got out!  Stay calm close the game restart and it will be fine in most of the case.  If not post in the community explain your problem there are good peaple that are willing to help.Enjoy. Will see you in game, friend will get my help, foe will get my blade make your decision!"
,Recommended,440900,29630609,Posted: 1 February,all,[DoC] Salzus✅,This game is a breath of fresh air even in it's Early Access state it's good to be in a survival game that is based in a world like Conan. The game had a rough start but what was nice was the response from the devs and the quick resolutions.The following features are amazing:Thrall SystemReligion SystemAvatarsSandstormPower Re-Distribution system (Raiders)Building creation (They want you to build big)Clan SystemTech TreeLeveling SystemThere are many little details in this game that show you that this will be a sucess. The downside is though a bad community on a server can really harm the experience you have playing this.
76561198039700480,Recommended,440900,29637664,Posted: 1 February,all,Exzear,It has alot of potential and it runs really well (FPS wise) there is some rubber banding and the mobs are stupid/slow dont fight like they should because of the server lag the game suffer from atm but if you played ark when that came out its no where near as bad :P I love this game already and i hope they fix the server Desync and all that because i prefer the sword and shield fighting style over running around with snipers/AKs ive dont that in way to many survival games so im really digging it and i belive that they will work on the game to improve it for us just like ARK did and im enjoying it alot already!
,Recommended,440900,29643212,Posted: 1 February,all,Alarah,"It's buggy, but only day 2 of early access so understandable. If they rapidly patch the bugs I think they'll have a real winner on their hands"
,Recommended,440900,29621420,Posted: 31 January,all,NordicApache,"I like it. A little bit of Ark, a little bit of Rust. A whole lotta fun. 10/10 would donger again."
76561198244208556,Recommended,440900,29632896,Posted: 1 February,all,Bloodbloom,"I thoroughly enjoy this game. it is buggy and the animations are very lacking. The ai bugs out sometimes and there are teleporting hyenaes. That being said they have already done 2 patches since it came out and i am seeing improvements. I also didnt expect much from it because they said it was very  early access, so keep that in mind when playing it. I think it has a lot of potential, especially with a company like funcom behind it."
,Recommended,440900,29643083,Posted: 1 February,all,Harkotic,So far the gameplay has been enjoyable. Day 2 into EA and everything is progressing well in terms of stability and comunity response. Overall I look forward to playing more.
76561198043501660,Recommended,440900,29611863,Posted: 31 January,all,LIMPDICK,10/10 get to see the males ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and dangly bits when swimming
,Recommended,440900,29617212,Posted: 31 January,all,Vinpascal,"Was farming to continue my base, Suddenly 4 people came out of bushes around me like ninjas. They told me to freeze. I screamed to them I got the Death Star plans and you will all die, they suddenly ran away screaming don't kill us.8/10 due to rubber banding, would try it again"
76561198171947777,Recommended,440900,29677841,Posted: 3 February,all,WackyShack,"This game is actually pretty good, I like the building and the combat is pretty nice in 3rd person. But obviously this is like early early access, and it will have it's problems. The servers do lag a big and it can get annoying, but you could just play singleplayer. And some things are just not tuned yet, like npcs. But if you can handle these problems, it's pretty fun. And all of these problems will be fixed within the next coming weeks/months."
76561198351608354,Recommended,440900,29881616,Posted: 12 February,all,tsoron,"Update: Finally a fix! Game runs better than before. Kudos.Several updates ago (about a week ago now) this game would not launch due to a variety of errors. After putting 12 hrs into Conan Exiles,  Steam won't give me a refund on a game that I can't play, and the developers have yet to come up with a solution other than referrring my to Steam's support pages. I've tried all the suggestions to get this game working with no success. Not to mention the game fails to live up to the trailer they have in the Steam store. The game itself is glitchy and more or less a rip-off of other survival games. I feel like my money was stolen on this one."
76561198022850869,Recommended,440900,29744654,Posted: 6 February,all,Jack Reace,"okay lets get this out of the way...1 Its not done yet.2 Its basicly an ark clone in the Conan mythosWho knew with the tag “Early Access” there might be some bugs and it migh have some mising feachers? Strange as that is its a suprisingly well made game . the opmization feals verry finished. Evin my potato powered pc can run this suprisingly well [AMD Phenome quad core processer, 8g of ram, and gtx650 GPU] the majority of the problems i find with the game apear to be with the servers and battle eye ""shocking isn't it'as far as gameplay it is verry simlar to ARK except Thrals ""slaves"" insted of dinosaurs. with the exception of the sand storms. any server with those turned off is a bich server in my non humble opinion.The fact that this is a Conan is that much better for me."
,Recommended,440900,29767416,Posted: 7 February,all,Doctor Bacca,"I am the kind of person to stay away from early access games especially first day buying but i am VERY happy with this game, yes its very similar to ark with some features but overall I like how the devs have made this game its own. Also the devs are very on top of optimization and bug fixing, although with an update comes out every day sometimes twice a day, its hard to stay connected to a sever because their server isnt updated. A small price to pay for a game that I believe is going to go a long way"
,Recommended,440900,29781799,Posted: 8 February,all,Ornery and Mean,Dangalangadongalinglongs.
,Recommended,440900,29789019,Posted: 8 February,all,Summer Vibe Mittens,"To sum it up, Conan is a Gorean styled version of a mix of Ark and Rust that plays way better IMO. The roadmap seems promising as well.------------------------------------------------------------------------------My ccock blows in the wind just like it would in real lifeCool breeze between my ballsLadies are stunned by my size------------------------------------------------------------------------------A haiku by CptnMcMeowMeow.10/10 would write another haiku"
,Recommended,440900,29791375,Posted: 8 February,all,Joric,"I love this game. Completely sandbox gives you the freedom to do what you want. Graphics are amazing. Sure it needs a lot of work but that is the awesome part of early access. You can help shape the game! Also has single player co-op mode, which is my preferred mode of play."
,Recommended,440900,29809387,Posted: 9 February,all,Gumuš Marpučović,"Just a new survival game.Playing with your friends is better .It can be little problems, Just give the game some time, because its new."
76561197978666125,Recommended,440900,29835474,Posted: 10 February,all,Teleck,I like this game...i know its early release.....but the lag is a deal breaker almost..  hopefully they can get that fixed
76561198269458930,Recommended,440900,29793563,Posted: 8 February,all,coolmoonguy,holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game has potential i play it everyday the lag sucks sucks but everyday they fix it and they content in it is so ♥♥♥♥ing good kerep it up this game is worth it 100%
76561198111458184,Recommended,440900,29840740,Posted: 10 February,all,LimeTrick,"A nice cross between Ark and Rust, not as fast as rust and not as time consuming (unless you want it to be) as Ark. Looks really nice....Just please remember this is early Alpha and it's not perfect yet but I am basing my positive review on what I believe it will become."
76561198004114653,Recommended,440900,29914403,Posted: 13 February,all,snipes007,"It is good, Beta remember ;)"
,Recommended,440900,29953392,Posted: 15 February,all,Deathstroke,Great game.  It is excactly what it says it is an early access game.  With that said Funcom is great so far with updates almost every day.  They listen to the community when fixing and designing the game.  I would reccommend this game over all survival based games i have played.  If the early access scares you wait six months and check back in.  By then the game should have enouhg updates and fixes to entice you to buy it.
,Recommended,440900,29960383,Posted: 16 February,all,ntw,Best survival rpg ever! Even in alfa.
,Recommended,440900,30358758,Posted: 6 March,all,ARNO,还好，就是估计还没更新好，玩着还有点单调。
,Recommended,440900,29772192,Posted: 7 February,all,Synaptic Wanderer,"Original Review: So I can't currently recommend this game. I'm writing this review during the load times experienced when I have to turn it off and on again because it isn't updating state properly. Inventory and crafting items duplicate, disappear, leave phantom values behind, fail to be used on use (whether consumed or not), and fail to have an effect when used. On the last restart, the game crashed entirely. Also sometimes it ignores my input, seemingly at random.I'll update as I go along.Oh, and for reference, I've played a couple hundred hours of ARK.Update 2/21/17: Okay, good job, you patched a lot of things really quickly. Things break less often, and when they do they're in new ways rather than old ones for the most part. I really love the textures and the resource distribution (though I wish bark were a wee bit easier, lol). Little rocks scattered around large rocks, and in riverbeds and ruins, branches washed up in desert valleys. Very nice little touches. I'm really enjoying this game, and change my review to a thumbs up.Update 3/7/17: Okay, so the patching doesn't always go well, and I can't place several of the things I can make, or make several of the recipes I know, and not all of the items have names, and I've found an awful lot of Placeholder_Lore, and I can't fit through all of the exactly alike doorways, but I like the fact that I can catch slaves with skills that mostly don't disappear anymore, and I like the fact that I don't get eaten by giant lizards every nine seconds. I'm also pretty excited about the future plans, and really hope the devs follow through on their stated goals."
,Recommended,440900,29744996,Posted: 6 February,all,HOSHI®,"UPDATE:It has been a while so it's time for an update. The flaws I mentioned are gone in the updates the game recieved over time. Its way more playable and actually fun. But keep in mind this is still way...waaaay early access and if you're not on a roleplay server you will have seen every content so far pretty soon. As for it is right now it gives a glimps what can be in the future. Thumbs up for now.OLD REVIEW:After watching the developer streams I really got hooked and bought this game even with the bad reviews. Now I see why there are so many. Sorry but this is less then early access. The things shown in the streams sparely work or not even that. Items just disapear, bows don't work, crafted items don't show up and material wasted. For this price its not worth it at this state."
76561198272875663,Recommended,440900,30049472,Posted: 19 February,all,SquadFam,"This game is still getting better and better,there's lot more potential to be revealed,  keep up the good work devs!"
76561198018013906,Recommended,440900,29692121,Posted: 4 February,all,Son Of Samuel,"I've learned the riddle of steel, noice."
,Recommended,440900,29890892,Posted: 12 February,all,realestRyderr,"I gave this game a ton of love when it first came out and I still don't mind it, but It's one of those games that's disappearing into the background a little.PROS:- Great crafting- Cool concept- Building options are deep- World is visually nice- Cool leveling systemCONS:- Map is too unbalanced- Gathering takes way to long at the start- Performance struggles with multiple players at times.- Uneven enemy AI strengths- Unstable serversAll and all, I will keep playing because they're always bringing us updates.7.5/10"
,Recommended,440900,29702648,Posted: 4 February,all,Xione,"Definitely still in early access, but the game is already passing my expectations.  The devs are working their asses off to get updates out for everyone.  Very impressed."
76561198047656251,Recommended,440900,29704001,Posted: 4 February,all,WildTurk,Great early access survival game. Long time rust player switching over and it is nice to have the primitive combat throughout the game! Devs are releasing frequent patches to combat all alpha issues
,Recommended,440900,29704059,Posted: 4 February,all,QuartzImage,"Development is going very well in this alpha. Lots of bad reviews but it seems to mainly be from the normal whiners that don't have a clue about what early access is.Had no lag or rubberbanding at all in my session which we hosted locally, so the issues i see most prevalently are probably serverside, so easily fixed by the devs in the coming months im sure.Combat is on the clunky side but they have the fundamentals down, it's going to be a good game in the same vein as Ark or Rust as long as patching and content proceeds apace."
,Recommended,440900,29708352,Posted: 4 February,all,Skalfing,"Hyboria is love. Great potential, already really fun, love the game! As an Age of Conan veteran player, its so amazing to see so much from that game in Exiles! For Conan lovers, and people aware that this is an Early Access and with the intention to help build the final game, this is truly recommended!"
,Recommended,440900,29708505,Posted: 4 February,all,[|||] Magnum Force,"Conan Exiles,Seems to have recieved quiet some bad reviews upon launch. Are they valid? Let's see,As soon as my install got done I launched the game, watched the intro and couldn't wait to unleash the barbarian within me. The very barbarian I saw jumping across the screen when I was just a kid when Schwarzenegger played the role.Those where the days, those where the heroes and that same feeling got hold of me again.So, I couldn't be bothered with online teensitting. Time to go solo. Barbarians don't need no backup. I will show the world what it means to be Barbarian..or not..So, before you embark there's this character creation system. It's more fleshed out than the one that comes with Ark and fits the Conan the Barbarian (80's) theme just right.You can even choose a deity, although it isn't really clear if that plays a major role or not. You do get some bonus if you choose a god, but not all descriptions are that clear. Probably only to those who're really into Hyboria lore.Anyway, on with the game.As soon as you spawn you get this familar feeling that you've seen this and done that in Ark, or other good survival games. Than again, you see things which are just better than in Ark.What? is that possible!? yes, it is. As a matter of fact, I like the GUI much, much better in Conan if I compare it to Ark's. It provides me with more info and looks more pleasing. Also, almost all items have an information button. That is pretty nice, since I'm a sucker for lore and story.But, alright, who cares what i like, how does the game play?It plays Unreal Engine Pre-Cooked.If you don't know what that means, read it up and stop complaing about lag spikes.The reason why the game jitters or hangs from time to time has nothing to do with bad quality, bad design or you having a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ rig. Its'due to loading pre-cooked data. Check your install directory and you'll see what's happening.Does that make sense:Hell yes that makes sense. It makes for easier and faster updating and patching from the developers side. meaning: ""We work on this game and we do our best to deliver"" Later, they're going over to cooked versions, just as with Ark, Rising Storm, or any other big Unreal Engine game. But, for now, it's prefectly legit. Epecially because it's Early Access.How does it look:The game looks good. There's a pretty clear direction along the design and the game world is interesting enough to keep exploring. Even if it's a bit small right now. Not very small, but too small if you want to do all out clan wars with big groups of players. For solo and co-op it's fine.Are the graphics as good as the screenshots? Almost, I cranked it all up to maximum and got pretty close to the screenshot quality. So, that's okay in my book. Even more than okay.How does it sound:Just awesome, there's some serious sound engineering going on within Conan Exiles and it shows that a pro company is behind it. From the cutting down of a tree to the beheading of an unfortunate soul. It sounds great. Nothing wrong here.How does it feel?Oh..hmm..here it comes..""Hey, this feels like a total conversion mod of Ark""What I mean is that many things are just 1:1 the same (By execution) They don't seem to be copied, just kept in. That's also why I'm not sure if this is really a Conan / Hyboria worthy game at the moment.Because, let's face it; playing as weapon swinging barbarian means you know how to do combat. Well, the combat is to basic. Block, attack, dodge bla bla. Nothing technical here. Just a button smasher. Not engaging enough if you ask me.I need directional sword control like in Dark Messiah. Technical and fast. That's what defines a warrior. Not just some crude button smashing.And due to that messy, too simple fighting I find myself playing just another survival game.But, okay, besides of that I think the game is well on it's way to become a nice mix between a role playing and survival game. Especially with the many options to host your own server straight out of the box. Adjust anything to your liking and hit play. Yes, you can use scripts and such, but this is just better service and more friendly."
76561198021780724,Recommended,440900,29705138,Posted: 4 February,all,MunkyFoot,"I had some difficulty getting the game to work at first to the point where I almost requested a refund, but I decided to hold out and it was worth it. The first few patches the devs put out fixed most the of the glaring bugs and connection issues and I have been able to play with very few interruptions for the last few days. Now that I have been able to play I have to say I highly recommend this game. It is definitely very similar to ARK (and the other ten thousand early access survival games on steam), but it manages to inject a much needed and healthy dose of RPG-feel and world/lore depth while tapering back some of the grindier elements of this genre to create a game that's reasonably challenging and freeform, but gives more of a sense of purpose. I'm excited to see how the game evolves."
,Recommended,440900,29705469,Posted: 4 February,all,Perling,I like it. Same basic premise as ark but with less gimmicks. Yes there are issues but it's early access -duh there's gonna be hiccups. I'm having a blast having to figure out this game for the first time instead of just consulting a wiki.The devs are listening and very active in patching fixes into the game. Props to them for busting humps to give players a great experience in the Conan universe.
,Recommended,440900,29706039,Posted: 4 February,all,MrCrazyNess skinsjar.com,This game is amazing i love it !!!GUYS IF YOU LIKE SURVIVAL GAMES BUY THAT GAME YOU WILL LOVE IT !!!
76561198125341400,Recommended,440900,29708349,Posted: 4 February,all,Vip3rCs88,love the game wish they would fix the crashing on server loading and server load times along with the rubber banding during combat.....
76561198143319904,Recommended,440900,29730042,Posted: 5 February,all,BurnedNuggets,"It is buggy, but work is being done very quickly to fix that."
,Recommended,440900,29735082,Posted: 5 February,all,Mum Bett,"This game has so much potential they just need to fix the lag, the hunger and thirst which goes down so fast you can die of hunger in less than one day you die thirst almost at spawn point, they also need to fix the beds that you can't re spawn in that's all this game has a lot of potential but needs care and should've never been released in this state but I recommend just wait for the updates because the developers are active don't abandon us"
76561198048298643,Recommended,440900,29703150,Posted: 4 February,all,DeerLord,Nice
76561198038638701,Recommended,440900,29704860,Posted: 4 February,all,JekyllnHyde29,HOW IS THIS MIXED REVIEWS THIS GAME IS AMAZING
,Recommended,440900,29705087,Posted: 4 February,all,JeepEscape,"Despite the obvious Early Access issues that Funcom is patching daily, this game is fantastic and getting better each time I log in.  In fact, I wish it was an MMORPG on a large scale, because it would be my dream game.  I didn't get into ARK because the theme did nothing for me, but Conan Exiles has me hooked right now and the future looks very bright for this Survival game.  By CROM!"
,Recommended,440900,29705847,Posted: 4 February,all,Matt,The game is fun. The game was easy to get into in terms of being able to craft and build houses. The building aspect of the game feels very nice.
,Recommended,440900,29705438,Posted: 4 February,all,Tom Doom,Hopefully a dev reads this.... If you build a base then join a clan. Sometimes players are running into an issue where they are then unable to build at the base they made
,Recommended,440900,29702612,Posted: 4 February,all,bryceamundo,no review needed this game is awesome
76561197970536680,Recommended,440900,29702746,Posted: 4 February,all,Nua,"About the gameplay its similare to other in the genre with some new fresh thinking. Feels like they took the good picese f rom rust and ARK and made a baby :)...The game runs smothly first day i experinced some server lag, but after 2 patches it feels better.Anyway i think the devs care about the games, they patch often and according to the devblogg they have plenty of cool ideas."
76561198000543859,Recommended,440900,29703711,Posted: 4 February,all,Askem,If you like exploring and building this so far has been awesome. I love how much you can do tith the buildings.
,Recommended,440900,29703951,Posted: 4 February,all,ek,"Great game, great devs.:-)"
76561198131403309,Recommended,440900,29704794,Posted: 4 February,all,Greenliion,so far its been alot of fun and patches have been fixing what I have found wrong with the game. Still has only been out for a week and is a early access game. So cant really stay to much yet!
,Recommended,440900,29704927,Posted: 4 February,all,SnowyOwl,Right now the combat seems to be way too difficult. I have 20 STR and it's still taking me just as many swings to kill EVERYTHING as compared to when I was level 1-5 using the first sword you unlock. Not sure whats going on with that it seems that strength is almost a useless stat after you put 4 or 5 points in it.
,Recommended,440900,29620758,Posted: 31 January,all,Arcradin,"Awesome survival game. This game can match you with like minded players that prefer a certain gameplay that goes further in depth than just PVP or PVE servers. There is a good amount of content in this game as well which brings it above ""just another survival game"". There are some bugs in this game but they aren't serious and they don't affect the overall gameplay. I just hope this gem doesn't get abandoned. It seems like all alpha games on steam (mainly survival games) get abandonded and die.Combat is enjoyable and is a bit strategic at times, crafting is awesome, graphics are great, sound/music is great, server stability is outstanding, server creation is unbelievably awesome (There are sooo many options and you have total control over everything), I havn't gotten into building yet, but it looks very promising and I love the snap-in building option.Not sure why this game is receiving a lot of negative reviews. Most of the negative reviews seem to be about lag spikes or crashes. I've experienced some lag spikes and fps issues myself, but after messing with some settings I've stopped receiving lag spikes and my fps is stable.A lot of people are comparing this to Ark which is understandable. The difference for me between this game and Ark is that this game has stable and very customizable servers. The options you have in this game when creating a server is outstanding.. it really amazes me. Ark seems to never work correctly for me even with my beefy computer which frustrates me because I thought Ark would have fixed their stability issues by now, but instead they just seem to keep adding in more things/dinos that overwhelm the servers."
76561197969242951,Recommended,440900,29705180,Posted: 4 February,all,Conlai Darkmoor,"This is early access so doing a full review of this game is impossible. It is similar to most survival games out there, you need to hunt for food and build your shelter. Where it differs is that it is placed in the world of Conan the Barbarian, it's all swords and axes, no lasers, no assault rifles.You are dropped into the game, naked and lashed to a cross. Someone, looking a lot like Conan, cuts you from this cross and leaves you to fend for yourself.The guys at Funcom have created a beautiful world, the graphics are some of the best I've seen in any Survival type of game. There are things that I hope that they improve, like the fighting, as it is now it's pretty basic, hack and slash. The main issue with the game so far has been the servers, at the moment they are not very stable, and the partner Funcom had for renting servers has been unable to cover the demand for servers so Funcom is in the process of getting a new partner.This sort of game is best when it's played on a server with some friends, and even though you can play it as a singleplayer on your local machine, it's when you play against others this game really starts to shine. There is a pretty basic clan system in place already, and working together to create a base and raiding other players bases is the aim of the game.Where Conan Exiles differs from other offerings of it's kind, is in the Clan's ability to gather Thralls which are NPC humans captured and kept as slaves. These can be put to do several tasks, and what Funcom comes up with here will determine a lot of the appeal of the game.As far as Early Access games go, Conan Exiles is well on it's way to completion, there is a lot to like in the game and I would not hesitate to recommend it, but if bugs and server issues annoy you, then you might want to give it a few months before jumping in.UPDATED 10.02.2017:The last couple of patches has made the player experience online a lot better. The servers seem much more stable, there is less rubberbanding and fewer disconnects."
76561198173884718,Recommended,440900,29705523,Posted: 4 February,all,Wellux_lewis,this game feels like the next big survival/crafting game so i approve but im waiting for the combat to be fixed be for i get into it more
76561198048240350,Recommended,440900,29705598,Posted: 4 February,all,Kirby,"game is very good but id wait till they fix the lag issues and a few bugs that make it hard to play the game, other than that i think that this game will be somthing really great."
76561198035346490,Recommended,440900,29705911,Posted: 4 February,all,iPaddie,"Great survival game, in good state for an Early Access game.Nice progression system and great environments."
,Recommended,440900,29706682,Posted: 4 February,all,Khyrai,gg wp
76561197987418404,Recommended,440900,29613712,Posted: 31 January,all,Gov,"Now that servers are stable, this game is a blast. Already leaps and bounds better than ARK and H1, plus you can rock out with your c*** out. Or the ladies can rock out with the t*** out."
76561198030491290,Recommended,440900,29613736,Posted: 31 January,all,vinnygunnz,"Playing single player.  So far I'm having fun with it.  Graphics are great, performance is acceptable since this is day one.  For the most part it runs well but occasionally there are pauses or freezes that last a second or two, but resolve without crashing.  Looking forward to getting further in the game."
76561197965466193,Recommended,440900,29613756,Posted: 31 January,all,DeathByMusic,its not the best right now but it will be awesome when its all running good.
76561198028466526,Recommended,440900,29613732,Posted: 31 January,all,Cujo,"Its a solid foundation of gameplay / survival / theme to build off of.  Funcom has a solid record of sticking with their games too and improving them over time.Conan is the best Fantasy IP on the planet (imo) so they have a cohesive / fun world to build off of as well (unlike other Survival Sandboxes that have no cohesive theme/story/world/setting.)Yes the game has problems as of 1/31/2017, but I believe if you stick with Funcom on this one that the game will really evolve in a positive way over time.  Like with all game development, building a video game takes a ton of time and effort and patience.What is here, is a solid foundation and a pretty bright future.My BIGGEST disappointment as of today is the Archery.  I love archery in games like Skyrim / FarCry 3.... but as of now the Archery in Conan: Exiles is abysmal and just a massive let-down.  I HOPE to god (crom?) that they improve it in the future.I also hope that the enemy A.I. evolves to a place that makes them a bit more fun to battle and I would LOVE a Shield Bash option to smash people around with your shield.Looking forward to the future of this game overall."
76561198018552611,Recommended,440900,29609419,Posted: 31 January,all,SyraphX,"This is an early access game, ran smooth on my gtx970. Couple bugs indeed, animations problems and server stability issues. Clunky mechanics. Is it fun still? I think so. Gotta wait and see how devs handles the rest. Don't invest in this game if you ain't ready for this kind of erly access problems."
76561197996678091,Recommended,440900,29750882,Posted: 6 February,all,Ztreak,Impressive to be so early in the early access. Really enjoying it so far.Exited to se what this may become. :)
76561197980828827,Recommended,440900,29750751,Posted: 6 February,all,5 Dollar Hooker,You can adjust your battle stick during character creation.
,Recommended,440900,29639939,Posted: 1 February,all,Rinjii,"A great take on the Survival genre with a ton of potential. Love the devs, their hard work, and transparency throughout the launch process and since. Despite the unfounded negativity seen recently, game has only been out two days, due to launch complications I have found many hours of fun to be had. Cannot wait to see what Funcom comes up with and hope to see the game continue to improve."
,Recommended,440900,29639873,Posted: 1 February,all,Arthu,Great game when its working. i bought it a day ago and played maybie 30 mins before it kept poping me out.. my system was getting higer fps then my friends all the time but it just didnt help me cause the ati card i had has had issues in unreal engine. i wish that such a big company would have used a bigger scale engine and not a half baked hobby engine ive seen 11 and 12 year olds using. ill probably rebuy once its working straight it seemed like a lot of fun for the 10 mins i played. this game could take over rust in a sence
,Recommended,440900,29751652,Posted: 6 February,all,TheRagingood,Very good i like it i play it for low time but i like it for now :) it has so much bugs but with friends is so fun to play ! :) buy it
,Recommended,440900,29633911,Posted: 1 February,all,Barjona / ajf412,"Intro:There are some bad reviews, but, if you read the bad reviews, most of them are by people that obviously don't understand what ""Early Access"" means.  Funcom even put a little disclaimer in their intro to the game, with a link address to Steam's explanation of ""Early Access.""  You're basically paying a company for ""early access"" to beta test their game for them.  Don't buy it yet if you are expecting optimized and streamlined gameplay.  It's not there yet.  But it's getting closer by the day.Now, all that being said, I should give my own disclaimer.  I am a Conan fan.  The first novel I ever read was ""Conan the Defender"" by Robert Jordan, when I was 7 years old.  I snitched it from my older brother, and read it in my room and at school.  But to let you know that my review is impartial, I am also a big WH40k fan, and WH:EC was a complete disappointment, and I don't play it.  I hate it.  I was a beta tester for AoC, and that was a disappointment in that Funcom didn't deliver what they promised.  As a fan of something, I expect the company developing the game to put a fan's level of heart and soul into it.  Anyway, this is about Conan Exiles.Review:This is a running update review.  I check back to edit it as I feel an update is needed.Currently at 114 hours play time, around level 40.  Some time played in single player, but that was all messing around with admin rights and stuff.Pros:The environment looks really nice, if you can play with high enough settings.  My settings are only at medium, and the world looks really nice.  I'm looking forward to the tax return, so I can buy a 980 or 1080 and see what that does.  Right now, I'm playing on a GTX 570.You can set the level of nudity allowed on your server/single player game.  If your server is set to full nudity, each player can also set their own level of nudity, so you don't have to worry about what level of nudity the server is at.Slaves.  ...I mean thralls.  It's not every game you get to go bludgeon somebody into unconciousness, and make them bend to your will.All lag is pretty much fixed.  We have zero problems with leg anymore, except the very occasional spike that sometimes goes unnoticed.Funcom is active and working hard to make this game worth your money.  They want this game to succeed.  They want it to be what you're looking for.Mixed:Progression is a little slow compared to other survival games, but on par with MMOs.  This can be tweaked in server settings, but like I said, we're playing it vanilla.-We upped our xp to 1.5 and it's much better.  Only change thus far.-Upped our xp to 2.0.  We're starting to get a little ground down with xp farming.Cons:Currently some wacky little bugs, but nothing game stopping for me.  It's EA, so these are easy to ignore, and find workarounds, or fixable by logging off and on.-crafting bugs-inventory bugs-creature pathing-you get the gist.Spawn points are not random.  I know where to go and kill a croc, and shalebacks along the way, for easy XP grind path.  I hope that this changes.  I'd like to see wandering mobs that can travel the entire map, if they so desire.-Gind path irrelevant due to XP required vs. XP given, but I really want wandering mobs.-AI:  AI is very basic.  Easy to exploit animals and humans into combat situations of your choosing.  Basically, just be careful of pulling too many mobs at once, and you're okay.-Boss Mobs:  Boss mobs are unkillable in single player.  Even if you lure them to a point where you can hit them, and they can't hit you, good luck killing them.  And yet, on the undead dragon, the story block tells you ""a single man killed it.""  Yeah....-When I view the game in my library, the mods pictured show full frontal nudity, as my 4 year old son pointed out.  Not good...-The world is too small at the current build.  They do have plans to add new biomes, but until this happens, prepare to get bored.  I couldn't even level all the way to 50.  Perhaps PvP servers are a remedy to this?  I don't know.  But the environment by itself is too small to keep one's attention.-Not enough lore driven content.  Robert E. Howard gave Funcom enough content to build an entire world.  Add in all the other side books by Robert Jordan, Leonard Carpenter (even though I believe he was the one that had Crom take an active role in Conan's life), comic books like The Savage Sword of Conan, and you have way more than enough content to start filling a world like this with tons and tons and tons of lore.  Yet so little of it, besides the titles of NPCs and the race of your character....Conclusion (TLDR):Little bit of a rough start, but Funcom has been on the ball getting hotfixes out.  People are complaining about Early Access stuff, and that's why there's mixed reviews.  Stay away if you don't like beta level gaming.  Game is fun, but has small issues, nothing game breaking, unless your computer sucks, your server sucks, or your connection sucks.  Game is pretty brutal until you get a good foundation set up.  Expect to die.  A lot.  And I mean PvE.  Beautiful environment.  Once you get set up though, the game becomes a grind, and a bit of a bore.  I recommend the game to Conan fans, otherwise...  wait until more development has been implemented."
,Recommended,440900,29639820,Posted: 1 February,all,Sp2468,Very fun game completly worth the money if this you your kind of game.
76561198040603456,Recommended,440900,29787507,Posted: 8 February,all,Burd,"BUYER BEWAREIm gonna make this short but to the point.This game currently is a complete mess, but it has the potental to be an ark killer. Hopefully its fixes it♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,440900,29750883,Posted: 6 February,all,Niyokaive,"It has been less than a week since the game was released. Between the hours in the game, tweaking my server settings, YouTube, and the discussion forums I have found Funcom has done a pretty good job with this game overall so far. Like any early access game Conan Exiles requires some work on the Devs part. Despite Funcom's partner PingPerfect falling through in the ability to deliver the demand of Official Servers to the gamer community I think Funcom has been pretty resilient in handling the bugs with prompt patches and keeping the community informed. They still haven't found a new partner to host their Official Servers in the capacity that the user base demands. Private dedicated servers have been holding a lot of people through this time.The game does have some of the same mechanics as ARK but has a different spin on it with more of an emphasis on combat. I really can't wait to see what Funcom will add to the game once they get a lot the hot topic issues fixed. I would definitely recommend this game to everyone with the advice to keep in mind that Conan Exiles is current an Early Access game with a long road ahead of it. This game has a lot of potential to top the charts. The question is when will you take part in the journey?"
,Not Recommended,440900,29952310,Posted: 15 February,all,Issei Hyoudou gamdom.com,"Game is really fun, I don't have a lot of time to play it but i try to play for a while when I can. I will leave a few suggestions along with a recommended review.List of suggestions.- DO NOT PLAY ON OFFICIAL SERVERS. In their current state, official servers have people who have blocked off every good resource making new players have a very difficult and not welcoming atmosphere when they first start. Blockades are in locations such as Spider Caves, Thrall camps, etc.- Play on a high multiplier server until you understand the mechanics of the game. This will help you out quite a bit when you move to a normal 1x multiplier server.- Try to make some friends, don't always be hostile. This game is a lot more fun when you have made a group of friends and work in conjunction on a base rather than to play solo then get raided by people who could have potentially been allies.Edit -Game died and ♥♥♥♥ing sucks."
,Recommended,440900,34402880,Posted: 21 August,all,iudiu,Beautiful game with lots of promise.  Getting better every patch.  I really enjoy collaborative building/exploring with my friends online.  Lots of polish even in early access.  Looking forward to the future with this fun title!
,Not Recommended,440900,29715009,Posted: 5 February,all,Summer Camp,"It's fun. I honestly feel like the game was better week 1 than it is today. Players are running around with 99% of their body invisible. Audio is garbage. AI is still bad. The combat is atrocious. The player movement feels extremely off. You run for a couple seconds and you're already out of stamina. Sure a new area to explore is cool and all but if movement, ai, poor balancing is still a big issue then it's more of a hassle to deal with just to see some snow. I really wanted this update to save the game but oh well I'm sure it will do well on console considering they will play anything."
,Recommended,440900,29768617,Posted: 7 February,all,Big Rubber Duck,"I've played a lot of rust, I've played a lot of ark, and this game is like if rust and ark had a love child and it got all the good traits from each of them.Pros: Great lore filled world, No ranged combat above crossbow, No one feels so strong to be never taken out, very fun melee and thrall system, getting a steady 60fps wherever I go.Cons: Can be a big laggy although expected to have hiccups in early access, I've had structures despawn again early access it is expected, the avatars are really cheap to summon although not seeing one they dont take much and can destroy end game structures in a matter of seconds.Overall it is a very fun game if you are a fan of survival games."
76561198255710653,Recommended,440900,29637569,Posted: 1 February,all,T.F4RR3LL,"Love this game, best build, survival game, i have played yet. Been playing solo at the moment to learn everything that is possible to do. If you enjoy survival games, like i do, this will be a must have."
76561198049326542,Recommended,440900,34483507,Posted: 25 August,all,s4seemichael,"the game is good, but the official server is so bad. Always go offline and i keep die in the wild, losing all my equipment."
76561198019263761,Recommended,440900,29683604,Posted: 3 February,all,sprinter,"it's very good game. of course it has lots of bugs but it's still early access. Only minus what i see after playing for few hours is price, 30e is simply too much for that stage."
,Recommended,440900,29773307,Posted: 7 February,all,Dangerous,Had a great time with Friends building are base and exploreing the world. Looking forward to more content to come. I could recommend this game if you are looking for a very playable early access title.
,Not Recommended,440900,29651866,Posted: 2 February,all,Slyther,Classic example of a company that cashed out a game far too early and lost their entire playerbase.Early access is cancer and we need to stop supporting it.
,Recommended,440900,29883367,Posted: 12 February,all,McLovin,Great game. Expect early alpha bugs but very promising.
76561198102542110,Not Recommended,440900,29968962,Posted: 16 February,all,Trebor,"Funcoms adding extra content and doing what they can to fix issues but 8 months on it is still rife with exploits, crashes, bugs etcera. It's a terrible gaming experience. Avoid like the plague."
76561198219452361,Recommended,440900,34339969,Posted: 18 August,all,Lobbo,"Doesn't run that well, but it runs allright, 50-60 fps average with a r5 1600 and rx 580. Lots of lots of bugs, some are fun, and some are just annoying.Example sometimes you can't ""mine"" bushes, and trees. And restarting the game doesnt help everytime.Theres also this :))https://steamuserimages-a.akamaihd.net/ugc/849346240719612396/E9817C7327F51C313706AB9857F8C7F006393C99/(its some form of pike and pickaxe combo)Some animals run really glitchy, like, teleporting kinda.It's thrilling when a rhino is chasing you, great game, tho it's VERY glitchy. Reminds me a lot of ARK: Survival EvolvedI've not played this much, so I might update this review if I remember it."
,Recommended,440900,34423748,Posted: 22 August,all,Crocodile Dundee,"It's a survival game. Ranged combat wasn't great, but the melee combat was enjoyable enough.Sometimes it can feel a bit too easy to scum people."
76561198164829779,Recommended,440900,31224256,Posted: 18 April,all,nOOb-,good killign time with friends...!! enjoy!
,Recommended,440900,29731801,Posted: 5 February,all,HL-Chemical.UK,Amazing early access. by far a smooth launch but it show cases the possibilities for a briliant game. I look forward to playing the game as it develops.
76561198043641041,Recommended,440900,29708298,Posted: 4 February,all,Doggie,"this game is really cool and fun, even though its bugging."
,Recommended,440900,34572222,Posted: 29 August,all,Snicker,"I have to recommend this game. It has so much content, and just after 5 hours of gametime it has allready been worth the money. Not encountered any gamebreaking bugs yet. The GFX are really good. And there is so much to do. And playing with friends is what really makes this game."
76561198018449587,Recommended,440900,29631887,Posted: 1 February,all,Dante Von Hespburg,"This game is Early Access, with all the bells and whistles that usually entails. I feel some people NEED to remember that when purchasing a game. Thus servers could do with (and indeed are) being worked on with the lag issue. Also i'm not particularly a fan of how local serve co-op has been implemented- There is a 'radious' around the host that those co-oping with them cannot get away from as the world loads around the host.This is not an issue though when you play on an online server. And that's where the fun for me has been.The game has some solid core mechanics, combat could do with a little work, though i find it quite fun (and highly reminiscent of Skyrim at the moment)- I'm eagerly awaiting the additions of mounts and siege weapons.The atmosphere very much is 'Conan'- its bloody, there's a LOT of nakedness and a lot of wild barbaric acts upon people and property. The 'end' game is something i've yet to experience but am really excited for.The Music...IS EPIC (Like seriously its Conan all over).The Thrall system is fun, there's a perverse joy in roping poor well chaps and stealing them back to your base. the cult aspect as too is epic, and dem avatars look something awesome to face down. This game has a great potential, so even if you don't buy it, if you love the genre and/or Conan, keep an eye on it and revisit when out of EA.So far i'd say a promising start (and this is from someone who had the infamous C++ issue- i.e. my windows hadn't downloaded a few optional updates and thus prevented the game from starting- fixed now luckily through downloading said udates- silly me!) So all in a really awesome start and i'm eagerly awaiting further updates :)"
76561197987077311,Recommended,440900,29685312,Posted: 3 February,all,Dutstra,"Generally I have been put off ""early access"" game recently. This game I have been following for a while as it wasn't developed by some unknown entity trying to make it's way through the droves of game publishers. As a somewhat fan of the Conan universe this game ticks many box's for me.I understand there are similarties between this and other well know games on steam. I think I don't need to mention which. Considering at this point in time, just a few days since release. I am very impressed with the game itself. It is far from complete by any means however it is very playable. Personally I play a private/open server with friends and the occasional randomer passing by. We have PvP enabled but with no structure damage (to avoid griefers mainly.)In this state not rushing to max level, enjoying the immense thrall system and working as a group to build beautiful looking structures into the sandy landscape. The cliff building mechanic is of particular interest to myself. As for the thrall's , yeah the AI can be derpy at times getting stuck on rocks and just shooting like a blindfolded redneck. It's a work in progress, it's far from complete and there's the occasional bit of lag on servers. This is to be expected going from a small test enviroment to a world wide one. I personally would say, get your friends on this, pick your preferred play style server be it all out build and destroy or run around hugging the wildlife (note it'll probably want to eat you.) If you take into account it's early access and understand there will be bugs from time to time, you'll enjoy this masterpeice.As a note to the Dev's working tirelessly at Funcom. Keep up the great work, It's paying off."
,Recommended,440900,29613170,Posted: 31 January,all,xXRandyXx,It took me awhile to figure out how to use the server list and how to find my server and also how to get my server settings changed but that is another story. I am here to review the base game.Sofar I love the game once I was able to get in. These connection & server listing problems will be fixed so i can't give bad review on that basis.Combat isn't to bad. It could use improvment but it works.Pros:Voice actingCharacter details & customizationWorld is beautifulGreat building mechanics (simular to ARK & Rust)Finding Resources Isn't diufficult just pick them up off the ground.Cons:Trying to destroy a falsely placed wall is a pain. Have to punch it or with a weapon if you have oneThey should add a timer to destroy a falsely placed wall for the person who placed it.The Server list and finding your own server can be a pain in the butt but this should be fixed soon(tm)The stairs top part needs 2 open square spaces to be able to walk up or down.That is about it sofar.Over All I would recomend this game It seems like fun and sofar I love it!I might update this later as i get into it more.
,Recommended,440900,29686590,Posted: 3 February,all,TNT,Its super rough around the edges but this game is going to be a very dominant survival mmo in the near future. As long as they can make the combat work a little better.
76561198058442641,Recommended,440900,29611605,Posted: 31 January,all,I'm Zed™,It seems fun but it's a bit laggy now when the game just released
76561198000164136,Recommended,440900,29996486,Posted: 17 February,all,Proletariate,Seems like a pretty good start for an early access game but there is over emphasis by the developers to cater to multi player so far. Needs more actual game refinement.
76561198062549049,Recommended,440900,29674624,Posted: 3 February,all,PaiN_SD,"This game has alot of potential of becoming ""one"" of the best survival games out there, great communication on the behalf of the devs keep up the great work."
,Recommended,440900,29685091,Posted: 3 February,all,Kepri,"WOW!First off i gotta say, what an awesome game! especially for early access, the future for this game is very... VERY good, i can already see it! Not to mention it is day 3 and they have already dropped a partnership with the company providing them with servers because well.. they just couldnt handle the heat of all the new CONAN players :D, working hard to forfull all our (Players) needs and getting rid of faulty laggy servers first hand, looking for a replacement for better and faster servers for the community. instead of arks little ""Here, buy this expansion we have been working on instead of the fundamentals of our buggy game!"". Love it! Keep up the great work over there devs im sure you will make this game quite the success!"
76561198063206210,Recommended,440900,29684829,Posted: 3 February,all,Adcock Supreme,"Great game so far, lots of potential. enemy AI's need a bit of work, lag issues is prominent but not too bad."
76561198075892821,Recommended,440900,29684950,Posted: 3 February,all,Lubu,"So much fun, the connectivity issues can be a pain but they get alot better each day since release.Killed my first dragon earlier with a freind took about half an hour and alot of arrows and healing potions, super fun!"
76561198047703941,Recommended,440900,29749358,Posted: 6 February,all,paul25,buggy but good fun defo playable and building is awesome
76561198049902916,Recommended,440900,29684909,Posted: 3 February,all,(NativeAmerican)reyesatsarobledo,devs PLZZZ fix the crashing and lag in this game
76561198025769065,Recommended,440900,29684762,Posted: 3 February,all,666†,"Best survival game I've ever played.Its worst issue is the bad optimization and rendering, overall the game is in a really good shape for its current early access state."
,Recommended,440900,29749380,Posted: 6 February,all,Speedy☆☺,"Didn't have much time to play because of work, but I'll play more on my off days. However I tried it out and it's incredibly fluid. People often compare the game to ARK, yes the mechanics are like ARK but ARK doesn't play as fluid. ARK has been out longer and had tons of opportunity to improve it's fluidity, I did not experience such an issue with this title.Every day since release there has been a patch and that is something I can standby. ARK only released a patch every month.I'm sure Conan Exiles will slow down updates eventually, but you can tell there is a distinct passion to the development of this game. Where as in ARK... nope."
76561197989476380,Recommended,440900,29614084,Posted: 31 January,all,PraiseJeebus,"So me and a couple of mates have been waiting some time for this game, and so far, its delivered beyond expectations. Sure, there are minor hickups, which are to be expected from EA launch, so in this case lets focus on the positives.Combat is interesting, or atleast I think it will be once properly sorted out.Harvesting, building and crafting is solid - loving it.Graphics, environment and general all around feeling gives a delightful Howard-ish atmosphere.All in all, very pleased so far."
,Recommended,440900,29714225,Posted: 5 February,all,Aubergin,"For an early access game it runs suprisingly smooth. Been having a lot of fun. There is nothing truly new if you are familiar with Ark or Rust, but i really like the setting being a Conan fan since forever.If you want to play make sure you find a decent server. A lot of people put up their own, on varying levels of hardware and internet speeds making some servers♥♥♥♥♥♥themselves while others can support 40+. When joining a server ask if the admin is there, if the server is gonna stay up or of there are a community page. You want to find a server where the admin\serverowner wants to create a community. That will tell you about the admins dedication to keep the server up. You dont want a server where it is taken down.As of the writing of this ""review"" official servers are down. Pingperfect, the original official server host, did a poor job giving the early buyers a horrible first experience. How the new Gameserver official hosts are faring i do not know,  but i believe they cant possibly be worst.tl;dr find a decent server. servers are not created equal."
76561198194011537,Recommended,440900,29614495,Posted: 31 January,all,Monster,This game is great was really sceptical about the game today but once downloading it i feel this game has one of the best character customization avalible the game play is really smooth for an early acsess game having lots of fun woth a group of people going to be investing alot of hours into this game great job 10/10
,Recommended,440900,29614553,Posted: 31 January,all,OldManJason,Laying back in my recliner with my 360 controller is always a welcome surpise. Even has the button prompts. Pretty solid all around. Combat has charge and dodge which just feels much better with a controller atm.  It is up there on the difficulty curve at first until you learn what you can and can't attack early on after that it is smooth sailing. Been playing on lan as servers normally do not behave day one so going to give that some time to iron itself out will report back.nvidia 9808gbb ramamd fx 8350ultra with vsync steady 60 np. No crashes. Does take a while to load first run but im not on an ssd
,Recommended,440900,29624886,Posted: 1 February,all,Darth Tervious,"This Game Runs well I love the building in this i have made several camps and outpost around my world the game lags sometime which game doesnt  if you want a game where everything is your osyter this is for you,"
76561198071469512,Recommended,440900,29624890,Posted: 1 February,all,Erebos Zephyros,"While i will reccomend the game, i myself cant run it properly unless i enable low laptop modus.The graphics all in all look rather good(unless you use the laptop mode). While looking at the reccomended gear it says my rig should suffice but rather unfortunate it does not.-The concept is pretty good and for what i have played (in laptop mode) is pretty good for an alpha game.-The combat is pretty much one sided clicking with little moves other than normal, power and maybe a sneak attack.-The NPC's dont make much sense but the prospect of being able to enslave them makes up for that.-Price wise i would rather get another game such as ark but that is all a matter of prefference. Due to ark being a more complete game( that still has sometimes insane requirements pc wise) and no longer as alpha as it was in the beginning. If these two games came out at the same time i would have taken Conan over ark, but that is all a matter of preference and my pc not being able to handle Conan :(If you have a solid pc and a group of friends to play with this is a game i can only reccomend it and look forward to more content.As of this  review i have refunded the game because i didnt feel like paying 30 euro's for a game i cant run properly.I hope this review helps a bit.PS. If you jump your lady parts tend to ragdoll maybe this is to much for my pc to handle. And maybe the developers should spend less time on the shinyness of the female body. It is rather well done in my opinion..."
76561197985858383,Recommended,440900,29624905,Posted: 1 February,all,Ohris,"After 3.8 hours, I can say that this game seems very promising and is a ton of fun. You do have to put up with the issues the game has, like lag and server crashes but even with those it still feels fun to play. Im hoping the situation will improve fast. For me the fun of the game outweighs the current problems it has but they need to be handled post haste."
,Recommended,440900,29624930,Posted: 1 February,all,Kodith,"As far as early access goes, this is pretty good with solid FPS however, when on a high populated server the game can be a bit jittery.  However it features a large amount of content and is actually pretty fun. Strongly recommend"
,Recommended,440900,29647524,Posted: 2 February,all,WoodZie,good but sever need fixing
,Not Recommended,440900,30326522,Posted: 4 March,all,Darkslav,"1. Every patch is buggy as hell.2. In PVE you can be robbed while you cant attack the thief. This means : I stand next to your work station, interact with it and steal your thrall (for example) you cant interrupt me, you cant attack me, you cant do anything.3. People can interact with your work stations even trough windows. They can take your thralls from your work stations trough your window. So you always need to build walls without windows around every temple and work station.4. Many game breaking bugs"
,Recommended,440900,34404270,Posted: 21 August,all,Jig,"I didn't really know what kind of game I was getting at first, but this is a really nice survival/exploration game. I've been chased by humans, imps, heyenas, crocodiles, all kind of things. I honestly can't wait til I get to a point where I can murder the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of and enslave everything I come across. I will build vast cities as a testament to my greatness. Right now though I'm cowering behind a rock eating a grub praying nothing notices me."
76561198201694853,Not Recommended,440900,29611129,Posted: 31 January,all,MacMazing,"CONSGame play is sluggish. Combat is sluggish. Very bare when it comes to crafting or building. They could have implement way more into it. To me the game seems very bare bones with absolultely nothing to do but wonder aimlessly. At this time I do not recommend and refunded. Maybe it will be better at a later date. I do understand that it is a Early Access game, but its rather bare. Seems to me more of an Alpha release or it should have been combined with reading all the other negative complaints and bugs.PROSGame concept is great from what I have read while it was being developed. The visuals are on point and so are the sounds. Hopefully since this is early access it will continue to become better and the Modding community for this game will be full of great mods. There is hope for this game."
76561198030357294,Not Recommended,440900,29619428,Posted: 31 January,all,Racoon,"I seen enough. Can't recommend the game.I don't recommend it mainly because of how Funcom works or should i say 'not work'.They are lazy and bad. Nuf said.If you want to know how Funcom does things, just research their history.The game is yet again starting to die slowly, because people are starting to notice that this expansion not only didn't bring anything new other than re-skins n some areas, but also re-introduced many old bugs, exploits and the bugs that were since day 1 are still not touched, nor fixed. Gameplay is still boring and not engaging at all.The only good thing about this game is lore n music [but the new lore in the expansion cannot be even read because that's also bugged]."
76561198085199351,Not Recommended,440900,30239584,Posted: 28 February,all,Liquid-Sun,"This game got so bad over time that it changed my life. Now I have almost completely gave up on video games. I even joined the local gym and got into fitness.Thanks to how badly this game failed me (almost all of us) I even go to national parks, go hiking and participate in real life goals for the first time.Now fanboys, if you really want this♥♥♥♥♥♥show me how bad in the comment section :)"
,Recommended,440900,29714378,Posted: 5 February,all,Sir Isaac Newton,10/10 would change my d*ck size again
76561197999627870,Recommended,440900,29637643,Posted: 1 February,all,Zaranka,Raided a full server with bare fists.Would raid again 10/10
,Recommended,440900,29609480,Posted: 31 January,all,Kimsemus,"So Pros:+ Game has a meaningful stat system, and levelling system+ PVE is a fun distraction and ensures you have something to do when not PVPing+ PVP, when not rubberbanding, is hilarious and fun+ Standard UE4 base building, VERY akin to Rust+ Full Mod support+ Community hosted servers are super customizable+ There is a slider for everything. And I DO MEAN EVERYTHING.Cons (currently):- No Linux server support at the moment, BTFO- Rubberbanding across all servers, but a patch is coming in like 2 hours?- Currently, you can punch down t1 walls, I don't know how they missed that but lol- Official servers have clan limit sizes, and enforced 70 slot maxes until the map is expanded"
,Not Recommended,440900,29613908,Posted: 31 January,all,Chriskinly,"It's a survival game with a few bugs because it's in ""early access"". I couldn't justify the 30 dollar cost right now because of the issues it has. I would wait a few months to get this."
,Recommended,440900,29628191,Posted: 1 February,all,TDice,"Yes, this game is greatYes, This game has a lot of BugsYes, the Devs do care about this gameYes, they do need sleep so all your problems won't be fixed in a dayYes, this review sucksYes, I need to stopNo, I will notNo, this game isn't trashNo, This isn't a copy of rust or ark (it's better)No, I will not go out with youMaybe, you should stop cryingMaybe, you shoudln't be a little ♥♥♥♥♥All the Problems in this game will be fix and more content will be added."
,Not Recommended,440900,29618445,Posted: 31 January,all,Mushroom Qui,"All i can say is right now, not worth $30.combat looks and feels like its from an mmo, base building is ok and only ok.down the line it might be worth picking up, or it could end up as alot of other early access games have.only got this because alot of streamers looked like they where having fun, so far im not."
76561198036115086,Recommended,440900,29731131,Posted: 5 February,all,Energy,ProsMore fun than RustNo guns only bowSlaves to be tamedSacrafies to godsThe enivorment looks so much better than rustDungeons and ruines to be explored with friendsMake your own clan and take over the server with friends and alliesBuild your own castle and villageEasy to get started and set up base and gather resourcesPathes almost every day since it came outConsServer lagging sometimes.Hard to find good serversAi needs improvment asapHard to find ironHard to kill peopleMy honest opion about the game
,Recommended,440900,29696798,Posted: 4 February,all,MortalCoil,"Very promising, great graphics"
,Recommended,440900,29795244,Posted: 8 February,all,Moegopher,"This is a really neat game with a fantastic setting/aethetic. I haven't played much of the survival genre outside of Minecraft and Terraria so this is a new experience for me.This game is in early access so I can look past the bugs and performance issues, especially since the devs have shown commitment with frequent (daily?) updates. Despite the existing bugs the game is a lot of fun. I'm haveing a blast exploring the well thought out map and building bases.So far I'm not even a little dissapointed."
,Not Recommended,440900,29613968,Posted: 31 January,all,Pjuske 'Mis' Fluffington,"Enjoyed the game for a few hours. The servers are not as bad as people make them. The biggest problem is the game being broken. The more you play the more errors you will se, and after a few hours it stops being worth playing, the gameplay is ARC with last gen art.This may be for some people but its a clone of the first degree and i'm kinda sad i went thrugh me refund perod.Best of luck to the development team, i hope you get the stuff fixed in early access, will take a look back later."
,Recommended,440900,30480274,Posted: 12 March,all,Talth,"This game needs more Conan.Also, mounts. Otherwise it's a fun game for a few days. Maybe if I didn't have the attention span of a special needs gnat I would find that the end game is just as entertaining."
,Recommended,440900,29816220,Posted: 9 February,all,Nazha bae,Gameplay not laggy but sometimes the screen just went freezing for 3s. Overall its a goood game to buy for minecraft lover.
,Recommended,440900,29946712,Posted: 15 February,all,Grog,"I feel like this game is going places.  It is still in early access, but the Devs are constantly hearing the community out and throwing patches and updates out increasing my regard for the game.  This is definitely a game to team up with your friends  and create a community in.  Tons of fun."
76561197982893207,Recommended,440900,29948175,Posted: 15 February,all,Godwin,"Building is really fun. Just start a server for yourself and privately learn the game and start building an epic base.There, 60 hours passed and you've had your money's worth.Then, go try out PvP or PvE servers, see new content and fixes come online very rapidly (really, very active devs :)) and actually progress through the map with a bunch of friends, and have all kinds of epic adventures :)"
76561198036343406,Recommended,440900,30406683,Posted: 9 March,all,Rubillaxe,"DEVELOPERS! I say now, despite my posting, that I do not recommend this game only because of it's currently unfinished state and I wish to reach the Developers minds, for I will most likely still play this game despite all that I say below.I hope that you all will read through this for I want the time I have spent in this game to have value and not be in vain. Honestly, after around 100 hours of singleplayer and more of the multiplayer combined, I have come to the conclusion that this game is the kind you have to dedicate a portion of your life to and willingly be open minded to the idea that it may or may not of been worth your time in the end of it all. It takes A RIDICULOUS amount of time to gain levels via building and killing, and establish a camp or in long term a castle, crafting certain items takes a considerable amount of time and even dramatically longer if trying to make something that requires that item such as iron and then for tools or weapons. Not to mention that you have a limited amount of investable points to learn recipes for crafting items and objects, ergo, you cannot unlock everything. Harvesting does not yield very much in materials with the exception of wood due to a clause that not much wood is required for crafting except for workbenches and alike, and for using it a fuel for melting iron and alike. The creatures are relentless and overkill at low level. Once people have built to near a camp of npcs the npcs no longer spawn. People build intentionally to block off or shut down areas of the game that are either important or hot spots, I have yet to see a priest in a multiplayer server, as well as dancers (characters that assist in the progression of the game). The Beginner area is filled with building making it difficult to get started. Maintenance of your tools and weapons is constant, the durability is not very good even for higher grade tools and weapons. Enemies can be easily vanquished if positioned on high ground properly or within a structure as enemies can clip through your walls. As far as the storyline it lacks direction, and by that I mean where to go to find the next story piece, not to mention living through the challenges. Though the game is vast the terrain is repetitive and predictable except for only a few places that present a difference in theme and style. I believe the images do not capture the trueness of the game. I have not explored and seen all of it, no have I played the PVP version of the game but from all that I hear in game PVE, PVP is terrible, can you imagine between admins cheating and people constantly battling and destroying your structures, considering if you're offline? It would be a constant 24/7 involvement that most of the community can't abide by and enjoy the game, what little there is to enjoy, which is only if you play by the default and level up or craft a new level set of tools or weapons but because of the server settings that are available, all you have to do is create your own server and change the multipliers, but then, to me, that feels like cheating. So in short, great graphics, great Theme work, good map design, unique craftables, extensive building capabilities, story needs improvement, direction needs improvement, leveling needs improvement, and the default harvesting, damage tables, enemies needs improvement.As the core default goes, it is truly challenging and I do not recommend it for beginners, or even people who have patience, for the reward feels little and the time requiring it is more than long, at bare minimum in default settings, to have the game be faster paced, you would at least need 4 people to compartmentalize the level up and recipe system, BUT, if you're looking for fun and don't care about the ""cheating"" that I previously stated then there are more than enough servers with modified multipliers that make the game more fun. Enjoy!Thank you for your time, I hope any and all find this valuable advice in the buying of the game, and the improving of it. I believe that this game has a great amount of potential if all of it's elements are analyzed and the community is heard and acted upon.Aloha!"
76561198058084998,Recommended,440900,29695174,Posted: 4 February,all,RobinH0od,"It had its start up problems. But the devs are on it. The lag and rubberbanding got less. And the iron sword raiding got fixed.So everybody who wants to start playing now, or wants to start again on an even playing field.... Join me on Rustyballz server. It wiped on 4-2 so fresh start for everyone. Its based in Germany. Not in america as the game may say. Only one admin who doesnt spawn. Fair play!"
76561198057375429,Recommended,440900,29695319,Posted: 4 February,all,Bradberry,"This game should have positieve review, not mixed. Ofcourse there still are quite some bugs in it, but the devs have been working day and night it seems since the release 4 days ago, to fix all the issues we encoutered. A lot of them have been fixed already and the game is just so much fun to play. I'd recommend playing this with some friends as that makes it a lot more fun in my opinion. Totally worth my $30 and they'll be adding some insane features."
,Recommended,440900,29746600,Posted: 6 February,all,Malichos,"Get a group of friends and you will have a good time, this isn't ideal for the lone wolf style of player (even if you've done it in other survival titles)It's still early right now, I feel it's going to be a while longer before you can really make a sound judgement and proper review the game, but as of right now it's a fun game full of Conan lore.Priced at $30 I'd say it is a fair price, though I'd say it's maybe about $10 too high with what's in game as of right now. Either way, there is potential and many hours of fun to be had where it currently stands. You can tell the developers are putting a lot of effort into what their vision is, as well as doing a sound job on taking community feedback to heart. Important things the community suggests and reports are getting patched in almost right away. I can say I had low expectations due to Funcom having a rather bad history with titles I played before like Age of Conan, but they are doing good with Conan Exiles.I've played numerous survival titles, some that are full of grind and others that are more loot up and go PVP all day. This is a combination of what would feel like if Rust & Ark had a child.. I don't think it's a bad thing, I will say familiarity in this genre is pretty normal, however there are some things like the Gods you can summon, thrall system and magic that sets this apart and adds it's own unique spin on things.At this point, yes I would recommend this game to those who enjoy the survival genre. If your expectations are realistic and you understand what the game is about plus understand the direction FC is going with the game you will be satisfied in your purchase. If you are expecting something entirely revolutionary and breaks the mould then I'd say you shouldn't pick the game up because you will just be hyping yourself up for something that isn't there right now."
76561197962475169,Recommended,440900,29792238,Posted: 8 February,all,Leuty,"Although only in early access, the game shows great promise.  Looking forward to the updates and what the Funcom team can produce with this one."
,Recommended,440900,29795063,Posted: 8 February,all,Lobstah,Fun game.
76561198028350185,Recommended,440900,29900576,Posted: 13 February,all,Vagner,"Better then I thought,  I like it much better then ARK it should be a big hit this year."
,Recommended,440900,29933307,Posted: 14 February,all,[tk],"Disregarding all of the idiots who don't understand the meaning of early access or people who bandwagon hate on this game, I think it is an awesome game and anyone who enjoys ARK or Skyrim should definetly check it out. It brings elements from most of my favorite games into one game, without the annoying roof campers with guns."
76561198023580492,Recommended,440900,29945980,Posted: 15 February,all,Knives,"Game is fun, if you enjoyed ark or rust you will most likely enjoy this. Dev team has been incredible for fixing any issues currently in the game, and the things they have/are planning to add look extremely exciting. I found upgrading from 8gb ram to 16 fixed any fps related lag i had and from what we have been told this issue is already currently being investigated and is fairly high priority. Again all i can say is the dev team have been fantastic and i look forward to more content being add over the course of this year."
76561198043760489,Recommended,440900,29974512,Posted: 16 February,all,Gromulin,"Review of Single/Co-op mode:Best $40 I've spent on a game to date! Yes there are some bugs to work out, but for early access I am very impressed. The server issues I read about in negative comments I never experience and in the 44 hours I have played I got dropped from server only once. The current issue of not being able to fill a water skin can be side tracked as we build a base near water and lots of resources. If you are just downloading the game to start, pick up the water skin on the flat rock where you begin as you will need it later and it starts with some in it. Head for water, look at it and press E to drink and you should be able to get an idea of the game. I expect this bug with the water will be fixed within the week as it appears bug fixes are on going and the developers are doing a really good job.It gets a little laggy sometimes but I didn't find it overly noticeable. The graphics are AMAZING and very well done. It is a challenging game but not so challenging that you continually die so I am quite happy with it thus far."
,Recommended,440900,30048352,Posted: 19 February,all,China Chef,Tiddies so big you can't see ya feet.
76561198042075008,Recommended,440900,30538248,Posted: 16 March,all,Infintyninja,Great game. Some bugs here and there but with the amount of updates the game recieves i find that to be tolerable.
76561198007378044,Recommended,440900,29795104,Posted: 8 February,all,Sondos,Great. Be mindful of play time when reading reviews.. I've noticed majority of negatives haven't played for more than a few hours.Stability is fine after the a tough first week. Seeing plenty of updates and tweeks. A lot still needs added but I'm confident we'll see it on how things have gone so far.
,Recommended,440900,29982273,Posted: 17 February,all,Akromo,Best early access game I've ever played and I've had a few. Nothing game breaking or no serious bugs that I've seen.
,Recommended,440900,29737637,Posted: 6 February,all,Garmroth,"Love it! This gem has potential to be the best survivor! The negative reviews reflect people that expect a fully working game from day 0. Funcom is patching at a tremendous pace and listening to the community, For me, that's the most important thing."
76561198007978316,Recommended,440900,30865401,Posted: 31 March,all,brucemnear,Definitely has promise.
,Recommended,440900,29829974,Posted: 10 February,all,Witchaven,"Really great game. It reminds me of a mix of Skyrim and Ark Survival Evolved. They also have been updating it very regularly (I see an update for it 2-3 times a DAY), so it's nice to see Funcom really on the ball on this one. It's in EARLY ACCESS, so keep that in mind when you purchase it."
,Recommended,440900,29826361,Posted: 10 February,all,Monds,NICE
,Recommended,440900,29901829,Posted: 13 February,all,RIP,"This game has alot of potential, Really enjoying it so far!"
76561198319926297,Recommended,440900,30108967,Posted: 22 February,all,>Fiz<,Very good
,Recommended,440900,29726472,Posted: 5 February,all,Thundurh,"so fun and you always feel like you have something to be doing to progress further into the exiled lands. there is slight rubberbanding on multiplayer, but usually only when theres lots of players on (this lag is probably going to all be completely gone within a month). i think this game has some crazy potential, because right now its already great and super unique."
,Recommended,440900,29902754,Posted: 13 February,all,oxisto,"PVP needs some more balancing. PVE is fun, the different mobs really act differently. I probably could spend ours building towers and castles :)"
,Recommended,440900,29963795,Posted: 16 February,all,Slick Mahoney,"Does this game have problems? Yes. It is in early access so problems are expected. Problems aside, this game is one of the best survival games on the market and brings its own twists to the survival world. The building mechanics in this game are amazing. Please do not let a couple bad reviews about this game from day one keep you from playing. It was well worth the $30 I spent. 10/10 would do again."
,Recommended,440900,29695491,Posted: 4 February,all,Flamigant,EARLY ACCES ! But I love it and addicted to it!
76561198102781398,Recommended,440900,29932763,Posted: 14 February,all,Umox 4 latinum,Pretty good my dudes.
,Recommended,440900,29840319,Posted: 10 February,all,Carnobot,It's fun
76561198078326355,Recommended,440900,29666776,Posted: 3 February,all,Eric Wulfen,"Looking good, there are plently of gliches but when I do get the chance to play I am (we) are having a blast. I like the mix, that you have to collect stuff, build stuff and need no money as all you are trying to do in the beginning is to try and not to die too much.There are only very few things which I find bothering, for one the servers, my server has not updated and therefore I cannot continue to play with my ""main"" char, they should offer BIGGER servers with more options for one, also the decay rate of the equip is a tad too fast for my liking (my sword lasts for about 2 fights then it is done) but all in all I can see me (us the wife and me) playing this game for a longer time.All those complaining about the server issues and bugs should a) Know what they are getting into with an early access come open beta game)b) compare it to other launches i.e. ESO, AoC LotR ect ect, it holds up well as I was a beta tester in alot of MMOsc) chill out and take it easy, the youth of today is way too impatience."
76561198151552619,Recommended,440900,30466525,Posted: 12 March,all,Adrian,"Ok so I will say since I have played other similar games  like Conan I want to say first to people that say ""Dear People I don't know why are u comparing it to ARK Survival Evolved since ARK had so much content added in the past 1 and a half year since its Game Preview. You need to be patient because when the amount of content and work are put into Conan like ARK then Conan is going to be a great game. The devs of this game will add so much good content including a new biome somewhere around July or September. I personally recommend it. Make sure that you have the system requirements for this game. Have fun!"
76561198008326798,Recommended,440900,29601030,Posted: 31 January,all,Bobba fett!,"Mongol General: What is best in life?Conan: To crush your enemies, to see them driven before you, and to hear the lamentations of their women.10/10 this game is already better optimized than Ark."
76561198023755699,Recommended,440900,29758093,Posted: 7 February,all,ViperOne,"Swietna gra ale jest jeszcze duzo do zrobienia ,pomimo bugow duzej ilosci i lagow ale wiadomo to alpha,nic tylko czekac na efekt koncowy zapowiada sie wysmienicie;),szukam tez ludzi do pogrania jak by co pisac."
76561198060381863,Recommended,440900,29683400,Posted: 3 February,all,Longrod Von Hugendong,Made a character. Chose Yog the cannibal god for my deity. Oh look there's the endowment slider. Of course I'm going to put that slider to max.So begins the adventure of Jeffrey Donger.
76561197989105719,Recommended,440900,29669820,Posted: 3 February,all,CoffeeCrank,"Early access is a catch twenty two for sure.  If you know and like the IP that is conan then this might be for you and i would definatly support it.  If you enjoy survival games and block building this might be for you as well, support it.  If you are looking for story and adventure you might need to look else where though.  At thirty dollars though I think it is a reasonable buy to support the development and I hope to see the combat continue to improve."
,Recommended,440900,29706877,Posted: 4 February,all,123,"It's a great game, but it needs some update.. (ofc it just came up) but  as i see they are working on it !Positiv.-Structure-Mechanic of level up and learn recipes-The graphic looks good-U can make your character as you want-The animation while your farm (rock,tree,etc)-The mechanic of slaves (:p)-The dungeons are just awesome-NPC Village => Good loot-Gear/Weapon are awesomeNegativ-The PVP is not that great..-It need more stuff to learn ( it will come by the time ...)-Not enough Animals-The map is actually small.-Clan mechanic it should have pin code or owner/admin/normal so the griefers dont have acces to your ressources if you recruit one..-you need more recipes points per lvl when u'r alone its difficult to play the game../!\ Warning Im updating this review while i progress in the game /!\My conclusion=>It's a great game they made here the graphics are nice the idea of the game is just nice but we hope the dev will keep working on it as they are doing now !"
76561198064985984,Recommended,440900,29780113,Posted: 8 February,all,Trump...,Awsone
76561198129161278,Recommended,440900,29815892,Posted: 9 February,all,Wilson!!!,"when you Q 4 hrs to get in a offical, and it bugs you out love it fun game when it works doe"
76561198062038457,Recommended,440900,29934840,Posted: 14 February,all,Xerius,"There are bugs.Face it.  The game is in Early Access, and that means there are still rough edges to be worked out.  Every day I mutter under my breath at some glitch that has been bothering me for the last week.It does not matter at this point.The game is enjoyable, the bugs are being fixed, the developers are putting visible amounts of work into smoothing out the rough edges, and the bottom line comes down to whether the game is enjoyable or not.It is.The enemies are unforgiving, the environment is out to get you, and rhinos run faster than I do, but I log on every day to make a bit more progress and as I watch my character develop and my contribution to the server become more visible, I enjoy myself, even if I log off occasionally on a death, wondering how much time it is going to take the next day to rebuild what I have lost to a corpse that was too far away to find, or the need to figure out how to get said corpse from under the feet of that rhino that outran me.I expect the rough edges, and I bought the game knowing they would be there, but I trust the developers to make an enjoyable product, and to this point they have not disappointed."
,Recommended,440900,29935257,Posted: 14 February,all,i-hanz,"This game is in alpha yes, but the devs have a REAL roadmap to completion. Just google funcom games and you'll see theyve been in the biz for quite a while. Conan: exiles is already awesome and the devs are going to give the other guys a real run for their money. Thumbs up from me and keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,440900,29682860,Posted: 3 February,all,Logi,\o/ CONAN \O/BUY THIS GAME YOU WONT REGRET IT!
,Recommended,440900,29836285,Posted: 10 February,all,Rare Pepe,nice meme
76561198052394036,Recommended,440900,30312276,Posted: 4 March,all,JDubb,Highly enjoyable!  Similar to other survival games but with better graphics.
76561198317277764,Recommended,440900,29935500,Posted: 14 February,all,Serenityinaz12,"First survival game I've liked.  Not exactly sure what it is, but I'm digging it."
,Recommended,440900,30367344,Posted: 6 March,all,Woolma,Enjoying.  Potential.
76561198112486545,Recommended,440900,30042867,Posted: 19 February,all,AutisticPenguin,u wan play u play conan.
76561197980538553,Recommended,440900,29730070,Posted: 5 February,all,DraconiS,"After the downfall of Age of Conan I was waiting for a game to be able to play in Hyboria again.Conan Exiles is here and it's awesome even in it's early access state.It's tough, bloody and unforgiving just as a Conan game supposed to be.Patches coming out daily. You can play PvE or PvE Co-op and different kind of PvP as well.Runs flawlessly on Ultra.One problem...can't stop playing it :)A must have survival game."
76561198045335489,Recommended,440900,29741556,Posted: 6 February,all,Skinless,"Yes it is a buggy and needs work, but as long as they keep up with the updates my review will remain positive, tons of fun to be had here."
76561197970721511,Recommended,440900,30528979,Posted: 15 March,all,Tiptoe-san,"Minecraft in a loin cloth.  Collect, build, rinse, repeat.  No missions.  No grand adventures to relive from the books.  A lot of growth potential could be had with this game but as it is played at the time of this post...Minecraft in a loin cloth."
76561198162532677,Recommended,440900,30017684,Posted: 18 February,all,Robin,best game survival ever
76561198020027165,Recommended,440900,30017433,Posted: 18 February,all,Havoc SC,"Great Game, Loads of potential. But the map is small. I would say 1/8th the size of Ark starting Island.This will need a bigger map to support more than 6 players.The PVE side has a lot to offer, although unfinished there is loads to explore.The PVP side is terrible. Just gonna wait this one out.this is early access (EA). and it shows. but hella good timesI only play a local server with friends.:Edit: 6 months later, not improving. will try again later"
76561198038472200,Recommended,440900,30018458,Posted: 18 February,all,mdurham88,"Nudity, slavery, whats not to like?"
76561198030088071,Recommended,440900,29672404,Posted: 3 February,all,Turfytie,this game is brilliant there are pronlems the main one is the conection on the severs which they will fix  i do recommend this game as i think its only going to get better there are people saying bad things about the game like its no where near done but its early access these people need to read the early access note were it say not finished game the price is not bad i wolud say buy it and if you dont like it and you have played under 2hr then get a refund
76561198006983058,Recommended,440900,30339939,Posted: 5 March,all,Thallia,How can I revies when i can't log in?
,Recommended,440900,29634399,Posted: 1 February,all,Bchad,"Games great, the only downside is the netcode which has gotten better with the last two days but isn't perfect yet. AI isn't broken as many reviews state just the netcode. If you play this game on single player or over a lan it performs amazingly well and the AI is smart, mothers defend their babies, monsters aggro you, htis register.This game is a whole netcode away from being the best survival game on the market."
,Recommended,440900,29968511,Posted: 16 February,all,Charlie.D.TG,I've been having issue for the last 2 days with building My foundations walls doors do not show up When I try to put them down there in visible on my screen If anyone knows how to fix this please let me know?
,Recommended,440900,30069622,Posted: 20 February,all,Reaperz,"The game has some potential to it. I do recommend it, BUT:-The game FPS spikes whenever rendering(especially when fighting enemies).-The further you travel north the more FPS lag there is generally to come.-Some building glitches with factions.-Dropping loot on the floor seems inaccessible sometimes.With it being early access taken into consideration, I think everyone would agree with me that optimzation come before content in the game. The reason this game is mixed in reviews and not positive is the sheer fact that the game needs to fix the FPS issues. Conan Exiles has a lot to offer and it has plenty of content in it for an early access game. However, I do not recommend this to anyone that has a low end machine. Have fun -R3apz"
76561198068114741,Recommended,440900,30477749,Posted: 12 March,all,Upggrade,"It's a half broken piece of crap, how could it not be? It's like 2 months into early access.Anyway, great game with a whole ton of potential. Right now there's not much to do other than building your base and ♥♥♥♥ing with other people but if you're playing with friends it's pretty fun."
76561198059567577,Recommended,440900,30013580,Posted: 18 February,all,Cheesy,I like the game. From what I could play I enjoyed it. But after the last update I went down to 1FPS. It was unplayable for my PC.
76561198302438271,Recommended,440900,29977848,Posted: 16 February,all,Thegorbuk,So far its sick only complaint is terribly optimized but i saw the dev post that they are working on it
,Recommended,440900,30458149,Posted: 11 March,all,yung fred cs.money,I really love the mechanics of the game and it is really fun if you have friends :P A little buggy but that doesn't change my view on the game as it is early access
76561198347564081,Recommended,440900,30300420,Posted: 3 March,all,Ven,"Still needs some work but definitely a fun play.You will see threads of people complaining about cliff bases, about offline raiding, exploits, and bugs. This people is an EA game and will have some issues while it is being developed. Funcom has already begun working on some of these complaints and I have no doubt will continue to do so.Cliff Bases- Solution that has already been stated by funcom will be the implementation of Grappling Hooks and Seige Equipment.Offline Raiding- Funcom implemented in the last big patch server settings that admins can now enable/disable and restrict the days and times that pvp, pvb and summoning of avatars will be allowed. i.e. Mon-Fri no base raiding/avatars but you can actually PVP and kill PLAYERS. Sat-Sun PVP, PVB are enabled from x time to x time. and on Sunday Everything goes from x time to x time. This is just 1 possible way of setting it up but a very nice mechanic to be able to help those that have to work more or have family lives that prevent 16 hour days of gaming.Exploits- They have been actively reading acknowledging and trying to fix exploits since i have started playing. Exploit with 2h mace alternate attack? Thanks for reporting it is now disabled until we are able to fix and have it work properly. Spear alt attack being able to charge and scale into cliff bases? Not intended thanks temporary disable until it works properly.  They constantly work on them and every patch they do they also acknowledge and inform us of that else they are aware of and currently working on fixing.In all this game is doing quite well. My only downside to it is there is a lack of content once you hit 50 HOWEVER i am quite happy that they are fixing glitches and exploits before they add tons of content. I think we all remember another game that had horrible optimization, glitches, exploits and the devs there decided to constantly launch new content and pretty much new games instead of finishing what they started."
76561198089567121,Recommended,440900,30473397,Posted: 12 March,all,Fredriko,"It is a awsome game!I have a Intel i7 4ghz proccesorand a Geeforce gtx 970 4gband 16gb DDR4 3200 MHz RamI run the game without problem on hight textures and medium shadows. The game looks awsome :)The gameplay is awsome ""BUT"" the combat is pretty laggy and strange :/but the game has potential just wait for the updates :)"
,Recommended,440900,30005221,Posted: 18 February,all,Anders,"Great game even in Early Access. It will be fun to follow the development of this game to see all the cool features they plan to add.I managed to build my own house and make some neat armour. I looked quite cool with my armour and my house :) The next step will be to make a proper sword. Now Im just running around with some stone-age weapon which, yeah which is what it is ;)."
,Recommended,440900,29623309,Posted: 1 February,all,RG Krøste,Gr8 game m8. I r8 8/8!
76561197964657758,Recommended,440900,29639291,Posted: 1 February,all,TrackTerror,Best Ark mod to date. Just a shame we had to pay for it.
,Recommended,440900,29620068,Posted: 31 January,all,Fish,"Is it currently glitchy and buggy, yes.  Is it grindy at the beginning, yes.  Does the game currently lack Conan lore elements, yes. BUT, with time this game will shine.  8/10 would slaughter Rhinos again."
,Not Recommended,440900,29618791,Posted: 31 January,all,Armality,"Has potential to be a good game down the road, but Is it worth $40 right now? Absolutely not.Huge rubber banding issues when playing online.Items disappearing from inventory causes the game to crash. Sometimes the items will reappear under another item once moved, used or consumed.Combat is dull, boring and unresponsive. The shield is good at absorbing damage but forget utilizing it in combat. You can't block and then attack without getting hit. Once the shield breaks you are wide open to be hit, and you will be hit. Dodging is so unresponsive it does nothing to the help the combat. Trying to dodge will give the enemy a free hit on you. A lot of enemies can hit you from farther away than you can hit them. They will hit you and you will swing and miss. The combat feels like a MMORPG, just stand there and swing until you or the enemy dies. Higher level wins.The AI is horrible. They will often run beside you, glide across the ground in an idle animation or stand there doing nothing. Enemies will instantly appear in front of you while you are running giving them an almost 100% hit on you. Crocodiles can't swim but they do run along the ground unhindered by the water. The crocodile is the only enemy that will follow you through water.I ate 22 handfuls of insects but died of starvation because I wasn't a high enough level to make a campfire to cook meat.After I respawned I died because I don't have any stamina.Half the time you will respawn with low food, water, or stamina causing you to take damage and die.Having a one time use bed roll is annoying. It defeats the purpose of building a base early when you can glitch and die after respawning and lose where your base is.Progressing is slow and painful. The game feels super grindy and your weapons and tools break all the time.Unless you want to help with development and bugs I would wait. Grab the game further down the road on sale."
,Recommended,440900,29739172,Posted: 6 February,all,Daenifae,"Early Access, a week in. What I am seeing so far is engaging gameplay with a touch of story telling elements... one of the best building systems I have seen in this style of game so far (seriously has learnt a lot from other games mistakes *cough*ARK*cough*) and pretty awesome graphics.Yes, there are bugs - but it is early (and I do mean early!) in the early access period, so I was expecting this in the first few weeks and based on the acknowledgements and statements from the Dev's so far, I am confident they will be addressed. Are they frustrating? For sure - no one wants to have to log in several times to be able to do something! But it won't last long and I am looking forward to new updates, continued expansion of the story telling and oh the possibility of future map extensions... The thrall system is also quite unique... so there are a lot of good points to go with the early access of this game and I am looking forward to it's future!Recommended if you understand that as an EA title it will have issues and you are prepared to deal with the frustrations while they are sorted out, to be part of what is hopefully going to be a fantastic game looking ahead.Not recommended if you don't have patience. Or if you have heart problems. There are some seriously scary things that can jump out at you suddenly at night."
,Recommended,440900,29703659,Posted: 4 February,all,S0ul3r,"Really enjoy it, semester ends and with it my social life, thanks to this game"
76561197999489810,Recommended,440900,29706313,Posted: 4 February,all,Aristacah,"I have mixed feelings about this game.I love a lot of things about it.  As an adult, I find the nudity refreshing. As a parent, there is no way I would let my kids play this game. Please do not let your kids play this game unsupervised.As a gamer, and knowing full well this is a beta, the game is still lacking a lot. There doesn't seem to be any goal except to build something and try and stay alive. I guess that's the jist of the game, but it still feels very empty, minus the overabundance of NPC's and monsters ready to eat you at every turn. That's it in a nutshell: fight off the NPC's and mobs who keep stealing your clothes and weapons and killing you, forcing you to start over again. The map is not ""massive"" as advertised. It's actually an rather small area.If there were cities, and NPC's in those cities selling and making things, and perhaps an inn and pub or two, were you could swamp lies with your fellow travelers, and a bigger map so you could be more nomadic, it would certainly add to the ambiance and make the game seem larger.I believe this game has a lot of potential and I hope the developers will continue to listen to the testing public. If they don't, and market it as is, it will be forgotten in less than a month.Here's hoping that FunCom gets it right!"
76561197998257804,Recommended,440900,29745867,Posted: 6 February,all,SerDrunkenChicken,"Never seen such a big amount of things to see/do and explore in a EA game.Lot of fixes and updates, nice level- and combatsystem (not as good as OKAM or M&B but a way better as rok).Starter tip: if you swimm press E to restore water.8,5/10"
76561197993655065,Recommended,440900,29791542,Posted: 8 February,all,diggity,Good fun for hours and hours and hours :)
,Recommended,440900,29772588,Posted: 7 February,all,DoubleDipin,exept for some ping issues this game is bloddy ♥♥♥♥ing amazing
,Recommended,440900,29855257,Posted: 11 February,all,Ps4 - OneLeggedMan--,"Keep up the great work devs! You guys are doing an amzing job at keeping the game up to date! Don't listen to the negative reviews, they clearly don't know what Early Access means. I am loving the game so far and will continue to keep on playing."
76561197998056573,Recommended,440900,29791522,Posted: 8 February,all,Dd.M3thod,"lil buggy and laggy at points, but not been out long looking good so far"
76561198029249931,Recommended,440900,29807189,Posted: 9 February,all,rota,"It's a little buggy and laggy at the moment, nevertheless it's my new favorite survival game."
76561198049681651,Recommended,440900,30056640,Posted: 20 February,all,Doom Lord Max,Early access so bugs but nothing game breakingits ark but with conan so conan evolved
76561198052625192,Recommended,440900,29806957,Posted: 9 February,all,Albord,"Good graphics, great PvE and end-game content for a survival game and CONAN!İf you are planning to get game, don't forget that this product is still at pre-release. Expect bugs, glitches, network problems, server crashes, really bad VoIP and other things.İf you can cope with all that, exploring the world Hyboria will be a great experience for you, especially with a friend.P.S. to FUNCOM: Fix the de-sync problem it made the game unplayable.P.S.(2) : Don't kill the game like Age of Conan."
,Recommended,440900,30863254,Posted: 31 March,all,Walter Senpai,Just give it time it will be great.
76561198105350232,Recommended,440900,33334510,Posted: 6 July,all,Prophet of Sotek,Excellent game!people who like PvP and open world games should play it the combat system is great and the graphics are goodonly think is its an early access so be aware somtimes the company gonna reset the serversoverall it is a great game in a reasonable price
,Recommended,440900,30535087,Posted: 15 March,all,Gorebane44,got my moneys worth.  Now just waiting for stability fixes and content.  Then I will play again.
76561198017440770,Recommended,440900,30486116,Posted: 12 March,all,Devowra,"The world looks great, the base building and thrall systems are really enganging. I have really enjoyed exploring and finding the perfect spot to build my base.Overall the game is quite stable, but there are some noticable bugs and content is still lacking as you would expect from an early access game.I'd recommend get now to those who want to really master the game and learn all the nuances of the map and building mechnisms before lauch. Casual players, particularly single players I'd recommend holding off until full launch next year."
76561197968396368,Recommended,440900,30511020,Posted: 14 March,all,CAPTAIN OPFER,Game works fine. Building Bases is a lot of fun since there is no collision <3 i really recommend this game
76561198141316645,Recommended,440900,30021879,Posted: 18 February,all,madmick,love this game so...much great work guys
,Recommended,440900,30446814,Posted: 11 March,all,3RAS3R,"Funcom on its track with this one, it’s very nice fun game in its core, very nice crafting and world design, in fact, it’s one of the most fun survival game I played, but as its in early access, still have lots of bugs that’s need fixing and more work, the game for sure needs more work in lots of areas other than extra content, I just hope that Funcom to not fall in that trap, to do more content and not fixing/balancing the issues first.If you cannot take the bugs or slow leveling, do not buy this game, wait until its finished, otherwise its a great and fun game."
,Recommended,440900,30019160,Posted: 18 February,all,OneAsterisk,"While the game is in early alpha, I feel it has several improvements and balances over it's most obvious comparison Ark.  Ark is still in ""Alpha"", and may potentially never come out.  Ark also seems to be more concerned with producing new content, rather than fixing its shortcomings.  This game already feels more polished in some ways, and the devs have been actively working to fix any current issues.  This game seems to fit the role of an early alpha that will actually find an official release."
,Recommended,440900,30440939,Posted: 10 March,all,123,"Another early access game that people whine and cry about there being so ""little"" content, or bugs, and so much more but its EA what do you exspect? iv found the game  quite fun so far after 42hrs ingame, sure theres people that make your life hard but make theirs harder if you can. Nice game so far and iv enjoyed it."
,Recommended,440900,29694762,Posted: 4 February,all,Mr. Tumnus,Great game just needs more patches to fix lag on high pop servers.
,Recommended,440900,29600312,Posted: 30 January,all,RXED WXLF7,"Has potential, it is alpha and im looking forward to keeping up with this game but as of now ill stick to ark. I believe this game will down the road be better than ark and rust. Rust needs more PVE and well ark is a grind fest. Combat needs to be more inmersive, killing npcs, etc."
76561198009703200,Recommended,440900,30214185,Posted: 26 February,all,Vape Wizard,"Early access it is still buggy but this game has so much going on, Almost reminds me of the first time I played skyrim"
,Recommended,440900,30294099,Posted: 3 March,all,armedbushido,"I am usual not into games like RUST or ARK, however this game just kind of grabbed me."
76561198036409199,Recommended,440900,30284134,Posted: 2 March,all,Tyler Durden,"- Early Access Review -This is a fantastic, game with adult themes.Prepare to pick the size of your sexual parts.Prepare to enslave natives and fellow exiles.Find any of this offensive?Consider spending money somewhere else.Yes, there are some bugs.Yes, there are some server issues.Despite this, I've sunk almost 100 hours in already, and I expect to sink 100s more.My recommendation to enjoy this game at this stage of development is to get started on a x5 server.Anything less than x5 is going to be kind of a slog until more content is added.Here are my recommended server settings, whether you are playing alone, or creating a server:Player XP Rate Multiplier 5.0 (IMPORTANT)Player XP Time Multiplier 5.0 (IMPORTANT)Player XP Kill Multiplier 5.0 (IMPORTANT)Player XP Harvest Multiplier 5.0 (IMPORTANT)Player XP Craft Multiplier 5.0 (IMPORTANT)Day Cycle Speed 0.5Day Time Speed 1.0Night Time Speed 10.0 (IMPORTANT)Dusk/Dawn Time Speed 5.0Catch Up Time 10.0 (no idea what this does - maybe catches up players to be in sync with the server day/night cycle if they fall out of sync?)Stamina Cost Multiplier 0.5 (IMPORTANT)Player Active Thirst Multiplier 0.5Player Active Hunger Multiplier 0.5NPC Respawn Multiplier 1.0Thrall Wakeup Time 600 (maybe how many seconds they get knocked out by the truncheon?)Avatar Lifetime 120 (I think this gives you 2 minutes to be a god if you summon one)Disable Avatars leave unchecked (don't you want to be a god?)Item Spoil Rate Scale 0.5Harvest Amount Multiplier 5.0 (IMPORTANT)Resource Respawn Speed Multiplier 1.5 (remember that any resources, thralls, mob spawns near where you build all de-spawn permanently - so don't build too close to stuff you care about!)Land Claim Radius Multiplier 1.0Crafting Speed Multiplier 0.1 (IMPORTANT)Anything else can be left at defaults for single player.For anyone building a server, a good way to allow your community to clean up after itself is to keep buildings destructable. This allows the server community to clean up after noobs who put down foundations near important spawns (which despawns them in the process). Nothing is more demoralizing to a server community than being unable to access certain important spawns. No admin can possibly police everything in an effective manner, so let the players handle it!TL;DRGOOD SETTINGS = GOOD ENJOYMENTAlso: This is an adult game.If you want to play a game that gives you trophies and tells you that you are a unique snowflake, look elsewhere.Go buy some blown glass plates with bubbles and grains of sand in them that assure you they were hand crafted by the native peoples of where-the-♥♥♥♥-ever-istan.- Tyler Durden"
76561198009008019,Recommended,440900,30276115,Posted: 2 March,all,Borealis88,"Off to a good start! First, this is an Early Access game, so the content, GFX and pretty much everything will only get better, I started pretty early after the launch, so there was litte info about the game, few ""shortcuts"". Had to learn alot on my own, actually a cool way to start. I do enjoy this game, I choose to just roam, build and create, or just be social doing stuff at random. Even at this level in development the game isVERYplayable, and I can not wait until DLC will come, and also a full release!"
,Recommended,440900,30438124,Posted: 10 March,all,Sexy_Panda,Game is good. people are stupid.
,Recommended,440900,29692574,Posted: 4 February,all,HiTMAN,waiting for server lag to settle down
,Recommended,440900,29702993,Posted: 4 February,all,Periodtacosauce,"Everyone is Crying about this game and the lag yet fail to realize its EA and not the offical launch of the game its self. This game at EA stage is beautiful and has nothing but potential for being an amazing game. I run the server Enslaver pvp, its a 40 pop server and i update 3 times daily (morning, afternoon, night) lag stays low with low pop. server wipes every 60 days. Great job so far FUNCOM keep up the patching and long hours."
76561198119553961,Recommended,440900,29686545,Posted: 3 February,all,ShitLord64,"Remove hyinas... or however you spell it...I think that the game is good but..Its a little bit to hard for starters.        the fact that you get like 7 of them (hyinas) on you at a time, is not the problem. The problem is that they criple you meaning with one of them its easy but if more it becomes impossible to run meaning what ever you do youre going to be killed. And also add hard, normal and easy mode (current mode being hard or normal)"
76561198125957261,Recommended,440900,29635626,Posted: 1 February,all,jontinegroh,"As a big fan of anything Conan I'm bound to be a bit biased, nevertheless for a early access game I had a smooth and fun experience, only glitches I've seen thus far are a few loading in issues.  They certainly managed to craft the feel of R.E. Howard's world, and I look forward to seeing the fully finished product. My one complaint is the slowness of progress (a given in any survival game) could probably stand to speed up the leveling and crafting process without having to use admin controls."
,Recommended,440900,34426791,Posted: 22 August,all,Squeaker,it died so fast but good game
76561198006531025,Recommended,440900,29725469,Posted: 5 February,all,Drmrfreckles,"I love this game so far, as long as they keep up on updates I can see this being one of my favorite games easily. Its challenging and does classic things I enjoy about survival games."
,Recommended,440900,29686655,Posted: 3 February,all,TheMustardCat_,This is pretty much Rust with a skin texture. 10/10 Would die again. Ecks Dee
76561197981609710,Recommended,440900,29725171,Posted: 5 February,all,Pancake,"Its early access, with lots of potential, as of the date of this review, its primarily a component collecting and building similator, combat lacks, and performance over the internet is terrible. Although since it is funcom, the likelyhood they improve this, will surely happen with time."
76561198059035597,Recommended,440900,29772542,Posted: 7 February,all,Mider,Love the game. Lots of bugs and much work needed butt it has great potential.
,Recommended,440900,29791536,Posted: 8 February,all,steazzy,Fun game with great potential. Once the servers are fixed and the rubber banding is gone then it will be an amazing game. Just give it time.
76561198036600024,Recommended,440900,29957583,Posted: 16 February,all,NagatO,interesting game.But So many bugsI hope bug will be fixed soon.
,Recommended,440900,30084109,Posted: 21 February,all,yesse,"Good start, now its up to funcom to finish it."
,Recommended,440900,29631776,Posted: 1 February,all,Bombadillo09,"Needs a lot of work, but I think this is going to be great. Its like Ark, but with lore. It also fixes a few things that are a little annoying in Ark."
76561198081106625,Recommended,440900,29631824,Posted: 1 February,all,Kreivi Kapka,"This game is in very early access condition. So, don´t buy it if you are expecting flawless game performance or complex content. With all bugs and slow framerate, I must admit that I have enjoyed this game so far and as I know it will get better, I will recommend this IF you are willing to join journey early on.Most annoying thing so far have been slow framerate which make combat very akward and also that sleeping bags last only one resurrection.Admin tool is best I have seen in any game yet and I recommend that you adjust things there if you find something very hard. I normally don´t use any mods or cheats, but as this is early access, I have found some adjustments useful, like getting food (as hunting is bit pain atm).Game catches already Conan world very nicely, it is brutal, adult themed and feels like you are really playing barbarian counting only your wits in hard enviroment."
76561198059059017,Not Recommended,440900,29631837,Posted: 1 February,all,Snuffy,"I have been a fan of funcom for the longest time.  Some of you may not remember when they launched anarchy online but i was a beta and day 1 player.  That game didn't work for almost a year but they were so far ahead of anything else it was amazing.  Flying, instancing, housing in a 3d game etc.  From that day forward i have pretty much bought anything they made.Just about every game they made brought something new to the table.  AO changed the way MMO's were made/instanced.  Age of conan combat style was an amazing mix between twitch and strategy.  The secret world was the first game I bought from them and was dissapionted that they didn't push the boundries on anything.So i bought this expecting it to be buggy but decently playable.  I'm amazed at how raw this game actually is :(  The animations are bad, the targeting is bad, the AI is bad, the combat is bad, the thirst and hunger meters are entirely to overzealous.The only thing I found half way decent (alpha/beta like) was the crafting and the building but everything else seems to bad to be in an alpha state from a company like funcom.  This low level of quality in alpha from a development team of 3 people is understandable but from Funcom it is just dissapointing :(I hope this eventually becomes a quality game in the survival arena as the only high quality game in that area is ARK (I don't consider rust as high quality even though it is fun as hell)."
,Recommended,440900,29699756,Posted: 4 February,all,Scamaze csgobig.com,All negative reviews are tilted Ark players. Game devs are doing a great job with pushing out reviews daily. This is a fresh breath of air and something new after playing Rust for 3+ years.
76561198019131479,Recommended,440900,34399612,Posted: 21 August,all,Groullock,"good game, has a few bugs."
76561198037319778,Recommended,440900,34500585,Posted: 26 August,all,Jase,"This is a great game and they've added lots of content, but my biggest gripe is they never fix the old bugs and regularly add new bugs.  They cant keep using the ""early access"" excuse.  I came back to my camp and all my thralls had vanished, which makes me feel that playing the game is becoming pointless.  I do loads of work to make my camp how I want it and bits of it just vanish.  Is the game worth buying?   My opinion yes, but wait until it's on sale."
,Recommended,440900,29658677,Posted: 2 February,all,felidae,"Awesome fun!...especially for Howard fans, or fans of survival games. Yes, it's EO...If you have a problem with the occasional bug or glitch - wait...I don't and I'm having a blast. I can't wait to see how the devs flesh the game out, but I'm pleasantly surprised, or in fact AMAZED by how well my experience has been going on the first day, and I'm sure I'll play through the entire weekend with some pals, and on my own."
76561197974554182,Recommended,440900,29924515,Posted: 14 February,all,neo_ravens,For an early access game it's impressive. Loving it so far.
76561198082583161,Recommended,440900,30248350,Posted: 28 February,all,Twehooksen,Very fun game and I really like to build my own castle.To go and gather stuf is fun and it is easy to understand how to create differnt stuff.Started on new server now and its alots of new stuf. Soon i can walk to the north and see the cold landscape.Still crashes somethimes but its still EA.
76561198050995649,Recommended,440900,33461886,Posted: 11 July,all,Salomon,"A survival game set in the Conan universe, similar to ARK to some extent (for those who have played ARK), with more role-playing elements and not nearly as annoying bugs, even though this game has now been out for only about 6 months and is, of course, still Early Access. Character nudity included. Severe performance issues and severe issues with the PvP game mode and online servers also included, however.That is what I understood about Conan Exiles when I was thinking about buying it and scouring the Internet for some opinions about the game. I am a huge fan of the Conan universe, but didn't play a computer game with that setting before. Conan Exiles was the only game I was really interested in now, so I finally bought it. And guess what? To me, it was and is totally worth it.Being in Early Access, the game still has bugs, of course, some annoying ones, some rather funny ones, but I have yet to encounter a really game-breaking one.You start with creating and customizing your character, which already incorporates quite a few role-playing elements (e.g. choosing a god / religion etc.). Some customizations are not really implemented yet, which is to be expected for a game in such a current state. Of course, other features (planned or unplanned) are still missing, too, as is a lot of content. No surprise here, it's Early Access still. Nothing to blame, nothing to wonder about.Similar to ARK, you start as a lone survivor of sorts. You can and must craft items, defend yourself from hostile humans and animals, and you can ... tame ... other beings ... of sorts: As it's a barbaric world, knock out your preferred human, drag him or her along, feed your soon-to-be-slave, thrall, I mean, delicious, hand-crafted gruel, break his or her will and voilá - you have your very own slave. Thrall. Your slave - thrall - can work for you, improve your crafting at certain buildings / stations, reduce resources needed to craft something or serve as a guard for you and your teammates. Or just look good, if the s- thrall is a nude one.Oh yes, nudity. Yes, I like it. A lot of games allow you to kill other beings, dismember them, violate them etc., but only few games show a rather harmless and, in my view, way more natural concept like nudity. Seriously, why not? And you can choose the extent, from none to full. It's okay in my book.The human and animal models and animations are among the best I have seen in a computer game so far, apart from the bugs, of course.I like to compare the game to ARK, since I have played ARK a lot, and both games use the Unreal 4 engine.The building I find superior to a game like ARK - even in it's current state, it's done ""correctly"", i.e. in a way better fashion than it's implemented in ARK, even after ARK has seen YEARS of development.To me, Conan Exiles is a sort of mixture between ARK, 7 Days to Die and Skyrim.I don't experience severe performance issues myself, and I don't play PvP, so I can't speak for that. Conan Exiles is fun for me, and I like to play it with friends online, even in its current state (whereby its ""current state"" is better to me than ARK's state at the same time, when it comes to the fun factor). The developers seem active, and they care. They don't rush out patches all of the time, like ARK does, but on the other hand they seem to think their work through more thoroughly.Conan Exiles is recommended."
,Recommended,440900,29705392,Posted: 4 February,all,Guanshiyin,"Dev keeps ♥♥♥♥ing up the game every update so♥♥♥♥♥♥gets corrupted.Stop writing spaghetti code.Other than that, eh."
,Recommended,440900,30039366,Posted: 19 February,all,Zaydok,"Freshly Updated Review @ 113hrsI now have 113 hours and counting in Conan Exiles Early Access. To date I've played on 3 or 4 different servers. All with different server configs and themes. What I've found fascinating is that the experience with all of them was enjoyable. They each offered unique challenges and experiences.I do think this game is best played with a well thought out theme and rules and organization. To that degree the canvas is quite blank to setup and create a story and experience to suit just about any kind of scenario you want. PvE, PvP, RP, Solo-play, Clan vs Clan, Community, Story DrivenThere are some really creative people playing this game. Interacting with them is quite fun and what is possible in this game even at this early stage is impressive. I've seen some bases that would blow your mind. I've seen players beaten, whipped, lashed, enslaved, murdered, robbed, you name it. I've seen alliances be built and also dissolve into all out warfare.I think one of the challenges right now is finding a home server. Almost everyone is setting up a server which results in a lot of empty servers. Don't worry, there are plenty of good active ones too. If you're having trouble finding one you can always contact me and I'll point you in the right direction.Have fun out there!P.S. Also feel free to check out my videos and screenshots of the game here on my Steam profile if you're wanting to see some of what is possible."
76561198058878078,Recommended,440900,30106666,Posted: 22 February,all,floki44,love the game. when servers wipe i get sad tho
76561198129532557,Recommended,440900,30111547,Posted: 22 February,all,weinj93,The Devs work hard on this one.
