user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198075785572,Recommended,441350,25249487,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,swardy27,"Hello, First off this is a dream come true to see the first VG. i ever played revived.This is a great remaster, i love the way the shield works similair to Valken (Cybernator)The redone music is pretty good, And you can unlock the classic music for arcade mode which is cool.The 3 Documents you can look through in the extras are also pretty sweet. For someone like me who loves every bit of info i can get about this series it helps alot.Their are however a few glitches that need to get worked out. I will list them so hopefully the Developers look at this review.1.Character portraits:Do not display correctly sometimes, being just a blank black box instead of whoever it is intended to show.2. Water splash graphics: in stages 4 and five there are grapical erroes that show up when jumping in the water, they are like green boxes.3. Weapon previews: These are not showing for any of the weapons, The Light gatling Gun shows the first few seconds of it and the other weapons just have a blank video feed.4. Mission overview picture: the popup video that shows the tactics for Mission 4 do not display correctly, it continues to try and pop in.overall if they can fix these bugs i would give it a 9/10And for those new to the game, it is kinda short. 8 Stages with 2 version each. but there is a nice little unlock system similair to Gunhound that unlucks neat little things such as a laser sight.I would have loved to have English voice overs and also the NA release of the Instuction Booklet."
76561198006653128,Recommended,441350,25259694,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,ssfsx17,"Assault Suit Leynos is a mecha platformer, similar to Assault Suits Valken (a.k.a. Cybernator for the SNES). It is designed as an arcade game that can be finished in two hours casually, or much faster if you practice speedrunning it.The story is a pretty basic Gundam (Universal Century 0078) derivative, so its main strength is in the gameplay. Standard mode on easy difficulty is very casual-friendly, with regenerating health and plenty of opportunities to tradeoff weapon variety for more health. You get weapon and equipment unlocks in each mission depending on how well you do, and whether or not you fulfill certain secret conditions. Before each mission, you choose eight pieces of equipment, which can also include taking multiples of a special weapon or multiple layers of armor. You can even remove your standard gun (leaving a punch as your only ammo-less weapon), shield, and booster backpack if you really want to challenge yourself.There is a classic mode with a much higher difficulty, and you can also turn up the difficulty higher if you really want. Anyone who wants to prove that they have the biggest e-p should do a no-equipment run in classic mode on hard difficulty.If you can't get enough of games like Assault Suits Valken (Cybernator for the SNES), Armored Hunter GUNHOUND, and the like, then you should definitely buy this one."
,Recommended,441350,25259857,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,delta_7890,"If you loved the Genesis/Mega Drive game you'll love this!For those not in the know, Assault Suit Leynos here is a remake of a classic side-scrolling mecha action game for the Sega Mega Drive, known in the US on the Genesis as ""Target Earth.""There's some really great content here.  Not only do you get a newly remastered ""Arcade Mode"" with voice acted dialogue, expanded missions, and brand-new bosses, but the game also includes a ""Classic Mode"" that keeps things remarkably faithful to the original version of the game (even going so far as to change the music and firing sound effects to the original Mega Drive versions).The controls here are super solid.  While the game can be played with a keyboard though, I'd highly recommend using a gamepad instead.  And don't forget to lock your firing angle (left shoulder button on a 360 controller) when you need to focus your aim on a particular target!As you gain points in missions, you'll unlock new features to mess around with, like a laser sight for your primary weapon, a visible boost gauge, and more.  You'll also unlock all of the story mode weapons to use in Stage Select, allowing you to replay missions you've beaten with any loadout you'd like.Topping things off are (sadly untranslated) scans of concept art, development material, and the original Japanese Mega Drive instruction manual all found in-game, as well as a BGM player.  A nice little bonus for sure!This is not a long game.  Arcade and Classic Mode can easily be beaten within an hour each, but if you're a fan of the original game or classic mecha action games in general, you owe it to yourself to pick this up."
,Not Recommended,441350,28958471,Posted: 2 January,all,JunglePredator,"Cannot recommend it as a PC game.While the art is okay but even with some updated assets the style is very much showing it's age.Controls are not customize-able & are hard coded to a very awkward scheme. With out mouse aiming it still plays very much like trying to run a Playstation game on PC... things are just messy. The menu to quit the game is a VERY un-intuative P button... well away from any other controls & the game does not respond to the enter key... even when it says ""push button"". (It's left to the player to figure out which button.)Resolution control is handled poorly with the escape key changing the game to a windowed mode instead of bringing up a menu like most games would & pressing it a second time exits the game with out warning instead of reversing your last action like expected.Controls are presented with an Xbox game pad in the controls screen showing little effort to port it to PC; it's very obvious they want Xbox to be their main market along with all the other PC unfriendly things.Game runs smoothly but is a rather large size at 4.82 GB. There appears to be no way to gracefully quit the game being forced to use alt-f4 when in game.Over all the game shows it's age, is very much over priced for what you get & you'd be better off finding & purchasing any of the older american releases of this series; you'd be getting about the same product for a much more reasonable price."
,Recommended,441350,31327544,Posted: 23 April,all,Chaosian,"The Sega Genesis classic ""Target Earth"" this is a remake of was hard as balls and rad as ♥♥♥♥.While it's a lot less difficult, and the sometimes sketchy translation blunts the cool, I still greatly enjoyed playing and 100%ing it!It's a difficult title to recommend at it's current pricepoint, mostly because of its fairly arcade-game length. It suffers problems in respects to bugs (a lot of having to do things over with achievements), and I have a number of nit-picks about how the scripted sequences were changed, even in the more faithful ""classic mode"".That said however, this remake is a dream come true for me, and is extremely impressive to have been made in the first place. All the right decisions were made in what to keep and what to update, and everything that was censored in the original's western release regarding some slightly romantic dialouge and anti-war themes were fully restored - which is fantastic.The end result is a game with a lot of problems, but a lot of fun to play."
76561197991963037,Not Recommended,441350,28655242,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Zarbi300,"What this game looks like it should be based on the videos and screenshots would be pretty cool, unfortunately the controls, menus, and general game design does not live up to it.-You get to customize your loadout every story mission, but in the first mission you don't have anything to switch out so it's just a waste of time as you try and re-try as the difficulty is ridiculous. This also adds frustration as you can't just hit a ""confirm"" button to continue, you have to scroll down to a ""start"" button and then confirm. Also, the stuff you unlock isn't available when you choose to play individual missions instead of a continuous story mode.-Most of the difficulty comes from massive enemy groups that seem to be continuously respawning alongside time-limited special enemies who sometimes get a cinematic entrance and boss health bar, but mostly don't, plus the poor control scheme.-Since this game is a remake of an older title its controls only account for one d-pad/control stick. As a result you have to aim and move with the same directional control. This is a big problem because, as mentioned above, there are huge groups of enemies advancing toward you so you will spend most of your time retreating, meaning you have to keep turning around in between bursts of fire, also your block only protects from attacks hitting your front side. There is an aim-lock button, but if your aim is slightly too high or low you have to stop, reorient, fire to make sure you're lined up, lock, and then continue moving, this method is arguably just as bad. This is frustrating on land missions, but in zero-gravity missions it is even worse as you need to keep dodging enemy fire by flying up and down.-As mentioned above, unlocks seem to be either broken or highly specific. There is an overall levelling system which has told me that I unlocked weapons for customization, but I didn't see them anywhere. It turns out that after you unlock things you have to go into your options menu and switch them on for some reason. Also many of the unlocks seem to be a way of padding out basic content. In the little time I played I unlocked both a laser sight to show me where my shots would go and a meter informing me how much boost I have left. Those weren't special equipable tools or anything, they were universally ""switched on"" from that point on.-Overall this game just reeks of incompletion. Basic enemy density and weapon power need serious tweeking, Character protraits look and animate like something from early 2000's Newgrounds flashes, and after finishing the tutorial I found my character jumping up out of the bottom of the screen during an ingame text sequence, apparently they forgot to disconnect my inputs from my character so as I confirmed the completion of a text sequence, my mech would jump. Oh also, after rebinding the controls and coming back to the game later I found that somehow up and down had been bound to ""reset"". I had to delete and reinstall the whole game as there was no way to move through menus to change this. Also the most recent update at the current time is a developer update informing game owners that you can't exit the game using a controller, you need to press esc on your keyboard.Just don't buy it unless a there is a major update/mod some time in the future"
,Recommended,441350,26513143,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Sartorius,"A reimagining of one of my favorite Sega Genesis games, Target Earth. Plays best with a controller."
,Not Recommended,441350,35020100,Posted: 17 September,all,Shunmasan,"Wasn't as good as I expected it to be.This game feels really lazy.It's like they just took what they had from GunHound EX, created leynos graphics, added voice acting, but did not have enough time to make the game.Stage bosses are terrible especially in the later stages. They just repeat one attack that reminds you of a bullethell game. This also makes it feel like they have way too much HP.If you launched the game for the first time with a gamepad plugged in and notice that no buttons are working that is because you have to first navigate to the options screen using arrow keys and 'Z' 'X' keyboard buttons then set to use the gamepad."
,Recommended,441350,25277262,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Tasker 2016,This game is great.  It is also very short and has no multiplayer.Get it on sale.
,Recommended,441350,25504012,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,LancerECNM,"Assault Suit Leynos is a remake of a Genesis / Mega Drive game many of you will know as Target: Earth.Assault Suit Leynos isn't as good as its prequel, Assault Suit Valken (SNES), which you may know as Cybernator. It's also not as good as the remake developer's previous work, Armored Hunter Gunhound (PSP/Steam). However, it's significantly better than the original version of Assault Suit Leynos. It features a pretty hefty amount of customization for a game that's shorter than your average Mega Man game, and it has a few mechanical improvements over its predecessors, such as the invaluable ability to use your shield in mid-air/space. The biggest thing it has over the other Assault Suits and Assault Suit homages is that it's a LOT easier. If you're looking for a way to warm up to its sometimes exceedingly difficult cousins, there's no better introduction to the tiny subgenre.And hey, if you really want to swim through an endless sea of randomly spawning enemies, Leynos also features Classic Mode, which makes the game behave very much like the original version. Which was an endless sea of randomly spawning enemies."
76561197985097744,Not Recommended,441350,33647887,Posted: 19 July,all,Sabin Stargem,"The game itself is good, but the gamepad functionality was mishandled by whoever did the porting.  One controller resets the game with the press of a thumbstick, the other one does the same if I configure that gamepad to my preferred layout.Should the other games of the franchise make it onto Steam, I will ignore them based on how this game was handled thus far.Fix this, if you want my money for future games."
76561198015736237,Recommended,441350,25339272,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,manny7565,doesn't work like it said with the xbox 360 controller
,Recommended,441350,26002340,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Duke Magus,"Resolution locked at 720p, interpolation works poorly, controllers have some bugs here and there...It is an amazing mecha game, and worth buying in a sale, but still needs more refinement ro get it at full price"
76561197981904472,Not Recommended,441350,26154351,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,RYYX,"Target Earth, Cybernator, and many other games from my childhood all come from the Assault suit Leynos franchise, and they helped shape my Mecha/anime fanaticism.Imagine my joy when I discovered that a PC remake was released in August!  A Faithful recreation of Target earth with some nifty changes, amazing graphics and familiar gameplay?  SIGN. ME. UP!So I plunk down my 20$ because most reviews are pretty positive, and saddle up to beat the game in 2 hours or less.I turn on the game... it starts in some windowed mode, meh, no big deal I'll change it in the options menu... I press start on my Xbone controller, and nothing happens.  A?  B?  Back?  Bumpers, triggers?  Nothing.I thumb the left stick and the game restarts.... I do it again and sure enough it just reboots...I try the keyboard... nada... Oh wait, Z, X?WTF?I get to the options, set it to xbox.Restart.Same difference, no dice, my controller doesn't work.Ok, well Let me try it with keyboard...  Ludacris controls make the game unplayable.Anyway... I would love to reccomend this game, but I should have gotten it on PS4 I guess, so I could use a controller...BAD port, and this issue should be fixed already, I SAW the Devs adress this, but it's still not fixed.  The game has been out for 2 months, IMHO such a key issue should have been fixed already.  I suppose it may never be fixed now.  I'll have to look up some possible fixes, but until or unless the devs update with a fix, this game isn't getting a thumbs up.In fact, I'm taking a REFUND ASAP."
,Not Recommended,441350,32286167,Posted: 9 June,all,The Glorious Potato,"I don't like to make serious reviews but this game is ayuss.The third stage literally has you standing in one place mashing the punch button as an endless conga line of 1 enemy type runs straight into your fist and dies.Then, after a certain amount of tedium, the game teleports you to the center of the level to fight a boss without killing off any of the remaining conga line. This means that if you weren't past the middle of the stage, all of the conga line runs straight into the base you were trying to defend and gives you an instant game over while you're trying to have a cool 1v1 mech fight.And if you were past the middle of the stage, the conga line runs straight into your 1v1, killing the mood.This is only one example of the serious lack of polish this game has.Not worth $20, not even worth $10 for how buggy and borked this game is. Do yourself a favor and buy Gunhound or play Cybernator on an emulator instead of wasting time on this."
,Recommended,441350,26968117,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Z-Gradt,Awesome robots shooting each other.
76561198087337981,Not Recommended,441350,33510973,Posted: 13 July,all,anemal606,"Terrible controls. the look and aim are bound togather, so no way to not fly to what your shooting at. the game would be decent if the controls were not complete s h i t!"
,Not Recommended,441350,29994847,Posted: 17 February,all,coolRONz,"This game is like trying to play an early 90s PC DOS in window10, sure there may be work arounds, but the game isnt fun enough to even want to put in the time. As far as HD goes, looks like 640x480 at best, lasttime I checked HD is 720P and above. I think if you are into hardcore oldschool mech games its fine, but for a modern gamer its a pass...."
,Recommended,441350,27378998,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Raven800,"This is a great reboot of a classic game. it's a bit easier than the classic game, which i'm really greatful for as the old game was damn near impossible when I was younger and is still ""nintendo hard"" to this day, but you can later unlock ""classic mode"" complete with classic music and sound effects that actually mimics the classic game quite well. so it cartors to both new player and fans of the classic game as well! It's a fairly short game but there are plenty of unlocks to crack open for those completionists out there, so it makes for decent replayability.I definitely recommend this to fans of challenging 2D platform shooters and fans of the original game itself. It definitely lives up to the classic game and doesn't disapoint."
,Recommended,441350,26757399,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Kain,"A really good port, the remake is also very good if you did play the Mega Drive version and compare both. Only problem: you have to use keyboard Z and X to go to the menu and select ""Default Xbox controller"" to make the Xbox Controller work, other than this apparently some achievements are bugged.An extra note, I really liked the voice actors used in the storyline. Though in Classic Mode it doesn't use their voice."
76561198070742984,Recommended,441350,25433459,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,shadow_sv650,oldschool gameplay and well produced ...fun for people who played games like these in the past.newcomers should wait for a sale.
76561198145219090,Recommended,441350,25584484,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,CaptainCoochie,"really fun game with a point system that unlocks little diffrent things from original music box to gameplay options. Each level you finish you unlock a new gun type to select from b4 each mission you have a loudout to customize what you'll you fighting with. You go in blind you might loose but go back to the load out and get the weapons thats more usefull Sheild, boost, missles, etc. overall its a great game with plenty to do and i regret nothing."
76561198007704786,Recommended,441350,25810923,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,patrick.ryan.jacobs,"A wonderful remake of an old favorite. With the option to play the classic game and the new arcade version, it is truly an enjoyable game."
76561198044434428,Recommended,441350,25796852,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Totsugaru,"I had a lot of fun with this. It can be tough, but manageable, you just need to get used to piloting your mech. PLEASE BRING ASSAULT SUIT VALKEN TO STEAM!"
76561197971166848,Recommended,441350,25641444,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Metal_Marine,"I first heard about this Leynos remake awhile back and was dissapointed that at the time is was only coming to PS4. To see it come to steam was a dream come true. This game was a huge part of my childhood, never thought I would live to see it brought back to life with such attention to detail and care. I suppose many will play this without knowing its roots and think its just an average mech side scroller, and maybe it is. But for me it took me back to a place when I was just a kid in love with video games, mechs, and a good story. Nostalgia aside what Dracue has done here is make a solid mech shooter that is very faithful to the original. It even has a classic mode that showcases just how difficult the original game was all with the classic music intact. If your a fan of the original or just a fan of mech shooters in general you can't pass this one up."
,Recommended,441350,29913168,Posted: 13 February,all,Casino Cowboy,"Assault Suit Leynos was a cult classic on the Sega Genesis released in North America as Target Earth, and this HD remake serves as the ultimate way to experience it. For the uninitiated, Assault Suits is a small short lived mecha franchise from the 90s that wears its classic mecha anime influences on its sleeve without any shame at all, and are known for being intense and difficult with deliberately slow and heavy controls meant to really feel like you're controlling a massive metal war machine.The remake brings the original Sega game into the modern age with some GORGEOUS 2D graphics that are extremely detailed and pleasing to look at. The original game's beloved soundtrack is completely redone with rocking music, sound effects have that retro sound and vibe to them, its just a fantastic game to look and listen to. Gameplay is improved from the original, taking in some carry over ideas from Assault Suits Valken from the SNES - namely the expanded control scheme giving the shield and boost dedicated buttons as well as a melee attack. There are eight levels of progressing difficulty, often with narrative driven objectives such as destroying enemy warships or protecting valuable targets as opposed to just reaching the end of a level. There's an arcade and classic mode, with classic being based off the original Sega game with no voice acting or extra features, and arcade mode offers slightly retooled levels with extra objectives and expanded story with voice acting.The game is hard as hell, the original was known for its legendary difficulty and the remake retains that spirit with gusto. There are no lives and infinite continues at least, but that's just a small comfort for how much certain levels and bosses will beat you in. If you're into that retro-hard challegne that comes from repetition, memorization, and raw ""git gud"", then you'll find Leynos welcome, but it isn't for everyone. The game also essentially NEEDS a gamepad to be enjoyed, this is a port of a PS4 game, and while it supports keyboard that is not how the original or the remake was intended to be played. Be forewarned!There are some technical issues, though. The game has some unfairly demanding system requirements (mostly due to each level loading all its assets at once which is STUPID), and even with a modest machine you can get some slowdown. Fortunately this slowdown is in the SNES style where too many sprites on the screen cause everything to move in slow motion as opposed to frame rate skips and choppiness, so its perfectly playable regardless, but beware momements where too much is exploding on screen at once.All in all though if you're a fan of retro games or a fan of mecha games then Leynos is one of the best either way. The remake truly gave it love an adoration, the developers being obvious fans who made their own mecha action game called Armored Suit Gunhound EX, which if you've played can see the clear and obvious influences from Assault Suits on. Definite recommendation from me!"
