user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,441380,25498006,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Campion not responding,"These are crude early impressions from someone who is in the top 100 on the leaderboards (or at least, top 300 if we include hackers) for both Pac Man DX and Champ 2:- The game starts with an unnecessary six minute tutorial. After this, you unlock Score attack, where you unlock more levels as you play. There's a lot of unlocking in this game, but I think anyone with moderate stint of skill should be able to unlock mostly everything in no time.- Championship 2 has the same fundamentals as the other games (eat dots, ghost trains, power pellets) but its otherwise entirely different. Eating dots fills up a gauge that, when filled will allow you to eat a fruit at the center of the screen to refresh the board. This means you don't have to eat every single dot to to get the fruit like in DX. Ghosts no longer immediately kill you on impact. Instead you bump off them a few times before they turn hostile and chase you. Bombs can now be obtained by eating all of the dots and return you to the center of the screen instead of the ghosts when you use them. Another small addition to some boards are jump pads that dart you across the screen. I have to say, I think these will always throw me out of whack, but in a good way.These changes may seem confusing at first, but they make for a less linear and more hectic game than DX. DX, as genius as it was, was arguably linear with its boards and forced you to eat every dot in a predetermined path to progress. By introducing the guage, the game presents the player with the option of moving to the next screen early or getting the remaining dots and ghosts available. Another aspect that ups the ante significantly is giving all four ghosts their own train as they wander around the board. The more mini ghosts you collect, the longer their trains get and the harder they are to avoid. This is on top of how incredibly fast these games get as you gain speed.There are still some changes I'm kind of iffy on, like when you finally have to chase and eat the ghost trains. On one hand I can understand how these moments are meant to fit the manic feel of the game, but they can get a little frustrating from just how sporadic and random the ghosts movements are. These moments only get worse for more complex parts of the map where the ghosts twist and turn all over the place. Then there's the actual process of eating them, which zooms in on you as pac man automatically chomps away. While it does look cool, you can't control Pac man during these sequences and he'll often turn in directions you didn't intend. There is also the chance of you getting stuck in one of these trains on accident. It just seems that this stage of the game feels poorly realized in a few ways.- Score attack mode has three difficulties: Single Train, Regular and Extreme. Single train has the slowest speed and only has one train of ghosts follow you, while Regular splits it into four ghost trains and speeds things up a bit. Extreme mode is for those of us who take our scores seriously. You only get three lives (not that it will matter, since you'll probably restart when you die) and ghosts turn hostile if you tap them once.- There is something called adventure mode that has bosses or something, but honestly my only interest in these games comes down to their score attacks.- The LSD infused visuals and music that drew so many people to these games in the first place is still absolutely fantastic.- The system requirements stike me as really strange (an i7 for ♥♥♥♥ing pac man?), and it doesn't help to see people reporting issues with this game. I own a GTX 750 ti with a i5 4590, and I have not encountered a single problem.My opinions may change the further I dig into the game, but they are largely positive. Pac Man DX was arcade perfection and Champ 2 introduced a few new good ideas to shake it up, even if some don't work out as well. As far as I'm concerned, this is a worthy successor to Pac Man DX, although not as perfectly executed.EDIT: Bandai Namco messed up sensitivity for ALL game controllers quite a while ago and refused to address it. I still recommend the game, as long as you follow my guide on how to fix them. Otherwise, I'd stay away.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=887120149"
,Recommended,441380,25493911,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,BadSec7or,"I already have PAC-MAN CE DX installed so I was very excited with this new release.Some early comments reported 5 minutes waiting for the tutorial screen and terrible loading times, but if you have a little more than the minimum specs you should not have any troubles with the game.If you have similar hardware like mine:Intel Core i5 3570k, 16Gb RAM, AMD Radeon R9 270X 2GByou will be good ... the more important thing is to have at least agraphic card with 2GB memory(Update: someone with nVidia GTX 750 1GB memory mention that he had no problems playing this game)About the game, all the graphics are really polished, the tutorial is very easy to follow and the new game rules add more fun to this game, I especially enjoyed the bomb, the new angry ghost feature, ghost trains and the possibility to watch the replay for the first 50 in the leaderboards in any mode so you can learn how they obtain their high scores and improve your techniques.My Xbox 360 wireless controller works good just make sure to connect the wireless receiver before opening the game. If you have any troubles, check if both (receiver and controller) are in sync and if you have the right drivers installed)Pros:It's Pac-Man!! Fun since 1980!Gorgeous graphicsExcellent gameplayAbsolutely funFreaking insane and amazing OST    **thanks nahcirujano**New rules and new game modesVery good tutorial (1 and 2)Possibility to watch the replay for any player with score in the top 50 at the leaderboardsFair priceNo Micropayments  <<<<No Season Pass  <<<<No Pay 2 Win  <<<<Cons:Lack of video options (no basic nor advanced)Lack of controller optionsVery high hardware requirements (versus previous version)Have fun chomping those pellets and ghosts! :D"
76561197981762182,Not Recommended,441380,25536083,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Discospawn,"To start off the review, I'm going to say that if you haven't played the original Pac-Man Championship Edition DX +, you should not even consider this game until you've bought and played that game.  It is a modern classic, and I find it hard to imagine anybody would enjoy this game more than the original.  If you don't like the original, it’s unlikely you'll enjoy this game.  Unfortunately, even if you love the first in the series, there's a chance this game will disappoint you.The basic premise of the game is similar to the original 80's Pac-Man:  Eat everything you can while avoiding ghosts (until you gain the ability to eat them too).  Championship Edition DX adds a fast-paced, electro-music, puzzle-game type of twist to the old formula.This game comes with 2 basic modes:  Score Attack and Adventure Mode.  There's also a Tutorial Mode to introduce basic game concepts.Score Attackhas 10 different maps to choose from, mostly inspired by the previous game's boards, but also includes some new ones.  As the name implies, the goal is to get the highest score possible by eating dots, fruits, power pellets, and ghosts within a 5 minute limit.  Each map has 3 different difficulty levels to choose from, and your results are graded and tracked on a leaderboard so you can compare your score against others.  Each map also has a 10-minute time limit version of the map, but this version is only for 'practice', and does not have a leaderboard associated with it.  You end up with 30 trials to attempt to get 'S' rank on and rise to the top of each one's leaderboard.Adventure Modereplaces the Time Trial mode of the previous game.  This mode asks you to collect a certain amount fruit as quickly as possible.  A countdown timer begins at the start of the level, and if it counts down to 0 before you've completed the objective then you fail and must restart. It features an 'overworld map' type of structure, where there are 10 or more sub-levels that must be completed before unlocking a boss-level.  After the boss level is completed, the map moves on to the next section of 10+ levels (I use the word 'map' loosely, there is no story or additional graphics, it’s just a set of 10 squares labeled 1-1 through 1-10 to choose from, and a box labeled 'BOSS').  Each level also has 3 difficulty levels to choose from, which changes how much time is on the countdown timer at the start of each level.  There are no leaderboards associated with this mode, and based on the game's Achievements there seems to be at least half a dozen sets of levels.The problems come with how the actual gameplay differs from the original.  The original game was simple enough to easily pick-up, and seemed to give you every advantage to avoid dying.  This game seems to have added several unintuitive features that only serve to frustrate and block progress.  Below are some examples:One of the best parts of the original game is that time would drastically slow down any time you were in danger of losing a life.  This gave the player the option to almost always save themselves, even if they made a wrong turn or a ghost surprised them while travelling at top speed.  In this game there is never any intentional slowdown.  Instead, ghosts begin as harmless, and you will literally bounce off of them if you run into them.  However, if you bounce into them enough times, they become 'angry', at which point touching them again results in death.  So instead of a rewarding system that allows you to recover from mistakes, the game changed to make mistakes either meaningless or harshly punished.In the original game, bombs would send all active ghosts back to their central cell, guaranteeing your safety and allowing you to continue on your route.  Thus, bombs were a limited item that could be used to continue progress no matter the situation.  In this game, using a bomb teleports you back to your starting point in the map, next to a 'safe zone' where ghosts cannot harm you, stopping your progress and making it feel more like a retreat than an attack on the ghosts.  Granted, there is some strategy to using this new bomb functionality, as it can allow you to clear levels faster by teleporting to the middle of the map from any location, but it still feels like a removal of one of the key powers of the game.The way power pellets work has been completely revamped.  Now, once Pac-Man eats a Power Pellet, the ghost trains move very quickly at try to avoid Pac-Man by running through pre-defined paths on the map.  After catching up with the head a ghost train, Pac-Man jumps above the map and enters an eating animation while the rest of the board continues to move at normal speed.  On harder difficulties, where there can be 4 separate ghost trains, each of which needs to be consumed to continue on, this can lead to a significant amount of time being spent catching the ghost trains, watching the animation for eating it, figuring out where the other ghosts have moved while the animation played, and then repeating 3 more times.  It turns what should be the most enjoyable part of Pac-Man (eating ghosts) into a frustrating experience.The addition of difficulty levels falls into the problem where the higher difficulty levels aren't necessarily harder, but just more annoying.  At the hardest difficulty, the end-of-level fruits and power pellets will actively run away from Pac-Man, forcing you to chase after them while avoiding ghosts.  The easiest difficulty only allows for 1 ghost train at a time (similar to the original), while harder ones enable up to 4 (which clutters up the map with ghost trains and makes eating every ghost a hassle as mentioned above).The Adventure Mode is a complete misfire.  Rather than giving the player infinite time and challenging them to continue to improve on their fastest time, the imposition of arbitrary time limits as a fail condition is much worse.  But even that's really beside the point, as without leaderboards attached to the mode there is little reason to slog through 60+ of these levels rather than simply getting better at the Score Attack modes.There are other examples (the speed multiplier from the original is gone, the addition of a 'brake' button implies the developers intend for Pac-Man to stop moving during the game as a strategy, 1-Ups have become a pickup item that appears randomly during levels, etc.), but in general almost every new or changed feature makes the game inferior to the original.I'm a huge fan of the original Pac-Man Championship Edition DX (I have well over a hundred hours in it, getting into the top percentage of the leaderboards), and I keep wondering if my love of the original game is why I'm disappointed with this sequel (""could anything measure up?"").  I appreciate that the developers had to make changes to the base gameplay in order to justify a sequel, but nearly every change they've made shows a misunderstanding of what made the original game so much fun.  It's like a video game form of a bad movie remake:  it doesn't do anything new that's worth doing, it doesn't seem to understand the appeal of its source material, and it likely wouldn't exist if the original hadn't been hugely successful and garnered such goodwill.  Because of all this, I just can't recommend this game, even to diehard fans of the original."
76561198117046172,Not Recommended,441380,26325841,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Elmo3000,"As a video game, Pac-Man Championship Edition 2 is a fun, bright and colourful romp through some nostalgic Pac-Man levels with some updated twists and original mechanics.As a sequel, Pac-Man Championship Edition 2 is a complete disaster that is upstaged at every opportunity by the very game it's trying to succeed.It is, at its core, a perfectly acceptable game that has the misfortune of following up one of the most pleasant surprises to bear the name 'Pac-Man', and it doesn't impress nearly as much this time around. If I had to pick its single greatest flaw, it would be that PMCE2 is 100% the type of game where the developers wanted to add in some bold new changes to really set this game apart from the original, but forgot to check if the changes they were making were actually any good. They weren't.Bombs are back! But rather than blasting ghosts back into the middle of the maze for a second - which was incredibly useful but not overpowered in the original - they just shoot you back to the middle of the maze instead, which is dull, not very useful, not very interesting, and heaven forbid you're already near the middle of the screen when you need to use one.You bump into ghosts instead of avoiding them! And they bump you back a few spaces, which is super-fun and not annoying when the ghosts are in chains of 30 or more and you're travelling fast enough to screen-wrap in less then a second. And it barely comes up because bumping into them 3 times - which you will probably do, partly because you're moving so fast and partly because it's wildly impractical to improvise a different route when you can get through by bumping them into a hostile jump - sets the ghosts back on their old regular 'Hunt you down and kill you' mode.Ghost chains are still here! But you can only eat them head-on and they move (at ridiculous speeds) around the maze at random, following predestined white lines with the intention of forcing you to cut them off. Interesting idea, boring and sometimes obnoxiously difficult in practise.And then there's just strange new design choices like 'The fruit sometimes runs away from you.' Isn't that fun? Don't you love it when you need to get an item in a video game and it runs away from you? I hate it when I want to pick up an item in a video game and it doesn't run away from me. So boring. Much more fun to chase it for another 12 seconds while, like the ghosts, it seeks out paths to avoid you and you have to come up with a plan to hunt it down and cut it off despite moving at speeds far too ludicrous to keep track of.It's not all bad - the Adventure mode is pretty good, although it has that false difficulty of 'Hey man, it's cool, just unlock whatever stars you want and face the boss when you're ready!' that becomes 'I was just joking! You have to 100% everything perfectly on the hardest difficulty if you want to play the final level!' at the end. And the final 'Adventure Mode' levels change your tasks from 'Eat 6 fruit in 60 seconds' to 'Reach 5 million points in 6 minutes'. At least the boss fights are something new and cool? The 3D graphics when you finish them off, or eat a long ghost train, are really well-done, but they're also why this game - that has less content than the original - is more than four times the size.If this was a good game but a bad sequel, that would balance out, but as it stands now, it's a decent game and a terrible sequel. Just keep playing Pac-Man Championship Edition DX."
76561198155461176,Recommended,441380,25499860,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,PlatinumWarpstar64,"So, reviews have been shot out early this morning with not recommended to recommended scores. I'll give my review of the game right here.Pacman CE 2 is a sequel to the 2 almost perfect games: Pacman Championship Edition and Pacman Championship Edition Deluxe. Does this game hold up just as well? Let's seeLet's Talk about the gameplay, if you're familiar with Pacman CE or just Pacman in general, you should feel right at home with this game, it's very fast paced, and still pretty difficult to achieve very high scores. Eating Ghosts feels even more satisfying than ever in this game. All you have to do to complete an area of the maze is simply much all the power pellets until the fruit bar below is full, then you collect the fruit, BOOM, on to the next area. If you look at this game and think it's super hard, don't worry, there's a tutorial that will teach you all of the basics and tricks you need to know. I also feel the need to say, if you lose a life, it only takes about two seconds to get back in the game, nice way to keep that system going. Fighting bosses, which is a new mechanic in the game, is simpler than you think, collect the pellets, then catch the fuit that's fleeing, be careful though, once you collect all of the pellets, all of the ghosts will become angry, so be careful. This game also just feels so satisfying to play! Especially when you eat up a Ghost Train.The Music, as you'd expect, is really good, though I personally have an issue that no one else seems to have, the music cuts off when the timer hits 15 seconds in 5 minute Score Attack mode, my game must not be running correctly, can someone figure out why? Anyway, the music adds to the expierience a LOT. I keep beating my head to the tunes of the tracks, heck, even the HUD's beat along to the rhythm!!! Nice touch!Now lets talk about the Graphics and Presentation. This game doesn't look as simple as 2D sprites anymore, no, we've launched into 3D sprites! They all look very retro and still feel very Pacman-like. The atmoshpere feels very intense because of the mini ghosts moving around and how fast paced the gameplay is, the game also runs at a stunning 60fps. However, this game is just a little difficult to run on PC, so I'd check the specification requirements before purchasing the game on your PC.A lot of people seem to be giving this game bad reviews for the game not loading, or the framerate is too low, that's a problem THEY are having, if you have the right specifications for this game, you're good to go! Also, guys, don't give the game a bad review for problems you're having, first, check to see if several other people are having the same issue before calling that an instant Con, ok? Just wanted to get that out of the way.Overall, I really think Pacman Championship Edition 2 is a great game that any Pacman fan, or just any video game fan in general should buy! I recommend this game to all audiences that like fast paced, intense, and thrilling games! Pacman Championship Edition 2 is between a GREAT and AMAZING game!Score:9/10Thanks for reading my review! I really hope this helped. $12.99 is definetely worth the price you're paying for this game."
,Not Recommended,441380,30338923,Posted: 5 March,all,Bradcore,"As someone who has put tons of time into Pac-Man Championship Edition and Pac-Man Championship Edition DX+ on both XBOX 360 and PC, I was totally excited for this. Sadly, I was promptly thrown in to a world of disappointment and regret once I started playing. I gave this game a good honest try, I did. I thought, ""Maybe it will just take some getting used to,"" but alas, it was not to be. Instead of expanding on the great formulat that they had in the first two Championship Editions, they decided to throw that out the window including many of the basics of Pac-Man itself.First of all, ghosts (for the most part) don't hurt any more. Pac-Man just bounces off them, which seems stupid (and it is) until you realize that it's neccessary as you can't always tell you're going to run into a ghost because of the games flighty controls. The controls in this game (which were flawless in the previous two) are beyond sensative. All too often will Pac-Man go up when I try to go down, or crash into a barage of ghosts because Pac-Man will suddenly turn left when I was trying to continue straight. Combine this with the warp speeds Pac-Man seems to acheive in no time at all, and sometimes you'll completely lose track of him, only to find Pac-Man in a section of the maze you had no intention of travelling to.This is to say nothing of the jump pads which springboard you over a wall into another section of the map. Those can be disorienting enough without a warp speed Pac-Man bouncing off a ghost onto one of thse pads.I wanted to like this game, I really did, but it's just not fun. Honestly, I could've probably dealt with the ghost bouncing if the controls weren't absolute garbage. There's plenty to be annoyed about in this game, but if the controls were great like the previous ones, then there is a chance I would've really enjoyed this one too."
,Recommended,441380,25506212,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Zeek,"IsCE2a good game?  Yes.  Is it a good game on its own right?  Yes.  Is it a good game compared to its predecessor,Pac-Man CE DX?  I'm still not entirely sure.Pac-Man Championship Edition 2is the next iteration in thePac-Man Championshipfranchise.  It takes the standard Pac-Man arcade formula and spins it on its head.  The first iteration had changing mazes and speed increases,CEDXintroduced ghost trains, and now here we are withCE2that throws more ideas into the system than either of the other two games in the series did.  While building on the familiar concepts ofCEandCEDX,CE2stands far apart from these two previous titles.If you haven’t played eitherCEorCEDX, the basic gameplay is this: Pac-Man roams around the maze, typically an asymmetrical grid, eat dots.  When he eats enough dots, a fruit appears that will change that half of the maze into a different layout.  Eating dots builds up Pac-Man’s speed, and the overall goal is to rack up a high score in X amount of time.CEDXexpanded on this formula by introducing the ghost train.  With sleeping ghosts scattered throughout the map, any time Pac-Man rushes by, the ghosts wake up and form a massive conga line behind him.  Eat a power pellet, and they’re yours for the taking.  Get caught in a bind?  Hit any button to through a bomb, and all ghosts return to the cage in the middle of the screen.WhileCE2has these concepts, it takes them in a whole different direction.  The maze changes, high speed, bombs, and ghost trains all still exist, but their functionality has changed drastically.  To start, there really isn’t a build of speed anymore; Pac-Man jettisons off right from the get-go, so there isn’t a need to build up to anything.  Ghost trains now roam the map, attaching themselves to the four main ghosts.  Bombs serve to moveyouback to the starting point, and no longer affect the ghosts at all.  And, most of all, instead of changing half of the maze to something else, fruit now throws Pac-Man and the ghosts on a completely new grid.The action is quick, the score flies, and the game is constantly making you feel on edge.  The core gameplay ofCE2is something that can stand on its own, and doesn’t really relate, functionality-wise, to the previous titles in the genre, and this is where I’m having trouble enjoying the game.  See,CEDXis probably one of my most played games, starting with it on the Xbox 360 when it came out originally.CEDXbuilt on CE in a natural progression; you still had to build up your speed, be cautious about your route, and aim for that highscore once the blood starts pumping a few minutes in.  But, inCE2, you’re already starting out at lightning speed, and now the ghosts aren’t even very threatening anymore.One of the major changes to the Pac-Man formula inCE2is that hitting ghostsinitiallyno longer kills you.  Instead, the ghosts have a threshold for the amount of times you can bump into them.   When you bump into them enough in a short period, they’ll get angry,and only thenwill you lose a life.  On top of that, ghost trains, despite being however large they are, scatter across set paths when you eat the power pellet.  While you can easily see these set paths,  it’s a literal game of cat and mouse, and you have to be quick to catch them, as they’ll always move opposite direction you’re headed.What unfortunately irks me about this game is how it doesn’t feel like there’s a buildup anymore.  While, yes, the action does culminate to ghost-train-power-pellet-fest once you reach a certain iteration of level jumps, that’s the only signifier that you’re near the end of the time limit.CEDXhad, in my opinion, much better pacing to give you that satisfaction when you reach max speed, and you were zooming by becauseyoubuilt that all yourself.  Screwing up your plan by missing a turn or hitting a ghost meant that you had to rebuild a chunk of what you’ve done.  In this, well, it feels like nothing really happened.However, despite all that, the game is still solid fun.  And at the $13 price point, it’s a no brainer if you enjoy arcade games.  My only issue is that I still feel thatCEDXis the superior game of the two, and that isn’t a bad thing.  BothCE2andCEDXare great games.My only real complaints against the game are:•	It feels like Pac-Man floats in his movement.  Turning corners preemptively takes practice, as there is much more leeway for if you screw up.  Say you passed an intersection, and are just riding on the edge of the next wall, pressing up to preemptively turn at the next intersection at this point may throw you upwards at the intersection you just passed.•	The graphics look like they clash in many places.  It feels like everything was placed in here, rather than everything was created here."
,Recommended,441380,32545213,Posted: 18 June,all,Baron Cappuccino,"I really enjoy Pac-Man Championship Edition 2. The new additions to the Pac-Man gameplay strike the right balance between preserving what it means to be a Pac-Man game, and offering the players something new and exciting. The graphics and sound are perfect. That said, I can see why others down this game for its controls. There's no denying, as far as I can tell, that the controls in CE2 are worse than CEDX. The reason this is the case is that in Pac-Man CEDX, you could reliably buffer a turn in advance, pressing the direction you'd like to move while still within a straightaway, and you'd turn that direction at the next opportunity. In Pac-Man CE2, the window to make movement decisions seems to be more like the original Pac-Man games of the 80s, and your window is pretty much a split second in advance of the turn. I miss the turn-buffering, for lack of a better term, as it allowed me to better plan ahead. I could be on a straightaway, having buffered my next turn, and be looking ahead on Pac-Man's route to plan my next and better keep on top of the ghost situation. In CE2, because I'm forced to keep my eye on Pac-Man at all times, keeping a plan for everything else is daunting to say the least, because the controls are so much less reliable. Unlike CEDX, I, like other reviewers, have even lost track of where Pac-Man himself is, and I can't recall that ever happening in any other game with his name on it. I think allowing movement buffering would go a long way to making Pac-Man CE2 pretty much perfect, along with CEDX which already is. All that said, I'd recommend CE2 to anyone who likes Pac-Man."
,Recommended,441380,25502178,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Sean A_yylmao,"I am so happy with how this game turned out. My biggest fear after the announcement of this game was that it would basically be a map pack for CE DX. However instead we got a game with a very different scoring system and play style while still being as engaging and fun as the original.It seems that every new mechanic has been designed to make the game much more aggresive. You can now bump into ghosts a few times before they get angry and become lethal. This allows you to forcefully push yourself where you need to go with the added risk of more deadly ghosts. Making ghosts angry will also cause them to jump into the air which allows you to manipulate their position to your advantage. Further in order to destroy a chain of ghosts you need to collide with the front making the ability to manipulate and chase down ghosts key to succces. This mechanic takes a while to get used to however is very satisfying when you come up with setups to preform quick kills.The cost of these aggressive changes means that the game is less threatening, however I don't feel that this is a bad thing. Scoring optimization plays a much bigger role here as a result and the game includes a 1 life extreme difficulty if you want a more threatening experience.Pac Man Championship Edition 2 has not succeeded the previous games, rather it created something new which shares similar themes but a different and equal gameplay experience. I highly recommend checking the game out."
,Recommended,441380,25654305,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,CaptainSpam,"It's difficult for me to come up with a concise review of CE2.  I mean, in reality, it's a decent game.  I'd even go as far as to say it's a pretty good game.In a vacuum.Held up to its direct predecessor, though, and with the Pac-Man name on it, things start to fall apart.  The original CE (well, CE DX+) is a classic that maintains the old Pac-Manniness about it.  It's a fast-paced iteration of the formula, boiled down to a time-trial test of efficiency and twitch reflexes that still holds up today.  Everything in that game happens with a non-stop smooth flow that only gets interrupted if you do something wrong (get caught or trigger the close-call slowdowns), the game modes fit the core gameplay, and it all just feels right for a modern take on Pac-Man.CE2, however, lacks a lot of that.  Sure, SOME of the core of DX+ is still there.  It's still a fast-paced race against time through mazes to eat dots as quickly and efficiently as possible.  But then you get to the parts that break the flow of the original.  Gone are the close-call slowdowns; in their place is the annoying bump mechanic, which not only makes the core chase not FEEL like a Pac-Man game (the ghosts, by default, are not lethal until ""angered""), but can throw off the flow of the game in ways that periodic zoom-ins and near-stops never could.  The bombs now dump Pac-Man back at the center of the maze instead of sending all the ghosts back home temporarily and keeping the yellow guy moving right where he was.  The levels don't reform themselves on-the-fly as you get fruits, opting instead to pause the action for at least a half-second to have Pac-Man and the ghosts ""hop"" to the reformed level (which doesn't even bring up the fruit that runs away from you, forcing the game to pause for longer between levels so Pac-Man can jump back to the maze start).  And then there's the cutscene-like ghost train eating sequences, where the camera suddenly snaps to a more dramatic angle, you lose control of Pac-Man until the entire train is consumed, and other trains pass right by while this happens.But, taken strictly on its own merits, CE2 still WORKS, per se.  It's fast, it's pretty fun, and it's mostly legitimately challenging.  It just feels like a different game altogether.  It doesn't feel like a good follow-up to DX+.  If you come expecting that, you might be disappointed.  If not, you might have a good time.  I can't picture CE2 having the same staying power of DX+, but all things considered, it's all right."
76561198069802598,Not Recommended,441380,25916198,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Brad is Roy,"I thought the first one was great -- a real adrenaline rush, and one of the few games that it was fun to grind the leaderboard. I bought that game twice! This game...is not that game. It takes away a lot of fun strategy and excitement, replacing it with 3D animated sequences that kind of jar you away from your location on the map. Honestly, it's all well executed, it's just all the new and changed things are so contrived and don't make it more fun, but the opposite.Also, there's a tutorial you have to play to start. For Pac-Man. Shouldn't be necessary, for a game like Pac-Man."
76561198054549130,Not Recommended,441380,30536995,Posted: 15 March,all,Latvic,"Compared to the original game this is quite a disappointment. The devs really tried with this one but some of the new game mechanics feel completely forced, and eventually backfire, making it a really frustrating experience. While the first game relied on skill, this one is often defined by chance, especially with that idiotic ""innovation"" to chase the ghost chain from the head."
76561198005857117,Recommended,441380,27213796,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,CptMunta,"The first 40 mins of this game are meh.-Argh whats with all these ""features""-Bumping ghosts sucks-This game doesn't flow as well as the last oneBut give it some time, unlock Adventure mode and you definitely get in to the groove of this game. The pattern and flow of the optimal path becomes clear and the objectives give you a clear direction.Not as good as the last Pac Man. But still, a bloody good Pac-Man game."
,Recommended,441380,34441169,Posted: 23 August,all,IMagnumWolf,Visuals are great and the gameplay is okay.Just wasn't all that compared to Pac-Man Championship Edition DX+.
,Recommended,441380,25497695,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,PhazonMadness,"Did you play Pacman Championship DX? Did you enjoy it?Good. Throw that all away, and rewrite the rulebook!...Well, not quite. Championship 2 changes the gameplay from the previous iteration substantially, remixing several rules and map designs, in an effort to help players maximize their scores. And after all the time I've played DX, I love these changes!Hard to say much this early on, but with a kickass soundtrack, fresh visuals, and a new take on the old yellow pellet cruncher, this is gonna become a new favorite of mine8.5/10(Edit. Why is m-uncher blocked?)"
76561198071112192,Recommended,441380,25517708,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,ZeHatsu,"I'm a big fan of pop in pop out arcade games (following the single player FPS) and the Pac-Man championship series has always been my favourite in the ""genre""It's a great example of how to correctly modernise a classic and this sequel is no exception.And now for my critiqueI give it's Feel a 9/10: It's full of hitstops, satisfying camera angles and other nice things, my only problem is it doesn't have screen shake.I give its Graphics and asethetics an 8/10: It's a very nice blend of 2D sprites and 3D models and looks like the 1980's like all of the other Championship games.I give its Gameplay an 8/10: Eating ghost trains is really enjoyable.I give its Sound a 10/10: It's really satisfying.I give this game an 8.5/10 in the end."
,Recommended,441380,25567781,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Misery,"Well, I'm doing another review/explanation already.  This being another ""first impressions"" sort... normally I dont like doing that sort, but every now and then I come across a game that I gain an immediate understanding of, having played similar games, and also just being able to see the sheer potential behind the game's mechanics even early on.  This is one of those games.First off, if you havent played the previous two games, let me just start off by saying this:  This isnt going to play like the old Pac-Man games.  Yes, there are still dots to eat, fruits and pellets to grab, and ghosts to avoid/chase.  But the similarities end there.  ....yet without the game losing that special ""feel"" of Pac-man in general.The first thing you'll notice is that the game starts you off with a multi-section tutorial.  That's right.  A tutorial for freaking Pac-Man.  And you'll need it, to make sure you understand ALL of the game's mechanics fully.  There is... quite alot of stuff going on here, and plenty of concepts that sure as heck didnt exist way back when.  Trains?  Bombs? And Pac-Man having brakes, like a car?  What?  But these loopy things make the game what it is.Firstly, the trains.  Like in Pac-Man games of old, your classic Ghost buddies are here to zoom around like a bunch of deranged rainbow bees, making your life difficult.  Unlike in old games though, they have a new trick.  There are little green ghosts that appear around the mazes; these guys do not move at all, until you get close, at which point they'll wake up and leap towards one of the main ghosts.  When they hit that ghost, they'll become a little mini clone of them, and just sort of hang around, lining up, eventually creating a very long ""Ghost Train"".  This will happen with all four Ghosts at once.  You'll have four Ghosts that are more than what they always used to be, now taking up a ton of space at once, being more like giant snakes than the usual Ghosts.  The good thing is, Ghosts dont kill you on contact anymore.  Instead, depending on what difficulty mode you're playing on, when you hit a Ghost, you'll sorta bounce off of them. Hit them a couple of times in succession, and the Ghost will sort of leap into the air, switch to a larger, angrier form, and then dive back into the maze with increased speed (and his damn train).  When in this state, THEN they can kill you.  However, you need this to happen sometimes.  Bouncing off of ghosts slows you down, which in a scoring-focused game with a timer, is never good.  Depending on what's going on and where you are in the maze, it's sometimes a very good idea to bounce off of them quickly, causing them to leap up.... which also gets them out of your way.  Knowing when to let this happen and when to avoid it is important.Ghost trains do one other thing though, which is affect power-pellet scoring.  Power pellets dont appear in the corner of the mazes anymore, and they dont appear in every maze, either.  I suppose I should explain the mazes here, actually, before the pellets.  Each maze is it's own self-contained thing as you'd expect.  In each one, there are alot of dots to gobble, typically lined up in such a way that they show an ""optimal"" path through the stage.  As a rule, you want to try to follow that path, to get all the dots efficiently.  As you gobble them, this meter at the bottom of the screen fills up.  When it maxes out, a fruit target appears in the center, under the Ghost Box, and grabbing that fruit ends that maze and zooms you and the Ghosts to the next (with the Ghosts keeping their trains).  Missing dots in a maze lowers the per-dot score counter by quite a bit, so you really want to avoid that.  After a few mazes, instead of a fruit target you'll get a Power Pellet.  Grab this, and, well... you know what happens.  But, this time with trains!  Ghosts tend to have a very high speed in this mode, and, what's worse, the trains cant be gobbled directly; you'll just repeatedly bounce off of them like you're hitting a wall.  To eat them, you have to specifically hit the lead ghosts, at which point you'll get the entire train.  Ghosts have rules about where they can move during this mode, which the game will explain to you, and understanding the maze, the ""line"", and the rules behind the Ghost movements here is the key to catching them quickly.  Do so, and you'll get a big ton of points, depending on how long the trains are.  Trains really are worth HUGE amounts of points, but this game divides everything up quite nicely as scoring goes.  Every element of the scoring system is important, and understanding it is important too. It's balanced well.In addition to all of that stuff, Pac-man has 3 things he can do:  Firstly, yes, brakes.  You can hit X to come to a complete stop, which is something he was incapable of in the original games without hitting a wall.  This can be important to keep from hitting an angry Ghost as it zooms by, or something like that.  Secondly, you can ""wall grind"", where you sort of press against a wall, grinding sparks along it, causing Pac-man to turn much faster when you reach the intersection... this can be important both for increasing speed around the maze, and also for dodging stuff.  Lastly, you have Bombs.  That's right, bombs, as in shmup bombs.  In that genre, they effectively ""reset"" the screen by clearing it of bullets.  In this, they do a similar thing, getting you out of tight spots by launching you back to the starting position instantly.  These have multiple uses, which you'll figure out as you go, but suffice it to say, they are important.And you'll have to keep all of this stuff in mind as you go, which is difficult, as the game gets chaotic fast.   The ""linear"" nature of the dot trail makes it sound like the game is going to be purely about memorization and such, and that it'll be easy to just repeat the motions.  In the previous game, this was somewhat true.  But this time?  Nooooooope.  Things are bloody chaotic as hell, and the Ghosts WILL find ways to screw you up, knocking or forcing you off of the path, at which point you'll have to improvise, and that's when things get really interesting.  This will happen very frequently, because the game is lightning-fast, and it's easy to make mistakes, and hard to track the Ghosts' movements.  And with the trains and the green ghosts (who you CAN run into and bounce off of, they take a moment before they leap to join trains, so they can screw you up too), and the bouncing mechanic confusing you and all sorts of stuff and the maze always changing.... honestly, the only other genre I find so chaotic is the bullet-hell genre.  Which I suppose this is like, except the bullets line up in those deranged conga lines and chase you around.  It's a purely skill-based game, and one that is entirely designed for replaying and practicing on.  This is NOT a game to buy if you dont like playing games for score, because that's literally the entire point of the game, just like how it was with the old arcade games.  The best players will spend a huge number of hours playing something like this.There are many different mazes to pick from, and various difficulty modes too.  There's ""single train"" mode, where there's only one Ghost (Blinky) running around, making for a somewhat easier/casual way to play (and learn the mazes).  There's ""regular"", which involves all four Ghosts/trains running around, and which also speeds things up and is very chaotic.  And then there's ""extreme"" which is like pushing a button that says ""I LOVE DYING, KILL ME PLEASE!""...I'm out of space here.  Suffice it to say though, I think this is a fantastic game, but it really is mostly just for those that love playing arcade-style games for score.  If you like that idea though, as I do... this is the game for you.  You'll get a TON of value out of this one."
,Not Recommended,441380,28837346,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,DarkBoolen,"It's sad they totally screwed up the feeling from the first game with this sequel. The first CE was so good at doing everything right. It was fast but still very predictable what was going on. You can easily get drawn in, ignore your surroundings, focus, and get this strange Zen like state with the first game that the 2nd CE never seems to accomplish.The problem in my opinion is that CE2 is just to distracting, yea it's fast like CE1 but so are the ghost, and this is the problem. The ghost just become completely distracting, pulling you out of the Zen like feel that you want to get lost in.I understand from a developer perspective they want to keep things the same but at the same time they have to change things up a little or people will complain is too similar. But in this situation they shook it up a little to much it looks like the first game but it just doesn't play enough like it in away that you want it too. The big problem is that the way it's released makes it hard to not compare the the better CE1, and I'm sure that wasn't what they where going for.The ghost are way too visible, the trail is always in the way, even the controls just don't seem as tight as the 1st CE. PAC-MAN is just frustratingly hard to keep track of which runs the Zen like feel of CE1. This game is just so so in the end. Ignore this and get CE1, It's far superior then this mess. If you own CE1 and want to give this a try go ahead be my guest, the team obviously tried, they just came up short."
,Not Recommended,441380,25940238,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,CTRL+FU,"Bad... Compared to the first CE*I'm rating this negative in comparison to the first CE game. If this was the only one out there, I might go positive. But it's not*This game is not horrible, but it in no way lives up to how great the first CE was. The changes are generally bad and lead to a more boring game (compared to CE). Who wants a PAC-MAN game where you can touch ghosts and not die? That's what the bombs in CE were for. Dropping it to get out of those tight spots was key. The ghost trains in this one don't give the satisfaction that the originals did, and I never even bother with bombs because you can touch the ghosts multiple times anyway.All in all, if you want a ""different"" PAC-MAN game, get this. But if you're choosing between this and the first CE, DEFINITELY get that over this one."
,Not Recommended,441380,26723954,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Kit Sovereign,"Compared to PAC-MAN CE DX+, its predecessor: I'm not impressed. Partly the little things: no windowed mode; unskippable tutorial; high performance requirements. But also the big things.In CE DX+, I liked winding my way through a non-random course and improving my path through it. I liked how misusing bombs/pellets or missing fruits would make your mistakes pile up. With the changes it made to the board, to power-ups, to the ghost trains, CE 2 just no longer has the things I liked about CE DX+.It's still PAC-MAN. It's still an audiovisual treat. But I can't even appreciate it as a ""zone-out"" game; the new elements of chasing ghost trains and power-ups makes it too overwhelming and frustrating for me. You might like it, but I can't recommend this over the first one."
,Not Recommended,441380,26393450,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Skell,"Very poor compared to Pac-Man Championship Edition DX+.Currently, the game is unplayable due to a bad update which broke a lot of functionality with the Xbox One controller. Currently, the left analog stick on the Xbox One Controller doesn't accurately control Pac-Man correctly: There's a 60% chance that he'll go in a random or opposite direction of where you send him.The game also is severely lacking in options. There's no graphics options (not even a borderless window mode, that the first game had), and the only configurable options appear to be rumble and sound, which is equally unacceptable.There's a mandatory 10 minute tutorial which feels wholly unnecessary, considering this is Pac-Man, a very simple game.Overall, the bugs and lack of options make this game a non-starter compared to the first game. Pick up CE DX+ instead.EDIT: Namco has made the situation worse by apparently claiming that diagonal movement isn't recognized by the game (presumably a bug) but apparently that's our fault because ""your moves must be precise.""Please just don't buy this game. The developer response to clear bugs is wholly unacceptable."
,Recommended,441380,25503386,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,PaperThick,"A cautious thumbs up here.  Lots of changes in this game compared to its predecessor making it play similar yet completely different all at the same time.  Provided all the moving parts work well together this is obviously a good thing, being too iterative kills many a game.Liking the new ghost mechanics.  Instead of playing the slow motion ""sidewalk waltz"" you get to bop your way around which feels much more fluid and satisfying.The idea of having to hunt ghost chains also adds fun via variability.  Except when you're forced to nab them with surgical precision to extend a very short mission timer in certain modes...that can be the antithesis of fun.Also liking the fact that bombs can (and should) be used tactically and actually critical to attaining high scores.  Quite a change of mindset!Still trying to decide if I like the idea of levels always funneling you the same spot in order to proceed.Not sure about the controls, using an Xbox One Wireless controller and definitely had a period of adjustment.  Nothing outright wrong with them, just the momentum seems different than Championship Edition DX.  Found PAC-MAN motionlessly staring at walls more than I'd like while getting used to them.Also, while not critical to enjoyment, the presentation overall is quite bland.  The silence outside of the action can be deafening."
,Recommended,441380,25576978,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Choc_Salties,"Amazing game, plays like a dream. Now just waiting for the mobile edition!One caveat - recommend that you're drunk alot of coffee prior to playing as this game gets really really REALLY fast!"
,Recommended,441380,26915237,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Fast-Wild,"Great game. Many people complaining that its too different than the original, or that it completely conflicts with the original's idea that one hit has to be fatal, but I honestly dont see those as valid complaints. It does not have to follow the rules of previous games as it is its own thing, and if you prefer the old style, the old games are not going anywhere, so just play those instead.Pac-man Championshop Edition 2 sets out to deliver a fresh yet familiar gameplay experience with new mechanics that drastically change up the formula, but are still are fun in their own right. If you're a pac-man fan and are accepting of a few changes, this game is definetly worth a shot."
,Recommended,441380,30477889,Posted: 12 March,all,YershiBear,"I highly reccommend this game to anyone who is good with quick reactions, a whole lot of patience, and those who love PAC-MAN. Seriously, though, this game is INSANE. There are a few changes from PAC-MAN Championship Edition DX+, such as each ghost on the screen being able to have its own train. Also, they follow certain routes when you get that Power Pellet. You also don't die the instant you bump into a ghost this time, but instead it takes a few bumps to get them angry. When that happens, the ghost jumps into the air and you can travel under it, but as soon as you bump into an angry ghost, you die and they all go back to the center. Also, now the Fruits / Bell / Key... things... now appear in a set spot which varies slightly from map to map. Speaking of maps, they're no longer split into two halves AND you don't need to collect all the Pac-Dots to move on. (This doesn't apply when you get far into a Score Attack map, though.) Collecting all Pac-Dots rewards you with Bombs, which now send you back to the center instead of sending the Ghosts back to the center.PROS: This game is flat-out addicting and fun. It's also fast-paced as HECK, especially in the Extreme mode for each map. The graphics are also pretty sweet, and... OH MY GOD THE MUSIC. The music, to me, is hands down the BEST part of this game. There's also an adventure-like mode with giant Ghosts as bosses (coupled with the BEST song in all of the game), and you even get a special prize for completing the adventure mode all the way! Also, for those who REALLY liked the Championship DX+ music, all of that returns in this game as well, except for the two non-PAC-MAN songs (the Dig Dug and the Rally X songs, to be exact). There's also much more customization, with many more mazes, some new skins, much more music, and even the camera angle and the background used while playing! I find this to be a nice 5-minute-burner if I'm REALLY bored, too. There's also a tutorial mode for the beginners.CONS: Let me start with this: THIS GAME IS DIFFICULT. Like I said earlier, it's incredibly fast paced, namely in Score Attack's Extreme mode, and it can be incredibly hard to control if your reactions are slow. Also, the amount of lives and Bombs you have now count towards your final score as well, so dying is MUCH more problematic than it was in PAC-MAN Championship Edition DX+. Each life / bomb is worth ten / one thousand points (respectively), stacking with more lives. (I.E. the first life counted is 10000 points, the second is 20000, and so on. It may cap out at 100000 points per life if you somehow get 10+ lives in Score Attack, but I haven't done that yet. Bombs work similarly, just the first Bomb is 1000, the next is 2000, until it caps out after 10 bombs at 10000 per Bomb.) If you die, not only do you lose out on a lot of points, but the value of Pac-Dots instantly resets to 1. (If you don't collect all Pac-Dots in a stage, the value only goes down by a maximum of 99, but this isn't too big of a deal if you know what you're doing.) Also, bumping into ghosts pushes you back a bit, which may cause you to mess up. Then, when you Power Up, sometimes the Ghosts can be VERY difficult to catch depending on the map. You also cannot eat multiple Ghost Trains at one time, which, TRUST ME, THIS WILL HAPPEN A LOT. Also, the camera changes when you start eating a ghost, which can throw you off-guard when the camera returns to normal. Plus, this is more of a minor issue, but if you prepare to enter a turn too early and there's an opening, you'll slingshot into that opening. This can cut a lot of points off if you're not careful.All in all, this game is very fun for those who actually give it a try. I mean, who doesn't love competetive, fast-paced PAC-MAN? WITH ONLINE LEADERBOARDS?"
76561198002124849,Recommended,441380,25540247,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Fou-Lu,"WELCOME TO CRACK-MAN. So good.This isnt just CE, or even CE DX+ with remixed stages and flashier effects, this is a new level of game.Every aspect of design of CE was carefully considered, reconsidered, and re-implemented in a fresh, fun, exciting way. Bamco has outdone themselves yet again.Pros:+NEW PAC-MAN GAMEPLAY. Responsive and beautiful.+Fast as hell+Smooth as butter+Bug-free+Competitive, professional, near e-sports feel+Cheap as dirtNegatives:-Loss of sleepSo freaking worth it."
,Recommended,441380,25579370,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Kistaro,"Pac-Man CE 2 is a ridiculous game.Pac-Man CE 2 is also a much better game than the game that came before it. Pac-Man CE DX wasn't much of a Pac-Man game, since there was very little evasion or planning to the game; it was a game of executing a preplanned run through a maze as quickly as possible, and the game mechanics punished any deviation from the obvious route.CE2 manages to bring back a lot more of the evasion mechanics. Wandering ghost trains are much more difficult to work around than one that follows Pac-Man, as they are more difficult to control and manipulate. We've lost the ""ghost duplication"" mechanic, but it was never a profitable strategy anyway.So as bizarre as the game looks, it's still more Pac-Man than Pac-Man CE DX ever was, with a higher skill cap as a result. Bizarre as the game looks, its game-design choices are superior to its predecessor.Hopefully the glitches will get ironed out - it doesn't handle my XBOX One controller correctly, but it does just fine with a 360 controller."
,Recommended,441380,25714491,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Therr,"Very fun and enjoyable, but I ponder if its worth the money, even thoughit has a lot more content than the first one has and to me  it is slightly inferiorto the first one, and does not instill the same amountof vigor into the player with the music and feel when the game speeds up whichis a big part of the game."
,Recommended,441380,27263629,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jansai,"Pac-Man ChampionShip edition 2Overall Namco did a good job bringing back pac-man back into the gaming world, was it the better than its past games? ehhh a little bit.Having played ChampionShip edition 1 on both xbox and mobile device I can say that I prefer edition 1Gameplay-----------Tutorial-.Teaches you the new way of how to play this game, it isnt like edition 1 so you might as well try do it.(The game doesn't let you do anything else until you have completed this, which is nice I guess)-Adventure-.Sort of a pass time thing to do if yer not in the mood to get highscores, although it looks hard at first trying to get all the stars to get the boss it is actully fairly easy. The double tapping here comes to power to show you how much of a joke you can take on the missions on even on hard mode. The bosses can be a bit annoying to handle but overall is easy to maneuver around it.-Score Attack-.The biggest reason on why would you even bother to buy this game in the first place, no like seriously if you don't even try to play this mode then go refund the game.Pretty basic as it is: Combo Ghost, collect fruit, don't die..Personally I don't like the new mechanic they added with the ghosts, before it used to be just keep the combo going and you will get increased score. But now each ghost has its own combo and the max you can get is 6000 where before you can just keep going and going which gets you mad score..Double tapping saves you so many times here.Bombs are nice to have but not in a way it was meant to be, I think namco wanted it to be more of a ""opps I ♥♥♥♥ed up"" but instead its like ""rush fruit and next lane we go"".Getting to top 50 records yer play, which is nice to have incase you want to study some route you didn't do right or maybe planning a new route to increase speed and score. Also it shows something I hate from playing this game which is the next thing..Hackers.............like seriously why even bother to hack this game in the first place for a highscore, theres only a few don't worry just give it roughly 4 - 5 months. Unless namco decides to actully clean up the scores and not leave us like edition 1 highscores. If there scores looks awfully suspicious (like 10,000,000) then look at the recording, clearly if you dont see them trying nor getting a certain score at a certain time then its a hacker..Also can I say and this probably goes for everyone, but I really hate the ♥♥♥♥ing 1-up placements they come at the most random♥♥♥♥♥moments. I sometimes memorized on which stage they pop up but noooooo they decide to pop when I eat all the ghosts and they come at the last ♥♥♥♥ing second as soon as I get my fruit.Other-------OST-jesus.............words can not define how catchy it is. They brough in probably the most rave music into pacman, aswell edition 1's ost. Thers a slight problem with the stages and the music though, at time lets say you lag a bit or have a very low fps then the music will not end on point when the stage ends which bugs me a bit. But please and I say please, listen to the soundtrack its as good as edition 1PAC-MAN Championship Edition 2 OST~ Thanks to Ray Koopa for posting the music :)-Presentation-The main menu looks boring but when getting into the game (Score Attack) everything opens up, you get to choose what you want..Background.Models.Music.Route ColorAnd they all look sooooo pretty you can make the game look like classic pacman to pacman on lsd-Overall-While many people say that this game doesn't live up to its much more successful brother edition 1 I say give it a try. But if you like the old edition and the old pacman then stay away from this.6/10- Would ♥♥♥♥ing yell at clyde again for going the wrong ♥♥♥♥ing route I hoped he would go"
,Recommended,441380,25491486,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,coten,"at the very, very launch of the game, there is no controller customization, and the game can't seem to close properly (???). hopefully those issues get adressed soon.also, before you decide to pick this game up, be sure to take a peek at the system requirements. this game is deceptively graphics intensive and there are no options to tweak in the game itself - either you can run it or you can't. which sucks.all that aside, having a gaming computer and ignoring the current issues - pretty good game! i think that it falls flat on being a successor to Championship Edition DX, but this stands out on its own when compared to it. the ghost-bumping mechanic keeps things moving pretty quickly by letting you knock ghosts out of the way (with the tradeoff being that they will become lethal for a few seconds), the Bomb Jump is a really nice rework of Bombs which lets you use them as part of a scoring strategy as opposed to a last-resort option or ghost-stacking tool, and there's a pretty good amount of customization options to unlock, including a lot of cool new music tracks (and returning tracks from DX!)my nitpicks - Single Train mode has ""fake"" ghosts that can't be knocked out of the way which are very frustrating to run into, spotting ""angry"" ghosts in the crowd of trains is difficult, and chasing down trains while powered-up often feels like a guessing game unless you find just the right spot (that last bit is probably down to people's strategies, though). also, the 10-minute forced tutorial is really unnecessary, like, wow.in short: lots of problems, and not really as good as CE DX, but still a quite fine score attack game."
,Recommended,441380,25515758,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,PacDan16,"Let me get this out of the way first: Bandai Namco needs to patch this game first to make it fully compatiable for a wider variety of other people's computers. There is launching, loading, and other errors that prohibit others from enjoying the game, to the point where it won't even start up. This needs to be addressed, as this is not an entirely ""cheap"" game with it's $12.99 price tag.Now that I got that out of the way, let me get to the good stuff.This game is awesome! I'm enjoying it very much so far, aside for the fact that it doesn't work with my own computer, which annoys me to some degree. I have to play it on a more powerful computer, which runs it almost perfectly fine.The gameplay itself is fun to play through, and the keyboard controls are solid, and easy to pick up on. I am hearing of some controller issues...well, a lot of them, and that is unacceptable and needs to be addressed as soon as possible.As of now, this game is excellent, you should definitely check it out, but be extremely cautious about your computer's specifications before you purchase and install this game.Thanks for reading and check out my website at www retro game blogger . net !(I am a HUGE Pac-Man fan, and I own Pac-Man Championship, PMC DX+, and other titles in the series. I know how this series works and I am really impressed with this sequel after the excellent critical reception this series has got in the past.)"
,Recommended,441380,26819566,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Trevor Jr,This game is as fun as the first one. Plus now Pacman randomly goes 3D every now and then for no reason other than to look cool. I'm sold.
,Recommended,441380,27366371,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Persephone,If you are a fan of the earlier Championship Edition games then you MUST buy this one. It is just as addicting as the earlier iterations and now has even more crazy ghost chomping mayhem!
,Recommended,441380,29925656,Posted: 14 February,all,lucidique,"A very different beast compared to the first opus, Championship Edition 2 is the game you did not know you craved. More than ever, this is about speed and planning. The game eases you in with a longer than usual tutorial and sets you trough some rather fun, if a bit easy levels in succession. The later bits are absolutely unforgiving and requires you to not only plan your route as soon as a grid transitions, but also to be aware of hazards at all time.Fantastic title and a must buy for pac-man or arcade games in general!"
76561198081873458,Recommended,441380,25823964,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,"Crisp 'n, Clean",The music doesn't loop so half the time there is no stage music. Please fix.
76561198022657661,Not Recommended,441380,25965686,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Harrison Ford,"Note: I bought Championship Edition DX, and Championship Edition 2 both at the same time for comparison's sake this weekend.  If you want the quick version, I would say skip Championship 2 and stick with DX.  DX is cheaper and more fun, while CE2 feels watered down in comparison.Pros:Fun musicColorful graphicsEasy to pick up and playResponsive controls (Xbox 360 controller)Cons:Unskippable tutorial is terrible; a lot of the things that are taught in the tutorial can be learned by just playing the game.Boring unlocksDoesn't ""hook"" you like Championship Edition DX didEating the Ghost Train doesn't feel as satisfying as it did in DX.Feels very ""rote.""Overall, it feels like a step back from Championship Edition DX.  I bought both of them at the same time this weekend, and I liked DX much, much better because it was more fun and accessable.  Plus, it taught you how to play the game by just playing the game; no annoying (and unskippable) tutorials!"
,Not Recommended,441380,29011397,Posted: 4 January,all,StripedStocking,"This game is so completely terrible in comparison to the first one,  nothing is enjoyable about it. The controls are crap, I have a delay/pause on every single corner I want to turn and I don't have that problem with the first game. The newly added game ideas and ""improvements"" are awful...It's like they managed to screw up by changing everything that made the original so great. Will be asking for a refund."
,Not Recommended,441380,25682766,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Anema86,"There's only one question that matters: how does it compare to Championship Edition DX? This is the only question that matters because this should not be anyone's entry or re-entry into the series. If someone out there hasn't played Pac-Man since its days in the arcade, Champion Edition DX is in order, not this game. So, how does it compare for those of us who are continuing on from DX?Poorly.It alarmed me when I started the game and tried to go to Time Attack, only to find it locked. It said I had to complete the Tutorial first. A tutorial? In Pac-Man? ""Move the circle guy and eat the dots. Have fun."" is all the tutorial such a game needs. Why on Earth did it become unacceptable to let the player muddle through a few times while they figure out the mechanices, especially in arcade-style games, where a bad run will cause a player to lose no overall progress and only a few minutes of their time? But not only is there a tutorial--it's a FORCED tutorial.Designed for stupid people, too, with easily decipherable pictograms there to show the player what it means when it says ""Ghosts.""Can I ask--why are we acting like these sleeping ghosts that only become active when you move by them, and then begin following the ghost train, are a new mechanic? That's not new. That was in DX. Once more, the sleeping minions are not a new addition to the series.There isn't a lot to be said in favor of CE2. It overcomplicates where it isn't necessary, changing things simply for the sake of changing them. Bombs now return the player to the spawn point. Why? So that using a bomb becomes a penalty? Not only do you now lose a bomb, you also lose your momentum. In fact, it's probably better to die in these cases, since the difference in points is only 9000--in a game where scores are in the millions--and at least then you will pick back up right where you were when things go south. If you use a bomb, you'll keep your life, but you'll have to travel all the way back to where you were. You probably lose just as much time using the bomb as you would if you simply died and respawned.Ghost trains are an irritating mechanic, because each ghost is part of a train. There will be several times where you'll be munching down on one chain only to have another chain overlap--do you get a double bonus, and continue on devouring the second chain? Nope. It just goes right by you.The slowly evolving levels of DX were much better than this one. In DX, each board was split into halves, and each half could be changed by getting one of the two pieces of fruit. Doing this changed the layout of the map and refreshed the dots, and you had to react to the changes on the fly. Not so here! Grabbing the fruit interrupts the gameplay as Pac-Man leaps down to the next board. So instead of having the stage slowly evolve as you gather fruit, you just leap from one board to the next and are slapped back in its center every time.My biggest complaint, though, is that CE2 just isn't as clever. DX was almost perfectly designed. If you played without mistakes, you would see that you were just a pixel ahead of a ghost; if you played perfectly, you could see how smart the design was. Skidding around corners, saving fractions of a second in random places, and doing it perfectly yielded almost frame perfect success. It was great. Here, that's not present. Even if you play a portion perfectly, you'll end up smacking straight into a ghost--who only kill you if they ""become angry"" by having you bump into them a few times. There have been a few times where I noticed that I encountered problems precisely because I didn't make a mistake, as though the bar had been lowered and the maps designed for people who didn't pre-turn or whatever it's called in Pac-Man.""Babies' Edition"" would be more appropriate, given the pictograms, the constant slowing and stopping of the gameplay to let the player catch up, the interruptions to the maps so that the player can breathe. I'm currently reinstalling DX. If you want Pac-Man, then Championship Edition DX is the game for you. This one is alright, but it's not more than that."
,Recommended,441380,25535012,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,May,"Championship Edition 2 is one that fans of the original and DX will take some time getting used to, but will find another pretty fun modernisation of the classic Pac-Man gameplay, yet one that is also pretty flawed.The main gameplay is largely the same; collect pellets, eat power pellet, eat a ton of ghosts. There are small difference though, the main one being that ghosts don't instantly kill you on impact. Instead, you bump into them. While this changes your strategy, it more often than not throws you off course. However, the game's pace is slightly faster than that of the previous CE games, so getting back on track isn't too bad, unless you're in mad ""score-attack"" mode.Most of the maps are pretty good with some exceptions personally (I hate Jumping quite a lot as there's no indication where the pads will take you, not even a subtle one, so to do well in this map, it's a lot of trial and error). The range of difficulties are nice, but I wish that there was the option to play a 10-minute version without it being a practise mode. Hopefully this gets added in.Luckily, while I don't understand why the requirements are so high for Pac Man (and apparently you need them), if you can run it, it generally runs smoothly with no real hic-cups, which is vital for a twitchy game like this. Though the controls seem a bit off for me. Might be getting used to the pace, might be the game itself, not sure.Overall though, I'd easily say that Championship Edition 2 is one to get if you love score-attack games, retro reimaginings done right and a great soundtrack to dance along to. If you want the best CE game though, I'd still have to point in the direction of DX. CE 2 isn't a bad choice though, not by a long shot."
,Recommended,441380,25505452,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,RangerPretzel,"Saw a review of it on Ars Technica and thought I'd pick it up. Wow. It's as fun as I'd hoped. Very fast paced, but the new game mechanics are a nice update to an old classic. My inner 10 year old is extremely happy!  :)"
,Recommended,441380,25521201,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Silver Nova,"This game takes everything from the original Pac-Man Championship Edition and DX and improves on them in almost every way.The pacing is a bit faster than the original and the ghost behavior is a bit more challenging than in DX. It also includes a variety of new modes including a challenge mode with bosses.The visuals and the music are both incredible, including every song from DX as well as several new ones.Overall, the game is very enjoyable and I would highly reccomend it."
76561198023457849,Recommended,441380,28661112,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,nWo4Life,Old school and awesome.
76561197965282243,Recommended,441380,28548719,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Hatch,"This is a very fun Pac-Man game. It's high-paced and challenging but still easy enough for anyone to enjoy.  This one is similar to Pac-Man Championship DX but with better effects and different gameplay (like bumping ghosts, powerups).  Like on DX, it allows you to customize the maze, background, camera angle, and ghosts.  Some features have to be unlocked to use.  Overall it's a great Pac-Man game.Pros:Classic and new at the same time.Music and graphicsGameplayCustomizationsCons:None"
,Recommended,441380,35053133,Posted: 18 September,all,Magelit3,"I can say the game is alright. Tutorial is use useful but it does not have to be 11 levels, they could have mix 5 objectives in one level to reduce to at least 5-8 levels in tutorial levels and then thats where the fun begins. I do crave for fast paced, difficulty adjustable and aderline filled games. If you want a aderline filled Namco arcade game, I recommend buying Pac Man: Championship Edition DX+"
76561198064580796,Recommended,441380,35225695,Posted: 26 September,all,Chodewick,not as good as DX+ but still a lot of fun eye candy
,Recommended,441380,25500971,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Deranged 101,"SummaryAs an owner of this game's predecessor,I am not disappointed at all with what was delivered.Incredibly frantic gameplay (especially when you get really fast), thumping music that just works brilliantly with your dot-munching craze, and the new gameplay mechanics (breaking, bomb-jumping) top off a game that will make chasing for the high-score that much more satisfying.About the ""Hardware Requirements"" QuestionI've had no lag, crashes, or any other slowdown issues, though I imagine what I have in my rig helps a great deal:CPU: Intel Core i7 4770K @ 3.50GHzVideo Card: AMD Radeon R9 280X (3GB GDDR5)Memory: 16GB RAMUnfortunately, there are no true graphic control options in the game, so we can only work with the requirements listed by BANDAI, which are really high for a game in this Championship series."
,Recommended,441380,25576400,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,drawknives,"Pretty fun game. It's classic Pac-Man, but with a twist!And you don't have to invest hundreds of hours into it in order to enjoy it and have fun!But if you wanted to start going for the High Scores, then you can practice!Watch out for the giant ghosts!"
,Not Recommended,441380,25997485,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Hey_Sweden,It's not poorly made overall. But they've made some choices that personally take away what CE had. The boss battle stuff and the way ghost trains work is not nearly as fun or fluid as in the previous title.
76561198086410659,Not Recommended,441380,29167311,Posted: 10 January,all,Tagmer,"its a bit of a mixed bag for me, i like that they got rid of the slowdown mechanic from DX but question the overall usefulness of bombs now that they boot you back to start. but the one thing that i highly dislike is how the music ends before the 5 minutes are up in time attack. the fact that the music doesnt loop either means im often left with over a minute and a half of silence which sometimes just throws me off."
76561197996610226,Not Recommended,441380,29435094,Posted: 22 January,all,lei07,"Pac-Man Championship 2 is filled with mechanics that we didn't ask for, want, or need. I mean... ability to bounce off ghosts? Bombs that jump you in the air? Tutorials?? It is Pac-Man for Jeebus's sake.Thankfully the gameplay isn't bad, but I cannot give this a thumbs up. Grind your teeth through the tutorials, play the game ignoring most of the new nuances and you might find it alright. PMCE DX+ was great fun, and we just wanted more of the same.If only I had tried this out closer to the time of purchase, I would have refunded it in an instant. Seriously, how can you mess up Pac-Man??"
76561198040918825,Not Recommended,441380,25735506,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Captain Freeman,"So I bought this game because I LOVED the first one...   But they took out all the mechanics/features that made that game so great (like speed and difficulty setting). Also when playing it just doesn't feel as satisfying, like when your eating ghosts and what not. It still had some stimulating visuals and good sound tracks. But it just feels like 2 steps back from the first one."
,Recommended,441380,26830758,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,RedToad64,"Building on the gameplay from the previous Pac-Man Championship Edition titles, CE2 keeps our dot-muching hero relevant in 2016 with crazy-fast reflexes and hot beats that have no reason being in an arcade game like this. If you want to get hours of your life sucked away by shooting for high-scores, then CE2 is a game for you!"
,Recommended,441380,25501883,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,DHart,"Same as CE with a few twists.Take the original CE and throw in a few wrenches and you get this.  Some features like the jumps are fun and engaging.  Others like having to chase the random running blue ghosts just adds unnecesary difficulty.The game is still a blast, even if it doesn't stand up to the greatness of the first.  The new additions make it more of a hard mode than a pure sequel."
,Recommended,441380,25498800,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Adzy,"Never thought that it'd be possible to add so much variety into a Pacman game. This is a huge step up from the first CE game, and I'm absolutely loving it so far."
,Recommended,441380,25513319,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,pinback,"A flawed but still enjoyable successor.Ultimately, I think, it is a lesser game than CE:DX+, while still being a blast. I mean, this is a formula that just works. But in CE:DX+, where seemingly every individual part of the formula works, I can't get over that the ghost-chain-eating part of CE2 does not work as well as it might have. I do not look forward to eating power pellets, which is a strange experience for a Pac-Man player. Eating a power pellet means things are about to get annoying, and there's no big sense of relief anymore either, since ghosts don't kill you when you run into them the first time anyway.The new fruit mechanic -- where you can get to it before the board is complete, which then sends you to another, different board, is also less satisfying that the liquidy left-right flow of CE:DX+, where as you complete one side, the other side recreates itself, so the action never stops to switch between boards. Though, arguably, this presents more strategic choices (i.e., when you switch boards, any ""angry"" ghosts will forget that they're ""angry"", so you can♥♥♥♥♥♥'em all off if you're about to hit the fruit and go to the next board.)It's all... interesting. And the presentation is slick and wonderful.Recommended, but if you don't have CE:DX+, get that one first."
,Recommended,441380,25499678,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,cakebrickyard,"It’s interesting that Namco is still trying to experiment with Pac-Man. After all this time, they still throw their hat into the mascot platformer ring, completely redesigning the character and building completely new worlds around him, when it seems that his relevancy still stands strong in his roots: eating dots in a maze. The original CE wasn’t my cup of tea; it really didn’t mix enough things up to justify a whole new purchase for me. CE DX was a whole new story. It was fast, and it was fun. I’m happy to say that CE 2 borrows and builds upon the mechanics introduced in DX, and feels fresh and new. Ghost chains don’t follow Pac-Man anymore, they follow the 4 main ghosts, and you can only eat chains if you start with the main ghosts in front. I had an issue with this until I figured out the CE DX+ is still in my library and I can just go back and play that if I want that experience.Controller support is weird. I read other reviews about the xbone controller not working, and to my dismay, it doesn’t. Keyboard works fine, but it’s inexcusable for controller support to be incomplete. Game runs perfectly fine for me, but I have a powerful pc. Seems as though the system requirements are higher than they should be, so if you have a decent computer you should be safe.The things that bug me about this game are technical, and should be patched soon hopefully. Other than that it’s a fantastic game that I really enjoy. It’s also cheap for all of the content it has.If you loved the first game, you’ll love this."
,Recommended,441380,25503352,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,RetroNutcase,"It's Pac-Man. Different in some ways, yes. But it's still Pac-Man.Really, I shouldn't need to say anything else."
,Recommended,441380,25511902,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,a_guy_playing,Finally! A Pac-Man game worth waiting for
,Not Recommended,441380,26417047,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,BILL,"If you like anal, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and ghosts being absoulte♥♥♥♥♥♥♥to you with their long train ghosts buy this game otherwise don't cause Namco Bandai are the same as the ghosts they won't fix this game cause they are absoulte ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.Until they fix the issues with the game itself, I just can't even recommend this game."
76561198072296237,Recommended,441380,25807236,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,DeathoftheEndless7,"Pac-Man Championship Edition 2 is a worthy entry in the series, introducing creative new mechanics and challenges. While not quite as good as the previous games, Namco does another great job at adding new spins on the franchise and making something entirely new and fresh."
,Recommended,441380,26092445,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,TheAmazingRayman,"Absolutely awesome. Getting the Power Pellet and chomping a huge line of ghosts gets more and more satasfying each time.There are plenty of modes too keep you busy, and you can even unlock a mission mode.The main thing I'd like to see added to this game would be some sort of online multiplayer mode."
,Recommended,441380,26140789,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Pinko Scum,"First of all, I have had no problems with any glitches in this game. Also, my xbox controller works perfectly with it.PAC-MAN CE2 is a great modern update of Pac-Man with some cool new features and a bunch of cool levels.Is it as good as Pac-Man CE DX? No.Is it fun to play and worth the cash? Yes."
,Recommended,441380,30000848,Posted: 17 February,all,W.A. the Anum,"Now thats what i call a good & new Pac-Man!I played a lot Pac-Man games. I guess i also own a lot on steam. I own Namco Museum vol 1-5 and Namco Museum Collection on the PS2 - Hell i even created a OWN Pac-Man Game! (if you want, go play it here online:http://watheanum.deviantart.com/art/BIG-GAME-UPDATE-Another-Pac-Man-1-10-655561651)So i can really say, i know a bit about Pac-Man games. Since i loved to play CE+, i thought about to check out CE2 and man, its getting better and better...The Music is kinda the same, still ""groovy and nice"" and they actually add the old tracks from CE+ into the game. The style is now more ""real 3d"" insteed of just ""sprite 3d"" art. Still, that doesnt change that this Pac-Man is just great.It actually is a bit easier since you can now bump ones into a ghost before it gets angry and begins to follow you (at least in the normal modes...). Next to this, The bombs here in CE2 working not like the bombe in CE+, insteed of ""bombing"" the ghost train away, it blows Pac-Man back to the start-positon, which is also a bit of a change.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=806781213So is it worth it?If you enjoy(ed) Pac-Man or more the CE+ version(s), ...or youre just a retro lover,I can highly recomment it.It srs makes a lot fun, the style is just epic and worth the money. you have a lot stages to play and the soundtrack is just epic. For fans a must-buy-title."
,Recommended,441380,25932773,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,a warm glass of milk,good
76561198020453210,Not Recommended,441380,25989108,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,BlueWyvern,Controller Support is Garbage. Started questioning whether or not my Xbox One controller was not working correctly. Opened up the previous game Pac-Man Championship edition DX+ and it worked just fine. With this title it seemed as if it thought a thumbstick was stuck in a single direction. Also Annoyed that I had to leave the game open for at least 5 minutes of doing nothing to leave this review.
,Recommended,441380,25497919,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Temporary Secretary,"All of the negative reviews right now are about things not loading for them which is an invalid reason to vote the game down imo; at least not on day 1. One person gave a negative review because it turns out the minimum requirement specs were TRUE so the game wasn't running smoothly! This game should have raving reviews honestly.A great step foreward from a perfect predecessor. My favorite parts from the last game are still there: crazy speed, intense music and visuals, LEADERBOARDS. But there have been some big changes to the core game that really set this apart from CHAMP XD. I'm not going to go into them here but just know that this is a bit more than XD with new maps. Time Trial has turned into Adventure Mode, which has a boss at the end, wooooo.The game is still as frustrating as ever which is why I love it. Restarting and restarting every time the ghost AI doesn't do exactly what you want it to do, like some sadistic robot."
76561198379570680,Not Recommended,441380,34016738,Posted: 4 August,all,yndyousee,"The controls worked okay , it's just the game painfully run slow . Don't help in a PAC man game. I'll stick to playing the first championship Dx game."
,Not Recommended,441380,30018693,Posted: 18 February,all,ZugaHuga,"Five months later, still unplayable. Not a single level will load for me and the devs obviously don't care about the game enough to create a single patch.Do not buy this game - it's been abandoned."
,Recommended,441380,33358928,Posted: 7 July,all,austinthehotty,Love it.
,Recommended,441380,25590293,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,NickyDrinks,Pure amazing.
,Not Recommended,441380,25977507,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Player Formerly Known as Grizz,"Too many bugs.....get stuck on the loading screen for the level and have to restart game.  Also, can't play the game until tutorial is complete.  Pretty sure I know how to play pacman....even with the fancy new additions."
,Not Recommended,441380,34994036,Posted: 16 September,all,ingolfr,"The visual upgrade is fantastic, the music is good, but what is going on with the controls? They are so frustrating and unresponsive that I made an unintended turn about 20 times in just one Score Attack game. I find it strange something this fundamental passed playtesting from a studio this large and a franchise this large. Hopefully this is fixed with a patch, but in the meantime if I need a Pac-Man fix I'll go back to playing the first Championship Edition game (which I highly recommend)."
76561198113643069,Not Recommended,441380,32820224,Posted: 26 June,all,Mojodojo347,"If you were expecting this game to be like the 1st championship edition...then hold your horses before you think about it.Some of the mechanics aren't there so far...(Considering iv barely played the game this review might get edited here and there)When it comes to the ghosts!: You  hit them and you live..you have to ""anger"" the ghosts by bumping in them multiple times to get them ""angry"". It is easy to dodge the ghost since 1st the train isnt angry since it forms into the single ghost. Even the sleepy ghosts dont hurt you.Speed: You gradually get speed over time.Maze:You dont have to eat all of the pacpellets to progress to the next maze.(Yes the maze isnt devided so it doesnt change by itself)Correct me if im wrong this is just my little experience so far."
76561198000318945,Recommended,441380,25518326,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Trrcn,"Living with the fact that Puyo Puyo might not get any future games and that even if that happens they will never release one on PC I'm just about out of luck when it comes to fast paced Japanese arcade puzzle games (what a ridiculous string of words).  Fortunately, I'm in luck again that Bamco decided to whip up some more Pac Man that's really fun.I don't have to say anything about it in my review seeing as you know what Pac Man is and this is more of it.  Get it if you want it.EDIT:I feel I should come back at say a little about how this is probably the best pacman game I have ever played aside from the original ms.pacman machine.  It's VERY intense and you find you challenge yourself a lot.  The visuals and music add to the intense feel and make it seem you're playing in a disco.  The way the maps transitions, the speed, the chain of eating the ghosts, on and on it's a wild ride and I highly recommend it if you want an adrenal rush when it comes to a simple puzzle series."
,Recommended,441380,26628916,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Capt. Ass Burgers,"This game makes my blood pump in ways I haven't felt in a long time. An amazing update to a classic game. The music is fantastic and fits the speed of the game perfectly. The ability to change the graphics assets (similar to Pacman 256) keeps the game looking fresh. This is a masterwork of game mechanics, speed, and fun."
,Recommended,441380,26636934,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,omracer,"It was slow for me on a i3-6100 using Intel HD 530, even at 480p resolution. Until I paid £135 to get a GTX 1050 and the game runs as smooth as the console, even when recording on GameDVR and streaming at the same time. There is a bit of lag on the controller which sucks and makes that S rank harder.PROS:Nice musicFast pace like DXGhost Trains are BackCONS:No Windowed ModeNeeds to use a Desktop GPU for best playabilityBumping Ghosts rather than the slowmo effect in DX"
,Recommended,441380,28730617,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,{np} AM BUSHED!,"As a former fan of the first CE DX, I would gladly recommend this sequel to other fans.It has different mechanics than first one (angry ghosts, no slow-mo, different ""bomb"" function etc.), but it works great! After couple of hours I find myself struggling to beat scores in a slightly different way than on first CE DX.When you pick up a Power Pellet, you'll see ghosts running around in a pattern. And when you reach faster speed, it tends to be difficult to predict a movement of ghosts. You're struggling to chase them and eat them, while Pellet timer is running out - thus making these situations intense (unlike the first CE DX where your source of intense situations were to get ghost trains with less interruptions).Haven't tried adventure mode yet, frankly I'm enjoying hitting the records, leaving some trail into leaderboards. Will edit this post when I start my adventures.TL;DRFor a long time I was considering buying it, and I finally got it on sale. So far - no regrets have been made, I even enjoy in a decent sequel."
,Recommended,441380,26627822,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,zeezailor,"Pac Man CE2 is a remix of a remix. That's all there is to it. If you really enjoyed the first CE, you probably won't like how it's been changed for this game.For someone like me who felt the first game left a lot to be desired, CE2's changes make it much more fun. It feels more hectic and the new ghost train mechanic, where you eat the whole train by touching the leader as it tries to escape, is inspired.My only gripes are the adventure mode, which is just a set of dull time trials, and the 10-minute maps from the first game are now only ""practice"" maps with all challenge removed."
76561197970789401,Recommended,441380,25515207,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,lamarax,"A patch has been stealthily releasead on 28/10/2016, which has cured many of the technical problems.The very definition of a ""video game"", with some really thought through twists leading to an amazing flow.A mostly creative interpretation for the current era -a strategic take on Pac-Man if you will- this one has me better engaged than DX; the phenomenal BGM adding to the experience!The game's a steal too, compared with the pricing of -oh, so many!- ""indie""/rogue-like/action-platformer/artsy/hipster/pixel/Unity/Gamemaker/whatnot forgettable♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198213277103,Recommended,441380,32008976,Posted: 27 May,all,silverzero,Crazy Action.  Crazy Dubstep.  ACTION PAC-MAN.
,Not Recommended,441380,25681135,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,mcilrain,"Not as good as Pac-Man Championship Edition DX+ which remains the definitive ""modernized Pac-Man"" at the time of writing.Ghost train mechanic isn't fun and is inconsistent with the rules the tutorial gives you.The game takes control away from the player frequently during gameplay to play short (3000ms or less) ""cutscenes"" when ghosts are eaten or the stage is refreshed.Get Pac-Man Championship Edition DX+ instead."
76561198060839196,Not Recommended,441380,26349998,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,SchumiVettelDE,I have refunded it! It runs totaly slowly on my laptop i7 Skylake and Intel 520 graphic. It makes no sense to me to have a pacman game and can not take it with with me.
,Recommended,441380,25493117,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Fudo Myo,"Pac-Man is back! This game is legit. Just wanted to balance out the negative reviews -- this has plenty of new twists on the old formula, and the speed gets insane. Will soon be a classic like its predecessor."
,Recommended,441380,27903634,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,medibot,"incredible esports action. simple rules with rich depth thanks to interesting map design. although those who loved pac-man cedx will also probably enjoy this, do not think that this is just a map pack for cedx. there are significant changes to core mechanics that will require you to develop new skills if you want to earn high scores and optimize your runs through time attack.if you are capable of enjoying a high-speed arcade game, i recommend this game. it is mechanically, acoustically, and visually beautiful."
,Not Recommended,441380,25927163,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Edwards80,Great. . . until you get to the ghost trains. I like the changes made but the ghost trains in this version are frustrating and not a fun part of the experience. I've found myself going back to DX+ and still find that more enjoyable overallAnother issue is that it registers my arcade sticks up/down to be down/up. Have been playing with the keyboard until this is fixed...
76561197997095172,Recommended,441380,29181152,Posted: 11 January,all,Outline,"I didn't play the original, so that may skew my opinion somewhat. But this game was absolutely delightful. Fun and energising in short 5 min bursts, with a great soundtrack and considerable challenge if you're adamant about getting every star and s-rank. Let the dod-munching commence!"
,Recommended,441380,25491892,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,gameboysp13,The game's soundtrack has you dancing like you are 1960's Batman but the gameplay can make you feel like you that one guy in that hyper space scene of 2001: A Space Odyssey.
76561197978754855,Recommended,441380,31307106,Posted: 22 April,all,Sarge Forward,"My rig, in case I can't run this high tech game.  ;-)Processor Intel Core i7-6700K CPU @ 4.00GHzVideo Card NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1050, 4GBRAM G-SKILL 16 GBOS: Microsoft Windows 7 Home Premium, 64-bitHeadphones: Razer BlackShark, 7.1 (Threw this is, because with the music and sound, it makes me feel more immersed into the game).Now the review:Just started playing the game a few hours ago and opening up levels, so this is an initial review.  Bottom line: I like this sequel.  I don't have any performance issues, since I have a decent rig.Reading a few negative reviews and making fun of them.  That stated, I'm not sure what folks were expecting.  Maybe pictures of naked chicks after each level.  Don't know.  Don't care. To each their own.Plainly written, it is a solid sequel with more great music added to the original soundtrack, which wasn't removed.  Definite plus, as some games do away with origninal scores.It was worth the $15.  Some new stuff to the game like ""jumping"" can be a bit tasking, but practice makes perfect...although, in my case, it makes just better.Pros:- Continued solid flow and gameplay with this sequel to PM:CE. Seems faster also.- Added more great tunes to an already great soundtrack.- Addicting, yet relaxing, especially the ""Spiral"" levels.- Braking.  Very good idea.  Instead of going back to avoid ghosts, just stop.  Nice.Cons:- The ""jumping"" levels/feature not my favorite: I just play them to open up more levels, character forms, music, etc.  Not a bad addition for the sequel.  Just not my go-to.- The ""ghost chase"" chain, from the head.  A dumb idea.  Just get rid of it in the next update, DEVS.Other:- ""Bumping"" into the ghots until they get ""angry"".  Just odd.If you liked the first PM:CE; then I'd recommend getting this.  The price wasn't steep, especially for a continuation of new levels, music and overall replay value. A few additions thatcouldbe annoying.On to more playing..."
,Not Recommended,441380,25934086,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Shad,It feels like a broken PacMan game.I appreciate the effort for changing the rules but it doesn´t feel like PacMan anymore.
76561197997195529,Not Recommended,441380,32990810,Posted: 29 June,all,boatofcar,"I had very high hopes for this game, after putting in many hours of PMCDX. I can't remember a bigger letdown. The devs have decided to go with a slightly tilted perspective on the playfield. I don't know if this is why the controls in this game are awful, but it definitely doesn't help. Pac Man has always been about extremely tight controls, and without them the game falls apart.There are numerous other issues I have with this game. The way you chow down on the ghost train has been changed to take control away from the player and turned into more of a cut scene. There's an unskippable tutorial that doesn't teach you anything turning you loose on the first level wouldn't explain.As much as it pains me to say it, give this one a miss at any price."
76561198053068490,Not Recommended,441380,33166844,Posted: 2 July,all,maw9877,"Pacman keep getting stuck , and doesn't always respond to the controller . It looks like a nice game , but the key lag makes it unplayable ..."
,Not Recommended,441380,25513746,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,mingster,Unfortunately i will be requesting a refund as the game is unplayable due to levels not loading. This is a shame as i was really looking forward to this. Will re-review and rebuy when the problems have been fixed.
,Not Recommended,441380,25514778,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,darkinertia,"if youre looking at this game in the screenshots and videos and thinking ""i can run this even though my laptop/tower specs arent that good"" STOP. this game has no graphical options and apparently the requirements are insanely high for a reason. its poorly optimized, it was running at like half speed for me, which is insane for a pacman game especially since i can run the original championship dx no problem"
76561197967348045,Not Recommended,441380,25521643,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Unicycle,"Pac-Man Championship Edition 2 is ok, but well short of great. Your mileage may very, but I just didn't have much fun with this game, especially as compared to the first one - Championship Edition DX+. I will be requesting a refund.Note: I didn't have any problems at all with performance, but I did notice my overclocked 980Ti sitting around a pretty steep 35-40% usage to maintain 60fps at 1080p. So I can definitely understand where a lot of the complaints I've read about performance may be coming from.For me this didn't quite feel like Pac-Man. Mainly in that the speed has been absolutely cranked up, and along with it the game allows for a certain amount of ""tolerance"" to compensate for the inevitable fidgityness. You can 'bounce' off of the ghosts. Repeatly doing so makes them 'angry' and only then do they become activated and come to kill you. Traditionally, I expect a Pac-Man game to have 0 tolerance for error. You hit a ghost, you lose a life. That way the game is fast, testing the exact limits of control. This one just goes deliberately beyond those limits, and success is determined by your level of sloppiness in how you handle being out of control. Catching ghost streaks seems to be more about making educated guesses and trying to set yourself up to get lucky more often in catching them, rather than just straight up twitch execution. You don't even need to eat all of the pellets before moving onto the next stage; just most of them-ish. This game isn't about hiting the nail squarely on the head.It is very telling PM:CE 2 is listed on steam under ""Casual Games"", while the original PM:CE DX+ is listed under ""Action Games"".The graphics are certainly colourful, exciting, and fresh, but occasionally a little too much. The wild animations for ghost streaks I found disorienting in that they pulled me completely out of the map and it took me a second to reorient when dropped back in. Pretty graphics are fun, but ultimately they don't always serve the gameplay.One obnoxious little bug I found when running with Big Picture and a steam controller, the game has a  cursor that just kinda sits there on the screen. I have to actually go over to the computer and use an actual mouse to move the cursor off the edge of the screen.The first PM Championship Edition DX+ game was great, and I highly recommend it... but no this one.p.s. Kudos to the publisher for setting a very reasonable price."
,Recommended,441380,28851093,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Saint Killjoy,I am certain this game was inspired by heavy drug use!!!
,Not Recommended,441380,25622745,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Killerspinach,"I don't know how you mess up Pac-Man but sadly they kind of did.There's one major issue that makes this otherwise pretty good game pretty much unplayable to me one which I have tried to get over but it's just too hard to overlook and that's the bumping.If you've already played it you know that pac-man can now bump a ghost a couple times before it rages and then it becomes a threat. There's also ghosts that are only outlines that serve as nothiong but bumpers on lower levels. Also when you eat the powerup the ghost trains are very evasive and can only be taken head-on which causes bumping into the trains. The end result is A LOT of bumping. Since you're trying to clear the map and attract the minions into the ghost train as fast as possible you will inevitably find yourself bumping ghosts out of your way. It may not sound like much but to me it changes the core of the pac man experience more than even Championship Edition 1 did. The core of the game is running away from ghosts, not touching them, and then eating a powerup and turning the tables. This requires you to double back often and in general be as fast and smooth as possible around the maze. However that sequence is presented is fine to me. It can be in one big map like Pac-Man or smaller maps like Ms Pac-Man and you are running for your life or it can be in a high speed environment where the objective is to score as many points with less fear of death such as Championship Edition 1. What kills it (at least for me who is been pac-ing around on cabinets and tables and consoles and computers and handhelds for over 30 years) is all that bumping. It makes it feel un-smooth and removes all of the need to avoid the ghosts unless they're raged. I find it jarring and unsmooth and to me it pretty much ruins the game.Overall it's a well made game, the music is great, the maps are good enough and there's a ton of them as well as a story mode that involves eating a giant boss-ghost on some levels which admittedly was pretty cool. However the core feeling of the gameplay mechanic being changed so drastically with the addition of bumps has taken a ton of the fun away from it for me. If you're new to pac-ing and ghost hunting it may not bother you. If you're a lifelong pac-fan it may be to much to get past. Or it may not. I understand this is entirely subjective and this is one of those many situations where I wish I could either vote nuetral or give the game a number score but Steam doens't like us to be on the fence and with that in mind and with a bit of a heavy heart I am downvoting a pac-man game.  But please be aware that this bumping is the only thing I don't like about the game so if that doesn't sound like it will bother you then don't be deterred because everything else is pretty much great."
,Not Recommended,441380,25535079,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,curtisepiks,"maybe if I could play the tutorial without it loading infinitely, then I would give it a good review. But nope, a game breaking bug at the beginning of the game. I expected a fix after launch, but its been 3 days since then. This should be Namco's top priority, fix this already."
,Not Recommended,441380,25896107,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,merk,"Runs in slow motion, completly unplayable. No graphics/resolution options, turning things down with nvidea's control panel only improved the menu and loading animations, gameplay was still in slow motion. Will be my first refund."
76561198215161320,Not Recommended,441380,25505707,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Grapedrank325,im sure this game is awesome if it didnt get stuck on loading screen. the damn game just came out and already freaking issues.
,Recommended,441380,28936436,Posted: 2 January,all,Your Gaming Genius,"Pac-Man yo, Pac Extreme! He's a Chowing Down Machine! Ghosts, Monsters, Ghouls, and only ONE can stop em'......PAC-MAN RULES!"
76561197994851184,Not Recommended,441380,25494839,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Scott The Bot,This game is unplayable in its current state. My controller and keyboard inputs aren't being consistently detected. Sometimes I'll move up when I press the right directional button but that's only if I'm lucky. Hoping they push a fix for this soon. I was really looking forward to playing this!
,Not Recommended,441380,25493028,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,jellofund,"UPDATE #2 29th Nov: still no fix bar 1 patch that broke the controls for many folk and ignored the loading issue altogether. Since then the developer's community rep has gone into hiding and has not been seen again. If Bandai Namco can't support their own game why should you? Vote with your feet and support a developer that cares about its customers.UPDATE: sadly I can't upgrade this review to one that is more positive as after 14 days of acknowledging these issues the developers have been completely silent. No patch or even a quick update for affected owners which is incredibly poor form by Namco Bandai.As a result 2 weeks later still cannot play the game so have had no option but to stick in a refund request to Steam support.Had the devs at least provided an update to keep owners in the loop (pun intended) I'd likely have foregone a refund and waited things out but without any indication of whether a patch is imminent, or indeed one will ever be released, it's simply not a risk I'm willing to take. A little communication goes a long way!!I'm not saying you should or shouldn't buy the game, just sharing my experiences and how poorly supported this game has been to date. If you hit problems though just remember you have 14 days from purchase to request a refund (must have <2hrs gameplay).----Like others when I try to launch the (mandatory) training levels the game hangs whilst loading and will have no option but to restart. Sometimes I am lucky and a reboot will allow me to play one of the levels but then the problem happens again.My Xbox 360 wireless controller seems to work okay with the game (when I can play it) but the analogue stick on my Xbox One wireless controller is messed up and some directions work intermittenty, others not at all.I I can only hope that a patch will be released shortly and I can update my review. But right now it is hard for me to recommend the game although I do appreciate that I may one of a small minority of owners who are affected."
,Not Recommended,441380,28662749,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Xanadude,"I absolutely loved the original CE games. They are fast paced, fun, and addicting as hell to try and beat you and your friends scores. This was due to the AMAZINGLY tight controls those games had. This game's controls are terribly sensitive to the point where it is unplayable. I tried to get into it, but it gave me cancer."
76561197970824600,Not Recommended,441380,25491643,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,DwindleFlip,Scoreboard has been hacked after 2 days. Requested Refund.
,Not Recommended,441380,25502921,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,This Ones For You Morph,"As other reviews have mentioned, the Xbone controller doesn't work with the game. I expect this to be patched in the future, but its an incredible oversite and ruined launch for quite a bit of people, including myself. I will consider changing my review back if its patched quickly."
76561197998975916,Not Recommended,441380,25500854,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,gozulin,"Doesn't work with Xbox One wireless controller (left is up, right is down and no other D-pad directions are available, the analog pad doesn't do anything. The A button breaks pac man. You read that right, I can only steer pacman up and down, (not right and left) and I have to do so with the wrong directions on the d-pad. In other words, the game is literally unplayable.This is a weird bug. I'm on Windows 10 64-bit using wireless Xbone adapter and xbone controller with latest controller drivers.Other games perform perfectly with the same gamepad, so not a driver or gamepad issue, but with the game itself. This is totally gamebreaking and I will have to very sadly seek a refund...I was looking forward to playing this :("
,Not Recommended,441380,25491055,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Phosphatide,"I was incredibly excited for this game so naturally I was ready to slam the button to purchase the game the moment it released. Unfortunately, it looks like Bandai Namco was serious when they listed having an i5 CPU, 6GB RAM, and an ok integrated graphics card as ""minimum requirements"" for the game.I basically have those minimum requirements and the game runs like molasses. Nothing like watching Pac-Man truck along through the maze while the timer menacingly ticks away at a rate of 2 seconds per 1. Loading times are horrendously long, even taking like 3 minutes just to reach the title splash screen. Who knew Pac-Man would be so demanding as to needing an i7 to function?Gameplay-wise, I managed to get through only the tutorial after a grueling 20-30 minutes due to the game eating up 2.5GB of my system memory while running. From what I was able to play, it's definitely a different feel than the precious CE games. The game tries a bit too hard to look flashy, which can lead to a lot of breaks in flow during play. CE was a very intense take on the classic, while CEDX became a high-tension maze runner with score attack in mind. CE2 instead embraces a ""beat the clock"" system where your new goal is to just clear all the levels and the boss. It'll take some time to get used to if you are a fan of CE and CEDX, but so far it just feels weird. Of course, if your computer can actually run the game smoothly I'm sure it'll help.If your computer has the power to run Steam VR then you're pretty much ready to play and try out this new game. Otherwise, I have to say I cannot recommend this game until there's a complete overhaul in the game's efficiency allowing a proper playerbase to exist. I have since requested a refund for the game since I can't even play it properly anyway."
,Not Recommended,441380,25491407,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,jimmyjazz57,"If you thought Neo-Geo CD or Playstation loading times were awful, you're in for a wild ride. I waited 5 minutes for the game to load the TUTORIAL and nothing happened. I still hope for it to be good, or even playable after an update. until then, can't really recommand it.Edit: Ok now it's working"
76561197971445152,Recommended,441380,25554619,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,John Wayne Brady,"Really fun with a high level of skill.  Leaderboards and progressing your skill will keep you coming back for more 5 minute adrenaline sessions.Some are saying that this isn't as good as the previous entries:  this is not true, at all.  The changes in this version simply require a higher level of skill and focus.  All things said, I really like all of the new changes.10/10 would pac again."
,Recommended,441380,25511251,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,P3T3R,"In this 3rd sequel to the PAC-MAN CHAMPIONSHIP EDITION series, the gameplay is even faster than ever before! All new game changing mechanics, an expanded soundtrack featuring old tracks from the older games, as well as a few new ones, tons of unlock able skins (Even a Galaga one!!), and amazing visuals make this my new favorite in the series!"
,Recommended,441380,25535870,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,softchassis,"Sweet and energizing, like pure cane sugar in video game form.  I found myself bumping to the music and shaking with excitement as I was chasing scores and ghosts.  Get it.  Seriously."
,Recommended,441380,25537004,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Kentuckynerd,Super fun. If you enjoyed the others you should enjoy this one.
,Recommended,441380,25522005,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Quelandoris,"Poppy visual, fun music, addicting, rhytmic gameplay, this is pacman on roids. A very worthy successor to PacMan Championship."
,Recommended,441380,25544330,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Ezekiel Blufur,This a really great game and it brings alot more fun into the world of Pac-man. I have played the first championship and i loved it! And the sequal was even better. But... There are some game ruining bugs and missing features that just makes me want to refund it! But i know this game has potential and im not getting rid of it. here are the bugs i have found so far:-While eating ghosts game freezes-music does not loop-lots of lag at timesAnd also some improvements that could be made:-Graphics settings-Controls settings-In the cutscene where the giant ghost forms add more music and FXIf you could fix these things right away this game would be better than ever!
76561197970337561,Recommended,441380,25523802,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,nachokingp,"An impressive upgrade to an already stellar series!  Faster, more long-term gameplay, engaging modes, and not as monotonous and pattern-memorizing intensive as the last game!  Highly recommend!"
76561198010956776,Recommended,441380,25517867,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,JayRoo,Great game!  I was worried they'd just rehash the last one but it's an entirely new take on Pac-Man that holds up very well and stands alongside the predecessor in terms of quality.  If you enjoyed CE 1 you'll enjoy CE2
76561198299327648,Recommended,441380,25518328,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,boatman.,i can see this being fun but it lags to much 1 tenth speed
,Not Recommended,441380,25490840,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Zxlpx,Xbox One controller support is completely broken and its been broken since release.  Input is the most basic concept when it comes to a game.  As a programmer I find it inconceivable that this isn't a one or two day fix.  Xbox One controllers work with every other game I own.  There's nothing complex about it.  It's been out almost 4 weeks and no fix and complete radio silence.Gameplay-wise its pretty fun but the new ghost train mechanic is un-fun and aggrevating.I regret buying this game and if I was able to get a refund I would.
,Not Recommended,441380,25606476,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,ChronicX0469,I am not sure how someone can screw up a Pac-Man game but this game is a complete miss. Controls are TERRIBLE. Leaderboards haven't been working since launch. The overall game is just bafflingly boring. Not even a good budget game or time killer. This game is just an absolute husk.
76561197976767229,Recommended,441380,28715780,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,E_Bommel,"I never played the first championship edition so this is purely from a standpoint of playing this as it is alone.The playstyle is at places reminiscent of rhythm games which makes for simple and fun mechanics that are easy to pick up but hard to master.Even without knowing the intricates of ther game it's a sweet play with a wide range of difficulties.The soundtrack is just purely amazing. I love every song in this. It's just unrelenting electronic sound that, combined with the game itself, will just put you into a rush of adrenaline.TL;DR: Great new spin on the Pacman IP with very interesting mechanics and an amazing soundtrack."
,Recommended,441380,32473900,Posted: 16 June,all,seamuskills,hey this game is the best althogh it changes a lot about pacman I think the changes are good (but i would like a old 1 touch death gamemode) the giant ghosts are a giant load of fun to beat and the ghost trains? more like fun trains these give you humungus score the cutscenes for giant ghosts are awesome (but the sounds for me glitch and end to early so does the music) the music is great the stage options are great everthing is awesome this is how i feel about this gamehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=StTqXEQ2l-Ythank you namco for the second best pacman game (i still rank DX of this)10 out of 10 would eat pac dots again
,Recommended,441380,33055109,Posted: 30 June,all,Lopoi Yoshi,"A very addicting game, great soundtrack, tons of fun playing it."
