user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197972014196,Recommended,441790,23405643,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,killerfurball,"When I first noticed this game in my library I couldn't help but think ""uhh wth is this I don't remember getting this game."" It was at that point I learned of the current news for The Repopulation. I decided to check the game out and see what this was all about.After messing around for a bit in the game and just sort of getting my bearings (as this was just before it was officially released) I decided to table the game and come back to it as I saw a good amount of potential. And yes the potential is very much there.Within the month or so I was away (mostly due to real life) the game updated dramatically. Many of the early bugs and glitches were quickly fixed. The developers keep in quick and continuous (almost inhuman) contact with the player base and help quickly address, duplicate, test, and fix problems that arise. Watching this game develop is like watching an interactive trailer for The Repopulation.As far as gameplay goes: It is a toned down MMORPG leveling system. 50 total levels with 8 skills that each max out at rank 10 requiring an increasing number of points to upgrade. Each level unlocks new recipes and some skills offer passive bonuses. There is a degree of specialization due to the nature of the system meaning you can not unlock rank 10 in all 8 skills. Unlike other survival games base construction follows a different formula, and honestly it is one that for the game and the lore makes sense. Buildings are prefabricated with only foundations and walls being individual structures. Unlike Rust or ARK you are colonizing a planet. In other words the foundations are for multiple structures with which to build entire settlements, not single fortresses. This allows for the development not just of a major base but entire cities if properly constructed. This moves the clever design of a single base into the clever design of an entire settlement area, which I find to be a unique and interesting touch.The planet has the typical biomes: Forest, Desert, Artic. Each biome offers similar and specialized resources. The fauna in each biome alters as well as their levels. Some creatures are found all over, other mostly in one area, some in certain spots of all areas. The Flora is the same way. All flora and fauna has their uses in some of the recipes making each useful and not just pretty filler to look at.Weapon progression also makes sense. You go from simple melee weapons to more complex melee weapons (if you desire to) to ranged weapons. While there might need to be a slight balancing relating to beam pistols and rifles, the progression is appropriate. There are explosive weapons as well that are mostly used for pvp encounters and base sieging.Armor, while useful for combat and looks, is not a major necessity aside from climate conditions. This I find to be absolutely great. While most people will opt for some form of armor. The armor with the best protection might not help you so much in the desert environment and cause you to overheat. This creates some sense of diversity in the armors allowing for there to be some differentiation.Combat can be somewhat clunky in the sense of animations. There are some graphical errors when equipping ranged weapons that can easily be fixed by zooming the camera out and back in. Without knowing that trick, though, it can be frustrating to deal with at first.While games such as this are always going to be easier with a group. Fragmented allows the individual to be able to play the game. Both casual and hardcore players can both handle themselves alone on this hostile planet. With various server styles as well as a single player experience, there is no segment of the gaming populace that is left out.All in all the game still has its rough edges but is light years ahead of other titles in similar stages of development. The communication between the developers and players alone makes this title a should buy if you are interested in survival games and MMO's. The similarities between Fragmented and Rust and ARK are only superficial in the sense that they occupy the same genre. The underlying mechanics and stylizations in both level progression and settlement management bring this game into a new area. While Rust and ARK are individual survival games, the quarks in Fragmented shift the game to the survival of the entire species. The resetting of the narrative into that framing alone moves this game away from Rust and ARK on all but surface levels."
,Not Recommended,441790,30843194,Posted: 30 March,all,Rooster,"**NOTE: SOME OF THE ORIGINAL POST IS NO LONGER ACCURATE. AN UPDATED REVIEW IS POSTED AT THE END**ORIGINAL POST:I bought the Repopulation in early 2015. A few months later, the game was cancelled and the devs began work on Fragmented - the game you see here. This was supposed to be their apology to the customers of the repopulation's epic failure to even reach beta. I received this game for free from the developers. I played it some and it was an alright early access title. Now, the game is no longer in my library. The fact that I am even able to write this review shows that at one point I DID have the product. The devs now want me to pay even more money to be able to play the game that they initially gave me for free.I'm not a game developer, nor do I have any experience in marketing. But I'll give some advice to you jerk-offs at ""Above & Beyond Technology"": when a customer pays for your initial product and you fail them, giving them a replacement and then taking it back a few months later to resell is not the best strategy to keep people coming backI won't be checking the box that says I got this for free, because I didn't get it for free. I got ripped off with the repopulation's utter garbage lifespan and then got the ""free game"" taken away from me to be sold for 5 bucks. Is that even legal? Not that I'd even bother filing a lawsuit over a 5-10 dollar game. I'll celebrate the day when Steam finally gets rid of early access so that scam artists like these guys will get put in the ground with their SH IT games where they belong.**UPDATE**: It has been brought to my attention that the developer posted ""three separate threads"" in the discussion board regarding a packaging issue when ""The Repopulation"" servers went back online.**My copy of the game has been returned to me now** ...BUTI'd highly recommend posting about this issue in a news post or on the game's store page instead of just posting it in the discussion boards. It took the devs over a week to ""unlock"" my review so that I could actually edit my comments. After an extended period of time, I forgot about the issue altogether - which is why it took so long to update my post. But thanks to the one troll that actually still monitors this game's reviews, I was notified that my review had been unlocked in my absence.Seeing that my review, as well as my friend's review, are the top 2 most helpful over the last 30 days, I'd say that others are having this issue as well. If you actually still care about this game, contact the developer and they'll fix the issue.Oh and the game is still S H I T, but what do I know?"
76561198008980648,Not Recommended,441790,23738936,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,aligrant42,"I wish I could recommend this game. I am a fan of the survival genre, and have sunk over 130 hours into empyrion (sci fi survival) and when I saw this I was excited. It looked like a similar game to empyrion with better graphics.The game looks good in 3rd person, I'll give them that (though the 1st person models and animations are just horrible), and the world is hostile, with plenty of mobs. It's far more action packed than most survival games, as you will find yourself fending off creatures with alarming regularity.Now, if it was just dense packs of critters, I'd be less critical, but the respawn timers on those mobs are... short. Like, really, really short. A large part of survival games is gathering resources. When you need to stop gathering on a stone because the same mob respawns 4 times 3 foot in front of you... it's a problem. when there's then issues like the creatures not entering any space that overlaps with your base structure (which is to my mind an overly simplistic build technique which requires large amounts of raw materials to produce large structures in one go, everything seems template based which really limits creativity) allowing for easy kills if you dont venture from your base (you can retreat back to safety, upon which the mobs start runnung away, allowing for easy, 100% safe kills), respawning materials every time you log out and back in again, the dense packs of creatures and ridiculously fast respawns mean it's all too easy to fall into a trap of barely venturing from the base until you get strong enough and have gathered enough resources to build better weapons... which still suck. This can quickly feel more like a chore than fun.To my mind, this feels like a survival-lite. It's limited building/crafting options will appeal to those who want to get up and running quickly, and maybe my problem was I was playing solo. It feels like it's designed for groups of people working together watching each others backs whilst one person gathers for the group. Even the base pre-fab was a huge area, seemingly designed to be populated by multiple people/buildings. The pre-fab designs and the constant, constant, constant respawns quickly got the better of me though, and I'm afraid I have requested a refund, and felt compelled to warn off like minded people.One of the other reviewers has called this the best sci fi survival on the market. I'm sorry, but I cannot agree, and I'm going back to Empyrion for my sci fi survival fixes"
76561197960626849,Not Recommended,441790,28599573,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,SharT Magician,"DO NOT BUYLot's of us got this game for free, because the game we bought had the servers shut down.  One of the biggest EA failures to hit steam since the Stomping Ground is the Repopulation.That was a sci fi mmo sandbox game, similar to Star Wars Galaxies.  So they give us a a survival game, like Ark or Rust.Thanks?  We wanted the game we paid for.  How would you feel if you bought a first person shooter and the devs said no sorry take this racing game?Oh and the mods over their censor, ban, and delete threads when you call them out and point out how flawed this is all is, and how it smells like a scam.DO NOT BUYEDIT: I was correct as many other gamers were.  The devs have sold the rights of Fragmented to the company that owned Hero Engine.  Hero Engine was the old engine repop was on.  So if they had to switch engines because servers went down, why are the old servers coming back up on old engine?  SCAM CONFIRMED.Edit 2: For those of you commenting on how I don't talk about the game in this review there is a reason for that.  I didn't buy this game, it was given to me by the devs instead of the game we paid for.  There is nothing worthy of talking about because this game is bland and boring.  The lack of mention of gameplay by me is a hint to it's unworthyness of even being considered.  I actually like survival games, so that says something."
,Recommended,441790,23019811,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Hurricane432,"As of this writing I have 60  hours, so I feel I can give an honest review of the game.First communication with the Development team is top notch. They respond to just about anything in a professional and timely manner. Had an issue on a Sunday evening at 8pm Est. and a dev answered the topic within 15 minutes and fixed the issue. Amazing professionalism and detailed responses.This is an amazing addition to EA if you love the survival/Sci fi aspect, it has tons and tons of things to gather from wood, stone, berries, twigs, an assortment of food from npcs, gold, diamonds from stones, three big biomes, one desert, snow, and forest with nice amounts of land mass.The leveling system has alot of depth, 50 levels of choosing what you want to spend points on to make your character craft more items, like Melee, guns. Electronics, construction and more.... Really huge amount of items to craft and build.The music is also really great, an easy to listen to sound track while in the world, really well done. I am more of a PvE player after a long days work to relax and enjoy my time. Met some great people already.The building is a work in progress and another couple patches hopefully will see snapping together items. It does have a nice amount of foundations and items to interact with. More in base items would be nice like candles, torches in the base, tables, chairs, trophy cases of npcs killed, etc to fill out the bases.You have bots that can follow you around however are a work in progress and disabled at this time, but can still be placed on ground, for example medical bot is awesome, it heals you as you come back to base...Vehicles will be implemented shortly, should be a nice addition.Definitely recommend the game, one of the best EA games I have played ever... Loving it....Update 111 hours into the game now....May 22, 2016Really nice patches and mini patches not only adding features, items but the devs are still very much communicating with us daily at all hours of the day...Still having a best and the first draft of Genetically engineered Pets is awesome, you can make several different pets that you can craft at a genetic station and they will follow you around, help you in battle. The building mode got a new patch this week and is going in the right direction snap building will be icing in the cake and is something coming to the game..."
76561197975505083,Recommended,441790,22750068,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Cornmuffin,"It's clearly not got enough end game content right now in comparison to ark, but it just released.ARK, DAY Z, etc have 1 problem (for the masses) and that is that they are too hardcore.  It isnt ok to spend 10 hours building a base to go to sleep to have it gone in 5 minutes while you slept.Fragmented has an official server mode called ""casual pvp"".  This means when you die, people cannot loot your body.  THey can still destroy your base and steal your stuff, but you will never lose all your gear.Meaning it's easier to restart.  It's a huge difference.  Really nice"
76561198052845251,Recommended,441790,23523616,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,sjm8,"This game (atm) is as advertised.  No tutorial, no quests, no guidance and in development.  That being said, it does seem to have potential, but currently there is no real point other than development to play.  As a warning, here is an example of my play so far.Start.  Wander a bit from pod start point.  Killed by a goat.Respawn.  Try to fight with fists.  Killed by a goat.Stay close to pod, figure out how to gather resouces, build a stone knife.  Killed by a goat.Respawn and finally killed a goat.  YayGather more resouces, build better weapons/tools.  Killed by a goat.Able to make a firearm and feeling confidant.  Killed by a goat.Build a better rifle, explore.  Kill several wicked looking panther like creatures, then....Killed by a goat.You can see the pattern.  I have found that though though I have gone up in levels and improved my gear, the damn goats (they are goat like) keep sneaking up on me and killing me.  A bit odd to say the least, since the goats are more aggresive than the panther looking guys.  The goats are the only wildlife I currently watch out for and get regulary killed by for some reason.  Respawn rate is fast, and you don't want to stand near a spawning area too long after killing everything.The world looks great, the sound is awesome and the music is very good.  Can't wait to see what this turns into.  (glad I got it on sale though)"
76561198095727109,Recommended,441790,24500370,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Incomprehensible Angry Guy,"Note: I bought this game for $5Should you buy it: Yes.How much is it worth: $5Will it get better: YesGraphics: OkayGameplay: Boring at first but gets better when leveling upWhat happens when you die: You don't loose any of your items and you don't restart, however you can have that happen if you wantWhat needs to happen with this game: A lot.This game isn't as bad as most people say it is. I believe the biggest reason people are giving it negitive reviews is because of the bugs and the cost. This game, as of right now, is NOT worth the full price. Thankfully I picked it up for only $5 which I believe is a fine price to pay. I haven't spent too much time on this game but I can tell that the potential is completly there and as long as the developers listen to the community and give it updates, this game can actually be well worth the price. Now I mentioned the bugs...it's actually not that bad. For myself, all the game did as lag for a few seconds and I was back to playing normally, it didn't hinder my game play it just annoyed me. As the story line goes, I didn't see one but I only played for an hour so far and I'm sure there is more to come. I just wanted to wet my toes in this game (so to speak) and see what all the anger was about. The survival aspect is actually really boring to me and I'm really happy that there is some combat every once in a while which takes away the boring parts but as far as building your home, it seemed really realistic of how much supplies you need. What really made me happy about this game though as the fact that I didn't have to eat or drink water every 5 minutes. In fact, the whole hour I played, I only ate or drink a few things every 25 minutes or so, which gave me more time to develop my home.Now, do I recommend this game? Kinda. It's for people who like the survival part and who can be patient. If you're expecting to be amazed right away, then this is not for you...yet. Like I said, it will get better eventually. Don't give a bad review on a game that's not even finished."
,Recommended,441790,24146084,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,neal121,"The game is totally in early release but as long as the dev's don't abandon it - it could go somewhere... it shows potential and has great content already.If you take ARK + RUST + SCI FI + Most surival games = FragmentedThis game, so far, has a great balance of what supplies you need to craft unlike other survival games that require the player to collect rediculous amounts of supplies to just craft your house. This is an important aspect to me because I am not going to play a game for 2 hours just to collect a crap-ton of wood (or whatever) to build my first building.The game has that sci-fi potential for interesting weapons and creatures to run into.I did not play on PVP servers since I prefer PVE (learned this from Rust)... so I cannot comment on PVP.Online seemed to be a little laggy no matter what server you played on, even if it was one that was hosted by another company and not 'official.' Possibly a bug in the game but it wasn't awful."
,Recommended,441790,32751551,Posted: 24 June,all,RZR0,"After a short game, I have to say... I don't know. I understand why the game gets so many bad reviews. It is unpolished and a bit awkward. Nothing is really how you expect it to be. That being said, it is an early access, so most of these things should be forgiven. Seeing as the devs release frequent updates, I do think this game has potential and I definetly wouldn't dismiss it out of hand."
76561198048937225,Recommended,441790,23121115,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,stinger188,"Not a bad game.  Typical survival stuff with a sci-fi twist.  Has some bugs and glitches, but it's still in the early stages.  I enjoy it and you probably will too.  Can't wait to see how it develops."
76561198101766199,Not Recommended,441790,30458358,Posted: 11 March,all,Acel,"The developers blame negative reviews from former Repopulation players for the inablility to sell this game, rather than looking at how saturated the UE4 survival game market is and realizing Fragmented is not anything special.  I would be able to recommend this game if there was an active playerbase...http://steamcharts.com/app/441790Fragmented is a product I'll keep in my library to remind me that even as amazing as A&B Tech was, they made a mistake and it cost them their reputation and the Repopulation.  Best of luck developing for XBone, but I don't think even a console port can save such a dead (population) game."
76561197971843845,Recommended,441790,28844148,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,DreadLordNaf,"Is this game mind blowing? No.  Is it fun and worth 5 bucks? Yes.  Overall it is a decent survival/crafting game for the cost.While it doesn’t break new ground, Fragmented hits all the right marks in the survival game genre and at the sale cost of 5 dollars, you get a decent amount of game per dollar.  I would recommend it for the person who has never tried a first-person survival/crafting game before and wants to dip their toes in one that works relatively well and isn’t overly complicated.Most the negative reviews here are from people who are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥about the devs previous early access project, The Repopulation, which is going through some very painful delays. As a backer myself of that game I am also bummed but this review here is focused solely on Fragmented gameplay itself.Pros:-Somewhat unique hybrid alien/earth world setting with nice graphics-Large variety of cool weapons and armor, much more than most survival games-Overall solid implementation of the standard survival /crafting game aspects-Very good gamepad support-Only 5 dollarsCons:-Limited features since it’s early access-Low player base makes multiplayer a bit lonely and the game is mainly PVE for the moment-Combat is on-par with other early access survival games, meaning it’s rather clunky-While it implements the survival game basics well, it does feel rather repetitious to similar games and doesn't add much new to the genre-A few poor UI and inventory management designsLonger review:Fragmented joins the fray of the numerous Steam Early Access survival/crafting games.  At its core it seems inspired by what I consider to be the original and one of the best survival games, the Arma II mod DayZ (not the standalone version).You start alone on the planet which you appear to have crash landed on.  You then need to proceed to try and survive by staying fed, staying hydrated, staying warm, and of course staying alive. The graphics in Fragmented are nice and having played many early access survival games, it is better than most.The one unique thing about Fragmented is the setting.  It departs from the usual post apocalyptic/zombie environment found in many similar games.  While much of the gameplay terrain looks very earthlike, there is a decent variation of alien looking plants and some rather interesting looking alien creatures you will be encountering and fighting.  You can even get some as pets to help you.You do all the basic things you would do in a survival/crafting game.  You chop wood, mine stone, gather plants and then combine it all to make better stuff and keep surviving.   The base building is modest so far and to clarify this is NOT one of those voxel based games where you can literally modify everything in game and make minecraft-like bases.The combat is decent but nothing to rave about.  Most survival games seem to have bad combat mechanics in general and even 7 Days to Die, which I own and is one of the best selling survival games, has combat that is pretty clunky and jarring.  Combat is actually a bit smoother in Fragmented I think but could still use quite a bit of improvement.  On the other hand Fragmented has the best variety of weapons and armor I have seen in this genre.  From the plain ole stone weapons to sci-fi electro swords, flamethrowers, and laser rifles.  It is a nice change of pace and gives you something to aim and progress toward.I personally am big on gamepad support  and Fragmented has done it well.  Like many adult gamers I have a real job where I am in front of a computer all day.  I want to be able to relax and game on my couch when I get home, and not keep hunching over in front of a desk.  This has true gamepad support with inventory management, UI navigation, and hotkeys mapped to gamepad controls.  It is almost 100% playable from a gamepad except for a couple functions you still need the mouse for and the radial wheel selector which glitches out occasionally requiring you to reset it with a mouse.  Additionally the aiming and settings aren't quite optimized, but overall much better gamepad support than most games like it.There is one feature most survival crafting games have which this one doesn't that threw me off a bit: the ability to craft or see info about crafting directly from your inventory.  Inventory management is an issue in this game and unfortunately you can’t easily see what items can be crafted from the things in your inventory without closing it and opening the crafting menu and finding it in the recipes list there. This makes it more annoying than it should be when you are trying to make more room and figure which things are valuable for crafting and should be kept, and which aren't and can be ditched.This game also has an annoying hotkey bar “feature”.  The things you put on your hotkey bar still remain in your inventory, unless you are actually holding it in your hand. This can often result in the situation where you are holding a melee weapon, you kill something and pick stuff up, then  you switch to another tool or weapon on your hotkey bar and your char tries to put his melee weapon back into inventory.  But if there is no room since you picked stuff up in the meantime, he just throws it on the ground without warning. I died more than once when this happen since I got attacked right after my char inadvertently threw his main weapon on the ground.  Seems like there is a better way to handle this, like just making the things on the hotkey bar their own separate inventory.The biggest issue right now is the low playerbase.  What makes survival games great is the moral dilemmas it puts you in with other players.  Do I say hi to this other player I just met or kill him for his berries because I’m starving?  Should I work with him which might be better in the long run or take his stuff for a short term one-time gain?  Right now there isn’t much of this due to the low player base. Hopefully that will improve with time or you should consider playing it with a friend as I can see coop being rather fun.Overall, if you have played other survival/crafting games there really isn’t much new here.  If you haven't though this is probably one of the more decent games in the genre that has a low learning curve and which you can start playing and having fun surviving and/or dieing immedietly.  While the overall game is limited due to its early development stage it has all the survival/crafting gameplay basics one would expect and at its current sale price is worth the cost. Given how early access this is and the unique sci-fi setting, there appears to be a lot of room up for this game to go.  So at minimum I think you easily get your 5 dollars worth with the game in it’s current state, and at maximum you get something much better as it develops."
,Recommended,441790,22690003,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Aerrox,"I got this game for free from the developers, as I had previously purchased the Repopulation. I wouldn't have bought this game if I hadn't gotten it for free because I, like most people, am sick to death of survival games.However this game seems to be quite different though I'm not sure why. I started playing this about 8 hours ago, not intending to play it for long, and somehow the whole day has gone by without me noticing.I enjoy exploring the world, I enjoy crafting all the different items this game has to offer (more housing items please!) I enjoy helping people as they seem quite friendly (PvE server that is).However on the negative side; I am constantly plagued by lagspikes, the interface needs a lot of work (I had my rifle equiped, I change over to the knife, but because my inventory was full it decided to fling the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥rifle halfway across the map never to be found again), items like houses etc cant be rotated moved or picked up once u've placed them down, just removed altogether. Little things.I'm very much looking forward to seeing where this game will grow from here, I've already clocked more hours on this than I ever did on the Repopulation. And giving this game away for free to those who bought the Repop, I feel is a masterstroke and unbelievably generous in this day and age, almost makes me believe in Early Access again (almost).And if you enjoy arbitrary numbers, I award a 7.5/10 to Fragmented."
76561197965013783,Recommended,441790,24790475,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,-=FFF=- 8BALL,great fun and still in early access with loads of future potentialloving pve and as a guy new to survival games im loving the fact you dont lose youre entire equipment on deathgreat support from the developers in the disccusion forumsgreat price great game
,Recommended,441790,24792935,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Mimic The Shadow,"I've only played around 40-50 minutes of the game, but it's totally worth the 5$ that I bought this with. It's extremely unpolished in its current state, but its still in Early Access and I can see this game becoming something awesome as it leaves the Early Access stages.7/10, would play again."
76561198038892067,Recommended,441790,25374716,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,kaay,"The potential is definitely there, but so far this is just a sketch, not a full game.The talent is there too, these guys are really good, but then again i dont know if they are serious about continuing with this game.What sets this ""survival"" game apart from the others is less frustration. Less ""survival deaths""...contradiction intended.Keep in mind the game is very early right now, i would say alpha at best.They just created the foundation of a game, but given how fast they did it and how good it is, these guys really know their stuff. Just hope they do more than a fantastic technical demo, and hope they decide if they want to continue seriously working on this game, or go back to Repopulation, or what.Regardless, a very talented team that deserves support, and in the end thats all that matters."
,Not Recommended,441790,22783988,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,.TFSL.Phoenix,"Really fun game!Dont buy it though if you dont like the usual early access games that may or may not get finished.Other than that-really active developers-great ideas and mechanics(still a decent amount of bugs)-combat almost feels like legacy rustEdit: Developers went completly nuts, deleting every bad feedback. DONT BUY!!!!"
76561198121057232,Recommended,441790,22699303,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,A(E)Hopsin101,"First thing I say is Wow. I have been involved with this game since Steam release and I can say hands down, the most active, helpful, passionate, communicative Devs I have ever seen in a EA game, and I have played Loads. I have asked a handful of questions on Steam discussions, and each one was answered by a Dev to the fullest in minutes. In addition, The Devs have been communicating non stop with the community about their progress, future plans, Issues, and giving updates frequently. You can tell they really care about their playerbase and their game. They also patch every day or two as of right now.The game is fantastic. Very similar to Ark many say. Loads of content. It has a nice balance of PVP/PVE unlike most survival games. I am running 60 FPS on lowest settings (graphics still look nice) with an 770 OC and I5. So the game is def playable with lower end PCs. I like the RPG element of the game. Simiar to Ark, your character levels up and each level you gain skill points which can be used into many unqiue skills. Each skill has many blueprints you unlock as you progress in them. There is also loads of crafting to be done.I would highly recommend this game to anyone who likes EA multiplayer survival games. Much better than Ark in many ways."
76561198017155287,Recommended,441790,24767435,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,KatchaDraftPunk,"AI could use a little bit of work, Animations are wonky, Game play decent. would i reccomend this? yes. is it worth a buy? it is $9.99 and the building system is simplistic. Also there are a few bugs/glitches here and there but the game is still good and i feel like it will have A VERY GOOD FUTURE no pun inteended also i think the inventory system could also use some work but i would also like to see more people playing the game."
76561198004932877,Recommended,441790,24923814,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,NS-NukeDog,"This is an awesome game, graphics are smooth and nice, lvling and crafting tree is good and easy to understand. I REEEEEEEALLY hope they will continue  to work on this game, and release the game. million thumbs up for this game. THANKS DEVS."
76561198003278265,Recommended,441790,24819841,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Dwight schrute 1942,"its good, well optimized and getting better and better with every patch.the only downside is the lack of content, but hey its still early!"
,Recommended,441790,24809766,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,SLiverMulti,"If you like Survival - Crafting Games, Fragmented is a real good start for an Early Access Game. As long as the Developers stick with it, it will compare strongly to Ark: Survival Evolved & 7 Days To Die. The way this Game already differs itself is that you are on an Alien World, so of course ... there are Alien Creatures. Not Dinosaurs & not yet another Zombie Killing Game.One thing I can already see as a nice thing that is needed is the ability to ""Deconstruct"" items. Like you you 'Miscraft' something, loot something you don't need, or you 'outgrow' an item. Other than that, the Game has been perfectly fine for an Early Access Game, runs smoother than some of the others previously mentioned already & looks better too!You will discover very quickly that the levels of the enemy NPC's matter, if you are not properly geared for them. But, that's how a Game should be ... not like the earlier named Zombie Game ... where you can kill anything within the first Day, if you fight smart.After further Gameplay, there is a lot to be 'Upgraded' on, but I would still recommend it. Basically, your Armor is only good for keeping you Warm or Cool (for the Biome you're in), because Monsters still 1-3 shot you with the best Armor on. The Weapons can get 'underwhelming', considering the Damage the Monsters can do to you."
76561198039472502,Recommended,441790,22835494,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Nextactus,For a game that is only 6 months into developement it is surprisingly and refreshingly stable. Are there bugs?..Of course there are but the Devs at ABT are aweseom people that have always been very active with their player base and find and kill bugs rather fast. Heck there were 11 updates in april alone chockfull of bug fixes and content.I'm not one for Survuval games normaly because of the open pvp and not being able to even get started before a high level very advanced player comes and destroys everything i have built. But here they have different server rulesets some of them even are just PVE servers.All in all I think for how much has been done so far and what they have planned for the futre Fragmented will be one of the top survival games out there when its all said and done.
76561198120319520,Recommended,441790,22980435,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Xylane,"Let's be honest - It's an EARLY alpha. In consequence, there is still a lot of things to improve and to add. Don’t expect to play a game almost ready to release.However, it looks promising for a beginning. I wish good luck for the dev team, and I'm looking forward to have (good) news regarding Repopulation!"
,Recommended,441790,22753931,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Feidry,"Knowing what I know about this team, this game will end up being as good or better than games like Ark or Rust. It's still very much early access and sort-of buggy but I did not have a single crash in the 2 hours I spent playing with a friend so far. If you liked either of the previously mentioned games, buy this one."
76561198008333005,Recommended,441790,24638045,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Buddha,"Really interesting game have really high hopes for it, can become really good at the end. The graphics are great for what it is considering what most games in early access look like. The freedom to roam and fight and build and craft is pretty good and the amount of what you can do is pretty commendable.There are some things that are going to have to be worked out tho. biggest thing is connection issue, I've been timing out a lot, seems to go through rough patches. It kinda just drops you in without any explinations about things and certain items are only obtainable from a certain harvest node in a certain area... i.e. gold, and there's no way to know that without a google search. The skill leveling needs to get looked at for sure.... level 5 textile will give you nanofiber gear that needs a crafting station that requires level 7 electronics that requires rubber that requires level 7 refining to produce..... there are more examples but all in all it just seems like it needs revision.over all tho solid game I spent an easy 8 hours straight in the world my first time playing, got over 10 hours of gameplay in and level 20 on my online character. Would recomend starting in an offline server to get into it easily altho it doesn't matter that much if you play a casual pve server"
76561198089068311,Recommended,441790,23076386,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Miss Neko,"I've only played a little over two hours so far, so I will be updating my review as I play. First, I have to say overall it's a decent game. I also started on solo offline play. It reminds me a lot of minecraft. I never played the previous one so that's what I see in it. It's the adult version of minecraft. XDHere's what I think so far:~Pros~Vast crafting system where almost everything is usable in some fashionRealistic nature in the fact you have health, hunger, thirst, temperature  (which is borderline annoying), and staminaCan create basic recipes on the go (bandages bandages and more bandages)Advancement is quick and painless with the fact you get experience from just about everythingLots of skills to upgrade but not too many to be overwhelmingUnless you're playing with permadeath the penalties for dying are good for beginners. You keep all your stuff and are force respawned at a named location you pick~Cons~Limited inventory space with the need to make multiple pouches to store items in which I have not found a way to look in the pouchesNo direction.....at all....none....you are dropped in the middle of nowhere. YouTube videos are the only reason I had a grasp on basic concepts and could advance as quickly as I did.The tide in the lake. I dunno if this is a glitch or built in, but the lake will slowly pull you out to the center. Yes, lake. Odd.....Getting killed in my cabin. I mean seriously attacked through the walls.One stick from a tree that dwarves my character then twenty items for a small bush. It needs to be more realistic drop ratio to size. It's completely random.I have no idea where I'm at and where I need/want to go. There is a map but it's a separate window you have to activate to see. I would love love love love love a mini map. Or at least a compass.Lastly, and maybe the biggest problem I have is the system requirements. I have a decent laptop, but my computer was struggling to run it. On lowest settings with rendering distance close as I can get it the game still is clunky, but tollerable. This is why I cannot make comments on graphics. I can tell a tree is a tree though.Overall this game has amazing potential. If implemented correctly I could see this being a very good game. I'm excited to see what will come out next after reading about how far it's already come."
76561198008914218,Recommended,441790,24812598,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Popinjay,"Its early access so there will be a lot of improvements to come, but as it stands its a pretty good game one I believe is well worth the price.  I recommend it.I saw one reviewer that stated it doesnt work in full screen, it does, you change the settings when its loaded and I think you restart the game.  The intro bit is still letter boxed though.  I hope that clears up one misconception."
,Not Recommended,441790,34705253,Posted: 3 September,all,Tiresome Titan,"After reading the mixed reviews I still bought the game. But I have to say it did not convince me after playing. The atmosphere is not very good due to many strange interactions with the environment and creatures. For instance you can chop down a 200 year old tree with your bare hands. Or creatures cannot attack you any more if you step onto a 20 cm high wood platform.Additionally there are so many bugs. The mouse cursor vanishes some times - you need to restart the application. The inventory slots get broken and you cannot move items any more - reload helps. There does not seem to be a way to attack with the game controller by default... and so on.Even though this is not a complaint - you can't say much when the game costs 9,99€ - I would not recommend buying for other people."
76561198078462111,Recommended,441790,22760886,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,mogwai,"Only a few hours into this title and i can see it looks very promising. For early access i can see already from forums that the devs care alot about their game and are quick to respond.Running this on AMD FX 8120 , 8gb RAM , GTX 960 4gb on pretty high settings and its VERY smooth which has left me pleasantly suprised.Crafting system has a nice depth to it and the levelling system is wonderful!10/10 - highly recommended!"
76561198126863792,Recommended,441790,22749282,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,zolus89,Still in its early age and rough around a few edges. however it is improving rapidly. the devs working on this project are the most responsive i have ever seen. i can see this game growing to be quite good. it is changed quite a bit buy player input so i do advise getting in early access and finding out what you think would make it a better game overall. and to the devs. i very rarely write reviews but your responsiveness prompted me to right this one keep up the awesome work.
76561198080032922,Recommended,441790,23281999,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,masterextremist,"This game has a lot of potential but it is still needing a lot of work.  The guns just start randomly shooting the ground, like come on you cant play it because of this because you cant defend your self.  All the tools and melee weapons disappear the second you start to run or hit something.  Even though it still hits the object as if it is still in your hand you cant see the tool. super annoying bugs that need fixing.  I recommend the game cuz the future looks bright and I think it will be a good game but until the core gameplay is solid i cant play it.  Base building looks pretty cool I wish the buildng had its own interface like a building mode but all in all you can make pretty bad♥♥♥♥♥bases.  Like everything is in the crafting menu which i wish it wasnt.  just a long list of everything and that gets old.  Not very organized.It is a good game, the last patch had a lot of fixes so it looks like the devs are on it and thats always good to see.  I will patiently wait for it to improve!"
,Recommended,441790,23267159,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Ghost_Soldier007,"I just noticed I received this game for free for buying The Repopulation last year. At first I was like ummm I dont recall purchasing Fragmented WTH?! Then soon realized where it came from and I was pretty happy and excited!First off thank you Above and Beyond Technologies for the game and I am really happy that what happened to the Repopulation did not kill you guys, and you are kicking out some new titles!Secondly First diving into this game I was like wow my video card cant hang, need to turn down the settings lol. This game has the most beautiful enviroment! I love looking around end exploring everything even at med setting still looks amazing! The music is peaceful and calming. The skills are diverce and complex, though I would love to see a variation in the quality of the weapons based on skill level. I like the fact you need different tools to harvest from creatures specific resources, and not leaving it random. Like using the skinning knife to get hide or the stone/steel knife to get animal fat.Lastly This game is really fun, relaxing, and challenging. I highly recommend this game even though it is early access. I am thankful Above and Beyond Technologies for giving me a copy of this game!"
76561198185606638,Recommended,441790,23514311,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Huntsman59,"THIS IS NOT A BAD REVIEWI like the gam don't get me wrong but i do like other games like this, including stuff like ark abd 7 days to die all survival games. all around its not a bad gam i mean the combat a little wierd ya know but besides that its a great game"
,Recommended,441790,23360059,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,MarcusGarlick,I have uploaded a video to Youtube of my first day and first impressions of the game. Check it out by clicking the link below.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kNxaQ0ktV8MI haven’t got that far into the game but I see a bright future for Fragmented.
76561198219984417,Recommended,441790,23941814,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Heartless,"Amazing game, if you are into survivals this is a must buy, i wanted to wait for a discount to try it out, but now honestly i can say its well worth its full prize, So use the summer sale and put your hands on this game.Pros-Good Graphics(Unreal Engine 4, seems very low quality but its still really pretty)-Environment is amazing, landscapes are beautifull and rich, sound effects are difrent everywhere and makes you feel very immersed-Nice leveling system which will allow you to spend points on diffrent types of crafting tiers, choose wisely if you are solo-The Devs are the best by far i've seen, they update it very regurarly, they fix bugs all time, instead of adding useless content they first fix what is bugged. They answer instantly your questions on forums.-Nice PvE system, seems hard initially until you get the hang of it, but its still easy to let your guard down and get ganked by mobs.Cons-Needless to say, Early Access Alpha, theres many bugs, but like i said, Devs work amazing to fix stuff.-First hour or two can be rough if you are new to the survival genre or a casual survival entushiast, there is no tutorials.-Map feels small, but servers are toped at 40 players max so shouldn't be a problem.-There is no craft all button...sometimes i spend almost 1h to craft everything and my finger hurts, but devs allready promised a feature to fix that.Don't lose time, join this game asap, it is amazing and growing fast, and i can't wait to see what the future holds for it, and in this game you actually feel like a tester, your bug reports gets fixed, your suggestions are taken into consideration and some even introduced."
76561198058826326,Recommended,441790,23103155,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,PlatinumProdigy,"Honestly out of all the survival games I've played so far, this game, as early access as it is, graphics are great, gameplay easy to pick up, and the option to not have your ENTIRE inventory drop on death....outstanding survival game I've played in a long time. I hope to see this game go far. Price may seem steap but honestly I think $25 is worth the content as it stands."
76561197970072240,Recommended,441790,24562734,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Senorbravo,"I will first start off by saying I haven't played a lot yet and I've never really played a game like this before (well Rust for about 10 minutes).  I had initially bought the Repopulation and can tell you, I wasn't overly impressed.  I decided to download this since I was given access due to my Repopulation purchase.  I went into it completely unaware about what Fragmented even was.  At first I was thrown off because it was completely different than Repop, but after playing a bit I found myself getting into it more and more.  I can't speak for veterans of this genre, but I can tell you I enjoyed this game enough to want to jump into the world when I can.  It also led me to appreciate a new genre of game so how bad could it be.  There are some glitchy moments in the game and it is weird that I can break huge trees with my bare hands, but as a noob I'm not going to complain.  After doing some research on other similar games, Fragmented isn't as polished as ARK for example (my son owns ARK on Xbox), but for the right price I would recommend it.  Now for me the right price is during a Steam sale, but you will have to decide for yourself what it is worth to you.  I find it refreshing that a  developer who was running into issues with their original game (Repopulation), didn't want to screw everyone who supported it by leaving them with nothing.  So in conclusion, Fragmented which is still early access, isn't as polished as other games, but it made me want more.  For someone unsure if the genre is for them, it is better to pay $9.99 for Fragmented than $30 for other similar games.  For me, I will be visiting my character again soon."
76561198081385427,Recommended,441790,23018752,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,BAF Zura,Enjoying game so far. Can't wait for Oceanic server comes up.
,Recommended,441790,23212449,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Gossett,"This game is full of potential, which is displayed currently, and I do believe this WILL be a great game, however I can not recommend the game at full price, if you can snag it in a sale, I'd definantly jump at that oppourtunity, if the devs keep up the great work this will be an amazing game."
76561198175975602,Recommended,441790,23269397,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,doomside2,nice game 9.5/10
,Recommended,441790,26019024,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Ephixia,"It's got alot going for it. It has some fantastic points, Survival needs to be reworked but the netcode, The visuals and the animals are all fantastic. I have not had the chance to build but will edit my review soon . :D"
,Recommended,441790,26144940,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Alastor,Its a Very Good Game & Beautiful GraphicsBut it needs Some polishingUnd ofcourse its Early Access Game it needs Time to get better in the Future Updates!
,Recommended,441790,22765601,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Kreepir,"So far this game provides gameplay for all spectrums. From casual players to hardcore. From PvP to PvE. The casual ruleset is sime enough if you die chose a nearby respawn point and be on your merry way, carebare winning(Not a bad thing IMO options are essential to a games success). Normal ruleset is the following you lose you equiped items and keep all levels you've gained/recipes learned). Hardcore is just that ..... if you die you start at level 1 with your base gear essentially a new character :P you do maintain anything you've built of course but alot of the highlevel crafting stations are useless at low level so get grinding.Now for the current state of the game. Yes it is early access, but it's done an amazing job for being in such a raw state. Very little game breaking bugs in comparison to other games of this genre. The servers are remarkably stable and there are GM's that appear from time to time who will help you on the spot if possible. The graphics are on par with the average survival/crafting game.  Updates happen frequently enough to see the progress being made. And as for community input... well not many early access games have listened to their players as well as this one has.All in all I highly recommend this game as an ""Early Access"" title. Be aware of what that means. As with any Early Access game there are bugs, and hiccups along the way. Dont expect a super polished game. But it's pretty close... maybe a little more tweaks here and there and this game is golden. But Since it is soooo new I can honestly say I cannot wait to see what's to come."
76561197970838694,Recommended,441790,23455170,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Slightlymad,"Currently the Best ScI FI survival muliplayer out thereThis game has huge potential , it is resource hungry , there are small bugs and memory leaks but by god its in depth.Based on a SWG type MMO this has huge lore , bestiary and crafting aspects to the game , I would put the learning curve at steep and hardcore , not for people that cant handle dying to level 100 mobs who decide to stroll through your farming area.There is offline mode , casual pve , pve , PvP , casual PVP and finally hardcore mode .Some of the items in game , defence turrets , vehicles , charged swords , traps , steaks , fruit juice , bombs , nades , launchers you get the drift go buy it already. Check out my guides you tube ""slightlymad79"""
,Recommended,441790,22904038,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Hidarime_Yume,"Great game. However, guns in the games are just like toys. Low damage and short range. For example, the range of the sniper rifle is just 170m. Are you sure it's not 1700m?游戏还是不错的，但是这个游戏里的枪都是玩具。狙击枪射程170m，短得就像少写了个零。顺便，中文翻译仍需改进。"
76561198028150578,Recommended,441790,22804391,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Kainos,"Not bad at all, though thirst and hunger could be adjusted along with the issue of sporadic spawns of hostile npcs they can quicly go from levels 5-10 to 40+ in the same area. Nice start on the road to success in what little time they been working on this release, for a survival Sci Fi game it's got great potential! Nice graphics and huge areas to explore and resources respawn at a decent rate to help you get started. They even provide Co-Op, PVP and Solo off-line options....should be a lesson for some other DEVS with their EAs, just saying lol."
,Recommended,441790,22769043,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,dragonesslife,I really love this game :)
,Recommended,441790,23387388,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Bodacieux,"Before anything else, this game is in early access. It is the serendipitous game that was created after the Repopulation game was put on temporary hold whilst being transferred between game engines to the new and amazing engine that is the Unreal Engine.At first glance, people may look at this game and say ""wow... it's looks like a sci-fi clone of ARK: Survival Evolved,"" HOWEVER, THERE ARE MANY THINGS COMPLETELY DIFFERENT IN THIS GAME;Just to list some:1. Game doesn't require a beefy computer rig to run at decent performance/graphics.2. The game is in early access with ACTIVE COMMUNICATION AND FEEDBACK between the players and the game developers.3. The basic mechanics of the game much less confusing to figure out early on (at least they were for me)4. This game has alot more potential with broader horizons to expand on rather than just being a Jurassic Park simulator (not knocking, huge fan of that saga.)While the game populations are low right now due to lack of media attention, the devs have said alot about putting Fragmented up for a nice price in the upcoming Steam Summer Sale, and I highly recommend buying this game. Even in it's early access stage, you can still enjoy the game quite a bit, either solo or in the growing official servers, playing PvE or PvP alike. There are casual servers, for those not wanting ot be tied down to a game, and then Hardcore servers, for those looking for more of a challenge than the native species that roam the alien planet Rhyldan.There are some minor bugs, but nothing major yet that's game breaking. Lots of fundamental game mechanics are always being patched and tweaked on a regular basis. What's great about this is the active community involved in the creation of this game-- you're free to be a part of it! Your ideas can become a reality in the tundras and jungles and barren pits of Rhyldan, and you get a front row seat to see it come to life and functionality!If you're struggling to get started, pelase don't just give up and ask for a refund. There are plenty of friendly vets who have been here since day one to help you out and get started on the right track. The forums are pretty active, it shouldnt take more than a few days to get an answer if it's not already answered on the developer-run wikipedia page.This game offers a fairly well balanced survival experience, with level-tiered crafting and that is ever explanding to keep players new and old alike interested. It's not too overwhelming to learn jsut to play once in a while, but is involved and developing depth to it constantly to keep you building and seeking that ultimate base-security and  defensive superiority."
76561198020027165,Recommended,441790,22797198,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Havoc SC,"I really want Repopulation, but this game can become pretty good as well. It is buggy, and servers are kinda bad. but this survival game can become very fun. Looks good and easy to play.Not much to do. Building is very simple. This game needs something to keep players. the devs are activly working on it. but it needs something."
,Recommended,441790,29037323,Posted: 5 January,all,Rustergroovie,"If you're reading reviews because you're curious, then you won't find many honest reviews due to the controversy surrounding this small release.Look, I've played Rust for thousands of hours, and this game is almost nothing like it. It's an alien world, with vastly different notions about its own mechanics. It's rough in some edges, and at the time of writing this, there's about 2-3 players TOTAL playing it.So why am I recommending it?It will be hard to see at first, but if you spend a few days getting to know how the game works, the only thing you'll wish for is more people to have given it the same chance that you did. It's completely functional, unique and beautiful at times. Finding many games like it, expecially at its pricepoint, is not likely to happen often.Though, I understand if that's not enough for you."
76561197970834739,Recommended,441790,26683050,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,stevehl,nice game can't wait till it got more content
,Recommended,441790,24807781,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Hattori,"Great survival game, I like too much.But for me can be better if the game has added a friends' system."
,Recommended,441790,24926838,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Bomb_Bomberson,Got it for free for being an early backer of The Repopulation. And this is basically one helluva demo for the MMO's new engine. My body is ready.
,Recommended,441790,23612514,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Lady La6yrinth,"Fragmented is a pretty neat open world, survivalistic game. Stranded in a world where creatures want to eat you, you start gathering to survive. Similar to other survival games like Rust and Ark:SE, you gather materials to build bases, tools and weapons. Levelling your character allows you to spend skill points in different Skill 'branches', which in turn unlock recipes for you to craft and upgrade your character (+10% health, +105 Stamina etc).Lets look at some pro's and con's of Fragmented.Pros;-Decent sized map-PvP AND PvE servers-Lots of content (I'm 10hrs plus, and still yet to reach max level)-Hella fun with friends-Crafting and building system is easy to understand-Variety of mobs/mob encounters (They're not all easy either)-Devs are now doing more frequent updates-There's a wiki that's cosntantly being editedCons;-Lack of worldwide servers (I have to use SE Asia servers, and it's one with the lowest ping of 150~)-Occasionally lags (Probably due to ping)-Random bugs and glitches (Like bodies disappearing/weapons disappearing, but it's Early Access so bound to be some bugs)-Opening the game is a little finicky (Sometimes it just doesn't open)All in all, this game has massive potential. A big thumbs up from me and I'd suggest it to any of you who enjoyed games like Rust and such. Come give Fragmented a go. :)"
,Recommended,441790,24234434,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,KreatorB,If you like ARK and you will like this game. It plays off the same idea and concepts.This gane is non taxing on the graphics system and runs very well.Totally worth the BUY!
76561197964216750,Not Recommended,441790,30514769,Posted: 14 March,all,Admiral Byrd,"Rundown:The only good reviews are those from people who have literally less than an hour of playtime, or those who recieved the product for free.I was no ""Repopulation"" fan boy but when they took my money and ran, to create this junk in return, was just a shot to the face.Yeah, I may have gotten this for ""Free"" due to their shenanigans. However, they could not even deliver for what I originally paid for. Instead giving me this junk as some sort of Consolation prize rather than just refunding my money.So until I recieve a refund for paying for Repopulations' FULL PRICE. I will consider this company as a theft of money."
,Recommended,441790,24213967,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Mr. Bee,"I really like this game, it's content is very limited but the experience is quiet filled with what a survival game should have..the only thing is that it's the easiest one to stay alive in. Still, really good game.Unreal Engine is the best."
76561198116902197,Recommended,441790,24451606,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,TortuousVirus™,"Love the game do far, it could deffintly use some tweeks and new content, i really like the idea of it and would love to see more stuff put in to it. Keep up the good work. And btw you should add an iron gate ;)"
76561198145074209,Recommended,441790,22758237,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Gunner,"Ark survival is a great game, could be better if they would have polished it before it was finally released as i see it has too many glitches still.. Repopulation i actuallyed thought i could get into the aliens were fun although i wish we had more, and i wanted more community interaction from other players when i first entered it was cause a friend of mine invited me to play since then he ditched me and i ditched the game and requested my money back  so i could purchase another title in steam and uninstalled the game from my library. Fragmented made by the creators of both games Ark and RePopulation its actually fun for me on a solo play i play offline and i am ejoying it thus far and also wish they would ad more i highly recommend you get this game as it is free so it wont hurt your pocket and the mom and dad who made Ark and RePop are involved so this should be a decent game in time."
76561198029253763,Recommended,441790,22694915,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Junry,Wow what a great start. I am enjoying this game so far. It has alot to do for being in early access. Crafting and more. It is pretty similar to some other survival games but has its own look and feel. Worth the money. Every penny!
,Recommended,441790,23681074,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Anthony,Needs a bigger map and the mobs are wayyyy too easy to fight. I loaded in and killed a lvl 30 chief mob with a knife and some bandages when I was around level 4. It would be cool if mobs could make their own equipment and such like players the longer they are in game. Maybe have them build their own structures as well.
,Not Recommended,441790,30180845,Posted: 25 February,all,BJSwensen,"The game is extremely raw.- More than a half of the construction recipes are not working- Inventory is half-working (you can't move some items and they bug your item slots)- Animations of your char are wooden at best- Harvesting and construction is sketchy and non-voxel-based- UI is raw and unpolished (for example, you can only view your HP when your inventory is opened.If you still wish to try it, I would recommend waiting for a year or two."
76561198041275344,Recommended,441790,22696603,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,[OT9] Marie,"A very nice survival game ( this is an early access game ). I had a problem with getting onto the server for the first day/ 2 but devs are really nice and helpful , fixed bugs ect. I would like to see something in the future like outdoor lighting so i can see around my base a bit better / a variety of this. love campfires btw. looking forward to repop soon when it comes back again ... if it looks as good as this game im sold. take my money"
,Recommended,441790,22733262,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Caesar,For an EA this game is fun. Graphics are amazing and so much to do. Sunsets/Rises are something to watch!Most importantly the Dev's are utterly brilliant. They get back to you so fast and have been patching issues daily! It really is something awesome to see.
,Recommended,441790,22656847,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,[SMC] Raptor,"For what it's worth, I got this free due to the repopulation being moved to a new engine and taken offline until such time that the engine switch is finished. I'm probably slightly biased just from the fact that it was free (for me).It's like Ark: Survival Evolved, only even more of a sci-fi theme and no dinosaurs. It runs considerably better as well, though it's extremely rough at the moment. Drop rates and material costs likely need tweaking as well, so read some other more in-depth reviews that played it more than I did (I played it long enough to see ""This is basically Ark, cool) before making a decision, ultimately I'd say grab it if it interests you, it's lacking a lot of polish and is in a pretty early state, but given time it will probably turn out pretty good, if a bit generic (there's only so much you can do to stand out as a survival sandbox game)."
,Recommended,441790,22668143,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,VoidMask,"This game is like grav, but different. Has a way to go, but it's a little bare for now. Still hella fun with friends.Void bless this game."
,Recommended,441790,22681101,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Tex,"Great game. If you have trouble installed the UE4 Prerequisites, run the game again, click uninstall, then go to the Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Fragmented\Engine\Extras\Redist\en-us directory, right click the UE4PrereqSetup and run it as Administrator."
,Recommended,441790,22657524,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,AoD Zimbabwe Pete,"EARLY ACCESS REVIEW 4/26/16First thoughts when seeing this in my inventory: Wtf is this? did I buy another game while sleeping (Apparently, ive done it once or twice)? After reading and finding out i got it for The Repopulation being canned (LAME. No other game would let me be a Robot-building Stripper/ Dancer... Seriously.)First thoughts when seeing the video in the store page: Oh great.. ANOTHER survival game...First thoughts when launching the game: Damn, is that a steady 60 fps? I doubt it, on my system, but it does run really smooth.Lots of crafting to be done. From Stone axes all the way up to using Nanites ( no clue as to thier purpose).-EDIT 4/28/16-After playing a few hours of forraging and gathering logs and branches and fiber, and many Metimucil jokes later, I was able to start crafting a base. Heres where its broken. I spent the better part of 30 minutes chopping down all the trees i could see, only to make a giant ""base"", or a giant platform that you can build on top of- supposedly... I placed the base down and afterward was unable to build directly upon it. Walls dont link to edges, nor do they place directly next to the previous wall. They tend to always give the ""Item is intersecting with another, cant place"" error message. The most frustrating part other than that is the item has 3, yes THREE, colors when in placement mode. Green for yes place here, red for no you cant do that, and brownish yellow for no you cant place that here and let me tell you why, followed by the message of why you suck at life. The third color, being the most prevalent when making your base.-End edit-You start off in your underwear (cause thats how i would load up into an escape pod... in my skivvies) as in most survival games. This one Is more Sci-Fi based than most games, though i did have a feeling for a while that i was playing ARK, if only due to the Ambient sounds making me feel like there was a giant something just around the corner, looking to smash my face in.The scenery is nicely done. Most of the environment can be harvested and used for crafting. Its a nice breath of fresh air to see more than just ONE type of item drop from any one type of harvestable (I.E. A bush will drop Sticks, Twigs, Berries, Fibers, Etc.).It being just released out of Alpha, there are a bunch of things, I'm sure, that are not working/ in place. Like the base building.What i noticed, from the hour i've put in: Creature animations are stiff, if there at all. I was smashing an ""elk"" type thing over the head with my pointy stick. It was just standing there looking at my health get lower and lower. The next one i killed actually attacked me, but then after a few kicks to my face, it too just stood there and watched my health deplete. I lol'd.Some of the character animations are a bit funny. The pointy stick being the best/ funniest animation. Its a pointy stick, but you bash things with it instad of stabbing. Well, at least most of the time.As long as you have an item equipped to the hot bar and have that number selected, but sheathed (hit the button once to pull out selection, again to put it away, Hands come back up), you can literally punch ore out of rocks, logs out of trees, Etc. This basically lets you harvest anything you want, even with a broken tool in your hotbar.My favorite thing, for some reason, id to go into third person mode, and look down. Watching the characters wrists bend like they do... Its funny (hands are still tethered to the camera even though its now behind your head, so they bend a bit oddly).All in all, i cant say i found anything too terrible in the time i ran around. It was a bit confusing to figure out that i level up and have to spend skill points in the inventory to unlock new skills/ craftables; without a tutorial of sorts. Some sort of exp meter would be nice on the HUD as well as the minimalistic one in your inventory.-EDIT- 4/28/16 A little explanation of the leveling sytem skills: Every couple hundred exp you earn (early levels, thousands later on), you gain 4 skill points. These points can be used in the following catagories (Copy-Pasta'd fromhttp://wccftech.com/sci-fi-survival-game-fragmented-launching-april-26-on-steam-early-access-the-repopulation-back-in-testing-in-late-2016/):* CONSTRUCTION allows you to create buildings, props, storage containers, and various types of crafting stations*ELECTRONICS includes the creation of Electronic Devices, Turrets, Medical Scanners, or Robotics.*MELEE provides bonuses in melee combat, as well as the creation of melee weapons and tools.*RANGED provides bonuses in ranged combat, and allows creation of ranged weapons and grenades*REFINING is used to refine raw materials, unlocks harvestables, and creates tools*SUBSISTENCE reduces the effects of hunger and thirst, and allows the creation of foods, drinks or medical compounds. It will also include genetic engineering on the high end*SURVIVAL increases your health and allows the creation of traps, torches, and campfires*TEXTILES is used to create armor, clothing, and backpacks-End Pasta-As you level up, the amount of skill points required for the next level skill is the number of level youre trying to get to, I.E. you want to learn level 3 melee, you need 3 skill points for that, 4 for level 4, etc.TL;DRGood game. Good graphics. Good sound. SO FARIf youre a fan of survival games, you may like this.Not going to give a score, since i have maybe an hour or so playtime as of the first night it was released to us Repopulation owners; which gives me little to no knowledge of how the game really plays, and lets face it: giving a ""score"" to an early access game is like a blind person driving a city bus.... Kinda stupid :)"
76561198032105092,Not Recommended,441790,35128726,Posted: 22 September,all,Gapaw,Fragmented waste.. These idiots pulled it out of  EA after 30 patches.. Another game that fked players over..
,Recommended,441790,22654065,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Mr Retro,"So I got this for owning The Repopulation, but the thing is I would probably have bought it anyway. Great game with beautiful visuals and a hard working dev team. I own just about every single crafting survival game out there and this one is in the top 3. My time in game is longer than an hour because I have had the game for 3 days now and played offline. If you are looking for a game to compare this to then I would say its mostly like Planet Explorers with better graphics."
,Recommended,441790,23908735,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Soviet,"2 Second in a series where i compare these survivor games to Planet Explorers &The Forest (and mildly to terraria and darkout) to help people buy the right game i compare:Thing this game does that makes it special: Higher end graphics.**updated 2016/6/26This ""game"" is using resources from the game Repopulated. Since that game is on hold they made this.1) You level crafting to acquire more crafting blueprints. (like Grav)2) No hidden blueprints/grind to get rare blueprints off of monsters. (Grav/Planet Explorers Has this. The Forest does not)3) There is no digging/mining underground or designing blueprints. No voxels of any kind. (Planet Explorers/Minecraft/Terraria/Dark Out has this)This is The Forest but very rough in terms of fps and story (there isn't any). Looks great but because I had to reduce view distance it doesn't look as good as The Forest or Planet Explorers.)Unfortunately it's not much of an improvement on the The Forest. The story isn't there. Crafting is very basic. You level to unlock more crafting blueprints for no real reason.I will update as I play more of this and other games like it."
,Not Recommended,441790,28656869,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,BobbyB,"ok have to say, not so much into this game. The building controls is absolutely horrid. Its almost like the devs said.. hey lets make the controls on building as annoying as possible just to♥♥♥♥♥♥off players. I seriously sit here and can not count how many times i have said WTF?The pros of the game so far.The world is beautiful and the music is soothing.combat system seem a bit sluggish at times but decentOverallI would have to wait about 10 years before the game is fully develop to buy this."
76561198131718462,Recommended,441790,22745962,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,fatsoleo,"My friends get me this game to play with them. So far we all love it. It's a lot of fun to play with friends. First look, it has lot of unique features. Graphic looks really nice. Optimization of the game is also very good compare with some of the other Early Access games."
76561197979802664,Recommended,441790,24785321,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,rst-216,great game takes a good pc to play it at max settings with 1920x1080 resoultion
,Not Recommended,441790,31487056,Posted: 1 May,all,ForgeDrake,spent 100$ on the repopulation as a backer - got 2 pieces of games from 2 companies that still both are terrible 5 years laterI know what your saying - well thats not fair to judge them on that - I'm not I really wish either of the games was great but I own 70+ sandbox games this is just another clunky build with people who basically cloned one of the snap and slot styles of game - I'd love this game to be great I'd love it to stand above the pack and drop 100+ hours into it but its just MEH I mean its not horrid but its also not good its shiny but there is no real depth to it I can think of at least 7 better similar costing games that have far more interesting systems then this that at least have a niche hook to keep people coming back but this is just ark with aliens to me not anything special (also have a negative review on ark)
,Recommended,441790,22661752,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,de_Logan,I would say this game has alot of things going for it too me it feels alot like Ark but the only problem is its very buggy at this point in time.
,Recommended,441790,22656674,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Blaze_E6,"What can i say, having a lot of fun and then server crashed..... but wait! I posted on the forums and after a few mins the devs actually got back to me! 10/10. Think this maybe the next big thing."
,Recommended,441790,24492373,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,ZyphyrX,"This game won't eve start, it's just not respondingEDIT: After leaving it for some time, the game successfully launched. So I give a positive review."
,Not Recommended,441790,34488828,Posted: 25 August,all,chew0n1t,"The review rules say keep it polite, so here's the polite version of my review -This game is Fragmented by name, and by nature. The concept is by now old, devs will always be looking to create a 'new improved law' around which to wrap the old concept and sometimes it works. Fragmented just is not one of those times.Your expected to run around smashing tree's, rocks, bushes, and animals to farm resources so you can build a base - Been there and done that in so many games, farming is still farming no matter how many pretty colours you add to the plants and animals. Then you craft structures - campfires through to massive bases with forcefields and turrets. Yep done that before too. If only the map had been a litle more imaginative, just take a look at what other games are doing with their maps - mountains, valleys, islands in the sky, etc etc - or the build system hadn't been broken down into over-simplified components and then aded over-complicated mechanics - or the npc spawns were a little more divers, 5 of this at that level, walk 20 paces and you will find 5 of that and this level.After just 8 hours of playing this game it started to feel just a little too much like another 3d version of farmville, with a few nasty enemies thrown in that you can kill with a sharp stick - and yes a sharp stick is one of the best weapons in the early game - and a few extra colourfull trimming's to brighten your day.If you haven't already played a few Survival MMO's then this game may be fun for a while - but to me the cheap price I paid just means I wasted less money on it."
76561198007759545,Recommended,441790,22715245,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,mauvbot,"Fragmented seems to be a very solid game, despite being in Early Access. I have not seen any bugs and have been able to test most currently available features.Good start A&B Technologies."
76561198043972129,Recommended,441790,22735936,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,yuyedi,"ragmented seems to be a very solid game, despite being in Early Access. I have not seen any bugs and have been able to test most currently available features."
76561198165032484,Recommended,441790,31457184,Posted: 30 April,all,thesilenthunter,"idk why everybody hates this game first off i checked video play and updates, and they have fixed alot. ya here and there there will b a bug but its only minor but this game has a nice build system and the weapons and battles r well done. no lag and the guns r perfectly smooth when firing. i like the aliens, i like the crafting, i like the survival idea its a good game in my books."
76561198087108728,Recommended,441790,22661900,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Dagger Dick,"""Wow"" dank meme 2k16"
76561197971446321,Recommended,441790,22662181,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,mutumies ୧༼ಠ益ಠ༽୨,"Caution this game is in really early stage as of now.pros- friendly community- good ping (EU)- skill progress style- framerate- loading time- swim to drink :D- mobs need to have you in their vision to aggro- scifi survival- phosphor mobs are big and scary afcons- starting game sometimes crashes pc- mobs stuck underground- cannot place stuff inside buildings- little to none information about anything, but community really helps out ingame- content wise might not keep you busy enough for nowBuy now to support awesome devs if you understand that this is in early stage hence ""EA"" titled game."
76561197998390308,Recommended,441790,28193464,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Entrused1,"This game is addicting and very well done, minor glitches and character animation flaws. Could use more varied ways of gathering and visual armor. The building system is a bit choppy and hard to manage at first. Stick with it and you won't be un-impressed. Add some more missions and special boss mobs."
,Not Recommended,441790,33710290,Posted: 21 July,all,Fall,"I got this game awhile back for $20 when the reviews were actually decent. But due to the unposlished build of the game i can't recommend this game to any of my friends. In my opinion, the game is so bland and you'll be spending most of your time crafting and gathering resources. Unless the devolpers can some how fix most of the bugs and add new content then i might consider recommending this game. At last, this is only in early access and still has time to improve its content, gameplay, and issues."
76561198104040378,Recommended,441790,34298426,Posted: 16 August,all,Pneumo,"Dont take notice of the negative reviews. Theyre all about a multitute of bugs that they VERY quickly corrected.I've played and love - Rust, &days to die, The forest, Srk survival, Emperion galactic survival etc etcThis game has a solid foundation of a decent 1st/ 3rd person RPG.Crafting, building( prefabs currently), enemies have their own level and health bar, vast landscape, reasonable graphics, feels good.I played three hours without fault, and am about to do the same again in a moment. It feels like its going somewhere, yes, as always, it will evolve if let to do so, and for £5, how can you really complain?Worth a play."
,Not Recommended,441790,34870693,Posted: 10 September,all,Gilga60659,"I really tired to play this game... Many times..... It just has way to many bugs and its unplayable.Besides the super small map and the awful graphics , things like.. parking your car in your base, just to have it randomly fly out of your base for no reason... Or better yet.. you put up a gate to keep people out... well to bad.. EVERY GATE OPENS FOR EVERYONE... no matter what!!The best one has to be when you dont play for like 3 days, log back on and half of your base is concidered ""Abandonded""Its a huge slap in the face for them countless hours of farming... and by countles hours... i mean JUST THAT...Avoid this and buy a WORKING game..."
,Recommended,441790,24493863,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Zellardo,"The game is very good really. Dont listen to the people who judge this game is boring, not work for me or blaa blaa.. What do you expect for game in early access!? The game just need more improvement. I really recommend this game."
,Recommended,441790,22657333,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,KillallHippies,amazing survival game. works great to be early access. this game is going places.most of EA games are unplayable or theres nothing to do. this is not the case. it looks and sounds great too.and most important of all the devs are the best ive seen around giving constant feedback and talking in forums.dont doubt gettin this one now or later
,Recommended,441790,22658050,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,chris1999,great game
76561198048486277,Recommended,441790,22684788,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Baby Raptor,"I honestly didn't want to take the time to write this, here at 4:42am but I feel as this game has kept me sucked in since 11pm, it probably deserves a review.For me this has been one of the most stable EA titles I've played with only a single crash in the 5 hours and that was because I switched from full screen to windowed while ingame and then back again (this good honestly be pinned on my mid range PC). Other than this the FPS was good and the servers never went down or crashed once for me at all.Asside from the great leveling and crafting system, the base building, enviroment and  creatures you face are all unique and different finding yourself in a strage world. This makes the game very interesting.. I've never been a sci-fi person but exploring this alien planet is somewhat captivating and you never know what you are going to find (some supplies you can only fine in different biomes, forcing you to travel away from your home). The base building definetely needs work, at this state it is very good but you cant ""UNDO"" something once you place it.. you can remove your own structures instantely which is very great but you dont get it back and are forces to make or have another when correcting placements. The structures are very cool though in this game, the buildings are futuristic and look like stuff out of startcraft.At the end of the day this game has its unique twist on the genre and the untique autmophere to go with it, the game is an EA title and requires more work, but even since I've played today there has been a 3rd update in the couple days. The community is good, the crafting is good and the survival aspects as well as the foes you face are enjoyable. I will say the combat seems a little clunky and as I said things need to be worked on but this game holds great promise and I look forward to seeing what the devs have instore for us, the game is fair for the price and in my opinion is deserving of the 25$.PS. Forgive me if I missed important things or layed that out really bad.. like I said its 5am and I just wanted to get this up so I  didn't forget to give this game the positive vote it deserved."
,Recommended,441790,22656998,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Notbazzaro135,"At a very fast glace the game is pretty and has promise. It is a nice addition to the survival genre looking at a look taking lots of inspiration from Ark. There is alot of potential here, keep an eye on it or buy it and support it.https://youtu.be/D5OfEERtb-E"
76561197976721768,Recommended,441790,22738433,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Hey it's Ramza,I like what I see so far. Engine runs nicely. Worth a purchase or at the very least a follow. Will update as i play more but the initial impression is pretty solid.
76561198053326431,Recommended,441790,23788207,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Unpr3dictabl3,"The game has a nice dynamic atmosphere about it, the resources you gain from harvesting, etc is a bit unbalanced though, but so far this game seems to have alot of potential and is quite well structured for an alpha that was released so recently, I do however belive you should work on the way the characters are built, they have a very obscure body structure at the moment x) I'll give it a 7/10 out of my own personal views on the game's elements"
76561198015659601,Recommended,441790,24470838,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,GamePsycho,"OK, finally was able to play and my rating is that of a very good game in the making. It's like Mincraft meets Subnautica. Has a lot to play with in building and creating items, the resources are ample and frequent (you don't have to travel miles for basic items). There are things that can annoy any player initially (hunger and thirst) but later on it becomes menial (plus, it adds to the survival mentality of the game). Since it is a game in the making, there is plot so far, lots of bugs to be sorted out....but I do enjoy playing it (mostly offline). Online, I can't say much because I don't like being killed. Anyway, it's a good game to have and play!"
,Recommended,441790,22655259,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Huxley,"Changed to positive review, the devs care a great deal about their game and listen to the community, most if not all of the following issues that I had with the game have been or are being fixed.Really wanted to recommend this.Gameplay is the usual stuff, grind for mats...kill stuff...build stuff...survive. Which is great, I am a huge fan of these sorts of games but this just feels clunky and ...odd.Pros: The crafting and leveling system are great.Cons:NOTE: A fix for this is in the work* Mouse sensitivity has 2 settings for some reason...X and Y axis, and they do not match at all.harvesting of resources is buggy and doesn't work unless you are in a precise postion, animations are off too.combat is just plain awful, doesn't feel solid at all, only reason I know I am hitting stuff is because their hp bars are dropping.Mostly the game feels clunky all around as I said before, I know it's early access but the way it feels is unlikely to change."
,Recommended,441790,24528070,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Rhael,"-It's pretty-It's fun-Theres a lot of things to get you busy-Too much memory hoggingThat's it so far.Action is fine, but melee combat is not dynamic, get a gun."
76561198288340241,Recommended,441790,24478794,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Spocktopus,"The video quality was too high for my computer to run so in an effort to be able to play the game i reduced the video resolution which shrunk the window to the point which i could barely see but it did allow the game to run smoother. So i went into the settings again and changed the wiew to ""fit to screen"" or something similar, but i can no longer tell, it seems while the game resolution got smaller, the options panel did not i was able to scroll throgh it and make changes (assuming they were on the left side} but i could never get to the apply button to actually make the chnages, leaving the game unplayable for me, sothat sucksi even tried uninstalling and reinstalling the game in hopes that would reset the settings, alas to no availas for recommendations, well i cant really say until i can properly play the game, my computer sucks and the game is still in early acess so i cant really blame the devs too much i just wanna put this out there so people can avoid my issue and so the devs can fix it before they finish the game, so until i can verify its bad, im just going to vote it good, after all i am at the mercy of the devs at the moment, and being huffy with them wont get me anywhere."
76561198014930387,Recommended,441790,24588394,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,heinekenkeg,THIS GAME REALLY NEEDS A WIKI
,Recommended,441790,24480928,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,NismoTimma,"After having played Starforge, GRAV and Empyrion to name a few I am thoroughly enjoying this game. It has it's bugs but there are more positives than negatives for me right now. For $4.99 I would highly recommend picking this up and helping the developers to keep this game moving."
,Recommended,441790,24479989,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Chip Patton,"WARNING: VERY PRELIMERARY REVIEW!TL;DR: It's $5.00, buy it. Pong powered by the UnrealEngine is worth more than $5.00.I haven't played this game much yet to fully explore every facet of the game and my review is subject to change with my experience with this game, however, here is what I have for now:LIke most other EA's out there, it has its share of bugs, rough edges, and lack of story.Sadly this game is no differnt, however where it is diffrent is the enviornemnt and immersiveness.  If folks can rate up Fallout4 for lack of story and its own share of bugs because of its envionrment, then this game most certainly gets a thumbs up even in its current condition.What does set this game apart is what you can currently do at this stage of development.  You can build custom houses or prefab houses, grow pets to guard or heal you, you can farm, and you can DRIVE A TANK.  I say that again, you can build/drive A TANK (now, take that Ark, and your ""test buggy"" :P)The game is currently being supported and the updates seem somewhat regular, so I'm pretty sure that it will only get better.Many players complain of crashing on startup, I would follow the developers advice and check to ensure your OS and Drivers are up-to-date.  Check out their issues forums and support forums before you throw your hands up."
,Recommended,441790,25888010,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,[YMH] Fiz,pretty fun but needs lots of work. updates are pretty slow
76561198025633477,Recommended,441790,26042329,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Sinnaps,"The Forrest but on an alien planet, with much better flora and fauna, and no mutant natives!An awesome survival game. I'm guessing all the nay sayers are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at the Repop senerio. Whatever, I am too. That does not detract from the fact thatthis is easily one of the best survival games out there, especially for friends who want to kick around."
,Recommended,441790,24045456,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,A.D.Mynx,"This game is already much better than ARK.Better performance, better gameplay, better graphics than ARK at the moment it's far away from finished, but it seams the devs realy will get it finished! To sad it's very at the beginning and alot of stupid kids already wrote bad reviews without thinking and join back the hype-train to ARK.At the moment (2016-07-03) it's hard to say if the price is ok. i think maybe lesser would be better reviews, but the game seams to develop every week. i wished it has more content now, but the less content is there, works very good and the things that get patched-in are realy well working nearly perfect the most time (not like in ARK 100x 300mb patches later...)The game studio seams not the be a ripoff (like daybreak-take-money-for-sh!t-and-run-studio).I got the game from the ""Repopulation""-cancel thing. As Repopulation was canceled every player who bought the other game got this for free. Very nice and fair action i think! They seam realy work on it and i think its worth to give the game a chance its good but very unfinished, but i think it will make up - time will see"
76561198178120774,Recommended,441790,22680850,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Rαʊεηh⊙lт,Rough to start without a little bit of knowledge on the game play but after a little running around and figuring out the basics its becoming a very fun game to play. Just dont go punching the locals without playing attention to the levels of the guys haha
,Recommended,441790,22680951,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Yodysseus IV,Played this for a bit and I think I'm hooked its a load of fun and there seems to be A LOT of stuff! you can see my first thoughts in action here if you want a preview :)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VcQMD1U0Fhc&feature=youtu.be
,Recommended,441790,23675600,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,The Prince of Darkness,This game is by no meens bad. It needs some tweeking on the resorce management and demand. As of now The Resorce gathering is all over the place. Trees a  10th the size of a sky scraper mostly give u twigs and sticks. wich is realy realy stuped. but idk maybee they'll tweek it. However if this is there idea of a good recorce systum the game is headed down a dark road. Besides the recorces. Game handles fairly avrage. for a Survival game. I wouldent put it in the same cadigory as ARK. but its got potential. As of now Though Recorce systum puts a strengal hold on its gameplay.(((Dispite the resorce problums i recomend this game as its in divelupment. And mostlikely will be fixed and polished.))) just give it time to grow.Id say over all if it is tweeked polished and overall made the right way. id say it has a shot at being in the same cadigory as ARK.((This revew is comeing from somone whos favret type of game is not survival but i do hold ARK prity high interms of achievments. So thats a idea of the potential this game has in my eyes.))
,Recommended,441790,24548445,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Dak,really fun
,Recommended,441790,24467603,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,King Arkus,highly recommend this game
,Recommended,441790,24410563,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,DaLoganator500,ya know pretty good i guess. but the game has...well...glitches! ALOT of glitches! if you like survival games play this if you hate survival games go play the sims 3! i do recommenc ark some more though but its ur opionion so play this ark or rust there pretty much the same and all glitchy but Fragmented is almost the best in the group!
,Recommended,441790,24789257,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,A Gay Cat,Nevermind
76561198195425503,Recommended,441790,25500054,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,PlagueBearer99,"I LOVE this game! Its simple, yet fun. The developers here are very responsive and awsome. They take care of their community. Its great! This is a survival based game running on the same code that The Repopulation will be. Looks great, sounds great, plays wonderful!"
,Recommended,441790,22714451,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Mezo,Didn't get the steam achievement. F*** this game. - Just kidding.
76561198078773953,Recommended,441790,31297920,Posted: 22 April,all,hotspur59,"Unlike many here I'm going to just review ""Fragmented"" as that's what these reviews are meant to be about. I'm not interested in the devs previous history and nor should anyone else be really, unless they're carrying a chip on their shoulder? My initial impression is that the game ticks all the boxes for me:Good graphics and a beautiful to behold alien worldEasy to use and intuitive UINot over complicated crafting (some games go over the top with this)Good variety of resources and crafting capabilitiesVaried alien flora and fauna, some you can hunt/gather whilst others you might want to avoid!Health, eating, drinking etc. guages clearly shown at all timesNice day/night cycle and dynamic weatherNot too mental to start with hence giving you a chance to get goingIn other words as good as, and in some cases better than other games like this out there. A bargain at the price IMO. Am looking forward to seeing this develop down the line.0 Comments	 Subscribe to thread  (?)"
,Not Recommended,441790,32749589,Posted: 24 June,all,gamingneeded,"I'll tak about bugs latter. The game is so basic, harvest, craft, harvest better stuff, upgrade... no point. and the whole and if half of the people who play this met in the same server it still wouldnt be enought to will it up. And the game barking bug, i couldnt remove suff from my hand, which means i cant harvest certain things with the tool i had in my hand at the time. alos if you drop something out of you inventory it is gone forever, and the hotbar doesnt work"
76561197987673251,Not Recommended,441790,30804712,Posted: 28 March,all,Depressive Chicken,It´s just a fragment...
,Recommended,441790,25161675,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,peanut,"Alright so this game is, amazing. Alot of people say it copied ARK but you're wrong. Anyways to a review -The game is awesome, so many things to do great with friends, everything you really need. There is a downside though that really hurts the community in AustraliaNo AUS servers. They may be coming soon but at the moment, I go on it regularly just to see if its had an update for AUS servers. I would still recommend picking it up if its on sale (Atleast 25%) and play with friends on a local hosted server.I give it a thumbs up, but if you're in Australia, don't bother unless you are a singeplayer person, stand high ping or if its atleast 50% off.~Hope this helped"
76561198021088374,Recommended,441790,28998513,Posted: 3 January,all,SA1NT_MaYhEm,"I had some misgivings about this game at the start.  Game started in windowed mode and setup screen seemed a bit clunky, which doesn't bode well for most games as usually the setup screen can indicate how the game may play.  In this case, the game itself is actually pretty good!  For a few bucks you get to run around in a pretty vast enviroment, harvest items and craft items.  Test your carpentry skills or become a counisour of the local berries and beasts!  I'm not sure what is in store beyond that, I've only encountered one type of beast.  I'm hoping to encounter more after crafting some weapons.  Map is pretty huge, lots to explore.  Hunger and thirst elements provide some urgency for your ""situation"".Pro:  Graphically a great game for the money.  Crafting, looting, cooking, eating, drinking, killingCon:  For as much as I had played, it felt as though I played about an hour when in fact it was about 3 hours."
,Recommended,441790,24719862,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Z3USZ61,it's a fun games but isn't very innovative from what i've played to far
76561198121171176,Recommended,441790,28823148,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,roguereaper.77,I think it has potential I mean don't get me wrong it's not the best of crafting games but I find it to be fun and a pretty world to explore and build in.
76561198011657297,Recommended,441790,24937789,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Scorpion,ITs a good enough survival crafter
76561197971964488,Not Recommended,441790,31904802,Posted: 22 May,all,[HdF] Almut Grete,Even after a long time in EA this game still has no more content that 20ish hours of crafting and killing stupid A.I.sThere is not much going on in PvP terms.There is no real progression or survival.The exploring and mini-events are a nice idea but can not provide more then 2 hours of interesting gametime. You end up just spaminmg them for resources and move on to boreing nothingness.
76561198179842635,Recommended,441790,28198114,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Bloodrane,Great game and glad the devs are so responsive.
,Not Recommended,441790,34483624,Posted: 25 August,all,jbertrand,"this has great potential. problem is, the UI barely functions. if you pick an item up, you cant place it, it simply disappears. Sometimes when your trying to navigate the menus, your cursor disappears. Kinda of a game breaker. I hope the dev fixes this, but i think it might just be on steam for a last min cash grab. If UI issues get fixed, it might be worth trying."
76561198067207576,Recommended,441790,24418490,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Dawg711,I have to say I have looked at this game from they day it release. I had my doubts from the reviews. Sadly though EA games can tend to get bad reviews when people that dont understand what they are buying talk abou the issues the game has. This game has some issues. Considering though this game released 2 months ago I highly recommend it. They seem to be doing well with it but lack people playing. This could be in part because of reviews but also for lack of marketing.I plan to have more hours in this game real soon.
,Recommended,441790,30910462,Posted: 2 April,all,Hahahrawrrahaha,"A great start and excited to see where this ends up. It is Early Access, so if you don't want to help with the game, don't buy it. If you are expecting a finished product, don't buy it yet. Like every other early access game."
,Not Recommended,441790,29027006,Posted: 4 January,all,badnesso,"Feels like a slapped together thoughtless survival game with little to no character.  Craft this then that then this. No depth feels like a program rather then a game.  Very basic very shallow.  Recieved it for free and its not worth playing... 10minutes in I was crafting guns at a campfire rifle/pistol/shotgun used the same ""generic ammo""..which was a joke cause my skinning knife did more damage.  AI is super basic as are all animations and actions."
76561198167001546,Not Recommended,441790,28161025,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,tryst49,"After going back to the game following a 4 month break, sad to say that many of the problems encountered in the early days of the game have not been addressed. Pets are still snagging on buildings and terrain and still don't sprint when you do so they often get left behind. The knife is probably the best starter weapon, far better than even a rifle and the sword is still the most powerful weapon in the game and many more little annoyances that made the game hard to play from the start such as overheating having no cure, even by standing in the water for a while.To add to this, animals health bars are now turning white and can't be killed. They don't aggro to you but it means going out further and further to harvest resources like animal fat which is needed for almost EVERY item you construct. After going around roughly a 3 mile radius of my base, there was nothing that didn't have a white health bar and there is no transport available until much later levels so it all has to be done on foot. Weapons and tools are taking far more damage almost to the point of requiring replacement after only harvesting enough resources to replace them. This means very few resources left over to build much else. Armour now takes loads of damage if you are killed which is very frequently to begin with so you spend most of your time in the early part of the game naked, trying to farm more skins to replace your armour again, don't even bother with making Setlang armour any more, by the time you've farmed enough skins to make the armour, the trousers are broken and need replacing.My biggest gripe is that there is still no apparent linear progression in the skills. Some low level recipes still require high end components and some skills are pretty near pointless as what you can craft with them is completely unnecessary and you only really gain extra health/stamina stats or a reduction in food/water requirement.My recommendation: Leave this game until it's been worked on a lot more before you buy it and the existing problems have been fixed. I had high hopes for this game but it seems they have done exactly what the Ark developers have done, just kept adding more content while the bugs that make the game unplayable keep on adding up."
76561198078191511,Not Recommended,441790,34079249,Posted: 7 August,all,LaiStrike,"The game does look good , a bit like ark. While it does have some nice feel to it , it is unpolished , meaning , everyone has lag spikes , low fps at some locations , and there is high ping in most servers ( if not at all of them). I bought it for 3.99 and thats the price it maybe needs to have until it gets more polished because as it is now , i cant really  recommend it. Its visuals are good though , it has some nice, for a survival game , mechanics and it would be better if it had more people"
,Recommended,441790,28840152,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,DTAC Frostfire,"It's ok, they are perfecting the engine for The Repopulation, which is going to be awesome."
,Recommended,441790,28680805,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Cigarettes,"Purchased this as the Repopulation, and am still eagarly waiting for any news of its progress, but this is not the repop, its a different game and I will be treating it as such. And so should the rest of you. Its fun for what it is, and even more fun if you have a buddy to bring along. Seems to be updated regularily, and the devs are communicative with the fanbase."
76561197988927906,Not Recommended,441790,26339884,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,BloodPanda,It's still in early development so proceed with caution. As of right now I would not recommend this game. It is in pretty rough shape and doesn't have much to it.It shows a little promise though so keep your eyes on it.
,Not Recommended,441790,24076401,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Celtic,"I really loved the design of the world, flora and fauna and it also played pretty well.But by now I have to change my point of view from positiv to negativ because it feels abandoned!This is not how early access should be handled!  Put some effort into your games!"
,Not Recommended,441790,24071511,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,SephiaSky,"First of all, they given me key for this game because I purchase ""The Repopulation"" which is a RPG game with Action Shooter mode. Now that I am playing this game,  I have to accept the fact that they change their mind and they are making 1st/3rd person survival shooter game instead. They said it has RPG elements but I don't think so. When gather material in this game, your character make continuous hitting animation on trees, boulders and alien shrubs until you loot all materials out of that node. Everytime I do that it feels like playing as a caveman while wearing a Cyrsis costume. Maybe its the game trying to be Ark or something but they should change the gathering mechanics and animation to fit a scifti crafting game. I don't think that you can build a city starting as half naked human with no tools or high tech gear/machine in a single life time.  Another thing is that trees disappear after you took material out of it. And, the game world is beautiful looking but it lacks flying creatures. When you die in this game, you don't get an option to respawn at your own home. And, your cant find own house in the map. Overall, game still lack of things to do and tend to get boring very fast in PvE. I just can't recommend this game just yet considering there are other still popular and good crafting survival games out there.Nice features that the developer should consider adding into the gameCrafted Buildings can be further modified to serve other purpose.Add gatherer bots instead of manually farm stuff. Its tedious and boring, specially, that this isn't designed to be an MMO.Add option to respawn to your own house."
,Not Recommended,441790,25631886,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Koalafied to drive,"Although this game is still in development, the creators have put a lot of effort into making this game. However, when I last played it I noticed the game lacked a few things such as a pause menu, a proper tutorial (all we get is an intro explaining our mind is fragmented. Thanks but I'd also like to know where I am and how to survive), and a quite extraordinary map that has issues like e.g. having to go a relatively long distance from your spawn point.But I think I was overestimating the abilities of early access games. The game is set in a nice kind of atmosphere for survival but it would help if he had some more of these features."
76561198145156419,Not Recommended,441790,22741259,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Slasher666,lots of bugs and it doesnt seem like the developers know how to fix the problems. After trying to play awhile i find the game VERY BOREING
76561198138154504,Not Recommended,441790,34826630,Posted: 8 September,all,Raspberry Robot,Terrible Just Terrible. Burn it.
,Not Recommended,441790,22695799,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Bob Lebuilda,"This game really could be the next big thing. Just some things need fixed/done.- Guilds(groups) needs fixed. won't let you invite people- Fighting together. Even if you're hitting the alien 90% of the time somehow you're hitting your friend even when you're not close to them.- Food/water goes down a bit to fast,  needs tweaked.- I haven't seen any aliens spawn more than around a 40sec run from the western spawn points.- VOIP would be great hopefully it's added soon- UI is a bit ugly , maybe something better in the future?- X Sensitivity is insane. lowest it goes is 0.01 and it's still doing a 360degree turn with a mm of movement.- Random glitches you'll be standing still and start spazzing out , drowning/falling damage etc- When dropping items for a friend , if you so move at all you will kick those items far far away and be looking for them for a long time.- Also when you die your stuff literally goes everywhere like you just got hit with a bombQ: Do I recommend this game?A: Right now there's not much to it BUT i'd recommend buying it in around a month or 2 once there's a bit more to it!there's alot to say but all-in-all i see this game being HUGE within the next few months if the devs stay active and don't abandon ship like majority do.""Please be the ones that listen to the community to create an amazing fun game!""NOTE* MY REVIEW IS PROBABLY INVALID BY NOW AS THEY MOST LIKELY FIXED/ADDED WHAT I LISTED!"
,Recommended,441790,24960749,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,cutandbrused,great game
76561198091127655,Recommended,441790,22835928,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Cats;),k
76561197990188583,Not Recommended,441790,34373103,Posted: 20 August,all,Sinatr,"Bugged piece of crap. A baby of another game (The Repopulation) borned to be hated.Graphics is ok, the rest is very poorly thoughed execution expecially the UI. Why it was released? No idea, maybe to officially stop fixing countless bugs and making the game playable.Do you like items disappearing from inventory? Then buy this game."
76561198259815924,Recommended,441790,22903919,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,The Duke,it does not work for my computer
76561198090995760,Not Recommended,441790,24551780,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Raul Menendez,"From what I have experienced till now, this game is not worth the 20 bucks yet. ALTHOUGH the producers are still with it and release new patches almost every week. It shows potential but give it some time before buying it..."
,Not Recommended,441790,34373346,Posted: 20 August,all,toxic3005,compleat♥♥♥♥♥♥i want my money back
76561198282759768,Recommended,441790,35315564,Posted: 29 September,all,djmain12315,way to laggy
76561198173606567,Not Recommended,441790,24665193,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,KeinSchiesse,"Maybe as they develop the game more it'll be more appealing but as-is as of 08/02/16 it simply looks cheap. Not to sound like a graphics hoouh but it looks much worse than the deceptive gameplay trailers here on Steam. I went into the game pretty open-minded after enjoying Ark: Survival Evolved and having some familiarity with the survival / massively multiplayer / limited linearity or storyline gameplay tropes, but even with having played that game this still feels like it comes up short in some areas. Gathering materials to slowly develop your character and settlment feels tedious in this and quickly wore thin for me.I imagine as with most games if you give it the time to really learn the subsystems and immerse into the world more that its value begins to emerge more, but I found the disparity between gameplay videos and screenshots and actual game fidelity / refinment to be a disappointment."
76561198161378870,Not Recommended,441790,28685259,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Lord_Raknul,I would not recommend this game at all. I have played for around 20 mins and this game is a peice of garbage. bottom line: its a lazy ripoff of ARK
76561198309060777,Not Recommended,441790,33394183,Posted: 8 July,all,mreffler,poorly polished
,Not Recommended,441790,28950677,Posted: 2 January,all,Odin.,"Got this game for free unfortunately for this game it wasn't worth it, some how managed to waste 2+ hours in this♥♥♥♥♥♥tier joke of a game so now I can't even refund it. At first I didn't even realize where this game came from probably why I played it for 2+ hours to begin with then realized by doing so I've made a grave mistake. This game was given to everyone who bought ""The Repopulation"" a game that fell through, and fell through would be an understatement. That game wasn't worth a penny so glad I didn't buy it for full price, I can't even imagine how the people who did feel about this I got it on sale for like 15$ once the game fell through this one just appeared in my liberary. No warning, no nothing, came right after xmas to I figured I got drunk and bought it on xmas sale, how wrong I was. Don't waste your money on this, they've blatantly stole enough peoples money."
76561198100527717,Not Recommended,441790,30904621,Posted: 2 April,all,ZeggzFL,"D.O.A....... don't buy it, i got it free and i wish i never got it...."
,Recommended,441790,26354787,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,berserker,good...but you should be careful before you payand I hope it will be better
,Not Recommended,441790,31028601,Posted: 8 April,all,ciao-su~,"This is a joke, right?"
,Not Recommended,441790,29550372,Posted: 28 January,all,s4ndm4n2006,"Tried this when first released  and it wasn't a great experience.  Pretty typical of a cheap clone of survival games.  I uninstalled and just tried it again after reinstalling today and lasted all of 5 min playtime today.Graphics:  Environment is ok-ish, pretty standard but very basic looking world.  Effects when harvesting looks horribly unrealistic and although many other games don't really have effects as good as ""The Forest"" when say, chopping trees and such, this one is especially bad.  Just would have been better not showing any effects at all than to do very ineffective ones.Character:  Very plain, boring and quite ugly character design that has little to nearly no customization at all.  Not sure why they even make a character design section part of the game, since everyone will be pretty much clones in different sizes.Gameplay:  it works, is functional but nothing compelling here to make it anything other than a clone of survival games.Framerate is horrible even as this game has been out for as long as it has been in development.Again, emphasis on the fact that this seems to be a cheap clone of survival games and seems to honestly be a way to try and appease people who were screwed out of the repopulation game.*received free but only because I purchased the repopulation which currently is not available.*"
76561198321971520,Not Recommended,441790,29297585,Posted: 16 January,all,mkonyar,"I have to say, I'm slightly dissapointed. I expected something more worthwhile from this game, something more like Ark. Nonetheless it was decent for a small release and I'm sure it will get better over time."
76561198099718338,Recommended,441790,31047152,Posted: 9 April,all,Lao ma,I would definitely recommend Fragmented. Very interesting game. I have a lot of fun.
76561198033424233,Not Recommended,441790,22668668,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,SanctifiedDevil,"Can't recommend. The survival/crafting side seems solid, performance is great, graphics are ok (I feel like the video and screens are lying as it simply doesn't look that awesome on the highest settings). However, PVP is a train wreck. Warping around and gittery. I had a group of friends that literally couldn't see the guy running at us until he was already killing folks..and then didn't even know someone else was there. This game could be a lot of fun but the PVP itself is trash."
76561198099142553,Not Recommended,441790,34911422,Posted: 12 September,all,honsolow,game sucks
76561198003316054,Not Recommended,441790,24456319,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,TacticalPony,"TL;DR Not recommended at this stage of developement.Got it for less than what it would cost me to grab a couple of cheap burgers at McDonalds not including the price of gas to get to said Mickey D's. $5 and it still wasn't worth the sheer boredom that this game induced upon me. The Craftables list is a mess that needs to be fixed asap, resources gathering has each node giving a random amount of items that has a randdomized item list that you can retrieve from certain nodes making gathering wood to build your first shelter a real pain. I like the leveling and point system as well as the multiple recipes that you receive and the small bonuses for putting points into certain things (That was a really good decision on the dev's part). I like the fact that there are levels for the enemies, it gives you a sense of accomplishment when you kill something ""stronger"" than yourself. Takes the building and resource gathering almost directly from Ark, while having enemies you'd expect to see in a typical sci-fi game. This game shows some promise, but I'm not sure what it's promising me yet...Edit 8/4/16 @ 8:18am:Playing this while high from pain medications makes it a bit more fun.Edit 8/7/16 @ 7:25pm This game has a bit more longevity than Rust does at the moment. Stronger enemies makes for something to work towards, and the ability to choose what you want to level up gives you a feeling of accomplishment when you finally can make your own bags."
,Not Recommended,441790,24507617,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Xander,"Feels like an alpha.  It's got potential but just too many quirks.  Most annoying for me was the chat filter - the server was practically dead (on the US2 server, I was usually alone; US1 had 10 out of 40 spots) but because there'd be chat spam every time you harvested or hit something, anything anybody would type would be lost in seconds.  It's mostly grinding and, therefore, not much fun.  Mobs will come out of nowhere and the map has no indication of levels so it's remarkably easy to go from lvl 3 mods to lvl 30 ones.  You also spent an inordinate amount of your time making sure you have food and water."
,Not Recommended,441790,24501349,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Goshen,"I enjoyed this game, but felt limited by the building system, it isn't a block by block system like Minecraft, its more of a wall at a time, or entire structure in one click prefab.I love the graphics...looks fabulous.I love the leveling and crafting tiers, they are great for multiplayer, we set up a server on our dedicated server at the datacenter, and each of my friends are specializing in a different craft.And thats where it ends...there is not much content to the game yet, I started playing another game like this that has WAY more content, and I love it."
76561198328145960,Recommended,441790,33683263,Posted: 20 July,all,Luigi,I find that despite having alot of grinding this game is a great  game and i showed some gameplay to my freinds and not a single one said it didn't look like a great game to play
76561197968692835,Not Recommended,441790,23937018,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,RaVen,"Had potential to be at least fun, but it doesnt become its own. it copies games like ark and rust, but not the good stuff. The inventory is ancient old style. its building is premade stuff you dont get to really build. they say space but only thing space or what not is strange plants thrown into a regular landscape of earth.  i was hoping for this to be good but wasted 20$ on it."
,Not Recommended,441790,24447195,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,MikySpiky,"it looked cool at first but the graphics look compressed at maxed out settings, and isnt well optomized for the hardware it reccomends."
76561198132264096,Recommended,441790,35053021,Posted: 18 September,all,FPshooter,good survival game for the price worth playing
76561197965146044,Not Recommended,441790,24544314,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,b0wuz,"[After 30 Minutes Play Time]:I wanted to play longer & give it a proper go, but I just couldn't endure the grind!------------------------------------------------------------------------------------From reading into it and watching online it looked like it was going to be a good mix of crafting and killing enemies.All I ended up doing was grinding/'mining' resources - which is LMB to attack over, and over, and over.Didn't fight a single enemy, ran past some lvl 9 monsters in the first bit (at lvl 1).The graphics looked much better than they actually are in game.I couldn't add my brother to Guild on LAN and there is no option to party (had to run to physical location).I only paid £3.74 or something random like that so not complaining too much, just wanted to let others know.All told, not my grindfest/cup of tea."
76561198057057557,Not Recommended,441790,24470002,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Cortwrong,im on the fence about giving this an up or down vote but this game could be better i think it just needs some 0mon=re polishing
76561198356698266,Not Recommended,441790,34474764,Posted: 24 August,all,kadinbest,"cant even make a character without bad lag... ive got more high games than this that have little to no lag. i can tell itd be a great game, other than that"
76561198363229718,Not Recommended,441790,34481621,Posted: 25 August,all,Shadster97,Not exactly what I was expecting
,Not Recommended,441790,24613232,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,DarkJake⎠ ⎞,"This game was not worth my 10$. yes it looks nice but theres too much missing even for early access, its combat feels rpg based and lags a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ton unless you turn res scale to 60% and everything on medium for at least 60 fps on my 970, no damage indication  is in the game yet just text saying you did damage, blood is none existent, no footsteps,  being developed really slowly for what it is and appears to be working on less important items then the real flesh of the game, watch videos of gameplay on youtube first before you buy dont make the same mistake i made, i think most of these positive reviews are fake."
,Recommended,441790,32185000,Posted: 4 June,all,ShadowDragon2017,needs some work but other than that its a really great game its almost like ark survivial and 7 days to die
76561198028739931,Not Recommended,441790,26488501,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,StubbyClaps,"""Crooks who canceled the repopulation, and came out with this trash so they did not have to give any refunds.""This"
76561198035852696,Recommended,441790,33635642,Posted: 18 July,all,Tom18733,I love the idea and want to play it so much! But I'm unable to un-equip my pickaxe meaning I can't harvest anything that isn't stone and so I can't progress... Kind of a game breaker! :(
,Not Recommended,441790,28312196,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Theeangryvegan,Paid for Repopulation it got pulled almost immediately after I bought it and they gave me this turd instead. Yay for everyone making a generic and boring survival game. Wish I could get a refund for the Repopulation...
,Not Recommended,441790,28269713,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,SleazyArt,"Where to even begin... First off this game is one of the three reasons I'll never back another Kickstarter game:The Three Reasons:1) The Repopulation (now Fragmented)2) Shroud of the Avatar3) Everquest Landmark'The Repopulation' had so much potential but because of poor game engine planning was scrapped and 'Fragmented' is what we got for our Kickstarter backing. They have the title correct 'Fragmented' because that is what you get a fragmented game. What made the company produce a survival game in an already over saturated market of survival games is just beyond me. There are many other survival games that is better than 'Fragmented'; I can think of two right off the top of my head. About the only thing this game in its current state has going is offline mode, single player. Yet if you want single player survival 'The Forest' is way better.Another issue with the game is it lacks any depth of story, it is another ""I woke up and can't remember anything."" The game even throws in your face every time you load it ""your memory is fragmented."" So dull, boring and lame. What the producers want you to forget is that this use to be 'The Repopulation' before their blunder. What is bothersome even more is this game development seems to lack any direction, 'Firefall' comes to mind and those of us who played 'Firefall' knows of the years of constant changes and overhauls. Yes, I know this game is in development but I fear it will always be in development and it will always be changed when the developers run into snags. Very few people are even playing this as it is and by the time they have the game ready for an official launch if it ever is the game will be old news, if news at all. I logged in at 5am CST and out of the 30 US servers (not official server total but they have a lot) there was 1 person on a PvP server; all the other servers had ZERO.The graphics are decent in this game, the atmosphere is decent as well and the sounds aren't bad. You can play on PvE, PvP, Hardcore PvP servers and like I stated above you can play offline as well as on your own home or office network.My recommendation is to get The Forest, Rust, H1Z1 or any of the other survival games out there. If you have the extra money to burn this game will waste a few hours of your life. I wasted almost 2h and was already bored to tears, it doesn't take long with years of gaming experience to know if a game is a total bust. Happy gaming."
76561198016505817,Not Recommended,441790,26322894,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,IronHack,You're lucky to see more then 20players online at any time. This games next to dead same with the MMO remake.Nov 13th 2016Game keeps crashing after about 30mintues...Now you're lucky to see 5players on at any time normally 0 players online now.
,Not Recommended,441790,29044045,Posted: 5 January,all,CRIMSON,Once it finally loads youll notice  the entire game has  4 online players       4  ....    i dont know if thats are specific but 4 players   so i clicked join on a server with 1 person   it loaded the main menue this time with music   i quit after that so i dont have many pros and cons to say
76561198038335703,Not Recommended,441790,24453706,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Plote,Jesus Christ if you have already ARK or other similar games don't buy that crap you are going to bore yourself to death after an hour. 75% OFF or not still a crappy game. I'd rather go play RuneScape than thisWould uninstall again
76561197970952324,Not Recommended,441790,22697922,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Barahur,"Although this is an EA game it's incredibly buggy and glitchy at the moment. Unless you are willing to deal with losing your stuff randomly, desyncs, graphical glitches (when you crouch holding anything the animation is of you holding a gun), poor video optimization with framerates all over the place even on a very high-end gaming rig and wonky mechanics (you glitch like a madman and spin/warp all over the place if you step onto a dropped loot package for example), you should wait before throwing any money at the title.If you dare play on PVP servers, exploiters and glitchers will be griefing you constantly. For instance, you can be shot anywhere inside of your base by someone glitching their gun through the door of whatever building you are in (unless you've played non-stop since it was released with friends and have enough combined resources to ""secure"" your inner base).You might want to give this title a bit more time to ""mature"". It is very much like other generic survival ""sandboxes"" just in a sci-fi setting on an alien world. Many of the skills seem underpowered and I scratch my head looking at the trees wondering ""what were they thinking?"". They just don't make seem to make sense and good luck surviving as a crafting character on a PVP server. You'll get rekt by the guy who puts everything into Ranged with just enough into the other skills to build the guns and healing stuff he needs.So far, from my experiences melee seems pretty useless while guns are OP because of the crappy netcode and bugginess of the game. It is WAY, WAY too easy to get guns also, BTW. Unlike games like ARK where there is at least some form of a logical technological progression and you require certain kinds of toolbenches to craft things this game requires it for some things but not for others and does it in such a random way that it seems to not make much sense. A gun should require some kind of advanced toolbench, at least a basic forge, right? Nope. Not in this game. You can make an assault rifle without needing any kind of advanced tools at all.It's one of the few games I have seen where I have to say that it really isn't ready yet even for EA, I don't think. It could have used a bit more time in the oven before releasing it instead of, what seems like, a quick copy-paste job of existing assets from The Repopulation into the Unreal Engine. The really rough state of the game right now will only wind up hurting their sales as it compares poorly to similar games also in EA that are in a much more advanced state (like ARK).I will give some credit to the developer for being quick to release patches, which is the only real positive thing I've seen so far.EDIT: I want to say that the developer has been better than many with acknowledging and fixing issues. If this continues, I'll gladly change my review to be more positive. It still has a ways to go though."
,Not Recommended,441790,24563665,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,ReynoldHughes,"I received this game because I owned ""The Repopulation"".Like a few reviews have said, it's very much in the Alpha stage, so don't expect much. After playing for an hour or so, I feel like they're moving in the right direction, but the character movements are still pretty stiff, and the UI is a bit clunky.I'm not recommending it in it's current state - I don't know if I'd say it's a blast to play right now, or even fun, given how many logs you have to get to make one wooden base, and how few logs you actually get from a tree when even using an axe.I'll probably come back after a month or so to see what's changed."
,Not Recommended,441790,28175570,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Excessive Force,"I honestly have nothing good to say about this game other than it loaded.I've been on the Repop. since day one and liked where it was going, but this, this shouldn't be in the process of creation."
,Recommended,441790,22850071,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Noveranz,"Joined, the HUD looks terribleWell I didn't care and kept playing and trying to figure out the game but it seems this game is too ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, what the ♥♥♥♥?Some random goat/deer thing attacks me and kills me10/10 -best game ever İGN"
,Not Recommended,441790,26104476,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,dafuQ-,"Dont buy this game ever , terrible bug and game crashes even i try to lower the graphics .then if i join other local server it gives me no error . wtf you guys"
76561198032685553,Not Recommended,441790,27549755,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Itsune,"Waiting for the REAL REPOPULATION, GO BACK!!!! This is like a Dayz but you can build and craft some stuff, but everything is bugged. I prefer to play Dayz instead of this. Can you just develop Repopulation MMORPG instead this semishooter :/?"
76561198280353442,Not Recommended,441790,34250801,Posted: 15 August,all,Manavortex,"You know i would really like to be able to actually play the game so that i could write a decent review, after reading about the game and watching others gameplay videos i was and still am very very excited about this game. It SOUNDS amazing but we have run into some problems in the first 2 minutes of game play. I mean that literally two minutes.1. Each time there is an action preformed by the game (I.E. loading screen) the game window which can not be fullscreened resizes down to about a quarter of the full screen size. This happens each time that i open my inventory or the game menu wich is annoying, disrupts game play and has caused me to not even attempt to play further. The last time this occured the game window locked out mouse control on my laptop which would not allow me to access the fullscreen comand on the window forcing my close the window and end the game.2. Controller support needs to be fixed. ( With XBOX controller) the menues half work and half fail to utilize the controller.PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FIX these issues, i very much want to support this game and play it. As it is now it is not playable and you should not be charging anyone money for this game, it should not be listed as early access because these types of glitchs and errors should have been addressed in closed beta and for these reasons i have to mark my review as negitive. I will however update my review should the game actually be fixed so that i can actually be played."
,Recommended,441790,25315449,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Dieter Bes,Incredible game!
76561197962079393,Not Recommended,441790,22909878,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,40oz to Freedom,"It's like Ark but without the awesome graphics, myriad of creatures or unique features of Ark.It's like Empyrion: Galactic Survival without the ability to build ships and explore the solar system.It's like a lot of other survival games in their infancy where the gameplay seemed buggy, incomplete and uninspired.If that's your thing, then be my guest and pick this up.Now, on to the long review. On loading up I noticed the graphics weren't anything like what they were showing in the screenshots, everything from the ground textures, to the trees and alien creates looked like they were very rudimentary in their design. What NPCs I did encounter just seem to kind of wander around and attack you when you get close enough, and then if you're just starting out they usually win. There was nothing in the game worth writing home about and it seems strange to me that this has been released to early access for around $20, in it's current state it is clearly not worth that much. Maybe things will improve, but to what degree? There's nothing here you haven't seen before, and it's usually been done a whole lot better in other games.The Forest for example is a very similar game, you crash in a forest and must forage for survival and often you're at odds with the indigineous population. But the AI in the Forest is incredibly advanced, and the forest looks like a forest, not an experiment in hodge-podge textures and shaders like Fragmented.I'm giving examples of other games for perspective reasons but I don't really want to compare this to other games because the development team may take things a whole different direction. There are a lot of survival games out now and as it's one of my new favorite genres I tend to look very closely at each of them. Many are being abandoned by devs due to a lack of interest in players, I wish buying an early access game contractually bound developers to releasing a game with every feature they promised during early access.I tried Fragmented, I installed the game, fired it up, took a look around and decided that they had a long long road ahead if they were serious about completing this title. But unless they add something unique and spectacular between now and then I don't really see a reason to play this over other survival titles that have been out longer and have achieved more."
76561198287055156,Not Recommended,441790,26303691,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Wolfishhorse62,dont get itit runs slow and is SUPER GLITCHYand if you dont like itthey wont give you a refund
76561198106620757,Not Recommended,441790,29144929,Posted: 9 January,all,CrimRoyal387,Curuped file wont let me play the game
76561198047756842,Not Recommended,441790,29324266,Posted: 17 January,all,.tv/GameBeGood,The crafting is crap. Interface is crap. Buildings are crap. Not worth 5 minutes.
,Not Recommended,441790,29246517,Posted: 14 January,all,Pepperzine,"Do NOT buy into this train wreck of a game!  It is as generic as generic comes.  The developers have completely failed in their attempt to ride off the coat tail of the survival games that came before it.  If you’re looking for a good Survival game experience, dodge this bullet, and purchase ARK or 7 Days to Die.  Those games are leaps and bounds ahead of this disaster.  The console port will just be the same disappointment.  I got it for free, and that wasn't even enough to entice me to play through the mediocrity that is Fragmented"
,Not Recommended,441790,24464424,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Nathan,Game is pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥to be honest...
76561197991881614,Not Recommended,441790,22689144,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Thyriel,"It has potential, but there's a lot of work to be done to make it a good survival game overall.The map: Different biomes is nice, but whereever i where it all looked like the same within one biome. And the map is pretty small. (you run like in 15mins from one end to the other)Combat: Hold left mouse button and spam bandages is a bit boring. Being able to outrun every mob is a bit boring too.Crafting: Overall pretty nice and i like that there are more kind of recources then in the typical survival game. But it's kinda frustrating that everytime you unlock something new (like a building, weapon, etc.) that you need a component of much higher level then the thing you want to craft. (for example bed is lvl5 but components require a lvl7 thing)Leveling: Somehow it feels wrong to me to combine stat leveling with unlocking crafting. Would be much better when we could decide stats to increase and independently from stats have a techtree for crafting.Placing structures: I'm missing the freedom to build my own houses by placing walls, roofs and so on. You just craft a prebuilt house and place it.In the end, it's a nice typical survival game with decent graphics but totally missing it's own innovations to stand out from the crowd of other survival games."
76561198317560367,Not Recommended,441790,24508917,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,BlazedTortillaChip,i have the grahical reqirements but the game wont launch or load dont buy till the next update
76561197965028239,Not Recommended,441790,25841168,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Mac68,"I don't want this pile of garbage. I never wanted this pile of garbage. The only reason I have this pile of garbage is because I purchased another game from this bunch of robbers that then vanished into vapour. They somehow thought that giving me an equally large yet different pile of garbage was going to make them look less like conmen....it doesn't.Don't buy it, don't buy anything that has anything to do with these people."
,Not Recommended,441790,29152127,Posted: 9 January,all,Stoik Binks,"i tried to play, cant connect game, cant play at all, cant do♥♥♥♥♥♥and its count 3 hours.just dont buy it. dont"
,Not Recommended,441790,23973066,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Fried Puppy,"I'd support the devs happily, especially because of The Repopulation, but I can't recommend this game. Early access games always have a crowd, I'm not a part of them."
,Not Recommended,441790,22690941,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,emp456,"I tried to play until refund limit to be fair with this game, after testing construction and combat and exploring the map.I'm afraid i agree with other reviews in that this game seems rushed and has problems that are not simple little bugs that i'm sure will be smashed in future patches, but design and basic problems that are not likely to change a lot.Also, take in account that developers don't even have a plan for develop this. If the thread is still at the forum, you can search for that statement. That worried me and, after trying the game, i'm even more worried for the future of this. Not saying that it won't improve and maybe end being a great game (in a long future) but the rushed feeling and the apparent lack of direction and a simple planning is worrying, in my opinion.What i liked/disliked about the game:Liked:-Crafting content. There's a lot of items/tools/constructions to build here. Various levels of tools with different materials, melee and ranged weapons, various levels of buildings (from an ugly wood shack to big high-tech steel buildings, i was just able to craft a small iron building that was very nice, much more than the shack) and, in general, a mix of low tech things with high tech things (a wood fence vs a forcefield, for instance) that gives you a good amount of options in crafting.-For me, game was very stable and without any big bugs (well, in those 2 hours i played of course)-Playing offline, fps were stable and without any drop (playing all maximum, Epic graphic options)Meh:-Graphics are just ok, in my opinion. The terrain is way better than the plants and enemies, that are just...meh. Not impressive at all.Dislike:-Since the start, i had to config X-axis at minimum (too much sensible) and Y-axis at maximum (much more slow movement). It was really weird to almost have sickness while looking horizontally and at the same time, feeling the Y looking so sluggish.-Harvesting is...horrible. Either if you punch with key or with left mouse button, prepare to be constanly doing that to harvest any resource. If you craft an appropiate tool, it's even worse because then you can harvest more resources (but not at the same time, 1 on 1 with each click or press). Harvesting it's also random from plant, rock or tree to the next one: sometimes a big tree disapears with just 1 click and gives you 1 fiber (that's ridiculous) and sometimes you need to click 30 times to collect all resources. And the hitbox of trees and some big plants feels weird, also, so you need first to find it exactly at that point of the camera.-Too much grinding. I'm sure at least 75% of my first 2 hours was just grinding materials to test crafting and building.-Combat is simple and boring. Most of the time, i don't know if i'm hitting or not because the lack of animations. I need to look at the health bar of the enemy to see if i'm doing well. Also, at the start, you do more damage with a stone axe than with any other specific weapon/tool so no point in crafting some things.-Map is repetitive and have too much visual distractions because the plants and their colors, so very confuse also.In general, although i saw no big bugs, seem to be hundreds of little things to re-design, to polish, to create or to destroy in the game, speaking about development. That leaves me with the feeling that this game will need not only a lot of time to improve, but also a lot of success to be able to keep its own developing plus the other game they want to redone (Repopulation).Also, and maybe this is a bit unfair, i got the feeling that all the amount of micromanage for your inventory and the crazy amount of things to craft just to start was a distraction for the 2 hours limit to be surpassed. At least, it almost did it for me (look at my played time lol 10 mins more and...) and all i did was testing and trying to craft a good bunch of things.I'm sorry but i think this don't have enough of anything to be a good game (yet, of course): lacks content, lacks polish, lacks really good graphics, lacks good harvesting and combat systems, lacks good animations and movement, lacks anything that beats/improves other survival games out there and lacks even a developing plan, which is more worrying given the circumstances around this game and the other game. Oh, and talking about anything this has compared to other games: all i did was almost the same i can do in The Ark. Crafting, levels, building, harvesting...i can understand that a lot of this games share some general ways to do actions in game, but the feeling was that i already played the same in other game.I recommend not buying and waiting at least a few months (5-6 or more depending on the speed of development) Anyway, i wish good luck to devs and i hope this will change (a lot) so i can come back again one day and play again."
76561198081554603,Not Recommended,441790,30200050,Posted: 26 February,all,thatchris,"(this has been re-written)Ok so im going to keep the short from what i initially said, I ""PERSONALY"" have seen to many of these sorts of games.I see these apear a lot displaying questionbible quality and never get finished, If one of these games actually gets finished to at least a indi level of completion I would happly play it.But with the sour taste of the other games who had failed me in the past I just don't have high hopes.If it does get finished to a decent quality, then maybe I'll re-write this"
,Not Recommended,441790,26103361,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Ravencypher,For the love of god don't do it..... there is nothing to do in this game. It's boring and buggy as hell. Not even worth the $4 on sale or even free..... you couldn't pay me to play this crap.
76561198300858250,Not Recommended,441790,22788770,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Daliharii,"It is Ark but without the fun. There is nothing that sets it apart from the other survival mods out there.I honestly cant recommend this as being anything different or new or fun. I played Repopulation. I had fun. Fractured, I know is Early Release. I tried to give a fair review, but honestly this was not much fun. It was boring and repetitive even after level 10, with lag spikes on the servers.PROS:↑ The world looked similar to Repopulation and was pretty- but had a mix of bought and Repopulation assets- No consistency in art.↑ I did not have the crashing problem everyone else had. I only crashed four times.↑ Plays decent with only one or two connected to a server. (I wanted to give at least 3 pros)CONS:↓ Very repetitive game play. I got bored early on, but wanted to give it a fair chance.↓ Randomness to harvesting becomes redundant.↓ Cant do anything with map, inventory or any other window open, to best of my knowledge. (Some hidden way?)↓ Clipping in fps mode with upper arms, so went into 3rd person because it was driving me mad.↓ Feels/looks ""slapped together"": Too many easily identifiable bought mods and plugins to feel alive. (Animated FPS hands, Grasspack, Player Building Template, MMO Kit, etc- all found on the Market place)↓ Shadows would appear and disappear depending on the angle you were looking around. Online and offline alike↓ There are bouts of weird invisible collision in areas, though I learned where most of them were. Same places on different servers, so i know it was not my computer.↓ Un-Optimized assets, good thing I have a good system else lag would be bad in more spots.↓ Gliches like all of a sudden being under water for a moment, in odd places when I shoudnt be.↓ Very repetitive game play.  (i know i said this already)"
,Not Recommended,441790,23376380,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,LopezT,"I did try it in a very early alpha state, it looks cool for a game and i guess you could have a lot of fun exploring the world. But ...If you like survival and you want a world to explore with enhanced crafting, there are so many games out already or available which offer much much more for the same price or less. What was most unpleasent is that the creatures you can meet in fragment look ok, but the animations feel like from times when Deus Ex (the very first title) was released. When you get attacked its just a creature standing in front of you repeating a very unfitting attack move over and over again. It just doesnt feel like there is a threat, it feels like there is a computer animated thing doing stuff in front of me.Currently it is a world which i can't fall in love with, i always have the very strong presence to play a computer game from the past. In comparison other survial titles are still captivating and have stunning environment and various creature sets populating the world."
,Not Recommended,441790,30901553,Posted: 2 April,all,Frogurt'ang,ark engine minion lol
76561198075544305,Not Recommended,441790,26634565,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Mapiasal,Basically unplayable at the moment.
,Not Recommended,441790,23643130,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,rhyvall,"this game is very bland ill give a quick summarypros:-awesome crafting system, pretty much the only reason i even played this long was to see what i could create-great lvling ststemcons:-very clunky ai, often jumps from place to place, runs around after being shot rather than attacking-user interface is pretty bad-crafting menu is one big list and theres no way to sort into categories such as weapons/tools etcso finding stuff in your list can be hard-not a lot of people play this game so there is basically no pvp-you lose everything upon death and quite often the game will glith and you will not be able to retrieve it and as you will  probably not be able to create storage boxes for atleast a few hours you will lose lots of progress-lots of bugstheres more cons but these are probably the main onesi wouldnt buy it, its like ark if ark was created by 5yr old chinese sweatshop workers"
76561198026527926,Not Recommended,441790,25193471,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,spam,"Fair disclosure: Received this game when the developers abandoned the early access Repopulation*.Basic survival game (punch rocks & trees, to make tools to gather more resources to build stuff), but it is very clunky.  Certainly not worth paying money for and, given the Dev's track record, it is risky to bet on it ever being completed."
76561198006617124,Not Recommended,441790,33578700,Posted: 16 July,all,Jaswolf,"No inovation, nothing interesting compared to its competitors.Will never leave early bugmess."
76561198041424650,Not Recommended,441790,22723906,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Col_Palmeri,"The trailers glorify this game alot, it looks very nice but you have to grind alot to get to a decent point in the game.for an alpha game it has potenial but at this moment i will say do not buy"
76561198039363907,Not Recommended,441790,25212374,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,kraysellz,"Stupid game keeps crashing! It's loading up my SteamVR for what???? It's not even a VR or compatible so why is it loading my SteamVR? Steam keeps thinking it's VR and I go to my headset and I can't even see anything. When I close out my SteamVR, the game closes as well. Get this fixed! I have no idea what you're doing with VR!"
76561198126783889,Recommended,441790,34069779,Posted: 6 August,all,Jumbos Jimbo,meh
76561198302096073,Not Recommended,441790,26122450,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,The_NexusNinja,This ♥♥♥♥ing game is stupid i cant even load in it just the animation screen for when u just play the game then black then nothing ALL IT IS was BLACK SCREEN i had to ctrl alt Del ♥♥♥♥ this game
76561198042437784,Not Recommended,441790,24412432,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Vedi,"Game doesnt look bad and all but it doesnt work , Seems like developers focused on making everything pretty but forgot to let players actualy play the game . I've tried almost for a hour to play the game with help of one of the staff/dev/mod. In the end it was waste of time , maybe in a year or two it's gonna be worth buying but not today , even for that 4.99 Euro"
,Not Recommended,441790,29331204,Posted: 17 January,all,MasterAce,"Thanks for cashing out, morons.Thanks for the game I didnt ask for, that doesnt have he same basic requirements as the game you sold me and which wont even run on my piece-of♥♥♥♥♥♥rig.I'm sure you have heard this before, guys, but...I am, personally, so ****ing sick of the hype waving, EA dong sucking, fullsail grad's and the Sean Murrays of the world, selling ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t like its going out of style.And there I was, like a god damned dolt, shelling out money, to finance lies.Thanks for making me sick of myself, @$$holes.♥♥♥♥ your boutique software artisanal golden geese sandwich trains.Hey, here's an idea...Get a real job, liars(No doubt you would have no problem finding one,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥)."
76561198001133015,Not Recommended,441790,24496871,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,LexNZ,Loaded game to a non skippable cutscene then was presented with a black screen that turned out to be a loading screen to get into the main menu. Only 4 players online in all US West which was laughable. Initial reactions is that this game is not good.
76561198095217331,Not Recommended,441790,31134922,Posted: 14 April,all,Pickletoes,Garbage in it's current state.
76561197964424831,Not Recommended,441790,22918997,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,HIGHL4NDER,"An unfortunate mess.  I understand this is ""pre-alpha"", but so were Empyrion & Rust, and they were PLAYABLE.My experience:Dreadfully slow, buggy menu system - time wasted setting up keys etc which should be easy and quick.   Then resetting them hours later due to a patch.Pretty enough (apart from the awful rain effect), but spending hours gathering ""resources"" only to suddenly drown on land, be teleported to the middle of the ocean, fall through the terrain, be killed 30ft underwater by a land creature, get stuck in a swimming motion while helplessly floating through the sky at enemies, each time losing anything equipped completely and being VERY luck to get anything you drop without dying again.  NOT A GAME.8hrs logged against my account, it set me back to square one so often I NEVER EVEN BUILT A PLATFORM!!  Never mind actual buildings!This is doing their job for them, dont waste your cash."
76561197985679061,Not Recommended,441790,34052330,Posted: 5 August,all,angstseed,Game is clevery named after the Developer's time investment to the game.Don't bother
76561198285655823,Not Recommended,441790,24483162,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,AI-fu,This game is very boring！
76561198067266514,Not Recommended,441790,30088790,Posted: 21 February,all,lecithinxantham,"5/7 had no idea what the point was, controls very unclear, got a hat killed an alien creature of some sort.. will never play again."
76561198072052646,Not Recommended,441790,31249215,Posted: 19 April,all,Leeloo Dallas,Sucks. Repopulation is back up anyways. Repop still has a lot of work to do but I do feel it could be up to par with SWG given enough time and funding
76561198104268768,Not Recommended,441790,34305007,Posted: 17 August,all,Hades,"Garbage games, so many bug, operation feel like♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198275656494,Not Recommended,441790,26160961,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,DerGraf,how can i get a refund ?
,Not Recommended,441790,22702017,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,OPflex,"Now, before reading this review Note i am aware that i only spent 25 minutes on this game and my review on over that 25 minutes is my opinion. That being said, this game isnt what it appears to be. At this point in time, its not worth 25$ in its current development state. The game has some great ideas and concepts but its so easrly in development that its just not worth the headache that will be coming in the future when the devs start patching it.Character customization had 4 options, skin color, hair color, hair style, and gender. That being said the character model was also very washed out looking and undetailed. I know the game is so early in development but this review is covering the game as i see it Right now.When i first looked at the pictures and video for the game i thought, wow that looks so diffrent from these other 4 survival games ive got. Why not try another? so being the impulsive buyer that i am, i decided to give it a go and ill sum up its pros and consPros:Cool si-fi lookVehicles (buggy)Pve and PvpBase buildingvery well optomized compaired to every other survival game ive ever played in early acessCons:Very Very buggyWalk through treesGet cought on plants and sorta sling shotted around in themNot very pleasing graphics compaired ot picturesAnimal things mess you upMeds dont have  a cooldown so you basicallly cant die to animalsbiomes are kinda bare with things to doRepetitve feel to the whole raid loot kinda themeNow, thats all ill say about this game right now but to sum it up the game just isnt worth 20$ unless you have money to blow although in the future down the road with a bit of development i think this game could go somewhere"
,Not Recommended,441790,22752639,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Soldner,"This might be one of the least exciting survival games i've played, having put hours into rust and ark. Got this game for free because any one who purchased the repopulation should be angry if they didn't get this. This is no different then H1Z1 getting split up they're literally charging for a weak crafting system and a game mode. Go play rust or Ark.Graphics look slightly better then Star Wars Galaxies (2003) which is really saying something. The envoirnment is not really that great to look at and the devs use the same tricks like random glow from underneath that was used in Star Wars Galaxies. I hope no one wastes their hard earned money on this. Only price i'd reccomend this game at is a 4 pack for 10 bucks."
76561198073508055,Not Recommended,441790,24448975,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Colonial Marine,this game doesnt work and i have asus republic of games laptop. i want my money back
76561198322908694,Not Recommended,441790,34388616,Posted: 20 August,all,*YaBoyPenut,DOG♥♥♥♥♥♥and is dead
,Not Recommended,441790,22945656,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Bath Knight,"So far my experience of the game has been as follows: Load into a game where the surrounding look farily pretty, and walk around to gather resourses. I make basic tools while leveling my character, and continue to explore. I go for a swim in the water, and as I try to leave I find myself stuck in the swimming animation on land, unable to perform any action. In this state I am set upon by a blue creature with an axe.I try to walk (swim) away from the beast and manage to return to water. the beast follows me into the water and proceeds to attack me in a normal standing animation, despite being under water. I die and my resourses are scatterred all over. I respawn and return to my death site, only to be chased again by a buggy blue beast that first ended my life. desperate to reclaim what I lost, I ignore it and attempt to gather my belongings. I then am set upon by yet another unusual goat looking animal. This too attacks me while in the water. Again I perish...My controls were not particularly easy to set up and then were reset to default after the patch. and the game only looks pretty on the surface. The animations are clunky and the movement is erratic at best.While the game may be in pre-alpha so far it is simply not worth the £18.99 price. there are many other pre-alpha games that are in a much more stable state and cheaper too."
,Not Recommended,441790,22714834,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,2toetommy,"This I had hope for. Im not going to act like this isnt a early access game that was worked on to give us something to have while waiting for the real game. BUT, it doesnt feel like they even tryed. 10 sec in and my wife walked by and said .... i quote ""OH, did they change ark to add diffrent maps now ?"". I mean its almost 100%  ARK with less effort placed into it.Not I think that this could still be fun for people that got it free for pre ordering, but I cant recomend this as a purchess.I hope they spend time on RePOP and not this."
,Not Recommended,441790,25501824,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Arma Protues,game plays it's intro and never loads GG 1 trap/ 20 profile pics
,Not Recommended,441790,23834919,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,ebrainiac,"Not right now... I didn´t like the graphics, couldn´t get those like in the previews as opossed to Ark Survival Evolved (even in the early stages).Didn´t like the way you manage your inventory and building (so much like old RPGs)Sorry but overall, didn´t like it"
76561198009980449,Not Recommended,441790,24793391,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Chromezy,"It feels just like ARK... just really buggy, and less original"
76561198046781319,Not Recommended,441790,23601606,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,AnzyVee,"I've played this game for a little over 4 hours now. I'm pretty into games similar to this such as ARK, 7 days,Rust etc but I have to say, to me, this games doesn't match up to them as is at the moment, not even close.I do realise this is 'Early Access' and there's still a lot to be done but I played all 3 of the other survival games during their early access and even beta in some cases and they had so much more going for them at that stage than Fragmented does at the moment.(This is based on a 4 hour play by me and my brother on a private server with just us on)Pro's:- It looks pretty- Doesn't seem majorly buggy like a lot of early access games can be- Quick to pick up- Decent landmarks to find your way around- I can imagine it being ok for pure, go crazy, kill everything pvp but not as a survival gameCon's:- The building side of things is quite poor, it seems that everybody will have bases that look almost identical, you can't seem to custom build your buildings it's just a premade shelter that you plonk down inside of a fenced off 'base area' that you can kind of build yourself in a very drab way. (If you like the base building side of survivals I definitely wouldn't recommend this)- You can advance way too fast, within a couple hours we could kill everything we saw from a distance with a crappy little pistol.- Crafting itself is quite boring compared to other games i.e. you can make 'crafting benches' such as stove/forge etc but you can't interact with them for a 'crafting experience', you literally just stand next to the bench and select what you want on the main crafting menu.- Combat is quite jerky/jumpy and really isn't up to par with other similar games.- At the moment there's no real point to the game, we didn't feel threatened by any of the wild creatures, we didnt come across any dungeons/mini caverns/collectables/drops etc it seemed as though we'd done everything in a few hours and we were taking it slow.Some major changes need to be made for this game to be anything other than yet another quite boring open pvp with nothing setting it aside from every other pvp out there. We were hoping for a great survival type game with a sci-fi feel and we didn't really get that at all, if anything it was just a forest with a couple alien like creatures plodding about.I really hope this takes a slightly different direction and becomes potentially a great game but as is now and the way it seems to be going it will just be another pvp with nothing different going for it.£15 is way too high, would of been happy at about £5 and as is and the direction it seems to be going, based on my experience I wouldn't recommend, I will adjust this review in the future if the game proves me wrong."
76561197980177509,Not Recommended,441790,23229112,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,WD402,"Not currently, I would wait a little longer for this porduct to be flushed out. The intentions might be good but its not worth the price. I was lucky enough to have gotten it for free and still feel it needs more time. If you want to be apart of the growth of this game then go ahead, but you are paying to be in a Alpha."
76561198202599522,Not Recommended,441790,29562188,Posted: 29 January,all,Pope,lousy.....
,Not Recommended,441790,24787340,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,BinkieMcFartNuggets,"Refunded it in 15 minutes, wasn't worth $5. The devs didnt put much work into the ui or textures"
,Not Recommended,441790,22685947,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,[|||] Magnum Force,"Note: I changed my review from recommended to not recommended.Reason:The more I play fragmented, minute wise, the more boring it seems to get for me. That's probably based upon the fact that I'm not a real MMO fan and the ruleset with Fragmented feels just like that to me.I'm grinding away to get certain stuff done, but I don't feel any motivation to achieve something ingame.Fragmented,Is a game in very early access. Does that mean it's unplayable?No, as a matter of fact it's very playable, but you have to deal with some things that might be kind of frustrating in the beginning; or might feel unlogical.The game does certain things in a different way than for instance Ark: Survival Evolved, Empyrion: Galactic Survival and Creativerse. And I mean the part about crafting.Example:At this moment when I want to create an object that requires a campfire or a mortar and pestle then I just stand next to the object and enter my personal crafting menu to create the object straight away. I don't access the required object's inventory as to speak.It's not hard to grasp, but feels, I don't know, a bit off when you ask me.Besides of that, things run smooth. Graphics are okay and nice although I expected the trailer quality which doesn't 100% reflect ingame when all is cranked to epic and above. But, alright, I can live with that.Ofcourse, I probably just scratched the surface of this game, but it does feel and breathes early access, so you should be willing to accept that if you decide to buy this game.At this moment I do recommend the game, if you're okay with early access, but I don't recommend the game for the following reason:The developers of Fragmented canceled/put on hold the ""Repopulation"" game which uses the Hero engine. As a result they came up with Fragmented which uses the Unreal engine.Smart choice you might say, well, I'm not so sure.Right now when I'm playing the game it feels like they where forced to choose this path to keep earning money.To me it doesn't feel like they will actually put out a better, bigger version of Fragmented in the near future.The over all quality of the current state of the game doesn't reflect that.I do hope for the best, but expect the worst. Pessimistic, maybe, but with todays game developers quiet realistic I would say.Why buy now?Early Acces in general tends to be cheaper. Games that get out of early acces tend to increase in price upon launch. (Well, just wait a couple of months after launch to buy it at a reduced price. So, there's that as well.)Why shouldn't you buy?If you're not sure if the developers are able to deliver, don't buy. Did you watch the trailers and read some other reviews? Do you still have that feeling: ""Hmm, looks cool, might be okay, dunno; but I want a new game(?)""Don't buy this just yet. Stick to a more fleshed out crafting game instead."
,Not Recommended,441790,29613447,Posted: 31 January,all,ruptureMG,Never Ever Ever Works
76561198038645743,Not Recommended,441790,29660503,Posted: 2 February,all,chaos serpant,CRAP= cannot start game/choppy graphics can play any game but this one
,Not Recommended,441790,22728831,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Phuzzylogic,10 years old in technology.... not up to par with any survival game
76561198116542456,Recommended,441790,30317249,Posted: 4 March,all,K0daLY,"This game by far is one of the best Open-World, Futuristic, Survival games. I've been looking for something like this and the developers gave us that oppurtunity. Don't listen to the stupid ""Repopulation"" fan boys. This is Fragmented for Christ's sake. To all you fan boys who like sucking off of Repopulation, then go play that game and stop hating on this one. I love this game so far and the devlopers should really bring back these players for multiplayer because I'm a huge multiplayer person. At least use the game ""Subsistence"" and their aspects. In and offline world, they have AI Bots and Hunters building their own bases which gives the multiplayer feel. To the Devs, please continue this game with amazing updates because im looking forward to playing more. Thanks"
,Not Recommended,441790,24437473,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Comic,"This game is not fun, its worse than ark, and i would rate it a 2/10 sorry devs"
,Not Recommended,441790,26299472,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,123Zeus,pls no buy
76561198007565894,Not Recommended,441790,29723994,Posted: 5 February,all,brvt7efk,Absolutely lame and not intuitive at all.
,Not Recommended,441790,22685091,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,[SSA] Carl (Ratchet),Copypaste Ark Clone with Repopulation Assets. Meh.
76561198102052243,Not Recommended,441790,26447189,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Tali'Zorah nar Rayya,"Crooks who canceled the repopulation, and came out with this trash so they did not have to give any refunds."
76561198113423497,Not Recommended,441790,22692282,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Hessian30,"This is a♥♥♥♥♥♥game that is half heartedly slapped together to try to appease players that paid for their last broken, unfinnished game. ""the repopulation""is no longer available and i paid a sight bit more than 20 dollars for it. This is a money grab guys, save your money!!!!! Buy arc or something. I have logged some hours in this game and i can honestly say this would have never passed for a game 10 years ago. RUN AWAY"
76561197975670527,Not Recommended,441790,22749636,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,demonz,"This game is simply, HORRIBLE. DONT PAY FOR THIS. If you played Ark Survival, u will never like this game for sure. Theres alots of bug, your weapon disapear everytime u take it... its always ♥♥♥♥ing ez..  i get an iron base in the first hour of play, and i dont know why but i just dont need to protect my self.. i can run away of everything on the map.SUX."
,Not Recommended,441790,24797340,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,CocaoBerry,no do not buy this game it is horrible.its just a rip off of rust.
76561198049731603,Not Recommended,441790,24437220,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,The Black Hand,Just play ARK.
,Not Recommended,441790,24794268,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,R4NC1D,Can't recommend a game that won't play.  Just starts a redist intall/uninstall
76561198129782691,Not Recommended,441790,24802676,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,God-King Andrew,Wouldn't even load
76561198039979840,Not Recommended,441790,23031585,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,namknir,"Never pay for an ""early access.""  So much for Repopulation."
,Not Recommended,441790,23404739,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Darkness,"3/5 stars for PVE1/5 stars for PVPPro's overall smooth gameplay no lag or chunckyness and my computer is a peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥so thats saying somethingGameplay it self on the other hand is alphaPvp is pretty much broke atm any 2 man team is way stronger then any solo since level cap and skill limitations( you can respec but RARE) Update in game shows PVP only on a decline (6/10/16)Turrets are broken and the main reason i only have about 30hrs as of writing this review There is no limit to how many u can have theres no defined range they do not need to be able to see u able to go throught mutliple walls,rocks EVERYTHING so dieing randomly cuz u got with in a football feild of a guyz base ur crispy so fast ur wondering where the ♥♥♥♥ the tesla isCrouded pvp server be sure ur gonna get stomped and all the time dodging op Turrets which cost no ammo or power to maintain with no limit to how manyPve is overall alot better then most games out there with multiple looting methods and multiple diffrent mobs  Durribility on tools and weapons feels good but could use more indicationOver all would Wait in its current stage and the Devs seem to update frequently"
,Not Recommended,441790,24435992,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Pascal,This game isn't anything like the repopulation was supposed to be.
76561198084952660,Not Recommended,441790,22662298,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,FinalBoss,"game frequently crashes giving me no time to build and explore, very annoying. If you are willing to withstand all that frustration then by all means download the game. It has potential, but im not wasting my time until they fix that issue. Im more excited about Shattered Skies, yuh dig."
76561198064830719,Not Recommended,441790,24928571,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,⇏BFE⇍ Sacraficed,I Bought repop and got this ... as far as early access goes its good they didnt let there original game just die without compinsating the original backers for it but if i wanted just another survival builder i would have stuck with 7dtd and ark that advertise what you buy ... NOT THIS
,Not Recommended,441790,22661233,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Gunslinger,I really wanted to like this game.  after spending money on their last game for it to be ditched.  i did not expect anything in return.  We got this and ermm well its pants.  Early access I know but please give us something diffrent or better.  At the moment this is trash  Graphics are poor (to be expected early access) sounds again are poor.  In fact every aspect of thsi is poor.  Its boring as hell.I might come back in a couple of months and try again but at the moment dont bother.
76561197995266558,Not Recommended,441790,22861539,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,hUbert,"Paid for The Repopulation, I get a Rust clone instead.I also paid for Rust, I got nothing of interest. Why would this game, which is 2 years behind Rust in terms of content, achieve anything the other hasn't ? Why are early access survival games still a thing in 2016 ? Why is Fragmented applying the same inefficient formula while also diverting dev resources ?No one knows.Perhaps the Repopulation will be reborn from its ashes, at which point it will be worth trying. It's uncertain. What's even more uncertain is why anyone would buy this game."
,Recommended,441790,32380152,Posted: 12 June,all,Supreme Patty,good survival game
76561198040690095,Not Recommended,441790,33447915,Posted: 10 July,all,ExplodingBull,"I honestly have no idea how the hell I got this game, it just appeared one day."
,Not Recommended,441790,22776918,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Gannon,Game has a bug for some where you get a C++ error telling you to update you will and will not fix it. The dev's will tell you to uninstall this re-install that. you go to the microsoft website you'll downlaod this and that and guess what the bug will still persist. This happened to me in starbound but they fixed it. yet this game says its the clients fault. well I haven't had this issue in 2 years with any other game or program yet they say its a client issue. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
,Not Recommended,441790,29313528,Posted: 17 January,all,Rusyn,Let this cop-out bait and switch release rot.And never support these devs again.
76561198027435254,Not Recommended,441790,31929172,Posted: 23 May,all,Murder_Punch,"I never asked for a refund for Repopulation as they promised this would be all sorts of goodness and hey, they added it as compensation for free. This is without a doubt the most ball-stabbingly irritating thing I have ever attempted to endure in a game. Now apparently the repopulation is back and under new devs (?!?).Want. Money. Back (for repopulation)+10 nutshot simulator"
76561198018330802,Not Recommended,441790,24005324,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,MastaH,Damn game wont even load for me!!!   Negative review until fixed and want my money back.  Everything ive searched for troubleshooting this does not work or forum discusion resolution never completed.
,Not Recommended,441790,28201779,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,GamertagIsAnt,eh
76561198120273486,Not Recommended,441790,24422898,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,weeb,needs work
76561197966973931,Not Recommended,441790,22659455,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,IKilled!Teddy!,"Ark nailed it before you guys did... This game is old news and alot more buggier, whaste of time relly."
,Not Recommended,441790,29812512,Posted: 9 February,all,Jefferson,its♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,441790,23854778,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,DC,All but one EU server was empty.
76561198244741094,Not Recommended,441790,28170732,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,metrojohnny,gay
,Not Recommended,441790,33015703,Posted: 29 June,all,SheshO,bored :(
76561198000477265,Not Recommended,441790,22667881,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,▰GreenPixel▞,"on bf4 i get 300 fps , on this lag engine 4 i get  28 fpsalso i can run triple head 1080p arma 3 >60 fpsmy specs as follows7750 (gcn 1.0 dx 12 compatible) crossfirei7 4790k stock (4.4 ghz)8 gb ddr3and dont say that >100 usd card can run it >60 fps, thats simply stupid thinking, if i can run other games just ok why cant this game run at same performance ? its all about craptastic engine that only supports one brand of gpu, also thats the reasoo i chose unity 3d for my projects."
76561198002786866,Not Recommended,441790,23546692,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Obo,Not enough yet but maybe it will be fun later. Car needs improvements and combat is rough.
,Not Recommended,441790,23474494,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Fortified Nonsense,"I purchased the Repopulation, and that's how I ended up with this game. I was actually excited to find out they had given out a free game that they're working on, even though they're currently also working on fixing The Repopulation.I realize I have only 0.3 hours in the game, and typically I wouldn't bother reviewing a title with such little game time, but in this instance, I feel I need to, because I honestly feel like they're trying to do a quick money-grab while they work on something else.So the visuals are pretty horrible. Everything in this game looks pretty bad. The game play sucks as well. Imagine being able to chop a 50ft tree that's 5x as large as you down with your bare hands. . . in 2 chops. That's this game.That tree takes 2 chops to make it ""disappear,"" while a tiny bush take 4x as long to ""gather"" completely.Samr Berry - does that sound familiar? Yes, that's an Ark rip-off.This whole game feels like they didn't even develop it. It feels like they grabbed a ready-made game, slapped some textures on it, threw a 20.00 price tag on it, and called it a day until they can finish porting The Repopulation.I simply cannot recommend it, because we've all been burned time, and time, and time (and time) again on these EA titles. . . I do not recommend that you spend 20 bux on this scam.In order for this game to become anything worth a damn, it's going to need a complete and total overhaul of the graphics, the animation, the sounds, the naming conventions, the UI - everything. Sorry, but don't buy this game - it's a waste of your money."
,Recommended,441790,24421467,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,BharramundiDangerous,The uninstall button works;)
76561198298999377,Not Recommended,441790,22657191,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,jdp06092,to many crashes and horrible frame rate with way to many bugs even for early release and no tutorial
,Not Recommended,441790,23618974,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Bigdan99,"Nobody plays it and its hopelessly complicated and unfun. Games like Rust succeed because of their simplicity, the ability of anyone to get into the game and have something respectable in an hour or two. But this game requires you to memorize its weird lingo, odd keybinds, and obtuse rules while still providing an uninteresting PvPvE game. If this was made to replace The Repopulation, it failed miserably by being less interesting, less creative, and less intuitive. DO NOT BUY for $20 at this point; I'll update my review if the game manages to bring itself back in later updates."
76561198283982548,Not Recommended,441790,24797126,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,mmoore1062,RUNS AT A VERY LOW PING ALSO IT DOESNT RUN WITH FULL SCREEN [ waste of money ]
,Not Recommended,441790,23031976,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Pelathius,"0.1 hours was enough for me.  The Repopulation looked very promising. This to me was almost if they took ARK and retextured it with their stuff, i regret paying for repopulation, only to get this in return. Dissapointed."
,Not Recommended,441790,23512397,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Acerbic,"Cons:Made me download Windows updates.Unskippable Intro scene.Awful load times.Temperamental fullscreen mode (randomly minimizes during loads)Lags horribly for a game with graphics no where close to those promised.Pros:It was free, I guess?"
,Not Recommended,441790,24017477,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Swirlsie,This game is a horrible nightmare.. what a HUUGE mess!
76561197976561887,Not Recommended,441790,23358638,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,✞JMullins,"I got this for free due to buying the repopulation... and at a few minutes in I could already tell it was going to be another generic unbalanced rust clone, in fact it felt A LOT like a futuristic ARK, which you can also read my review of to get more information on just how I feel about this trash lol... Want decent balance in a sandbox, try Life is Feudal and don't waste your money on this abomination..."
76561198298043433,Not Recommended,441790,23331808,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,CrackHead,-Needs a lottttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt of work. I wish i hadn\'t purchased this. Game mechanics suck tools vanish sounds happen before you even hit anything monster attach from inside trees the list goes on and on. Characters look silly and thats just the first 5 minutes. You probably should not have released this until you fix 90% of the issues i see.
76561197960391229,Not Recommended,441790,22975471,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,LokesHusse,"Laggy, stiff and utter crap. DO NOT BUY!Played for about 1h and then refunded it. What a pile of crap."
76561198022315953,Not Recommended,441790,24984831,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,DevoidedWolf,What is this even?
76561198309436298,Not Recommended,441790,31320408,Posted: 23 April,all,irisnelson,it dos not lode
76561198237796888,Not Recommended,441790,23490006,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,virtus,"i have a gtx 750ti and an amd fx 6300, not an amazing pc by any means but good enough to run every game in my library  at medium to high.   so it was a shame that this couldnt retain a steady 30fps on the lower settings for me at all therefore i refunded, just a heads up to those without monster pcs to be aware this is not well optimized."
76561198066258459,Not Recommended,441790,23621431,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Pink,"Really bummed about what happened to The Repopulation. I have not really given this game a shot so I cannot down vote it for what it is, but I'm downvoting for the fact that such a great game was taken away from the community."
76561198172267333,Not Recommended,441790,32230605,Posted: 6 June,all,stavrotheo72,works....  like♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198003620786,Not Recommended,441790,23532420,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,NaturalSelection,Who do i have to blow to get my money back?crafting system is crapso many glitchs it felt like i was playing EQ1the Players look like they suffer from a skin conditioni feel is though this game sould be on the Wii
76561198046915374,Not Recommended,441790,24877874,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,The Vulture,horabel dosent even work! weste of money
76561198032068105,Not Recommended,441790,31568906,Posted: 5 May,all,matt1184,I am waiting for this game to get decent reviews....
76561198296603950,Not Recommended,441790,32430897,Posted: 15 June,all,Night1005,This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,441790,32014798,Posted: 28 May,all,Roscoe,Sh*t game
,Not Recommended,441790,24687080,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,sKin,"wow, good job this is free if you we silly enough to trust that the repopulation would ever get off the ground....ARC unevolved would be a better title."
76561198165393427,Not Recommended,441790,24332617,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,RisingReaper69,Want a helpful review about this game before you buy it?! Disapointment. There you go money saved.
76561198346862181,Not Recommended,441790,31507974,Posted: 2 May,all,Unseenshadow9,DON BUY THIS GAME
76561198045453649,Not Recommended,441790,24337479,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,doskido,This game is pure AIDS.  It's going to be just like Starforge.
76561198266082758,Not Recommended,441790,24730456,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,[REDMASTER],This game is really decepointing nothing wrong like it's suppose to the map as no used at all the offroad vehicule turn up side down and there no way to put them back on wheel so I think im done whit this game cause it boring like hell to always figth whit machine we try to build and the resources we spend on those builting it's really frustrating. So for now im done. Maybe later in 2 or 3 month I will try again but for now im done whit this game. Sorry guys for the bad review but that what it is.
76561198058328101,Not Recommended,441790,24717953,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,☣Omae wa mou Shindeiru﻿™,This game gave my Pc CancerR.I.P Sally
,Not Recommended,441790,22883366,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,LUST,LMAO!!! aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHa!!!!S
76561198005470247,Not Recommended,441790,24236767,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Chris,This is what happens when developers can't make up their minds and make poor development choices.Poor sad sods.
,Recommended,441790,24623171,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Brianibrain,"I've taken more time to play this game after my last review, and it's actually really fun to play. Granted there are no clear objectives, but neither was there in Minecraft. I see this game as a more graphic version of Minecraft. And if you want objectives, open your recipe list ""L"" and see what you need to gather. If you have bought this game, give it a chance.Here is my playthrough:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UcEOSrQOjp8"
