user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,441830,32077044,Posted: 30 May,all,Pennycook,"A charming JRPG with a great soundtrack and an interesting battle system,I Am Setsunais definitely worth your time.It is a little short compared to many other JRPGs -- coming in atonly20 hours -- but for good reason; it is not unnecessarily padded with fetch quests, grinding in preparation for overpowered bosses or slogging through random encounters.  I don't completely hate these things, butSetsunais a refreshing change of pace that demonstrates how unnecessary they can be.The battle mechanics feel very much like a combination of two of Square Enix's most popular (Final Fantasy VIIandChrono Trigger).  Techniques and Support Abilities slot into your equipment (much like materia), and characters can work together to perform devastating Combo attacks (assuming that they have the right techniques equipped).  Throw in a new ""Momentum"" mechanic that gives each Technique a bonus effect when timed correctly (e.g. heal the user, apply a status ailment) and you have a plethora of different tactics to choose from.My only problem with the game is that the Save points can be quite far apart, especially inside some of the later dungeons.  This isn't a difficulty issue, but a scheduling one --Setsunaisn't a game that you can drop into for less than an hour."
,Not Recommended,441830,24435637,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Sora Blue,"Like a few others, I want to recommend this game. I really do. But... it has quite the number of shortcomings that just make it impossible to do so. (I was going to remain neutral on it, but after writing this... I have to go against recommending I Am Setsuna.)Pros:-Battle system is fluid-Beautiful scenery*-The details of the artwork is exquisite and leave little else to be desired. More simply: great art.-Soundtrack is beautiful*-A lot of unique models (Very, very few reskins)-They brought back the chrono trigger combat feel-Highly Customizable skill sets (Fluxes)-Every character has a distinctive feel in combat. (Their specialties really stand out.)-All Characters gain experience. Even when not used in battle/K.O.'ed. (Characters not in battle get less Experience, but it's not enough to cause too drastic of an issue.)-Maybe a few others that are escaping meCons: (I'm so sorry.)-Battle system - You can spam a lv1 ability on Endir (Default name) and eliminate every non-boss/unique encounter in the game in 1-hit. Especially when you get one of the last 3 weapons for him.-Characters had potential, but you do not go into it enough in my opinion. It was quite difficult for me to be emotionally connected to them.-The soundtrack is 100% composed of the piano. It is intentional, it is pretty, but man can it get repetative.-If you don't like the snow, this game is not for you.-Some of the battle mechanics (fluctuations) rarely occur to make any form of difference.-Legitimately every battle consists of tank and spank.-Haste breaks the game (How to wreck everything, easy mode style).-No enemies can clear your buffs (Again, haste breaks the game).-The central theme is sorrow -- But it feels more simply dreary than anything else.-Your choices have 0.1% impact on the game. (There is 1 incident that it does, but that's a spoiler)-Content is heavily lacking for the pricing of the game. $20 game? Sure. $40 game? Definitely not.-The unique encounters are infinitely harder than the actual bosses themselves.-No seriously, the unique encounters will wreck your sh*t compared to the actual bosses.-Final Fantasy X? Tales of Symphonia? Meet your kid brother.Note: Yes I have finished the game. No I did not rush. Yes, I probably (in fact I know) I missed some of the sidequests. However I did not miss all of them. That is why I'm writing this review.Post Edit : Clarifying some things. Final Fantasy X and Tales of Syphomia are listed in the cons for I Am Setsuna. The reason being is that I Am Setsuna did not feel nearly as impactful as the other 2 listed. That is my opinion, you can have your own as well.Something to keep in mind: Fluxes are highly customizable. This is something I didn't mention before but is incredibly impactful, simple once understood, and enjoyable. (I believe steep learning curve in the beginning would be the proper term?)In addition to the customizeable fluxes, you can remove your healers in favor of spec'ing your fluxes to be able to heal instead. I.E. You actually don't need a character that can heal, as all your characters can be able to do so. Healing is still an absolute necessity, but this greatly opens up variability in your party.P.S. My terms of lack of content is based on the pricing of the game. If this was a $20 game I would be changing my recommendation considerably. But this is a $40, not $20. As such, I can not recommend this game for that pricing. If it goes on sale for $30 I might be a little hesitent, but would probably recommend it in the end."
,Recommended,441830,24452414,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,n.,"Took me about 22 hours (-2~3 hours cos I forgot to save and my characters got wiped plus an hour or so of grinding)to clear my first run through the game. Despite some others who found the game lacking, I actually found it rather enjoyable. With that I'll state the pros and cons.Pros:+Battle system is similar to Chrono Trigger, which makes it fast pace and exciting+Really beautiful artwork, and the scenery's amazing.+Piano BGM, which is unique.+Lots of customization in terms of skill builds, weapon choices, character/skill names etc.+Weapon outlook changes as you equip different weapons.+Character interactions are really cute.+Cute monsters and bosses. Picture yourself fighting a chibi penguin and an overstuffed baby seal.+Certain boss fights are rather tough, requiring some character compositions to tide over.+Cutscenes are done wonderfully.+Has a decent replay value.Cons:-The game is pretty much just snow everywhere.-Story is too similar to Final Fantasy X and Tales of Symphonia.-Can't skip cutscenes.-Even though there's voice acting, it only occurs during combat. And its only in Japanese Dub.-Many people are facing problems with the XBOX one controller, which tends to screw up the controls. Only way to fix it is to rebind it but there's no way to save it everytime you launch the game.-Alot of indepth info that are actually missing, which tends to make new players confused and lost.I actually figured out how to use ""Momentum"" near to the end of the game. Still have 0 idea how to use Flux.-There's absolutely NO map guidance or navigation. You have to sort of memorize the map/world layout to progress.-Most boss fights are just tank and spank.-Positioning is crucial in battles but you have NO control where your characters stand/move.-Farming for materials to gain skills/perks may get repititive afterawhile, especially when the mobs don't drop the key item.-Throughout the game you'll encounter dialogues in which you can make choices, but sadly it has ZERO impact on the game.-Ending felt abit lacking, with tons of questions left unanswered.Overall I felt my money was well spent, though some others might disagree. Definitely will recommend people to buy this game when it's on sales."
76561197993397203,Recommended,441830,32786481,Posted: 25 June,all,geminex,"Good for casual gamers, not good for first timers in JRPGs. For example, ""tent"" item doesn't mention you can only use it on save locations. Overall a fun 30 hours and well worth the cost (Steam summer sale).Don't really need to grind exp/gold, Puzzle difficulty is casual.Some gotchas:No new game plus.Only 1 ending - Chrono Trigger had over a dozen.Extremely linear - They give you many dialogue options but they rarely have any material impact. Half of those I accidently picked the default one due to trying to speed up the dialogue speed.No maps - minimap nor worldNo japanese-to-english translation for voices or even subtitles to find out exactly what they are saying.The PC steam version doesn't have the battle arena mode that Nintendo Switch has."
76561197992068671,Not Recommended,441830,33256542,Posted: 4 July,all,Lt. Condition,"I should start by saying I'm enjoying I Am Setsuna, and am definitely going to play the game to completion. As others have noted, it's basically Chrono Trigger but less interesting, with worse writing, and a couple of tweaks around the edges. Core gameplay hasn't changed, really, in twenty years.The reason this is getting a thumbs down is the price. There's little here to justify a forty-dollar price point. The writing is juvenile and word-for-word cribbed from every other nineties JRPG, the visuals are fine for what they're attempting to be, but nothing special, and the only even possibly new mechanics are around grinding out materials. The interface is similarly nineties-era, complete with some frustrating limitations (what are the other abilities that make up this combo?). Short version: you're getting a slightly prettier SNES game. Which, again, is fine. And even quite fun! But it's incredibly hard to justify forty dollars for an SNES game. If you can get it for half off or less, it's worth it. Otherwise, just replay Chrono Trigger.Update: After nearing the end of the game, the game has done little to improve my opinion of it. I'll leave story issues aside, since that could be a full essay right there, and just focus on gameplay problems. And there are, unfortunately, many. Skip to the end for the short version.1) It seems like a minor issue early, but by the endof the game it's incredibly frustrating: You can't equip every skill on your characters, which is fine until you want to try to put together combos. Each skill tells you what combos it's a part of, *BUT NEGLECTS TO MENTION WHAT SKILL AND WHAT CHARACTERS MAKE UP THE OTHER PARTS*. Once you have seven characters with fifteen or so skills each, hunting down the right skills becomes a tedious and frustrating task. This isn't the only interface issue, but it's the worst.2) Difficulty. The people working on combat balance couldn't figure out how to make anything remotely hard without giving a monster the ability to one-shot you. In part, this is because it's trivially easy to surprise every single encounter in the game when you're dungeon crawling. Once you get Delta Force (I want to say a little under halfway through the game), not only can you insta-kill *every* trash mob enounter from then until the end (and I do mean *every*), but you'll get the majority of the drops for doing so. From that point on, the game is essentially over except for the bosses and bonus challenge mobs. I don't see how this made it through testing.Then, the bosses themselves are almost uniformly bland except that they can either kill or almost-kill a character each round. Except for the second-to-last boss, there's not a lot of variation beyond the models. It's just...uninspired. They put in all of these interesting items, but they're largely wasted since the only actual fights in the game are boss fights. It just becomes Pokemon for the little Spritnites.3) Level design. Chrono Trigger had more interesting and varied layouts. Dragon Warrior 3 had more interesting layouts. The levels are almost entirely linear, with an occasional short branching path, with corridors connecting larger rooms with fights in them. The fights are *always* in the large rooms, with so few exceptions to this rule I can count them on one hand. One area near the end is literally a three-by-three grid for three or four floors. When the game is so grossly visible over the architecture, we're in NES-territory.Short version is that the problem with this game is not that it's an imitation / homage to 90's-era RPGs, it's that it's a *poor* imitation of them. Where FFVI and Chrono Trigger were ambitious at their times, Setsuna is lesser-than in every way you can think of. Characters are less developed and interesting, combat and abilities are less balanced (see above), there are fewer enemies and enemy types, level design is incredibly simple. And this game costs as much now as those games did twenty years ago, while being worse in almost every respect.Yes, it's pretty. But it's PS2-era pretty. At $15, I'd recommend this game as a pale but still sometimes fun imitation of much better games. At $40, it's an insult."
76561198084674074,Not Recommended,441830,24418383,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Chilifro,"There are SPOILERS for various parts of the game in here. Fair warning.I wish I could recommend this game.I really do.But I can't.As a huge fan of the immensely influential game that is Chrono Trigger, I went into this game extremely hyped, I will admit. I already knew what to expect from the battle system, and I knew that I was probably going to be in for a good time. I was ready for a fun romp through a fantasy world with a cast of colorful characters, with a premise that seemed like it had a lot going for it, even if it seemed to take more than a few cues from Final Fantasy X.And then it all began to fall apart.I began to notice something was a bit off when the third party member was introduced, and an NPC monologued directly to this character about their own life story, which they would already know -- all for the sake of the player getting to know about this character's life. And then I began noticing more things. Like how you could switch the dialogue of a lot of characters around and it wouldn't make a difference, or how Setsuna is basically just Yuna -- another thing they took from FFX -- or how Nidr is basically just a younger Auron, right down to the flowing robe and the bigass sword and the missing eye.Dialogue in general is extremely stilted and lifeless, with the characters feeling more like some soupy conglomerate whole rather than separate characters. Most of their dialogue with each other is objective-based, aside from the occasional gag, so you don't really get to seem them grow as friends and allies over the course of the admittedly short journey. It feels like baby's first RPG rather than a fully fledged trek through a mysterious world.The gameplay seemed like it was going to fare better, even if it was a little samey at times. Techs and Dual Techs and Triple Techs make a reappearance from Chrono Trigger, and the game even helpfully lets you know if you can do a Dual Tech or Triple Tech rather than you having to futz around and figure it out for yourself. However, even that began to fall apart around the seven hour mark, when the game threw a boss at me that had an attack that could basically instakill anyone in my part with little-to-no provocation.Let me break down a few other things that this game got wrong:Items cost way too much, when you get way too little money (unless you want to go grind). 1,200GP each for revival items is a bit absurd.While neat ideas, the Singularity and Fluxation mechanics are too random and too seldom to actually make any substantial difference when it comes to gameplay.Environments, while pretty, are pretty samey. You can only see so many snowy towns or caves made of ice/crystal before it gets a little boring.The above can be said of the music, as well. While I love pianos, too many tracks use the instrument in the same exact way -- to make a slow and melancholy sound -- and they all begin to blend together by the end. A standout would definitely be the battle theme, since it's one of the most upbeat pieces in the soundtrack. And yes, I know this game is all about sadness or whatever. Still.Character designs are neat. I love Setsuna's hair chakrams. Shame about the actual characters, though.In summary, I really can't recommend this game at its current pricing. If you're still up for taking a romp through the wintery wastelands of Setsuna's world, then by all means, do so -- but wait until the price drops to about 20 dollars or so before you do. Even then, however, I still can't heartily recommend it. I am Setsuna, in my opinion, is a pretty, fun game with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t difficulty spikes and bland characters, and nothing else. It's less an homage to the game from which it stole its battle system, and more a wide-eyed kid brother: impressionable, enamored with its older sibling, and eager to please...unfortunately, its efforts to please its brother and their friends are nothing but clunky, messy, and incredibly simple-minded."
,Recommended,441830,30618235,Posted: 19 March,all,AelitaX,"Finished this game in less than 20 hours... so here's my review.This game is quite short, as I said, I finished it in just 19 hours even with a little grind and sidequest.Overall graphic is nice in its own way. Character design is beautiful.OST. is all piano but never got me bored of it (I love the vocal track though).Story is a little straightforward with not that many plot twists but still good, almost got me cried at the end.Combat system is not that good and not that bad, quite repitive for some people but for me I think I'm ok with it.Just get some high damage combo + spiritnite that can heal your mp after kill monsters then one turn kill them all, that makes grinding easier.BTW as a SQEX fan, I love this series, it brings me back to JRPG root once in a while."
,Recommended,441830,30412582,Posted: 9 March,all,泥鰍小妹妹,"PROS1.Characters are well developed and likable2.Wonderful visuals accompanied by a great soundtrack3.Fantastic old-school presentation4.Strong emotional story that is well told5.Great pacing with excellent sense of progression6.Excellent combat system, especially during boss battles7.Flexible character customization8.No need to grind mindlessly and no random encountersCONS1.Long repetitive loading times when entering new areas2.With a length of about 15-20 hours, some JRPG fans might view it as being too short3.Might be on the easy side for some4.Locations can sometimes feel repetitive5.No world mapConclusionThis is a classic JRPG at its finest. The piano music is simple and effective, the battle system is classic 90s, as is the story; straightforward, simple, compelling, and engaging. The characters are written as classic JRPG characters, with that cheesy, predictable sense that just makes one smile upon reading all of its charm. Fans of Chrono Trigger, Final Fantasy VI and VII, and Ni No Kuni will find something in this game to cheer about. A beautiful return to form. I can only pray that more titles and IP come from this new, growing subsection of Square Enix.The game is refreshing. The art style is beautiful, as well the music. I have beaten the game , but so far the story starts off interesting and is keeping me going. The combat has a classic turn based style to it, my only complaint is that the characters don't always line up in battle to where their stats are on the screen, and sometimes I get a little confused as to which character Im currently at turn with. If you enjoyed ANY nes, snes jrpg, then you are going to want to play this game. And if you haven't played anything that old before, pick this up and see how it's suppose to be done.I am Setsuna is an incredibly strange game. Inevitably you will hear how ""classic"" it is, in both positive and negative reviews. But in reality it's not very ""classic"" at all. It is actually VERY experimental in terms of JRPG games. It's very much like Chrono Trigger, if Chrono was much deeper in it's mechanics, and didn't try to make you like it one bit. I am Setsuna is a moody, charisma-less game that took me a few hours to get into, but once i started to understand it, I really, really started to like it. It's like sitting down to talk with a stranger and spending the first 30 minutes thinking how weird the person is only to come to find that they are actually fascinating once you get past the weirdness. Weirdness in the case of IAS being it's quirky acoustic-piano soundtrack, omnipresent snow, tedious menu-system and off-kilter mechanics. What you come to find, though, is a compelling story about duty and purpose, a uniquely melancholy tone and atmosphere, and DEEP RPG mechanics that are fun and rewarding to master. HIGHLY recommended for any real JRPG fan, but understand that this is fruit you have to work to get a taste of.Spoiler The ending.Not trying to start drama but I'm really confused, because when I picked ""No"" Endir didn't kill her, he just stood there and the screen scrolled up and the message ""Thank you."" came up as if spoken by the Youth. Then at the end when Endir was walking through the snow at the end Setsuna showed up by the tree. Did other people's endings differ?the ending doesnt change whether you pick yes or no at the very end which makes me think what was the point of even making me choose unless she dies in another way...either way im still pretty sad, it was a bitter sweet ending, the girls who sacrifice themselves become the snow that falls on the land so Setsuna is basically watching over Endir forever.ending""Swing your sword?"">Yes>No [X]it does not even matter which you choose setsuna still die in the end.Final Verdict4.5/5I am setsuna is a game changer in this AAA world. The music, nostalgic battle system, and setting is amazing. The environment slows the gamer down and bring you in to a perfect place where emotions run deep. I bought this game to show my Friends that there is more to a game than graphics and shoot em ups. This is a game that faintly taps you on the shoulder when you ask “why don't they make games like they used to?” or ”What happened to the magic in Disney?"" For the reviewer that gave the game a 0, its a sad story, ain't supposed to be rainbows and sunshine when you're setsuna._."
,Not Recommended,441830,28317497,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Tuanta,"While it had a faint feel of the classics before it (Secret of Mana, Chrono Trigger, Final Fantasy#), it was very faint. The game played like something close to an RPG Maker title. Dialog was sub par and the choices were illusionary and always led me back to the hard coded path planned ahead. The pathing was singular and repetitious with many steps causing us to retrace our steps through the same areas we previously passed. Another design was to place chests spread throughout the entire game where you only receive the key for them at the end. So not only do we retrace our steps in the quest line but they setup a design to have us traipse through the content a third time. All in a very obvious attempt to extend the game time and make it ""appear"" larger than it really is. In truth, the game is very simple and the map very small. I finished it in less than 8 hours at a very relaxed pace.I'm more inclined to find a copy of Chrono Trigger, Secret of Mana, or one of the early Final Fantasy titles and relive worthy content instead. Why on earth they haven't remade them by now is beyond me."
,Recommended,441830,27916140,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,nd3nh92,"The good:- Excellent music- Good story & atmosphere- Full of known and loved tropesThe bad:- Combat is simple and not challenging- Little extra content post-completion. Unless you are a perfectionist, there's not much to do after 20 hours.I got it for $27 and it's worth my purchase. $60 would have been too much."
76561198026460437,Recommended,441830,35062232,Posted: 19 September,all,BringtheGame,"A call-back to oldschool RPG days.  Solid time-meter turn-based combat system.  Weapon and armor upgrades.  Touching, thorough story.  Gorgeous graphics and character art.  Even the music is great.  I love the game!If I had to give this game a drawback, it would be that I wish there was -more- voice acting.  There are some lines for flavor and feel at the start and end of combat but it's all just text between.  (Which is fine, it fits the genre prefectly.)  I just love the voices for the characters and I think more of them could've added something."
,Recommended,441830,24411053,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Saibot,"I'm updating to remind everyone that this review is just my opinion. There is no need to defend yourself against me. If you have a differing opinion on the game, I encourage you to write a review of your own. I do NOT encourage you to leave nasty comments and/or personal attacks on this review (nor does the Steam SA). You're welcome to disagree with my opinion, but please be civil and decent.I’m not going to lie, I flipped out a little when I first saw that teaser.Oh and by the way…constant 60 fpsfor the “I cant stand 30 fps” PoliceThe game does pay pretty good homage to chrono trigger. The story can ( I guess will) grab your attention. The whole game is a snowy winter wasteland, so do prepare yourself to look at nothing but snowy field after snowy field.Don't let the idea of nothing but snowy environment get to you with this game. That's what makes it standout. A lot of RPGs tend to have most of the same environments and fields anyways.So let it snow!Snow truly captures the end of an age and represents dying. There is so much emotion with dying, and I'm sure most people can relate to having great loss in their life.The way you earn skills and money is pretty neat. Sell enemy loot for money and the loot that you sell is then turned into skills that can be given to your characters. Combo attacks and the momentum ability add to the games battle system.I can only see it getting that much better as it goes along. You can even rename your characters and turn I am Setsuna into I am ______ (whichever you choose to name her). Beautiful music, exploration, turn based battles, and a very artistic game with a promise for a good story. What more can you ask for with a JRPG?!before closing this review out remember one thing. I am Setsuna is “famous” for its great characters, mature storytelling, memorable music and fantastic battle system.  Also, ANY fan of RPG / JRPG’s who doesn't own this should get it now. Unless you find yourself allergic to the typical trappings of such games like… Only piano… Only Snow… Then stay away."
,Not Recommended,441830,24633277,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Elith,"I really don't have words to express how much this game has let me down, I'm probably prepared to take a lot of bashing from die hard fans but I can't help it. I loved the games that they tried to imitate.  The SNES and PS1 era were my favorite for JRPG's but I just cant reccomend playing this at full price.Lets break this down into catagories because there were a lot of good and a lot of bad within my journey of Setsuna of Sacrifice and Snow. Obviously there might be some small spoilers so read at your own risk.-------------------------=-Graphics-=-------------------------The graphics of the game are very impressive for what they were intended for the game originally launched on the vita. I thought they were very well done. There was a nice range of colors and a world beautifully constructed in snow.  What struck me odd was their choice to re-use assets, this ranges from dungeon designs to overworld layouts to even villager models and enemy recolors.-------------------------=-Sound-=-=-------------------------Music and Sound was probably one of the more enjoyable aspects for some of the game some songs were amazingly done while others were okay but tiring to hear but overall was veryimpressive.-------------------------=-Gameplay-=-------------------------The gameplay is your typical oldschool JRPG, you have an overworld map and you run into enemy encounters doing battle as your progress the story.The battle system takes place on the map and enemy encounters happen when you run into an enemy on screen. Battles go by at a decent speed most encounters can last from one double tech to  a few skills which have thier own set of ranges.    You learn additional abilities by selling materials of the monsters you kill.  The system is set up so you can personalize your characters to a degree, some characters can't use certain skills.    The system seems very abusive in terms of speed as you can get it high enough to spam the attack key ten or so times before the enemy gets to move.You have an overworld map that is very small with plenty of areas that are practically useless. They give you an airship very close to the end of the game but there is not much to do, you can run back and get all the locked boxes or obtain evey characters final abilities, there is not much effort in doing so either.  They added a strange area that takes you to what looks like a development room within that room they congratulate you for completing the game as well as giving you endirs best weapon.   This makes little to no sense as they continue to give you weaker weapons for endir in the final dungeon.  There is just something really lacking about the map, I feel like they planned a lot more for the game and ended up just finishing the game instead of continuing to work on it.  I really didn't understand why they even gave you access to these areas if you go and visit the extra areas you will see what I mean.The game also features choices that you progress the story with but it feels like they only change the flavor of text between you and the characters, you can be a douchemuffin in one part of the game or a sweetheart in another part.  There is hardly a difference in what you choose.  I think there may only be one choice in the game that matters and its no where near as important as the later choice would be.-------------------------=-Story-=-------------------------The story does have some pros and cons and part of it is the only reason I stuck around long enough to finish.  The main cast of characters are the best thing this game has to offer they are all rememberable and generally well thought out.The plot was actually very interesting at first but the story manages to topple over in the worst way imaginable near the end.  Some twists were thrown here and there but its nothing you couldn't have guessed.   The ending was probably my final straw. They have the audacity to give you choice in which makes absolutely no difference in what you choose at the very end.  Which would have been fine if the entire game had not been throwing you choices the entire game.  What I expected was not what I got, I sat there thinking why would they do this?The slap of the face started after the final choice, you get no dialog backstory for all the rest of the characters and lots of unanswered questions and terrible outcomes.   The ending did make sense but it felt so moot and made you feel so powerless and again the way the story was laid out made me think they planned on having multiple endings or different outcomes.-------------------------=-Conclusion-=-------------------------I feel like I spent full price to play what should have been a great game that ended up being mediocore  in all aspects, I have never been this let down in a game. I have a hard time seeing how it gets so much praise.  I was able to forgive all the problems of the game but a story falling apart the further you progress is just unforgivable.TLDR:Cons:-Reused Assets  ""Same dungeon three times, final dungeon looks the same with a color swap"",""Cities"",""Enemy Recolors"",""Overworld map assets.""-Feels unfinished  ""Areas that look really unused, development ending room that looks thrown in.""-Abusively easy battle system ""Could have made it more simple, it would have been more challenging.""-Useless story Options ""Only one choice seems to have an actual function on the story.""-Very poor conclusion ""#1 reason for thumbs down.""Pros:-Great Characters  ""Literally they are the best thing it has.""-Decent Soundtrack "" About half the soundtrack is pretty good."""
,Recommended,441830,29477283,Posted: 24 January,all,Grossular,"I just finished the game and i can only say that is CRIMINALLY UNDERRATED, if you love SNES RPGs then you will love this one."
76561197982908107,Recommended,441830,24411148,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Brent Enross,"For Xbox One Controller issuesOriginally posted by fBx:For WIRED controller you can fix it in device manager by installing the ""Microsoft Xbox One Controller"" driver instead of ""Xbox Controller"" which is the Win10 default one.Go to ""device manager""scroll to the bottom and find the xbox peripherals (you may have to expand it)select update driver software button on the bar at the toppress browse my computerpress let me pickUNtick show compatible hardwareinstall the one that says ""Microsoft Xbox One Controller"" (NOT the original ""Xbox Controller"" drivers)"
76561198063537945,Recommended,441830,28120025,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Raidbull,"This game is a great modern-day JRPG. I won't compare this game to any one other JRPG out there because there are plenty of other reviews that already do that. I'll be touching upon how this game's battle system, story, music and world map are when related to some JRPG's that you might have played before.Battle SystemThe battle system of this game reminds me a lot of Final Fantasy VII. I actually enjoy the ATB system and it works for me since it provides some sort of real time engagement during battle rather than the Breath of Fire IV style of selecting your moves against the enemy every 'turn'. It allows for better immersion and a more rewarding victory.You engage in battle like how you did in Guardian's Crusade - walk upto a monster and engage it. The difference is that the battle mode doesn't switch you to a different system and keeps you on the same screen so the end of battle rewards and exp screens are super quick to get out of.What I really like about this game is that non-active party members also earn EXP while not in battle so you can switch in a character you want to play at any time without it being at a disadvantage.The Talisman 'fluxation' system is quite complex and useless in my opinion and I didn't even have to use any of it to beat the game. The Spritnite and fluxation seem to me like a desparate attempt to re-create the Materia from FF7.StoryI would say that the story seems quite linear in the sense that you are guided every step of the way. There is no room for exploration until almost the end of the game. There aren't very many hidden things to explore - I've found them all and it took me just 15 minutes to find them all.The story does offer some surprises that completely blew me off my feet. There isn't any voice acting - something you'd expect in a modern-day JRPG.MusicThe music is heavily influced from the Final Fantasy series. Although the Final Fantasy music albums are pure bliss, Setsuna does not do a good job with their music as many people seem to think. Their themes seem out-of-place in particular parts of the story. I would rate the music in this game to about 5 on a scale of 10.World MapThe world map is beautiful in the sense that the artstyle is amazing. The map is almost entirely covered with snow and the artists did a great job of drawing it out. The individual areas are just reskins of areas visited previously in the game. The team has repurposed a lot of textures instead of creating new ones that makes me feel like the game lacks visual appeal. You tend to stare at the same blue frozen ground all the time for about 60% of the game.All in all, it is a good JRPG experience but not worth the exorbidant amount of money that they charge you for it. I completed the game in about 16 hours (including all hidden areas) and was surprised at how short the storyline is. I would recommend getting this game during a sale.Hope you found this useful!"
,Recommended,441830,26245522,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,juiche44,This game is like old Final Fantasy. It's a traditional JRPG but with pretty good artwork and BGM.If you are the fan of JRPG. I absolutely recommend this game.
,Recommended,441830,24865284,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,tmarc415,"I am Setsuna is charming game that fails to live up to the (unrealistic) hype and comparisons to Chrono Trigger.  I'm not sure how much of this was Tokyo RPG Factory's own marketing machine highlighting ""inspired by Chrono Trigger"" at every turn-- or if the community took this sentiment and created a monster by calling this game the spiritual successor to CT.As much as I want to avoid comparing Setsuna to CT in my review and treat it as its own entity, it's unavoidable.  The game blatantly repackages certain plot points or themes from CT (and FFX for that matter).  There are spells, techs, and items pulled directly from CT.  There is even a plot point and characterthe developers try so hard to make the Magus of this game that you can see it coming from a mile away. Early game villain? Shadow Magic?  Scythe? Check..While I did enjoy playing the game, my overwhelming feeling during my Setsuna experience was an urge to replay Chrono Trigger for the 50th time.  Ultimately, I Am Setsuna is just a pale imitation.  I partially blame Tokyo RPG-- this is a solid first outing for the studio but it seems they couldn't decide what they wanted this game to be.  This feels like a game that suffers from an identity crisis (other than giving a classic JRPG feel).  Not different enough to distinguish itself from CT...just enough differences and gameplay mechanics to half-way become it's own game.I feel as if Square Enix should have just let the studio remake Chrono Trigger with this game engine and updated graphics--that is the vibe the game gives off.  So much charm and caring put into this game, but desperately trying to be something it will never be.While those first few paragraphs might come off as doom and gloom, I like Setsuna and would recommend to any JRPG fan--as long as you temper any unrealistic expectations.  A few parting thoughts:GAMEPLAY-Solid ATB battle system that will obviously be familiar to CT fans.  No random encounters, the ability to dodge enemies in the field, familiar spells/techs, etc.  An overworld map ripped straight from CT.  I really did enjoy the Momentum system as a way to spice the sometimes mundane battles or provide incentives to using certain techs or ""Spritnite.""  I found the Fluxation system utterly unmemorable.  You could finish the game without ever getting these added perks, or grind enough to have game-breaking abilities (I'm looking at you Endir--Radiance with a ton of Critical Change/Critical Damage buffs will kill anything).MUSIC-Maybe the best part of the game, or the worst, depending on who you are.  The piano-only soundtrack is beautiful and manages to convey the melancholy tone this game is shooting for.  I loved it, but there is a point at which you wish there was more.  I never felt there were any ""epic"" tracks like old SNES RPGs provided.STORY-Middle of the road IMO.  Nothing spectacular, but solid/standard RPG fare.  It's been discussed ad-nauseum how similar the overall plot is to Final Fantasy X and you can't really dispute that.  Even though it's very predictable the story does have a few beats that are bittersweet and emotional.  I really found a hard time connecting with any of the characters.  There is not a single one that is as memorable as the CT cast.  I did like that Endir, as silent protagonist, could be a♥♥♥♥♥♥or empathetic.  I found Endir's background as part of the Masked Tribe intriguing, but we aren't ever given any backstory.OVERALL-I would recommend this game if you love classic JPRGs.  There has been a lot of complaining about the price, the length of the game, etc.  I paid full price and never felt as though I wasted my money.  I beat the game in about 25 hours, but I haven't finished all the post-game activities (there is no New Game + btw).  Kinda lacking the motivation to do so, but I did sort of rush through this game in less than a week.  If you are on the fence, wait until a sale.  If you feel like an RPG should be longer or give more ""bang for your buck,"" then try the Trails in the Sky series.CT this is not...FF this is not...Trails this is not.  But I had fun."
,Recommended,441830,28081706,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,ryk,"I was unsure about buying this game at first.But since it looked similar to Bravely Default, I went for it.And I don't regret it a single bit.Barely 6 hours into the game and I already write a review about how great I think this game is.The story is really intruiging so far, and so are the different characters.Also, the soundtrack is remarkably awesome.What really makes it different from Bravely Default though, is the combat.It's somewhat dynamic (enemies running around you) what makes it annoying at times, but can also allow for some great tactics (e.g. Demi+Lightning).Furthermore, you can choose between realtime combat and freezing enemies when selecting an action (so you have time to plan your next step), which I think is a really neat feature.The only minor problems I have are that it takes ages going around on the map/world (when zoomed out), since you're literally going, not even running.Also, I'm missing a map/radar in general.Aside from these MINOR things, I can only recommend this game to anyone who likes Final Fantasy/Bravely Default or JRPG games in general.Definitely a game I'll happily spend hours playing (or grinding lvl)."
76561197990510994,Recommended,441830,24460986,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,ねこだよ!,"Cons first!:- Unbalanced combat.- Choices make little to no difference in story whatsoever.Pros:- The atmosphere created by the ""one man"" soundtrack accompanying the beautiful art direction is INCREDIBLE.- The constant similarity in environment is a reflection of the dire nature of the world the game takes place in, and helps to build the sense of desperation and anxiety the game wants you to experience throughout the story.- The story is beautifully written, and moved me to tears a few times.- The ending is perfect.Summary:If you are looking for a good ""game"", perhaps this is not the best buy. If you are more interested in a great story, beautiful music and art, and an all around unique experience that will leave an imprint on your heart emotionally, I cannot recommend this game enough.TL;DR:- Not a great ""game"" due to combat balancing.- Amazing piece of art."
,Recommended,441830,35234245,Posted: 26 September,all,r✪nny TH,"Scratched that RPG itch for sure - but like many other games I've liked, not loved, I eventually lost interest and didn't finish it.  There's a lot to like here and I feel like it's worth the sale price ($23.99 right now) but I wouldn't rank it in my all-time list.It also reallllllly made me want to play Chrono Trigger again."
,Recommended,441830,26280673,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,CogitoProxy,"The worst thing this game did was try and compare itself to Chrono Trigger. Dunno if that was to boost sales or just because the dev team really loved that game. Chrono Trigger is objectivly one of the greatest games ever made and has been the foundation for a lot of RPG games. Trying to put your game on the same level as that is asking for disaster.I think I am Setsuna is a great RPG game. I love playing it and it is very beautiful. As a standalone game it would make my top 20 games. A big problem everyone seems to have is that its not Chrono Trigger. While it might not be fair to compare a spiritual succesor to its progenitor, if you market it as an asset then people are going to compare them. This game is not nearly on the same level as Chrono Trigger, but it is good in the same way that DarkSouls2 is not half as good as DarkSouls but as a standalone game is still pretty fun.I really enjoy piano music so the soundtrack being somewhat limited in instrumentation didnt bother me at all, but if youre used to typicall rpg soundtracks with electronic and guitar stuff then it might get on your nerves. The combat is very standard for JRPG's nothing to unique minus the momentum feature. I really enjoy JRPG's so the tedious battles that happen over and over again dont really get to me.The price is very steep. If you have the money, theres really no reason not to get it. If you have to spend a lot of time deciding which steam games to spend your money on (like me) then maybe look at other choices before this one.The fact that your choices dont really change very much is nothing new. Thats a standard troupe in RPG's simply due to the massive amount of time it would take to make branching storylines for every dialouge option. Giving the player the ability to chose is simply a mechanic to make the game feel more immersive.TL;DR: The biggest issue with the game is the pricetag, if you like JRPG's then get it. If not, then go over your other options."
,Not Recommended,441830,24696698,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Isleño Gaming,"I am Setsuna is a game with beautiful snowy scenery and a serene/melancholic sound track to go with it. Besides that the game doesn’t have much going for it. It feels lacking; incomplete. There was so much potential to make the game more dramatic, engaging, story rich, but they decided against it for some reason. The game is not bad; it’s just not worth $40. Wait for the price to drop before purchasing."
76561198001346271,Not Recommended,441830,35240620,Posted: 27 September,all,Snarkles,"At $40, I cannot recommend this game, maybe $20 and only if you're a die-hard JRPG fan. Overall, it's a compelling yet flawed experience. It tickles the Chrono Trigger nostalgia yes, but the similarities with the SNES classic are skin deep.Liked:- The atmosphere the world sets up is compelling and dark, and the lore is well realized and fleshed out- Momentum system is a brilliant solution to some of the issues I have with ATB menu-driven combatHit and Miss:- Some music, in my opinion, is terrific, other tracks just don't feel like they ""fit""- Some characters are very compelling, others are either poorly written or make some very stupid decisions- Repetitive environments yes, but I feel like it plays well to the opressive atmosphereDisliked:- The visuals and gameplay lacks a lot of polish- Combat is poorly balanced, and encounters are uninteresting, there are few ""choices"" to be made, I'm more just using the same strategy for 95% of encounters- UI looks dated and frankly, ugly- Many game systems are unituitive and poorly explained- The story so far (4 hours in) doesn't make a lot of sense, many events and character choices make no sense or are riddled with tiny plot holes- A number of bugs in terms of controller support, music playback, and UI elements"
76561198119225924,Recommended,441830,30038134,Posted: 19 February,all,Cloud,"A beautiful JRPG that captures the spirit of the genre. If Tokyo RPG Factory’s goal was to create a sad, stirring adventure that evokes memories of the past without feeling too antiquated, they nailed it, with big assists from Chrono Trigger, Final Fantasy X etc. And one more thing... Tokyo RPG Factory has accomplished their implied mission statement: to make Japanese RPGs the way many of us remember them back in the day. So, give this game a chance! Trust me. It's wonderful."
76561198048958968,Recommended,441830,33651417,Posted: 19 July,all,ultranoah2008,"Very nice game. The developers put a lot of effort into this and it shows: game mechanics are well though out, easy to understand, and everything makes sense. The storyline is pretty good, characters are interesting, and the game has an overall feel that reminds me of classic rpg/adventure games (which I believe was the intent). The music is absolutely beautiful but I am not a fan of the entire soundtrack being played on the piano. The music starts to sound very repetitive,very quickly. I like the overall atmosphere and tone of the game, although it is somewhat dreary, but with little to no variety throughout every location. Overall, this game is highly reccomended, and I hope that a sequel shows a little more variety throughout the game."
76561197993421641,Recommended,441830,28164558,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,FIGIOT,"+ feels classic JRPG+ Runs en looks well+ decent enough story- fairly short- Some story parts should be explored or explained more7/10 There is nothing really bad, but nothing really good either"
76561198208196460,Recommended,441830,29476554,Posted: 24 January,all,Sang,"***mildly spoiler***Pro-good Art style  and Music , excellent atmosphere that make me wannt to cry while I am playing.-core gameplay is simple but some what strategic require .-story is fine but...-the leveling through story is so smooth.-No new game+ but it has some re-play value if you are in to grinding , secret boss fight , collect some stuff or steam achivement.Con- the add-on complexity of figthing mechanic does make much depth or fun.I just realize how to use momentum and flux system before I met last boss so It's not neccasary for win the game- combine with poor tutorial , it make more confusing- story is fine but ending is meh. too vague. I am fine with vague ending but this is too much.- your choice seem to don't effect  anything (why dev make so many question in the first place, if it's does not matter)bottom lineif you are into JRPG then go check some trailer or let's play video .  if you like the atmospheric of the game then I recommend it. maybe wait for 10-20% sale is justify the value of whole content you get."
,Recommended,441830,24437189,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Azralynn,"See written review belowor watch it here:https://youtu.be/578NKHd6tnYTL;DR: SKIP TO CONCLUSION!I am Setsuna is an excellent JRPG with a superb story, enjoyable combat, and terrific character development.The story is about a girl, Setsuna, on her journey to be sacrificed to save the rest of the world from monsters. I really liked the story. It’s very interesting, and even though there were a lot of predictable parts, I kept wanting to continue playing to find out more. Once I started playing it, I just didn’t want to stop, and I actually stayed up all night playing it until I finished it.The game has a lot of combat, and all of the combat throughout the game uses an active time battle format where different characters attack at different speeds, and you can use timing to plan out your attacks appropriately. I like that you can see the time progress until your attacks are ready, but I do kind of wish that the enemy attacks showed up as well, (similar to the combat time bar in Child of Light). I also really like the momentum feature during combat. As you take damage and use your abilities, you gain momentum, which allows you to trigger a momentum boost during combat with your abilities giving them an added effect. Using these momentum boosts was extremely helpful once you figure out how to use them correctly.Pros:beautiful piano soundtrack that fits appropriately with what’s going on in the gamegorgeous visuals; the added detail with the snow falling, and the paths each character makes in the snow as they move look greatcharacter development is fantastic; the characters are adorable, and they each have their own unique personality, with their own perspectives of the world (characters feel real, and their actions feel genuine and believable)excellent story full of hope and sorrow - you can tell that a lot of time and effort went into creating itthere are quite a few achievements, and several locations you can visit that aren’t part of the main story, so there’s definitely a lot to do if you’re feeling up to itcombat is enjoyable, and the leveling process is paced nicely; boss fights are interesting, and some of them certainly felt like an accomplishment after finally beating themgood amount of flexibility in how you go about building your party and character loadouts with items and spellsCons:couldn’t get the Xbox One controller working properly (probably due to drivers), so keyboard was used instead, but you can only look at and edit your keybindings before launching the game, so it's very inconvenientcan’t save everywhere - you can only save the game at specific save points you find, and in some areas of the larger map while you’re travelling between townsdialog options are merely an illusion of choice, and the outcome will be the same regardless of what you choosethe worst part of dying during the boss fights is that you have to sit through all of the character dialog before the fight before trying again, and there's no way to skip it quickly (an auto save at the start of the fight would have been nice)there are a good amount of creatures you will encounter, but several of them seem to be just stronger, reskinned versions of some of the enemies from earlier in the gameAs you defeat monsters, your active party characters gain xp and level up. Your party can only have three characters at a time, but you can change them at any time as long as you aren’t in combat. Each character has its own weapon type, and special class only spells. All of the spells are purchased using various loot drops.You earn loot drops based on how you kill monsters. It’s neat that you’re encouraged to vary what actions you take to kill the enemies in order to get different loot to buy spells with. Early on in the game it does cost a good amount of gold to keep up on purchases, but as the game progresses, and you are able to finish mobs with a variety of attacks, you will have a lot more gold than you know what to do with.Purchasing consumables and upgrading your items is an absolute must, especially for some of the boss fights which felt a bit like they were a gear check. I did get stuck on a couple of bosses, and I had to backtrack, to get a few more levels, buy better gear, and a lot more consumables, in order to beat them.Conclusion:I played for over 18 hours, butat least4 hours of that wiping to a couple different bosses. The game takes itself very seriously, but it has a lot of heart, and it’s a great game overall. The price tag on the game may seem a bit expensive at first glance, but I have zero regrets about the purchase. I definitely recommend it to those looking for a solid JRPG experience.If you like my reviews, please feel free to join my Steam group, and follow my curationshere.You can also view this review on my websitehere."
76561198073088368,Recommended,441830,24699385,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,The Silent One,I just finished this game and I have to say that I had a LOT of fun playing this one. The battle themes were good to listen to and the game itself had some good graphics. If you are a fan of Chrono Trigger then the battle system is extremely easy to catch on to.If you want to play a good JRPG game..this is the game for you
76561198041603003,Recommended,441830,24718404,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,LuNaR224,"For what this game was trying to achieve, I felt it did really well. The graphics are pretty great, I love the soundtrack and the characters grew on me more as I progressed through the game. The story was overall alright, it brought some emotion but did not leave a huge impact on me. I did appreciate the dialogue choices though. Does the game have its flaws? Yes. There were ways to overpower bosses without out too much effort and mobs became easier to kill over time as well. The game didn't explain some things as clear as it could be, but it didn't take much time to pick up on such things, (fluxes for example). I felt that overall this has been done before, but it was refreshing to play an rpg like this in today's time. I definitely do not regret spending $50 on the game and soundtrack. I put close to 45 hours into this game and it has been fun the entire time. If I were to rate it out of ten, probably around 8. It is not the most mind-blowing or outstanding rpg, but it is a fun one and worth putting some time into. I wish more rpg's took on the style of Chrono Trigger's combat, as it is one of my favorite atb styles. So to wrap it up, definitely worth the price it is if you like old school snes/ps1 rpgs. It is definitely a great game. (8/10)"
76561197977395274,Recommended,441830,34859430,Posted: 10 September,all,Saphir,I like this game a lot ! read other comments because they tell you about an other jrpg what is a similar to this but personally  Tokyo RPG Factory and Square Enix did a great job to bring this masterpiece up.The Story is really sad ... the Music and the Atmosphere are very soothe but the gameplay and the style of this game AWESOME !!! Its turn-based were you can combine other moves/heals/buffs from your party members.If you like JPRGS this is an MUST HAVE play it for yourself !!
76561198274312425,Not Recommended,441830,32635241,Posted: 21 June,all,wthompso,I really wanted to like this game enough to recommend it but I can't. It caught me with its beautiful music and art but it fell short on the story (which is basically the same as FFX as many say but isn't as good). The characters also weren't very interesting.
,Recommended,441830,29535012,Posted: 27 January,all,SWXY :'D,"The combination of Chrono Trigger and Final Fantasy X.A visually beautiful game, with simple combat mechanics (although there may be a few too many involved which fortunately, can be ignored).Albeit rather short, it was an enjoyable adventure.Great effort from Tokyo RPG Factory."
76561198058414215,Recommended,441830,34221914,Posted: 13 August,all,Finalzero,"Holy .. What can i say? Most Underrated Amazing JRPG i played in a while , Excellent story without filler and amazing charcters , what a Treat , Recommend it for everyone!"
76561198041342839,Recommended,441830,26970859,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,420kbps,"The beautiful art design and music alone are worth the price, but the classic JRPG combat system kept me playing for hours past the ending."
,Recommended,441830,25105370,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,DackR,"HUGE FAN of Chrono Trigger, so I was very excited to give this a shot.Pros:Awesome battle systemBeautiful artGreat musicInteresting story and charactersCons:Could have done a better job at explaining the aquisition of SpritniteIt's very difficult to earn GPDungeons feel unfinished and simplePuzzles are not challengingStory is fairly linearIn the end, it could have been much better, but it's hard to come near the perfection that was Chrono Trigger. 7.5/10"
,Recommended,441830,29343197,Posted: 18 January,all,StealthReborn--,"A very good game. The campaign will run you a solid 20 hours and there's a bunch of side quests that unlock after the game has been beaten. There's alot a ton of things to collect which will keep you busy for awhile as well. I think this game can be compared as a mixture between Chrono Trigger and Final Fantasy X. So if you enjoyed those two games, I Am Setsuna is right for you.The soundtrack to the game is extremely well done. There's nothing bad I can say about it at all.There are some shortcomings and loose ends within the games plot that I wish could've been more expanded upon but other then that and the linear road to the game, it's a very well done game.Score: 9/10"
,Recommended,441830,27917487,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,theronard,Great throwback to the classic JRPGs I played growing up.
76561198361103888,Not Recommended,441830,32824215,Posted: 26 June,all,Creamery of the Century,"I Am Setsuna doesn't actively do anything wrong, it just doesn't bring anything new to the table. There is not a shred of originality to be found here. It has heart but it has no substance. It ticks every JRPG cliche box and despite being wrapped in a neatly presented package it manages to be utterly forgettable as an experience. Tropes and conventional gameplay aren't inherently a bad thing, and although i enjoyed some of my time with Setsuna i couldn't tell you if it was merely due to my own blind nostalgia for the silver age of JRPGs of the early 00's. The story of a maiden sacrificing herself for the sake of the world? Yep it's Tales Of Symphonia and Final Fantasy X.The characters are alright though nothing special. The everpresent  piano music is pleasant and fits the snowy setting, my favorite tunes were the world map and Kir's theme.The battle system is essentially 90's Final Fantasy ATB. You attack, wait for your attack gauge to refill in real time and attack again. I was admittedly never a fan of ATB to begin with. I much prefer properly turn based battle systems like Nocturne's Press Turn Icon system or QTE based attacks like Paper Mario 2. Or even something as outlandish and awesome as Shadow Hearts 2's Judgement Ring. The most in strategy you get in Setsuna is to accumulate enough special points per round to add a bit of extra damage with your next attack by pressing a button wth the correct timing. There are also some combos available when combining specific skills but fudge me if i can figure out what makes what combo. Once i had the Blowbeat combo with Endir & Nidr i just kept spamming that on every random encounter. It stuns enemies and deals a ton of damage, devastating anything that stood before me and making any remaining battles a joke. Not that many of the battles left much room for strategy anyway, usually it sufficed to spam your strongest attacks and heal whenever necessary.What i was sorely missing throughout the entire game was world-building. Mainly due to a complete lack of flavor text. Take Golden Sun for example, you could click on every stove in every house and get a little line about whatever dish was boiling in that pot. And the text would differ for every single house. The most you can interact with Setsuna's world is by finding sparkling ingredients scattered across the land. Even NPCs rarely have anything interesting to say. There is some background story written in your journal, but why the hell wouldn't you put your world building into the actual world instead of hiding it away in walls of text. It's FFXIII all over again....Further grievances listed for your convenience:- The world is map is extremely rudimentary, no encounters or treasure chests just more sparkly ingredients to be found. And you can't run on the world map making going from A to B a slog.-There are too many different vendors, you could have easily combined them all into one shop for items & equipment. Splitting it into 5 different stores is simply inconvenient.- There aren't any inns and save spots will not restore your health. You gotta rely on skills and items to heal.- There is apparantly a cooking mechanic but good gravy it's obtuse. You need to have the specific ingredients and talk to a specific NPC in order to acquire a recipe. I went through the enitre game without finding a single recipe.- Locked chests you're not allowed to open until the very end of the game, have fun backtracking everywhere.- A severe lack of sidequests make the world feel even more empty. I have read that there are some character specific sidequests very close to end game but just like the recipes i never encountered one.- Objective negatives are no auto-save, no maps and unskippable cutscenes. All of which is inexcuseable in this day and age. Also during one boss fight the game froze on me...Had to to do the entire battle again. Annoying.If you're looking for alternatives to I Am Setsuna here on Steam, i'd say for memorable characters and a vast story i recommend Trails in the Sky. If you're looking for something original and unique, go with Undertale. And if you're looking for something traditional i would still recommend Tales of Symphonia over I Am Setsuna."
,Recommended,441830,24456348,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Zatharian,"I have played my fair share of JRPGs, and while it might not be my favorite genre, it's definitely up there. I am Setsuna is a great homage to earlier JRPGs, that does a very good job of capturing a lot of the core gameplay of those games.The combat system is familiar while still having a little unique twist to it. The inventory and equips are very simplistic with not too much depth to them. The story isn't half bad. It might not be the most in-depth story, but it still does a good job of progressing while building your connections to it and the characters within.The best part of the entire game has to be the soundtrack. It's entirely piano and is just an absolute joy to listen to. It does an amazing job at conveying emotion at every point in the story as well as causing the player to feel moments of wonder, worry, and even panic with transitions and pieces at oppurtune times. Honestly, this soundtrack is one of my all-time favorites and it alone completely justified this purchase for me.My only complaints with the game are that it's very linear, with no side missions that I could see and not much extra to be done until the end of the game. Even the extra bits you can do at the end still might only add up to an extra hour of game time. The other complaint was that the skill/spiritnite system could sometimes starve you out of a characters abilities if you couldn't get the right items to sell to the vendor to get your skill. You would have to backtrack to whatever monsters had those drops so that you could get them, or find ways to get more drops through the drop system on the types you need.I would recommend Setsuna for anybody who loves JRPGs, amazing soundtracks, and good gameplay."
,Recommended,441830,30678356,Posted: 22 March,all,Tillburg,"GLANCE RECOMMENDATION:65% YES/ 35% NOGOODBeautiful art work and characters.Weapon models actually depict the weapon you equip. I'm always a sucker for an RPG that actually shows my upgraded weapons or armor as I journey. I also appreciate that your weapon includes the defense stats, simplifying your purchases.Spritenite system is interesting. Basically a skill equip system that absorb powerup attributes of your accessories over time. There's a lot you could do with this if you cared to.Enemies are varied and have great designs.The momentum system makes battles interesting and makes you think whether to save up for stronger attacks or if you can even afford to.NEUTRALIt's incredibly easy to get through almost all of the random encounters. If you take the enemy by surprise, everyone gets a free pip of momentum. I had two people who had physical AoE attacks that just demolished encounters if both of them had momentum, which is easy given the surprise mechanic. There were entire dungeons I never even saw a monster attack and I'm talking about two party members doing this of the first four you meet.Unfortunately the story and characters are as interesting as the majority of the environments. It's a very basic story of using sacrifices to tide the monsters and acquiring party members as you visit new towns. The designs are nice but I can't say there is anything unique about the story or any of the characters.BADThere are souped up versions of some monsters called spritenite eaten monsters that are sometimes difficult to discern from the regular types based on what you're fighting and the angle they're facing. Many times I've run into some only to be horrified at how little I did. Luckily you can use an item to escape from these battles, but if you accidentally run into one with no escape item you're probably screwed.No maps for anything. Sure I can understand no maps for dungeons, which still sucks, but no maps for towns or the world map? Especially when most of the zones are either snow covered mountains or a village blanketed in snowfall?Status effects are largely confined to slight visual cues or you having to hit start every now and then to see what's on your character. This gets tedious for the bigger fights where you need to ensure certain statuses are on you or the boss.Lots of skills and spells have qualifiers for AoEs around the target of the spell, but no indicators of who will be affected when cast. This leads to a lot of guesswork in who will get what abilities and, in my case, finding some skills to never have an AoE effect despite saying they do.Food is powerful and lasts for one fight only. It's nice and handy, but finding recipes is a nightmare. NPCs will never tell you they have a recipe, but if you have the ingredients for the recipe they have then they'll just give it to you. This means you just have to find food items and comb back over all previous NPCs if you care enough. Luckily I returned to a few towns as I adventured and prayed and got lucky, but this translated into 3 recipes the entire game despite never selling food and constantly picking it up.SUMMARYI am Setsuana has a laundry list of annoyances and is unfortunately bland on the story front for an RPG, but the character design and serviceable combat mean this is a fine title to pick up for its budget cost. This title won't blow anyone away, but it's good enough to pass a few hours with."
76561198399075178,Recommended,441830,34972209,Posted: 15 September,all,Ragnar Nordskov,7.5 out of 10. If it wasnt for the story the game would be a failure in my opinon. The story is one of the best to date and the feel of the outside environment along with the charcter build up is one of the best out there.  The battle system is really fun and reminds me alot of other games in the 90's that used that same battle system.  That being said this game could still use some work.  The enemies are pretty much all the same which exception of color and HP/Damage stats changing which is unfortunate because so much detail was placed in other parts of the game.  The lack of interaction with items and no sense of importance was also a huge downfall for me as well. All in all I still recommend the game for the story alone.
,Not Recommended,441830,25386907,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,zylvanbane,"I am Setsuna is a decent game, appealing to those who long for the nostalgia of old JRPG's like Chrono Trigger. Visually, it's beautiful, and the attention to detail is nice. I like how the weapons change when equipped, which again, Chrono Trigger did very well, too.While there's a lot here to draw you in, unfortunately there isn't much to keep you interested. After about 10 hours of play, I grew tired of seeing nothing but snowy landscapes. Some of the features are clunky as well. Finding recipes is nearly pointless, the monsters are frequently recycled with different color schemes (more than a game should, that is), and the game itself is a little boring. What's more, rewards for end game quests are either flat or nonexistent, which negates the desire to pursue them at all.I came to this game hoping for something to feed the nostalgia for a game I enjoyed so many years ago. After playing I Am Setsuna, however, I think in the future I'll just stick with the games I long for. In other words, if you want a game that plays like Chrono Trigger, play Chrono Trigger, and let this one go."
,Not Recommended,441830,24509716,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,DRev zerofidelis,"For a game that I've heard billed repeatedly as the ""Spiritual Successor to Chrono Trigger"", I am sorely dissapointed.  I had been waiting for this game for many months and, overall, at a price tag of $40, this game is not worth your time or effort.  That's not to say the entire game is bad, or even that I don't reccomend playing it, but 2 things must be noted prior:1. Do not go into this game comparing it to Chrono Trigger, you will become violent...trust me2. If at all possible, do not spend the full $40 on this game, wait until it is on a steam sale of some type and try to pick it up at the $20 or lower markThat being said, let's dig a little deeper into this game to see where it comes off the tracks:Battle System:---------------The battle system in I Am Setsuna is basically a copy and paste from Chrono Trigger, which would have been a very good thing if they hadn't ruined it by making things way more complicated than they needed to be.  For those unfamiliar with the Chrono Trigger system, each character has access to a number of different ""Techs"" that they can learn over the course of the game.  These ""Techs"" can then be combined, based on your active party, to form ""Double"" and even ""Triple"" combination techs of varying power and effects, simple and fun enough, but the problems begin as you dig deeper into the system:1. There are 2 distinct types of Techs, Support and Command.  Command types function like your skills and magic, ranging from heals, to attacks, to buffs/debuffs.  Support types are passive abilities that make you stronger in various ways.  These 2 types must be equipped onto your characters in slots that, best I can tell, are provided by your equipped Talisman and Character Level (Character Level may not be related, I'm not 100% sure how the main slots show up).  This allows you to customize your characters in interesting ways, even if some do break the game.2. The Techs need to be purchased from a NPC in the game, first by farming the correct materials from the various enemy types, by killing them in specific ways (such as type of damage, overkills, momentum kills, link kills, etc...).  Once you find the correct enemy type somewhere in the world, and kill them in the correct way to get the items you need, you can sell to this NPC and obtain your ""Spritnite Stone"" to equip.This, in all honesty, is one of the worst aspects of the system, as there is no legit method to finding which enemies drop which items or how to get them to drop and, I'm sorry, the enemies are not interesting enough that I want to go searching all over and kill every enemy in every way to find the one item I'm missing.  This leads to not being able to use the full range of techs available to each character.  Even at the end of the game, after going through every area 3 times just in normal gameplay, there was still basic level Techs that I still hadn't gotten the items for on most of the characters3. Then we come to Flux...Flux is...probably one of the worst things I've seen recently in a game.  The Talismans mentioned earlier that you equip to gain your slots also come with bonus effects sometimes (More HP, more MP, etc..), as well as a flux bonus.  These flux bonuses effect your Techs in different ways (MP Consumed lowering, tech power, etc...), but the system is completely random.  Each Tech can store up to 10 flux modification, and a number of instances of each modification.  So if your Talisman has MP Consumed, randomly after using that Tech you will be given the option to activate that flux mod.  If the same flux occurs again on the same move, you now have MP Consumed 2 for even less MP Consumed.  I'll admit this is interesting, but the random nature and the stacking make it nothing more than an artificial game extender for people who want to min/max their charactersStory:------There was a story in this game?  I'm sorry, I must have missed it.  Seriously, this story is just linear, generic, garbage and it♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off the most about the game except for...Characters:------------The characters in this game are null.  None of them are interesting, all of them are tropes, one of them is a direct rip-off from Chrono Trigger's story(and yet, somehow, they managed to make that character boring as well).  Not one of them has any mystery that you care about, they have no real interactions outside of some brief conversation here and there, and they just plain don't hold you attention.  I would honestly be surprised if I remember any of them 1 week from now, which, when comparing to a game like Chrono Trigger, a game with such a good story and such amazing characters that are still remembered fondly to this day....this is the one thing you should DEFINITELY HAVE NOT failed at.Music:-------Musicly not much to say, it is sort of one-note with pretty much just the piano, however, the music is really good and definitely reminiscent of early JRPG'sOverall:--------Overall, at the $40 price mark, I give this game 3/10, the story is boring, the characters are blank sheets of paper with very little personality, the battle system is made worse by the additions they tried to make.  The few points this game does get are from music and the few pieces it stole from Chrono Trigger that make me remember how good that game was.  However, at the $20 or lower mark, I would bump it to a 5/10 and could be a small enjoyable experience if you take it on its own merit without comparing it to anything."
76561197962065193,Recommended,441830,24920881,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,gen-X,"I like the game, it is a good hommage to old JRPGs. Besides a few things that may disturb you is the fact, that saving spots are rarely in the game. I lost many hours of playtime because of that and it grind my gears really heavy. But I would still recommend it!"
,Recommended,441830,32076531,Posted: 30 May,all,Barldon,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A_FDiqc294IOverall Score: 7/10 - Not perfect, but worth it for the experienceAfter purchasing this game near enough the day it released, I held back for a lnog period of time due to the majority of the comments about the game. People talking about a story-line that falls a little bit flat on it's face, and not particularly modern gameplay along with long loading screens (Something I personally didn't find an issue, not sure if that's been improved over time or is dependant on the computer you're running on).Let me tell you, those comments are not wrong - gameplay is indeed somewhat out-dated, and the story is indeed slightly questionable. But personally, I can overlook those things due to how pleasent the core experience of playing this game is.If there's one thing I am Setsuna does right, it's nailing the theme of the game (See video analysis). And personally, I think that's enough reason in of itself to purchase the game and give it a try. Well, at-least if it comes on sale - I'm not sure how much I could recommend this to someone for the full £30.Don't get me wrong mind you, I wouldn't consider anything this game does to be terrible. If you're a game mechanics fanatic or someone hungry for a great story, there are certainly better games out there for you. But, if you just simply want to have an enjoyable time then I am Setsuna passes with a pretty decent B-.Playing this game truly is an experience I don't think I can get with many other games at all, and despite it's imperfections, it's an experience I'm glad I didn't skip."
,Recommended,441830,24442655,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Scytherlance,"So I'm a guradian who has to protect a girl on her journey to the Last Lands so she can sacrifice her life to seal away the evil monsters. Is the final boss my dad, and when do i get to play blitzball?Seriously though, the game has been pretty good so far. I definitely rocommend it if you're a fan of the old JRPGs like Chrono Trigger. From what I've seen all the negative reviews are people complaining about their Xbox controllers not working. Using my PS4 controller and it works fine.One draw back is because it feels like those old JRPGs that I have such good memories of, this game is making me want to stop playing it so I can go back and re-play Trigger and FF VII. Its like its giving me too much nostalgia so the game isn't standing out on its own, at least not yet. I am still only near the start of the story. Hopefully it distinguishes it's self as I progress more."
,Not Recommended,441830,28574828,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Gaige,"I am Setsuna is a game designed to mimic RPGs from the ""Golden Age"" of the 90s. Chrono Trigger is the name I see thrown around most often in comparisons, but I feel that comparison is part of why this game let me down. Don't get me wrong, I am Setsuna is not a terrible game, but it's not a game worth paying $15+ for. It's pretty short, has a minimalistic story and flat characters, and a poorly explained combat system.The setting is unique, and it did a good job of grabbing my attention intially. The soundtrack is pleasant, it's nearly all piano and it does wonders for establishing that unique setting. The game is meant to feel lonely, and it does. But at times that loneliness lends itself to tedium and boredom as all of the environments blend together.The combat system tries to encourage mixing and matching characters to find the best team for certain fights through combo attacks. This is I am Setsuna's attempt to reproduce one of the best aspects of Chrono Trigger's combat system, but it ultimately fails for two reasons:1. The characters can only equip a small amount of their usable abilities, and every character involved in a combo attack needs the correct ones equipped to use it. Switching abilities out takes time and there is no system in place to have saved sets of abilities, which means it is very time consuming to switch in and use other characters. Characters outside of the party recieve reduced experience as well, so constantly switching is necessary to keep them all at an appropriate level.2. The game explains which abilities are used in combo attacks in a menu hidden away in the codex, I found it only after I Googled the combinations and it was pointed out to me. So in order to figure out which abilities characters need the player must navigate their way to a completely different section of the menus to reference the necessary information. It is extremely cumbersome.I am Setsuna is a game that was created with a noble idea in mind. I want to see more traditional JRPGs come out onto Steam, but I think that Tokyo RPG Factory needs to rework a few things in their next entry. The inventory system needs to be streamlined and the combat needs to be better explained. While I do look forward to what they produce next, I do not recommend buying this game unless it is $15 or less, even if you are a dedicated RPG fan."
,Recommended,441830,28780199,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,seskanda,"Its charming! I am Setsuna explores the concept of humanity and remembrance in a few perspectives.  Characters and battle system are solid though not exceptional. Atmosphere is immersive and nostalgic. At times, its extremely meta/self-aware which contributes to the JRPG nostalgia.The Breakdown:-Save points are scarce at times, but I appreciate it as it reminded me of playing old JRPGs as a kid (I believe it was FFIII where I first ran into this issue). It created just enough stress because there were some enemy mobs that would debuff you to death if you weren't paying attention. Definitely kept me on my toes.-The music is ***lovely***-If you didn't break the game with your spritnite, then the bosses were genuinely challenging at times (Which felt a bit odd, as the boss difficulty jumps with the Aurean Tiger and escalates for a while, but then drops significantly depending on your build).-I honestly enjoyed all of the characters (even the ones with weak first impressions).-Choice has no bearings on story, but is nice for RP and giving the protagonist a voice in the story-Though the game feels incredibly rushed towards the end (not really plotholes as much as lacking explanation which was probably written at some points, but excluded in the final product), it had its moments along the way."
,Recommended,441830,30385525,Posted: 7 March,all,callamp,'I am Setsuna' is a old-school inspired JRPG that mixes gameplay from the likes of 'Chrono Trigger' against the themes present in games such as 'Final Fantasy IX'.I loved the 'Chrono Trigger' battle system from the moment I first played that game almost two decades ago. It's a simple turn-based battle system that allows you to combine your character attacks to boost damage. The system in 'I am Setsuna' has a few additional quirks - some which work and others that are a little too complicated or random - but that is the basics.'I am Setsuna' is a budget title from a new developer (working within Square-Enix) and that sometimes shows. The entire game takes place in snowy environments and while I didn't mind that - it game the game a more intimate feel in my opinion - that won't work for everyone.The game is also quite short by the standards of JRPGs. I completed the game in 14 hours - though I haven't done any of the end-game content - and some may be disappointed by that. But as someone in their 30s with less time on my hands I'd prefer a shorter RPG rather than a 50+ hour monstrosity that I never end up finishing.The characters in the game are charming and the dialogue is mostly pretty good. The story is simple but effective and the themes are relatable. This isn't a game that descends into incomprehensible mumbo-jumbo towards the end.I'd recommend the game wholeheartedly to those that love JRPGs and especially those who grew up on the 16bit / 32bit JRPGs from Square. For a first time effort from a new developer this was really promising and I hope they get another opportunity and a bigger budget so we can really see what they are capable of.
,Recommended,441830,33751076,Posted: 23 July,all,Alveola,"This game is honestly so beautiful, it's such a shame that this game isn't more popular. It's not very grind-y like a lot of JRPGs and it's quite a short game, it doesn't overstay its welcome and I appreciate that. If you have the money and enjoy a good JRPG, please give this game a chance. You probably won't regret it!"
76561197963219640,Recommended,441830,25810200,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,**,"This has been a game I've wanted to play since it came out; simply because it is advertised as a game that is reminiscent of Chrono Trigger -- which has been a favorite of mine for many years since playing it on the Super Nintentedo (though I did download it off a DBZ fansite as a ROM, hehe) -- I biasly recommend it.The game itself is beautiful, to say the least. The music is primiarily done in piano, and the entire game is set in a perpertual-winter scene. Piano, being one of my favorite instruments, is an 'okay' from me since again, I do like the instrument itself. To others who do not have the favoritism I have may find the monotonous of the instrument overbearing.The characters are... not very interesting. Nothing an avid RPG-gamer hasn't seen before. Without spoiling too much, the characters seem very... bland. From other reviews, you can already imagine what the characters may be like. Some are reminiscent of past games, and are a welcome addition if you are a nostalgic gamer of certain series of games. If not, the game is a simple RPG that takes upon many of the past experiences of games that were fantastic during their time.I'm not sure I'd recommend this game to people of the current generation, but the game is definitely 'good' so far. I've only gotten into perhaps eight hours into the game, but it is fun, though this may contribute more towards my nostalgic attribute than any technical gaming attribute I definitely lack (until I decide to get into game design which may be part of my future).All in all, a good game. Not terrible, not fantastic. Just a good old-school RPG with very simple design that draws in those who have that nostalgic-want from past games and those who may want an RPG that doesn't require too much brain cells.Go ahead and give this game a try, if not during Steam Sales. Can't say you won't be either disappointed or filled with inspiration, but you'll definitely, obviously, have an experience.P.S. This game does glitch-out at times. This meaning that sometimes my character would glitch-out of the zone and start walking in the water or holes of the zone."
,Recommended,441830,25120674,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,sregor,"This game is  nothing amazing, or new, but its fun. its classic JRPG in the vein of chrono trigger, and lets just say, in the days before gamefaqs I spent so much time to see all of those endings, so I was super geeked to play this and see how it resembled it in terms of tone and game play."
76561198035034948,Recommended,441830,25077514,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,FreezeHero,"Pros:+Fun Combat System reminiscent of Chrono Trigger+Likable Characters+Good Story+Don't regret playing itMids:=Some of it felt thrown together, and cliche=It tried so hard to advertise as a Chronotrigger clone, but wanted to be it's own identity.=The Spritenite system isn't my favorite thing in the world, and seems kind of dumb.Cons:-I think the composer made some great music, however, I feel like they tried ""too hard"" to make it some emotional trip and it just doesn't work with this game.-When full screen, your mouse cursor still remains on screen, yet you can't click anything at all, oruse the mouse for anything. Maybe they intended too, but ran out of money/time?-POTENTIAL SPOILER- Only one ending, your choices don't matter, they could have done so much with the storyline, and made the game amazing if they just spent a little more time and effort in it, it feels like they were hoping for a sequel or DLC content, instead of just throwing everything into the game.Overall: I enjoyed the game, and would play a sequel, but hope they get their stuff together."
76561198027038417,Recommended,441830,30072200,Posted: 20 February,all,sevenix.zp,"I don't know why the reviews are so mixed... It's a great game. If you want a classical turn based JRPG, this is another great addition to the genre. However, if you haven't played the classics yet (chrono trigger, chrono cross, any final fantasy, baten kaitos, legend of the dragoon, legend of legaia, etc.) I have to recommend many of those first, because due to the simplistic story I wouldn't quite consider this game to be on their level."
,Recommended,441830,26924886,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sorington,"This game is just beautiful, and the nostalgia from old jrpgs strikes hard when playing it"
76561198050782592,Recommended,441830,24749235,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Tykenn,"""I am setsuna."" Beautiful, yet lacking.The game itself is above-average that has an oldschool JRPG feeling, however the content to price ratio is off. I would strongly recommend that you only buy it on sale. At the current moment(06/08/2016), the game isn't worth the £30/$40 that they ask for; if one day they add free-content then it will be worth its price.+Personally, the music was the biggest selling point in this game. The composer knew exactly what he was doing and nailed it with every single track. The graphics looked amazing with an unique art-style that gave off a painterly feeling throughout the experience.-/+Gameplay felt alright, most of the time it was easy with no real problem. Fairly early into the game you can get a one hit combo that will more or less end every fight before it starts. I enjoyed the combat system personally, if you really dig into it; the different items and equipment you can get really change up how you play. Almost every single one of the characters you decide to have in your party can fit any given role.-The story however was lacking, the options they gave had no real meaning and the very few that did had only one 'Right' answer. character relationships don't change, it's pretty much just different dialogue."
,Recommended,441830,24744361,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Rusty Shackleford,"I've been looking forward to this game since it was announced so I may be a little biased but I love it. I think the best way to describe it is ""cozy"". This is my game I play after work when I just want to relax and unwind. The pheonomenal sountrack sets the mood quite well. If you have the ability to do so I recommend being in bed under covers with headphones and only the screen for light.I will admit this game doesn't bring a whole lot of new to the genre, but what it lacks in innovation it makes up for in charm. I've still got a ways to go in it (I hope) so maybe my opinion will change later but as of this point I feel I get my money's worth out of this game. And if they ever decide to release a phsyical copy for consoles I'll probably repurchase it then too."
,Recommended,441830,25209007,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Ripley Riley,"LoveCombat system reminiscent of Chrono Trigger, but with the added Momentum mechanic to keep it freshInteresting progression system with more depth than simply leveling up your character, called Fluxation.Monster designsBeautiful piano soundtrackMore adult narrative than ""find magical mcguffin, stab ebil wizard, save princess""HateProgression system is initially very confusing and poorly explained. RNG based.Minor spelling errors and incorrect item descriptions. E.g. ""Improves max HP"" when the item actually gives max MPPiano soundtrack is beautiful... but is also the entire musical score. Can wear on you.Snow. Everywhere. All the time. Snow.So far I am really enjoying the old school JRPG vibes I get from I Am Setsuna. It's quite fun! I just wish they had taken some time to vary up the weather a bit and thrown more than one instrument in the OST."
,Recommended,441830,24417911,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Sane,"Great game so far, lovin' it. <3I'll give a full review later when I finished this game once or twice.Having smooth fps, no freezes or crashes whatsoever at the moment, also if you have a controller available I'd recommend using it."
76561198085986087,Not Recommended,441830,33257322,Posted: 4 July,all,phozzie5,"Don't be fooled into buying this game because it's a spiritual successor to Chrono Trigger. Some simple design cues that echo the SNES classic doesn't mean this game is even in the same category at Chrono Trigger.Let me start by describing what I've liked about this game: it's a JRPG, and the music. And the music only to a certain degree. After the first hour, it's only okay.Before I bought this game, I read  a ton of reviews about how deep this game is, and how depressing/sad it is. Maybe it is. But only if you've never experienced grief before, i.e. you're around elementary/middle school-age and nothing has really happened to you in your life yet. No worries. It will. You still have time. But for those who were around when Chrono Trigger first came out, the 'deep' aspect of it only comes across as cliched, with Setsuna herself being naively annoying; which not that she's an exception, most of the characters are not likable anyway. The script stinks of tropes. It's just lazy writing at best.Next, and this one is something everyone else has complained about, this game definately is NOT a $40 game. Don't spend more then $10 for it - that's about the content. I knew I was getting only about 20-25 hours of this (thank youHowlongtobeat.com)so I can't fault the game for that. However, about 11-12 hours in, and starting to get to the final area and I thought oh wow, not even 15 hours of this game, except the lead up to the penultimate dungeon, the penultimate dungeon itself, and the final dungeon literally consitutes half of the game. So, it's unbalanced that way. Lame.And I really can't believe how stingy this game is with the save points. Just traveled through all four levels of the final dungeon with no problem only to get my rear-end handed to me by a mob with a trio of one-hit K.O's, which made me so angry and the reason I decided to write this scathing review because that was the proverbial straw that broke the camel's back.I really hope this isn't the quality we can expect from Tokyo RPG Factory. I mean, I kind of expect that from Square since they've been on the down since Sakaguchi left, but if all this new deveoper is going to do is churn out low-quality games and expect triple A prices, then I hope they burn in captalism's hell./rant."
,Recommended,441830,24749847,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Vikeo,"Well I really liked the game, it's not perfect though. If you can look past the pricetag, can deal with reused assets like enemie with other colours, horns and such (which is pretty common in JRPG's it seems, don't know why people are making into a big deal with I am Setsuna..) and a sad story, then you should consider getting this game.There's nothing groundbreaking in it though. If you can wait for it to go on sale, do that."
,Recommended,441830,24566419,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,PipenKai,"Just finished the game, and oh boy what a ride. Haven't played a JRPG so good for years. It's not perfect by any means, but if you love storytelling, just play it until the end, it's just magnificient how they put every piece of the story together and actually presented an ending that's memorable and makes you want to play it again all over. If it's worth the money? I don't care, I payed for an experience and I wasn't let down, totally worth it. 8/10"
,Recommended,441830,32804958,Posted: 26 June,all,Nexarion,"I don't ever right serious reviews, but the journey I just took with this masterpieces has driven me to do so.I bought this game a few months ago due to a recommendation of a friend who'd played it on PS4. I never sat down to play it until I hit a dry patch with no internet, and I could not be more ashamed of myself for not experiencing this sooner.It started off as a game to me, and it turned into everything but not an hour into it. I just finished it a few minutes ago, and this sh*t got me f*cked up man. From the gorgeous visuals, to the beautifully composed soundtrack, to the gripping and heart-wrenching pilgrimmage; This game's got me suckered hook, line, and sinker, and I'm thankful for every minute I spent seeing this journey to its end. If this game's on sale when you're reading this, don't hesitate for even a second to buy it. It's worth every penny, and then some.F*ckin' easy 12/10 in my book, hands down."
,Recommended,441830,25432444,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Yonebayashi,"I will never look at snow the same way anymore.I am Setsuna is a good game with good characters, the music is stunning (mostly only piano) and the art is pretty (mostly snow and red trees). The developers deserve an applause. Moving on... the enemies are a bit boring, they mosly consist of the same design but with differnet colors. Villagers do have good dialogs and it feels like they are living (some villagers have cringy dialogs though), if you wonder about the blue chests, yes you will be able to open them later in the game. I'll end this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ review with my thanks too the developers for an awesome journey, I do recommend this game for JRPG lovers it's not a long story (maybe 12h abit more if you want all the achivements) but it is worth to remember. Message me for more info or more details."
76561198123858579,Recommended,441830,24430532,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Peter Nincompoop,"There are some glaring flaws to this game. Some missions are confusing with no way to read the dialougue again. I wish that the party size was 4 instead of 3 in order to make a more balanced party. I found myself using the first 3 heroes for my entire time so far.I am not finished with the game, but so far the good out weighs the bad significantly.The Art is amazing, and I could listen to the sound track for hours. The combat system is positioning based making it interesting and enjoyable. I would recommend for $40"
76561197991019394,Recommended,441830,28571231,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Kaerbear,"One of the most artistic and genre-loyal games made in recent years, I am Setsuna is sure to delight anyone who ever fell in love playing traditional Final Fantasy/Phantasy Star type games in the 90's and earl 00's. The combat system is fun and engaging, the music is amazing, and the art and story are top notch. Strongly reccommended."
76561198027444901,Recommended,441830,34462137,Posted: 24 August,all,ganafin,"This game overall is not a super amazing game, but is still pretty good.  I enjoyed playing it but wish there were more of it.Pros:-The battle system is fun, challenging, and moves quickly, so battles aren't boring-music is amazing-characters are like-able-the environment the story tellers crafted is beautiful and engagingCons:-the game is rushed at the end with not every much end game content (a 15-20 hour game)-there are choices but they don't affect the ending or story in anywayThis game has a similar style to Chrono Trigger with a battle system and music very similar to it.  The lack of end game content and side quests takes away from I am Setsuna, and it never makes it to the same level as Chrono Trigger.It's still worth a play"
,Recommended,441830,25153157,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Ekspresi,This game is so good & that BGM enjoy my ears.
,Recommended,441830,25220782,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,BodyPolitic,"Only a few hours in but highly reccomend. I've played enough of the game to get a decent picture about what you are getting:Classic JRPG style gameplay - Active Time Battle and Momentum add a bit of complexity to the turn based forumulaChrono Trigger- If  you've played the classic, then its impossible not to see the resembalance. Everything from musical themes, to techs\combos even the names of the special moves  call back to the classicSo on a really basic level, you will know if your interesteed in this game. If you enjoy clasic jrpg and wouldn't mind playing a game that feels like Chrono Trigger's thematic cousin, then I am Setsuna is for you.  The artsyle\graphics are ok, capturing the old aestethic but putting it in modern form, with 3d graphics, detailed but still stylezed character models. The snow setting pervades everything, so I can see feeling like it's kind of repetative, but the snow, and winter are huge themes, and wondering through the frozen landscape reinforces themes of death, and despair. It permiates the game, affecting conversations, lore and the landscape. This is a bleak game.But its  beautiful in it's bleakness,  precisce in its old school callbacks and perhaps most importantly, its a  new story. During a time where it seems a new classic Final Fantasy game is released on steam every month,  it's refreshing to pla y something that is brand new, that even though it pays homage to CT is still its own crafted story.   So far Setsuna hits all the right notes, Tokyo RPG Factory has made it's mark and I can't wait to see what they do next."
76561198003292839,Recommended,441830,24433569,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,FLKttn,"It's a nice little JRPG with a few small, but potentially critical flaws.The story and characters are par for the course.If you hate the tropes and clichés of the genre, you'll likely find plenty to annoy you here.That said, it's not the worst I've seen and the player party is tolerable for the most part.I am sort of split on how I feel about the upgrade/leveling system in the game.Character levels don't do anything except raise HP and MP.All your stats are tied to your weapons, which you upgrade with materials that youeither buy or find.Don't mistake that for ""crafting"" though - it's a straightforward ""click weapon, click material, done"" process.What *is* akin to crafting, however, is the talisman system.In short, you equip an accessory with certain latent traits on it, and thenthose traits will (somewhat randomly) trigger in battle and bind to yourequipped ability stones. The end result is that you can make one stone with ""weaker sword slice that costs less MP""and another stone with ""heavy sword slice that costs more MP and does more damage"" and then equip or change those around as you see fit.Given the random nature of activating these traits, it can be a tedious process but it's ultimatelywhere you will also find the addictive ""grinding"" that is familiar to the genre.The combat feels fast and fluid and opens up quite a few options as you progress,with (canned) combo attacks, skillchains, added effects and so on.It definetly has a more modern balancing to it though - more akin to what you mightsee in something like Bravely Default.You either steamroll your opponents with combos, killing them before they even get a move in -or they do the same to you. There's very little in between when it comes to the stronger bosses.Artstyle is subjective, and clearly visible on the store page so take that as you will.The music deserves a mention though, as it is completely made up of a single piano.This makes it very particular, if perhaps somewhat monotone at times.When it comes to the compositions themselves, they're solid across the board (and someturns sound quite familiar actually).All in all, I think it's a good game although not the ""return to greatness"" that some fans may have been expecting."
76561198036850512,Recommended,441830,30661785,Posted: 21 March,all,Funct,"Beautiful art-style, throwback gameplay to the days when Final Fantasy reigned as the RPG franchise king. The music is beautiful, and really makes the game. With a melancholy story that causes the player to struggle with the idea of one (really selfless and amazing) person's sacrifice being necessary to allow others to continue living in peace, the game is a pleasure from beginning to (almost) end. I had very minor issues with anything; there were some missed opportunities for very touching moments, I thought, but all in all it really was just an enjoyable, easy-to-get-through gaming experience."
,Recommended,441830,24427172,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,kai_desu,"First off, I have not run into any issues whatsoever playing this on Windows 10 as well as streaming to my mac/TV with the Steam Controller. No lag, no stuttering, and smooth FPS.Beautifully well made and solid game - I can't recommend this enough to both long time fans of JRPG's and those of you who may be fairly new or missed out on the ""golden era"" of JRPG's.Completely nostalgic and heart warming."
,Recommended,441830,24426893,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Sunohara,Really captured that old timey rpg feel.from battles to having no voice over on dialouges (lol)but it's actually quite appealling that way.Haven't reached any heavy feels part yet. but i will update as i continue on.
,Recommended,441830,29520045,Posted: 27 January,all,Amateus,"Gameplay is awesome. Oldschoolness is awesome. But the story is not as strong as it could have been. If you liked oldschool RPG's and wanted a new one, here you go."
76561198106165594,Recommended,441830,24421223,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Maximus,"Well, based on the couple of hours I put in, I have to say that I am enjoying the game. The game is simple, just think back to the SNES days but with upgraded graphics and music. The story telling in this game is great. It's not paragraphs of dialogue that get tiring to read, but it's enough to get the emotion out of the characters and story. So far it’s been pretty linear, but for this type of game it suits it well. I love the winter and I love piano music, so this kind of atmosphere really hits home for me personally. Also, I really do love the simplicity of this game. Sometimes it’s just nice to play a game where you can enjoy the characters and story without all of the other complexities that you find in games with complex skill systems etc. This game is meant for people who are looking for a nice olden time nostalgic experiences to the olden games such as the Final Fantasy games for NES and SNES. In conclusion, I am really enjoying this game, and I look forward to completing it. I recommend this for any person who is looking for that olden time nostalgic experience."
76561198030778236,Recommended,441830,24418358,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Whygee,"Off the bat, it's a very charming game. Great piano soundtrack, very fleshed out graphics. Aesthetically speaking, the abundance of snow makes for a great design choice to emphasize the story of sacrifice and perhaps eventual rebirth.It feels a lot like Chrono Trigger; just swap the ""hang out with a chick and travel through time because why not"" storyline for a ""hang out with a chick you barely know in a frozen wasteland because why not"" storyline.But it's no Chrono Trigger. The battle system tries too hard to evolve the simplistic flawlessness of CT - without acheiving much in return and by being perhaps somewhat convoluted at times - while the dialogues (at least those in English) seem to be streamlined without enough polish, wherein everyone ends up contributing to a common melting pot rather than coming together of their own volition despite their different personalities. Individual thought, ambitions and rationalization are just not there. In other words: character development is subsumed into a rather simple, and predictable, narrative the likes of ""we must do some such thing because reason"", which is such an old cliche it's become a diservice to the genre.While I still believe it's a solid entry in the genre despite the shortcomings, I have a hard time accepting that 40$ is the right price for it. Unless you are an undying fan of JRPG, you should wait for a deal so it is more palatable."
76561198079300037,Recommended,441830,24481220,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,giggityiggity,"***********SPOILERS (maybe) Finally brought myself to finish the game, and definitely glad I did.   The ending is sad, but also very open-ended and leaves quite a few questions to be unanswered.  I thought the character's backgrounds were all explained pretty well aside from Endir and Fides, and I feel like maybe ""I am Endir"" should be a title in the works because his background is a complete mystery to the finish.  END SPOILERS**************I see a lot of people saying it's the same story as FFX; I'd have to disagree.  While I see the similarities, they're definitely not the same stories; they do not finish the same way and the characters in FFX have much more depth to them.The gameplay is what should keep you interested (imo) in any RPG.  Stories are rehashed all the time in videogames, movies, TV, etc... but especially in JRPGs.  Really, gameplay is what makes this genre replayable;  the game could have an amazing story and garbage gameplay, but why play a game if it's not fun?  Just for the story?  No, of course not.  The gameplay is fun and you can customize your Spritnites, weapon names, upgrade weapon stats, loadouts, etc.  They give you far more Spritnites to choose from than you will have space, so you definitely have to pick and choose the right combination for your playstyle.  And certainly, different playstyles are possible in this game.  By no means are you forced to take someone with healing spells; you can, instead, farm for HP Recovery Flux Bonus to attach to offensive Spritnites (for example, on Nidr, I had HP Recovery on Stone Slash and I would often wait for my SP gauge to fill so I could use Momentum and heal my party).I see people saying the game is not explained very well; the game definitely tells you all you need to know.  If you don't remember, simply go to one the vendor NPCs and click on Ask For Advice to find out about all the mechanics in the game (such as Flux Bonuses, Tampering, etc.).  Money is really easy to come by; simply sell stuff you get from monsters to the Spritnite dealer and bam, tons of money.  I was only low on money early on in the game; eventually you'll have over 100k, every weapon, 99 of every potion, and nothing to do (exaggeration, but seriously; I have 150k at the end of the game and need nothing).I learned that there is actually more to the game when it's over if you load the saved game.  It's not exactly Story+ like Chrono Cross, but I couldn't be happier with what I'm discovering about this game the more I play it.Overall, I can't recommend this game enough for 90's gamers like myself, or anyone that enjoys a good JRPG with a decent amount of bonus content to keep you busy (optional mobs, dungeons, collecting things, etc.)."
,Recommended,441830,24425938,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Fuzz X,"Wow. I really miss the older JRPG Classics. Modern JRPGs just try too many different things to pull you in.Not with this, not with I am Setsuna.Do you like Chrono Trigger's active battle system? It's here.All about dat Materia? You got it.Engaging storyline, breathtaking graphics, and a beautiful piano score? Boom.After an hour in, I'm hooked and you will be too."
,Recommended,441830,24424949,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,gustinex,If you hate snow and piano then I have bad news.
76561198032435065,Not Recommended,441830,35254366,Posted: 27 September,all,ogreburdened,"The dialogue is lacking in many ways. The quality in general is poor and it often leaves a lot left to be desired. This isn't poor translation, responses to your dialogue choices are often disappointing, there really is no point to the choices. Honestly I was getting immersed in the menus, reading about the locations and such, only to be pulled out of it very quickly. It's quite mind-boggling that such effort went to add all this information about places, items and enemies when the dialogue and its options are so poor. I couldn't help but feel they could of used a lot of this text in the game-world, rather than leaving all of it in the menus.It took me a few seconds to realize a flashback was happening at the shrine at the beginning of the game. This was because characters on screen were talking, and they were in almost the same positions in the flashback. Poor execution and Setsuna go together.What can I say? Some materials are green when I can sell stuff to the magic consortium (the nightrite npc), yet I don't know why. Food hadn't been explained to me yet. I guessed they were used for something else. Materials to upgrade my weapons? No... They're for cooking. So I read the names. The other issue is... What the hell is this system? Selling items so an npc can sell you abilities? Because money is involved and this is labelled as buying and selling, so it is confusing, how much are you buying nightrite for? Are these materials used for other things? Oh, and the first time I used this system, I was selling items separately when I could just go and make them... But the nightrite are grayed out in the menu and as it's the first thing you see, you simply ignore it.Combat... Where do I start? I play turn-based games so I don't have to time things with animations or dodge attacks. I find turn-based games... Relaxing. The Momentum system is anti-thetical to the turn-based experienced. You see, many things are based around the Momentum system. You feel like you need to use it. A lot. You hit a key when a character attacks an enemy once you've got a charge... But you gain charges by waiting when a characters turn is ready. When you do use Momentum, the animations are so short that it's not hard to miss it. You see... If the animation were longer, I wouldn't have as much of an issue but... This is a turn-based game. It's like when you feel you need to use summons in FF8 and you feel the need to use the square button to get the most out of the system. Instead of enchancing the game, these features degrade it. Not only that, but the Momentum system detracts from the actual combat in general. And the moment it gets hectic, I just don't care. I don't really give a ♥♥♥♥. That's my honest opinion. When I discovered Momentum carries over through battles, I found myself sitting at my PC doing literally nothing.Just waiting. Then I got bored. And that's a terrible thing.The save points... For ♥♥♥♥s sake, my favourite podcast is on. I like to take my time going through a game without feeling rushed. I like to explore and make sure that I don't miss anything. So I keep moving forward, then I'm flooded with 20 accessories to look at and decide what to buy and how to equip my character .... Oh boy, how much fun. ♥♥♥♥ off and give me my save point already. Also, learn how to make a ♥♥♥♥ing game you plebs."
,Recommended,441830,25438256,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,SudoSamurai,Chrono Trigger-ish clone with incredible piano music that takes me back to every great video game soundtrack from my childhood. The music and environments alone make this an experience worth having. Story and characters are pretty compelling and it hits me in all the right nostalgic feels.
,Recommended,441830,31624705,Posted: 8 May,all,Kirinon,"A pretty short yet beautiful RPG.I love the music and I love the snowy areas.Even though I say it's short, it took me a few weeks to finish the game since I only play on weekends.Pros:Beautiful artBeautiful musicAchievementsCons:Pretty short (20-30 hours gameplay)Multiple choices on dialogue doesn't affect the game (so what for?)3-man party (I wish I can play them all at once)4/5 for the beautiful art and music.Now I want to play more RPGs TwT"
,Recommended,441830,27893043,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,[ICE]♥모모링♥,This game is a good jrpg game.. recommended. but it need a little more story or DLC.. the story is short
76561198069515722,Recommended,441830,24416216,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,[FuUP] Spez,"Instant classic. This brings back all the good times from the FF and Dragon Quest days. Amazing sound track, and very well polished. Combat system is very good and with some interesting twist to make it fresh but play like the classics of old"
,Recommended,441830,24440585,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Ðel,"Only been playing for a little bit, but already enjoying this game quite a bit....can't wait to keep playing it more"
76561198063230813,Recommended,441830,24416029,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Neon,Where has this game been all my life?
76561198027185147,Recommended,441830,24430490,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Aerthos,"Played for a handful of hours and already blissfully happy with this game. It is very much like picking up an old friend if you are familiar with RPGs from the SNES and early PS1 era, except the art style is beautifully modern without being distracting from the gameplay. Combat is straightforward and fairly simple, with the ability for optimization coming in how you allocate yours techs/skills and your equipment. For those of you that are completionists (myself included), the game also has a handy journal to track all the things you have encountered and unlocked.The story thus far is nothing wholly original. You will see other reviews comparing it to Tales of Symphonia and Final Fantasy X, and yes it is more or less a very similar story that hits many of the same tropes and themes. However, I would argue that just because it is not an original story plot does not make it an enjoyable one, and if nothing else the familiar feel to the story allows you to enjoy the little details in the combat and equipment all the more."
,Recommended,441830,24450101,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Murkury,"I Am Setsuna is a great RPG, but it still has its shortcomings.Things I like:+Gorgeous soundtrack+Interesting battle system+Great character designs+Nice visuals despite its simplistic style+Interesting storyNeutral feelings:+/- It's kind of short (Reportedly 20-25 hrs) as there are no sidequests.  Whether this is a big deal will depend on the person.  The developers of the game decided they wanted to solely focus on the main story, so I can respect that.Things I thought were off:-This is one of those games that show the Xbox buttons when you're playing regardless of how you set the controls.-I couldn't get my PS4 controller to work with the game-Lackluster dialogue options:  The player is often presented with two different ways to say the same thing.  Sometimes you can choose to be either a♥♥♥♥♥♥or be neutral.  I feel it would have been better to give the protagonist his own voice considering how poorly this was fleshed out.-Only minimal strategy is needed, as the characters are always fairly strong regardless of grinding-Repetitive environmentsThe game definitely has its shortcomings.  And how impactful they are will depend on the person, but I personally feel as though it is easy to look past them and enjoy a wonderful 20-25 hour experience."
76561198006678733,Recommended,441830,24418240,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,RogerSmith,"A beautiful and mysterious game and a challenging one at that. I have yet to solve the first puzzle, how to unlock the legendary ""New Game"" option. Hopefully with a little luck and perserverence I'll be able to crack this crazy conundrum and actually play the game.welp/10*UPDATE*The game really hates controllers. Like a lot. If you're having the same trouble I had, disconnect any controllers from your computer and just play with mouse and keyboard."
,Recommended,441830,24418060,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Knaak,"Aside from giving this game a thumbs up and recommending it for sure, props to the pianist for this game. Music is just as amazing as the combat"
,Recommended,441830,34223101,Posted: 13 August,all,Sensei,"It was a really excellent casual playthrough.  Loved the ""paintings in motion"" style visuals. Although I wasn't a fan of the piano-only soundtrack at first, it does such a good job of creating atmosphere that it quickly grew on me.  The character models are very cute, and by the end you can't help but feel invested in the characters.  The whole game has a melancholic tone mixed with optimism, it's a real contrast from the power fantasy centric game design in higher budget RPGs.  I wish more games would take this approach, in this case it really paid off.As for the bad, even after beating the game I'm not quite sure how the talisman / spritnite system works.  The magic system is more complex than I'd like, although the difficulty is forgiving enough that it was still possible to push through the final dungeons by having good weapons and spamming aura and flare.  I'd guess that some of the optuse descriptions are translation issues, so you might want to check a wiki for help in making sense of it all.Overall great game, if you enjoy SNES RPGs or are looking for a short linear JRPG, it's definitely worth a playthough."
76561198261967965,Recommended,441830,34035858,Posted: 5 August,all,Tris Ghost,"A classic plot of 'the world need a sacrifice thus their journey begin to escort them to certain place to protect the world'Love the winter/snow theme in this game, it's white and cold yet gorgeous. The mechanic are pretty simple and quite engaging. I recommend this game for anyone who loved RPG genre and looking for a simple game to play.The music were gorgeous, the characters are cute. One example of same/similar plot but different presentation, even when people said of how it's similar with Tales of Symphonia's story, I say this one has it's own beauty."
,Recommended,441830,29193515,Posted: 11 January,all,Rev.,Combine the combat system of Chrono Trigger with stunning wintery visuals and a compelling story and you have I Am Setsuna. Definitely play this game is you were a fan of SNES Chrono Trigger!
,Recommended,441830,35280195,Posted: 28 September,all,krakensandwich,It has been a while since I play a game like this and it really brings back some memories.
,Recommended,441830,35374258,Posted: 1 October,all,Tiny Squish,"The art in this game is absolutely amazing, you get so emersed by the visuals. The trail behind you in the snow is a wonderful touch.As with the characters, I can't help but get attached to each and every one of them as I continue along this journey.Such a splendid game."
76561198020891129,Recommended,441830,35434897,Posted: 2 October,all,Billdozer,"I Am Setsuna is a game that will surprise you with it's story and it's characters. If you're into JRPGs that have a strong focus on those two elements, you'll love it. The combat is fine - nothing to write home about, but it does a well enough job. The abilities system is a little bit confusing, or at least for me it was. It wasn't until I was level 16 before I realized how buying abilities worked.If you're looking to scratch that classic JRPG itch, this will defintiely do the trick. Please, if you're on the fence about whether this game is good or not, go for it! It will surprise you.That being said, this game isn't worth $40. Wait for a sale, I picked it up at 40% off."
,Recommended,441830,35464834,Posted: 3 October,all,Cankles,I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game.
76561198061022060,Recommended,441830,30079425,Posted: 21 February,all,panda magic,"a good game, remind me of classics games like chrono trigger.it is basically a modern take on chrono trigger, the battle system is good.the story is really2 good, if you want to taste what jrpg should look like, you should try this game."
,Recommended,441830,31856781,Posted: 20 May,all,Scorpio1401,"Loved the game, in a way felt like a quick paced mobile game story though. Also, If you played Final Fantasy X... this story is pretty much FF X lol. The game is a turn based JRPG style that mimics what Chrono Trigger was. The battle system is a lot deeper than any mobile game.. Adds to the technique and strategy. For an RPG it is kind of short. The music is done with a piano, that's it JUST one piano that loops through the whole game and I will say it's amazing! It's definitely worth the money in my eyes."
76561198046503636,Recommended,441830,31920196,Posted: 23 May,all,Frostbite,"I Am Setsuna is a decent JRPG, but the developers' boner for Chrono Trigger shines through a little too much at times. The combat and skill system is nice and fun and carries the game more than the lightweight story. The plot is very simple: You go to a town, solve their problem and move on, while gradually unveiling the mystery driving the quest.The problem is that the story utilises too many RPG tropes without understanding what makes them effective. At several (several,several...) points in the story I had to pause and take a deep breath because of the characters' stupidity. You'll see what I mean right from the start, when the main character joins the party. The plot should have been drawn out a little more to make it cohesive; as it stands, the character development happens at the pace of a six-year-old changing their mind about what kind of ice cream they want, and with as much logic behind it. To compare it to CT (because the game itself does so in the description), Lavos is a tremendously effective villain despite having no personality, because throughout the game you see his effects on the history of the world. Here, the main villain had zero effect on me because of poor storytelling.Aside from the plot, it has many good things about it, though everything comes with a caveat: the art style is cute but not particularly memorable, the soundtrack is great but gets a bit repetitive at times, and the combat is fun but quite easy. Still, I did enjoy it and would give it a lukewarm recommendation, although absolutely not at full price."
,Recommended,441830,29193889,Posted: 11 January,all,Carpenterbator,"I Am Setsuna starts us off with a very melancholic, gloomy and empty feeling into the depths of a perpetual winter setting where our silent mercenary of a main character ventures forth into an island with one mission: To kill a certain someone without questioning his mission. I was caught off guard by the premise of I am Setsuna way more than I imagined. I had played other indie RPGs beforehand and have given up an hour into most of them, but not this game. I was drawn into it and got curious by what it could offer. I loved the presentation and was perplexed by my initial assumption of it being a colorful and happy experience. On the surface with its advertising and screenshots, it might look like that but in its depth, it is quite bland in every shape and form. I still give the developers credit for making a worthwhile experience.For the rest of my review, check it out on our bloghttp://mouseandcontroller.blogspot.com/2017/01/i-am-setsuna.html"
,Recommended,441830,28142089,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,[BoL] Scowlet,"I am Setsuna is a charming game that hearkens back to the old single-player RPGs that I used to play in my youth, where graphics didn't matter nearly as much to me as the story. In the case of the story of this particular RPG, the similarity between some of the core narrative concepts of a (begrudgingly admitted) favorite of mine, Final Fantasy X, was what drove me to finish it.I am Setsuna performs in most ways that you would expect an RPG to perform - there is a host of memorable characters that you eventually befriend on a long journey, the world is filled with interesting little tidbits of knowledge and lore, there are dozens of treasures to be collected and the combat system is engaging and challenging when need be. The musical score stands out as being one of the more memorable aspects of the game to me, as nearly every single instrumental is composed of artfully constructed piano pieces that both establish the deceptive intensity of the main character's story and draw you deep within the story with recognizable melodies. The world is wonderfully put together, simple enough to not detract from the stylized nature of the game but detailed enough to make you appreciate what you're looking at.The few legitimate criticisms that I have are small gripes that mostly stem from the relative simplicity of the plot and a few systematic frustrations that made me put my controller down and go ""okay, well, that happened"". This is one of many stories much like the role-playing games of the 1990s so a bit of tropey goodness is expected, but something about how the dialogue is written and the characters interact with one another takes away from the sorrow that could be inherent in Setsuna's journey. It seems impersonal, almost overdramatically written, and you find yourself witnessing tragedy and crisis being solved in a matter of moments, so it's hard to invest in a story where everyone seems to have the same lukewarm answer. If you watched as much anime as I did in high school (you can laugh if you want, WHATEVER MAN) you'll quickly notice that most of the main cast follow stereotypical archetypes, which can get a little bit boring if you enjoy more to your characters than the most basic of personalities.One thing I will mention that irked me in particular was that there are a very sparse number of save points and no ability to turn on any sort of auto-save feature. If you get stuck on a boss fight, you very well may have to repeat the last fifteen or so that you needed to get through to get to that point. Come on, man. Save points EVERYWHERE is like RPG 101.I am Setsuna is a cute game and I reccommend it to anyone looking to play something familiar, sweet and a little bit sad and loaded with nostalgia that will make you want to pick up all your old favorites again."
,Recommended,441830,31458387,Posted: 30 April,all,Citation Needed,"I am SetsunaWhilst it is short for a JRPG - 16hrs to complete including a couple where I just sat and grinded levels - I am Setsuna is a beautifully crafted, winter-themed adventure that is enjoyable but sadly lacking an indepth character development and combat system compared to other JRPGs.Story- 3/5 - short, linear, good but didn't make me feel engaged throughout.Music- 3/5 - Much of the same throughout. It was suitable for the game but didn't really blow me away.Combat- 3/5 - With the exception of a handful of skills that can be used by all heroes your characters are locked in the abilities they can gain. This character development was further let down by a lacklustre weapon/accessories system. It then got to the point where I was only using 3 of the possibly 7 characters as their combo was the best at mob clearing. Rinse and repeat until I got to a boss. The combat system was the biggest let down for me as I would have liked heroes that could learn a variety of skills (consider Red Mages from early FF games) but what I was given were characters that were limited in what abilities they could have which resulted in this selection of a few heroes to use for most of the game.Characters3/5 - I thought I would add this here because the game does a decent job of introducing and developing characters individual stories (with the exception of the 'player' character who has some shady background that is never fully explained). Models were nice although I can't get past the legs having no knees or feet. Your characters walk on what can only be compared to stilts. Enemy models are pretty limited and at times are just different coloured variations of one another depending on the area you are in. There are some unique enemies thrown in here and there but not a lot. You'll fight penguins at the beginning, and you'll fight them near the end. Some are black whilst some are brown and their abilities vary as much as their colour scheme.SummaryI am Setsuna is a fun JRPG that whilst lacking in areas does enough to be enjoyable overall. Whilst I recommend I am Setsuna for fans of JRPGs you may possibly consider waiting for a decent sale if you are not entirely sold or sure about what you are getting yourself in to."
76561198101042547,Recommended,441830,24733366,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Castiel,"I really enjoyed setsuna, but i would love that you could continue progressing or getting to max level after killing the final boss.I really enjoyed the art, the soundtrack and the lights on the game as well as the rpg functions that makes the game unique with the spiritnites.What i dislike is the repetitive snowy ( you ll know later really really later at the game why ) environiments as well as the difficulty on some mobs, i found out easier the final boss rather than some monsters in the field.Even for the 40€ for the game i enjoyed it a lot so i'd recommend it for anyone. it's a real good game but not polished to be a masterpiece ( it could've been )"
76561198049921836,Recommended,441830,24424604,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Xanthus,"Ive just started playing this game and i can say, i havnt been bored once since the start of it.Do i miss the talking of the characters in the game, yes i do....But, storywise and battlewise this game is just amazing. The OST is really good and keeps me very happy and peaceful.SE is just such a company, nevet let me down once. All of their games are amazing, and so is "" I am Setsuna"" .Not saying this game is perfect, but it is really good if ure into RPG's with a good story line and nice battle system"
,Not Recommended,441830,27970357,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,swiftdeathguy,"This game could have been so much better but unfortunatly falls on its face.Maybe its just me but i thought the writers were lazy and here ill explain.Throughout the entire game any crisis you come across will be immediatly resolved within min somtimes seconds whereas you could build up the crisis and get more emotionally attached to charecters. Instead it causes you to not care in the least bit about your people. A classic RPG emphasises a crises builds on it taking a dungeon to save someone or get an item to save someone. Something to make you feel you accomplished something great, not a oh this person is sick, oh hey their better 10 seconds later.They gve you these ""Choices"" for whatever reason I don't know because they don't matter whatever you say the party goes with whatever the ""Correct Answer"" is, you don't need to care at all what you say because it won't matter. Heck back in the 90's games with minor choices affected in some meaningless way you think they could have at least done that much.However there are three great points to this game, piano music, the customization of gear, and the art. with those combined I recommend this game at a 10$ price, the price of a soundtrack otherwise play an RPG withs substance."
76561198043199207,Recommended,441830,24590325,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,FaceMuscles,"Do yourself a favor and buy this game.  This game easily became one of my favorite games of all time. Great characters, great story, great soundtrack, and plays like chrono trigger.  The only thing I wish from this game is that it was longer!"
,Recommended,441830,24755173,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Borquiem for a dream,"Relaxing, light-hearted and has the Chrono Trigger (but tweaked) battle system that we all know and love. Can't really go wrong, unless you're expecting out of this world landscapes and character development.I have a few complaints:Combat is too easy. If you are at all experienced with classic JRPGs, you will breeze through this as I did.The ending made me lose motivation to beat the final boss. The story seriously goes downhill in the last hour or two of the game.The scenery is way too repetitive. Towns are copied and pasted models, dungeons and caves are pretty much all the same and the only outdoors environment is snow and ice. I'm ok with the repeated environment due to an aspect of the story that it falls into, but they could have at least worked a little harder on building and dungeon design.Also there seems to be no real point in singularities and fluxations. I unlocked so many, but they rarely occur and don't give you any real battle advantage at all."
76561198076485914,Recommended,441830,24424366,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,matt1934,"Beautifully done graphics, immersive music, an engaging storyline and a simple yet complex combat system, this game is worth the money spent on it."
,Not Recommended,441830,28850297,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,crashxero,"I was hoping for this to be a lot better - especially at the price point it's selling at.  They threw around some very famous titles in an effort to sucker people ( like myself) into buying this game.The game itself is short and greatly lacks in any sort of content.  You battle the same ten enemies over and over again with different color skins but nothing new.  After you've played the game for an hour you've experienced nearly the entire game.  The items, food, and spiritnite aquisition system is awful.  Forget about even trying to find recipes for food unless you have a guide that tells you which NPCs to talk to and what they're looking for, because you'll have no idea until you actually gather the items.  The consumable items are bland and very standard.The battle system in this game has a faint resemblance to the ""good ol' days"" but that's about where the positives end.  The momentum and flux systems in the game are very very poorly explained and are not very fun to use.  I liked the idea of the combo system like they had in Chrono Trigger, but the system was very poorly executed and you end up spending a great deal of time even coming up with a decent spiritnite combo build that you end up just throwing your hands in the air and saying ""screw it"".Another shortcoming of this game that I really wanted to enjoy was the artwork and soundtrack.  I should have paid heed to the reviews before.  This game lacks in both artwork and soundtrack.  While the soundtrack isn't awful and I do love piano, I don't want to listen to it through an entire game.  I also get really bored looking at snow and ice caves for an entire game.  The lack of effort and imagination put into these two areas are really what killed this game for me.  The lack of imagination really came through in the rest of the game too which is incredibly unfortunate.The characters in the game are incredibly flat as well.  There's very weak character buildup and a poor mish-mash of intermingled stoies that bring the group together on the journey.  None of them have very outstanding personalities and none of them are very memorable.The reviews and description of this game that say it takes you back to the ""JRPG masterpieces of yesteryear"" obviously have never played said masterpieces.  Even comparing this game to those that this is supposed to pay homage to is quite sad and it makes me weep for the future of JRPGs.The game did have a lot of potential.  The snowy landscapes are beautiful but some diversity would have made this game amazing.  The sound track is also nice, but also needs a lot more diversity.  The characters could have easily been fun and memorable with a little more work as well.  Overall, the story I think is what had the most potential, but due to the shortcomings in almost all other aspects of the game, the story gets kind of ruined.Overall, I can't recommend this game at this price.  If the game dropped down to about $9.99 then I'd say it'd be worth a run through... but for $39.99... I feel cheated."
,Recommended,441830,24436975,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Ngồi Hát Đỡ Buồn ✅,"The first RPG game I ever played is Chrono Trigger back then in 2000. It was because of that game that I came to love JRPG that much. Of course the FF series too. So when I heard this is just like Chrono Trigger, I didn't hesistate to buy it. The game is enjoyable to some extend, but it's nothing compared to Chrono Trigger. It's inspired by the game, but never can reach that level.Pros:- Beautiful scenery.- Emotional music.- Enjoyable combat system.- Story was not that good but it makes me curious at first, and has some twists but well, I heard many people enjoyed it.Cons:- Story feel rushed, no multiple endings, which is pretty much why I'd want the game, I thought it has multiple endings like Chrono Trigger, but it doesn't. I've not yet to find a game which has a good story, and the game end based on which choice I've choosen throughout the game.- Cliche characters, like Nidr is a copy of a certain character from FFX, Setsuna is Yuna,- Saving spots is hard to find. Noone wants to replay all those things because they got to go and they still can't reach a save point at the time.- Too many questions unanswered after the ending.- No new game+.- The design of penguin monsters are copies of Mawaru Penguindrum's penguins. I wonder if they asked the original designer about it.I don't know why but despite this game does have a sad ending, it affects me not. I'm usually easy to cry over sad endings, but this one leave me blank. I didn't feel anything.Well, I do enjoy it at first, but it's a disappointment to me. Especially the story, which is the reason why I choose to buy this game despite it's too pricey for me. I will still recommend it because I want more games like this to be published, but please don't be as shallow as this game."
,Recommended,441830,24413213,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Anime_Fusion,"I saw a few comments about controller support not working, I never had one issue with that. The game itself has been great so far! I was picky about a few small details at first, but there are way more positive things I'm seeing as I play. The MC isn't the greatest so far and the options for things you have him say are basicly the same and don't have much effect on anything, but that's not really an issue. The visuals are amazing, the piano soundtrack is fantastic overall. There seems to be a good amount of customization for the characters, but I noticed you have to figure out a few things on your own because I feel like some things just aren't really explained, but you catch on easily. As far as the feel of the game, I can deff sense a Chrono Trigger/ Chrono Cross vibe like they wanted to give off. They even have the shiny objects you can pick up and they seem to respawn over time, mainly cooking ingredients. I'll probably come back and adjust my review after more play time. It's what I expected and is worth it so far!"
76561198074632580,Recommended,441830,24742869,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Super Nintendo Chalmers,"Reminds me of the games I played as a kid. Beyond the Chrono Trigger influence, there's a lot of Final Fantasy IX and X too. I'd definitely recommend to anyone who goes back and plays old JRPGs."
,Not Recommended,441830,31752081,Posted: 14 May,all,Emanuele,"I bought this game with the hope of playing something similar to Chrono Trigger, and perharps with the same depth and attention to details. To my humble opinion, I am Setsuna doesn't meet any of these requirements. The game seems to be following an old and trusty scheme, but it is greatly below par, even comparing it to some recent Square products. Anyway. graphics are ok. Combat system is random and not really challenging."
,Recommended,441830,24453988,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Kashish,Fun little game with a great soundtrack and combat system. Story is pretty good so far also. Very excited for Tokyo RPG Factory's future.
,Recommended,441830,24569100,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,JoDaBaRo,"This game has a lot of heart, but something is holding it back.I don't know if square enix purposely gave them a low budget or if they wanted to just test the waters but it definitely feels like they had so much to give but they just didn't.WIth that being said i still recomend this game, the combat is fun (broken yes but still fun to mess around and experiment), the plot is to the point and keeps you interested enough to want to push it forward, the characters are well written (nothing too special but it works nicely) and the visuals do a good job of presenting the type of world they wanted to deliver. Oh and of course that soundtrack is  gorgeous.Overall is a solid JRPG that does homage to the old school SNES/PS1 era. It's a small game and it never lies to you or ever tries to tell it is anything else than it actually is, quite the enjoyable experience in my opinion. It's a great game to introduce someone into the genre, veterans although, might feel like there should be more game. In the end i'll just say that if you want to give this game a try, see it as what it is and don't compare it to anything else (specially to chrono trigger since the only thing they share is the combat system) and you'll enjoy the 15-20 hours this game has to offer."
,Recommended,441830,29470561,Posted: 24 January,all,Katt,"It is nice to see that 2016 haven't just took David Bowie and Lemmy Kilmister but also were published nice old school rpgs just like I am Setsuna or Tyranny.Setsuna reminisces eary 90´ jrpgs, mainly Chrono Trigger because of battle system. Combos between characters are great because it presses you to try all the chars which you normally wouldn't use... Admit it, it is true. Selphie and Kimahri go to hell!Also whole sad atmosphere with cute jokes brings back memories of Chrono Trigger. Plus I found few puns...frogs, scythes etc. The main theme is on the other hand like Final Fantasy X and Setsuna is even more naive than Yuna.Design and graphic is very eye-catching, nostalgic music is also lovely but something is missing. Something vague and indescribable is just not present.Maybe it is I grew up. Maybe it is because of snow and ice everywhere, all locations look alike. Even bigger town looks immitigable and lonely. Yeah, I am not a winter person.I am Setsuna feels like poorer brother of Square jrpgs. But it surely pays tribute in a good way and there is nothing to be ashamed of."
76561197984075368,Recommended,441830,24415530,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Wandering Jew,"Oh man, what a blast to the past!  I played Chrono Trigger back in the day, I might have been 12 or 15 years old.  This game, along with the Great Music! Is very reminiscent of those early RPG's.  The Story is simple but still detailed enough so far to read every line.  Only put in 1.5 hours in it, but will continue to play all night.Only Con, or rather, not so much a Con, but It would appear that game is best played with a Controller, the Keyboard is not very intuitive like most games.  I drank all 10 potions and then accidently exited the game because I did not know the keyboard commands.Enjoy.  I will give this game a 5/7 right now."
,Recommended,441830,32783789,Posted: 25 June,all,Tino,The game is not as bad as some folks claims it to be.I've put in 22 hours into it and I must say it's a charming RPG and I absolutely loved the beautiful soundtrack. Gameplay is pretty simplistic though. Some say level grinding is unnecessary in this game but I disagree especially if I'm ever gonna stand a chance against hard to beat bosses later on. It's crucial for me to level grind when playing RPGs.Never played Chrono Trigger from which this game is unfairly being compared to.
76561198027933120,Recommended,441830,24415541,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,xbox one Player,"I am Setsuna is an amazing take on the old school rpg genre that molded the games we play today, but what makes it stand out in that fashion is that it also, for the most part, play as those games did as well. The updated graphics and amazing soundtrack was just what was needed to revive the dying format. This game also provides an entry to the intense rpg genre that frightens most players away from the long playtime required to finish it. Still at being roughly 40 hours long, this game provides a plethora of story. While this game doesn't serve much in the form of cut scenes, the narrative will keep you going for the hours that are up ahead, so keep in mind that a love for reading makes a love for this style of game."
,Recommended,441830,24418642,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Sugarloaf Stickybuns,A story similar to FFX and a battle system akin to Chrono Trigger.I am Setsuna is a nostalgic treat.
,Not Recommended,441830,28164001,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,lanrutcon,"The first half of the game is magical. The last half of the game is garbage.Grab it on sale, and don't play it for the story, combat or optional endgame content. You'll just end up disappointed otherwise."
,Recommended,441830,24457436,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Kuman,"A great debut game for Tokyo RPG Factory, i'm rather glad we finally got a JRPG that's not so cookie cutter and captures some of the charm that Squeenix-produced JRPG had before they vomits out XIII.Rather sad that it got bad rep for being a lil too overpriced in some countries though, i was lucky it's being sold for about 20-ish USD in my country's steam store.Just get it on sale if you think the game's just too expensive for the apparently short game time it gives you.But grab it right away if you want to experience a fun JRPG with great story, characters, and soundtrack."
76561198058043953,Recommended,441830,24422934,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,kandnm115709,"While I don't think it's a bad game, I personally don't think it's anything spectacular either. It's your standard JRPG with the story, gameplay and music you've probably already experience many times before. The game contains each and every basic requirements for a JRPG made in the late 90's, with very little improvements and innovations in the 21st century. It does borrows a lot from other games, making it's greatest weakness is it's lack of originality.Story isn't as I imagined it before purchasing it. Basically it follows FF X's core plotline, the world's been overrun by monsters so sacrifices are made to quell it. Said sacrifice must travel to a specific place to sacrifice herself while accompanied by her guardians to protect her along the way. Enter Endir, a mercenary who took a job to kill the sacrifice (from a complete stranger and no promise of reward, no less!). Long story short, he got his a*s whooped. But his target, the sacrifice, somehow insisted to not only spare his life but also invited him to join her as her guardian in her travels. He agreed and off they went. Along the way, they met a former guardian. He's a middle aged man who dresses similarly to a traditional Japanese clothes and wields a bigass sword. Sounds familiar? Yeah, I know.Players must also know that this game is extremely linear. There's no side quests to be found, none. There's also no exploring, even though there are a few non-essential places found on the world map. The dungeons are the biggest disappointment as they so straight forward, a map (a missing feature) is not even needed as there's no way for anyone to get lost. Even worse is there's no quick escape item or spell to exit the dungeons. Meaning if you want to leave the dungeon, you have to do it the traditional way. It's annoying.Another aspect of the game that frustrated me was the combat mechanic. Yes, it was inspired by Chrono Trigger, with a bit of a twist. See, a lot of your attacks are AoE attacks but it doesn't actually show the area of effect. You just take a wild guess and hope the enemy next to your target will get hit as well. The flux bonuses are random and it pretty much also boils down to dumb luck to upgrade your skills.Like I said, I don't think it's a bad game. It just re-used most of the safe design choices a lot of JRPGs had back then and added almost nothing new, thus making the game feels a bit too plain or ""vanilla"". If this game came out in the PS1 era, no doubt it'll be one of the best JRPG. Too bad it came out in 2016, where gamers expect innovation and improvements of older ideas, not complete clones of their childhood games.My advice is to wait for a sale as the current price is a bit too high for a slightly above average game."
,Not Recommended,441830,31026649,Posted: 8 April,all,SouthernIrishND,"Great concept but fails to deliver the complete package. The game has an extremely short story with limited character development and does not challenge the player in any way. Play it, but you'll most likely find it unfulfilling, especially since it claims to be ""a great homage to the JRPG masterpieces of yesteryear."""
,Not Recommended,441830,24514358,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Cognoscenti,"First of all, some quick answers to several questions which also happen to be my biggest criticism of this game, also the (tl;dr):- There are no multiple endings.- There is no New Game +- Your 'choices' don't matter.- It's definitely a purposeful decision on the developer's part, but it's all snow and piano. Literally all snow and piano. Too much snow and piano.- The story... If you played Final Fantasy X, makes this game feels a little like the Melania Trump of JRPGs. It's pretty obvious where the inspiration for the plot came from.- Some design quirks like a lack of a world map, invisible walls on the world map, blatantly and shamelessly reused environments, few unique enemy designs- I'm actually surprised that there are actually bugs in the bloody game (forced me to have to reset and go back to earlier saves. Bloody hell)Let me first bring up the good points. The music is actually nice, at least in the beginning. The overall experience was a true nostalgia trip, there were so many throwbacks to Chrono Trigger and some Final Fantasies. There were also a unique system that incorporated items, equipments and skills in a rather interesting way that opens up room for a lot of strategic possibilities. I've also always loved this sort of art style in a JRPG, y'know, cute lil' 3D figures runnin' around. But that's about it.All in all... Bloody hell, I was all set to praise this game. I was all ready to recommend this game, and then write a positve review praising the various aspects. I wasn't at all expecting to be here right now, rather bitter and, frankly, rather♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off by the ending. That ending was meant to be bittersweet, it just made me feel like the developers were lazy as heck. So do I recommend it?♥♥♥♥NO.HOWEVER, if this were offered at 50% off, I might be able to (grudgingly) recommend it. This is a game that would likely not satisfy people too familiar with JRPGs. Even to those new to it, I don't see a good reason to even recommend it either, when Chrono Trigger is available to play via various means, and at cheaper price too. Heck, even Final Fantasy X (bundled with X-2 and Last Mission) had a HD remake that's cheaper than this. Go for that instead. Or watch someone else play it, I don't know. Or buy it (and regret it); whatever floats your boat. I've said my piece.-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-FAIR DISCLOSUREI play a ton of JRPGs, that was my jam growing up. Of the JRPGs that I've played over the years, a few stand out for their story-telling and music. The first and topmost on this list happens to be the 'inspiration' for this game, Chrono Trigger. And then what follows are the Final Fantasies, I place 9, then 10 after Chrono Trigger... So as I bought this game, those were the games I kept in my mind.And it is for that reason this nostalgia trip leaves mesorelydisappointed. I actually regret spending my money right now since I bought it at full price (didn't preorder just because I didn't want to support that stupid culture, and also, just a stupid soundtrack anyone can find on YouTube? Are you SERIOUS?).I also latched on to the description 'inspired by Chrono Trigger' when making the decision to buy the game. From the subsequent trailers and screengrabs, I was intruiged and interested. The brief showcase of the music was also convincing... But man oh man. How appearances deceive. Man. Oh. Man.I also refer way too much to Chrono Trigger and the various Final Fantasies... But they all being Square's (and for some, Square Enix's) products... I think it's a fair comparison.I understand that this is likely a small-budget game, by developers that do not have the same resources to create a game equivalent in scale to say, a Final Fantasy or the likes of western RPGs like Mass Effect. This might be a likely reason that would give context to a lot of the downsides of the game.... Which needless to say, pisses me off a fair bit given the price tag."
,Recommended,441830,28144109,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,azure,interesting storyline; amazing gameplay ^^
,Recommended,441830,24453681,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,ndgo -asf,Really sad tone to the game but love it.
,Recommended,441830,31309164,Posted: 22 April,all,AsatorPrime,I am Setsuna is a short JRPG with a nice atmosphere and a somewhat touching story. It also has a great soundtrack that is entirely piano.
,Recommended,441830,24545780,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,The_A_train,"I am Setsuna is to Chrono Trigger as Secret of Evermore is to Secret of Mana.I am 3 Hours in and loving it.Pros:-Great soundtrack and gameplay.-Plenty of Incentive for exploration-nice ensemble of characters-Lots of Callbacks to Chrono Triger, some subtle some not so muchCons:Uniform looking world. The whole game looks like its set on the Dark Ages Map of Crono Trigger"
76561197961523537,Recommended,441830,24468969,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Helbare,"Awesome Throwback to the good old days.This game helped me relieve the glory days of old classic Snes and PSX RPG's.Missed the ATB battles, greatest part about combat is planning your strategy...not just button mashing.Great story, very meloncholy like...a little sad and inspiring at times as well."
,Recommended,441830,24544769,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,OMAE WA MOU SHINDEIRU,"Simple, but touching story about duty, friendship and sacrifice. Entertaining gameplay and very flexile role-system with an  excellent soundtrack drags you deep into snowy hills and mountains of I am Setsuna.Strongly recommended not only for all JRPG-fans, but for every person reading this right now. You definetly won't regret it."
,Recommended,441830,30052336,Posted: 19 February,all,Sedres,"The only thing that comes to mind against this game is it's a lot shorter than most JRPG's. That said, it just goes to show that JRPG's don't exactly need to try and break the mold to still be solid games."
76561198042102952,Recommended,441830,33493176,Posted: 12 July,all,Fuzzythinker,"Pricing For buying:15 - 20 dollars if you are okay with an old school RPG.5 - 10 dollars if you hate not receiving all the information right off the back.Overview:I am Setsuna attempts to relive the magic of Chrono Trigger and old school Final Fantasy games. Where hidden* mechanics abound, and the game difficulty seems independent of character level. You have flexibility** with set up for your character, and you receive little information about a particular fight, until a. you defeat the monster first, or b. you die to it repeatedly.*hidden, because you will have to dig into the snow chronicles to find most things, except for any potential tech duos and trios. Those require you to get all spritnite, which requires you to kill the monsters in all possible ways, repeatedly.**flexibility is used loosely. There is an obvious superior route to go with your characters.So a decent, lukewarm JRPG.The biggest issues lie in drops, user interface, and hidden information.1.	Drops: each monster can drop more than one material and often will. The first three kills you will get are, overkill, normal loot, and momentum kill.However, the rest of the kills appear to be difficult to get. There is a simple way of getting all the element kills, a duo tech Astral Bloom*, and a simple way of getting debuff kills, a duo tech Blowbeat**.The exact kills can be gotten in three ways.a.	Use weaker weapons. Your weapons heavily influence your physical damage.b.	Use Osmosis. It is the weakest attack, no matter the weapon, and will normally allow you to get an exact kill.c.	Use Talismans that allow you to see an enemy’s hp. There are about eight of them.*Astral Bloom requires Aeterna (Oblivion) and Julienne (Jump) does a small AOE damage, of all magic types. Hits 7 or so times, and will typically overkill most foes.**Blowbeat requires Endir (Shock) and Nidr (Provoke) does AOE damage, with a high change of inflicting most debuffs.2.	User interface will kill the game for most people. Not being able to plan ahead with the spritnite combos, even though you see the combos when you equip each spirtnite is frustrating. However, there are online lists(https://www.gameskinny.com/lnu7a/i-am-setsuna-complete-double-and-triple-tech-combo-list).When you equip a spirtnite, you cannot immediately tell which duos or triples will be used with that particular character. You have to go to the tech list and scroll to the bottom. There the duos and triples are shown.The convoluted food system requires patience and OCD. First, collect each shiny thing on the ground. It will make a loud siren noise. (I thought it was an impending boss battle when I stepped on it the first time.) After collecting a sufficient number of items, then you have to go back to each town and talk to the folks. Random town folks will give you the recipes as well as a free food item. Once you give it to the chef, you can purchase the item without the ingredients.The issues:i. There isn’t a way to tell which NPC will give a recipe until you gather the food.ii. There isn’t a way to lock down where a particular ingredient is without first collecting it and checking the snow chronical.iii. If you collect all the ingredients in an area, you will receive a large amount of experience points. You do not find out about this until it happens. Early on, it can boost you by a few levels. (I think the first area gives 6000 exp).3. Hidden information. Throughout the game, if you do not explore, then you will have a bad time. After getting the airship and defeating the second to the last boss, you unlock the rest of the hidden quests. So what are the hidden quests?A hunt for some spirtnite eaten bossesThe developer’s island where you can make the game more difficult at any time and see a pixelated version of I am Setsuna.The legendary spirtnites and finishing the backstory for your characters. (Yes, including the random one you get at the end of the game, before the final boss.)The ruins that have all the bosses from the game lined up for you to endlessly hunt down and kill.All the locked chests, and hidden areas that require the world key to open.How the Talisman interact with spirtnite and how they influence the strength of the characters(Talisman can give effects to spirtnites when that particular tech is used often enough. {Think Final Fantasy 2 proficency feature.} In addition, each Talisman determines how many additional slots for spirtnite a character gets. Changing a Talisman will drop all spirtnites that were in those slots.)Etc. etc. etc.If you do not pay any attention to these things, then the game becomes remarkably more difficult and dull. A typical tragic story unfolds, so can be interesting, but not as interesting as getting all that missing loot to get 100% in the snow chronicles.As far as what I liked, the combat, the philosophical arguments from the game, and how short the game is.1.	The combat, similar to Chrono Trigger’s active battle system, is quick and to the point. You control whether you get a sneak attack or are surprised. (Except for certain scripted battles.) The only times the combat pauses, is when you are selecting targets. (Can be abused to stop monsters that are prone to escaping from leaving, if you surprise them and mash quickly). You have the option to have the system remember where the cursor was in tech and/or items allowing you to quickly use previous actions.Due to customization options for characters, you can order the techs and determine which ones are displayed. So you can eliminate techs that you don’t use and consolidate the ones you do.2.	The philosophical argument deals with futility and making life worth living. Even though you are given a choice with dialog options, the end results will always be the same. This plays into the story, due to the Time Lords messing with the time stream. The world continues to operate in an endless loop, until the current sacrifice party ultimately chooses to fight the big bad weapon. So, the save points are ripples in time where your character restart from due to the Time Lords power, oddly enough. So, the player faces futility and the delusion of choice. Ultimately, everything the party does, is futile. The cycle of humanity causing its own destruction and the need for a savior will repeat over and over again. Deep stuff.3.	The game can be done in under 15 hours. Grinding is optional, especially if you use the two duos (Astral Bloom and Blowbeat) to get all the necessary loot and then abuse the powers of Blowbeat to stun lock bosses. Quick easy, and simple."
,Recommended,441830,29910821,Posted: 13 February,all,Megsterrz,"I honestly really enjoyed this game. The soundtrack was incredible, the game aesthetics really felt like a living piece of artwork as I played through, and I just genuinely loved every part of it. I wish I could go back and play it again for the first time. Don't go in expecting this game to be extremely similar to Chrono Trigger though, because it's not.The story is definitely generic and predictable (the trailer is just one big spoiler too), and there were a lot of recycled dungeon layours,  but I found myself enjoying it regardless. In hindsight, I wish there was more going on in the narrative to throw a few curve balls and make it last longer than 15-20hrs. I'm still left with a fair amount of questions after having beat the game, and that drives me nuts if there are no plans for a sequel!Definitely buy this game on sale and give it a try."
,Recommended,441830,33260562,Posted: 4 July,all,Ark,"Don't let the mixed reviews fool you.For RPG fans, this is a great game to pick up.It really does capture the essence of RPG's ages past,  it sets a lovely atmosphere and has a beautiful soundtrack.Many people like to draw paralells to Chrono Trigger.Don't expect this to be a soul successor to Chrono Trigger, the similarities stop with the Tech System.Enjoy the game for what it is.Not for what it isn't."
,Recommended,441830,33931939,Posted: 31 July,all,ZeroArms,"Absolutely amazing, from the graphics to sound to gameplay. If you want a new old-school rpg then look no further"
,Recommended,441830,24565084,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,R4dioS1lence,"TL;DR at the endThis is a great game, but it is not the Chrono Trigger spiritual successor that you are looking for. But keep looking at Tokyo RPG Factory, because they may be the ones to release it in the future, if they learn from I am Setsuna and have bigger budget and/or more time.The story is great and well written, even if it doesn't show much of the epicness that JRPGs beckon. It is still a powerful and touching story, with lighthearted moments that balance the sadness it sometimes brings. It suffers a little with some dialogues that ended up feeling rushed or relied too much on known tropes from the genre, but is still a great story in the end.Character growth was hindered by single-main-character-centric narrative so common on the genre, and it could be easily avoided. There are moments on the story that the main character of the party is forced to accompany someone on the party in going through an important moment of personal growth. This felt like a cheap way to impose the moment on the player, as if the player eyes are the main characters eyes only.There is an in-game reason that justifies this decision, but it still feels ham-handed.On a comparison, Chrono Trigger solved this by unlocking the first character from being Chrono, and allowing the player to use the others characters, and to effectively ""main"" them on their personal growth moments. This enhanced the character growth, and the player felt no less responsible for that achievement.Overall graphics are stunning and beautiful. The world design, even it being a vastness of white and snow, still feels beautiful and unique. Still, when talking about dungeons and other places, it turns repetitive sometimes due to lack of details that catch the eye. If you look the designs at the pictures, and put them against what was delivered on game, this becomes clear. It could be done better, either if there was more time, or if there was more budget. The world and concept design showed that they can do better.Soundtrack is great. Period. Only game-play-wise, I wish that the gear-changing musics that play in some key moments and make you start getting pumped weren't substituted by the generic battle song. This broke the engagement of those moments. Still, not fault of the soundtrack.Skill mechanics are great, since you create skills from items looted from enemies and make equipable items that enable the skills. And some items are dropped by some enemies only in certain conditions (defeating with certain elements, while de-buffed, among others), which added spice to the system. Still, there are numerous enemies, and the methods multiply even more the possibility of drops, which end up in existing a huge amount of drops form enemies. Even if those dropped items are used for creating skills only, there is no easy in-game way to backtrack the enemies needed to be defeated for the loot you want for that specific stone you want to make, even if you already got that loot once before. Instead, you have to browse a in-game library, checking every single enemy for every kind of loot they drop. This kind of analysis doesn't do much to the engagement, turning into an actual chore of listing down what and how to defeat in order to get what you want. An in-game note on the skill that could track what enemies you found dropped the item you want could have solved this problem easily.TL;DRTokyo RPG Factory showed that the JRPG genre can still be done well. They have potential, and can still do better.Story is great and well written, but badly executed at some parts.Character growth was hindered by single-main-character-centric narrative.Overall graphics are stunning and beautiful, but turn repetitive sometimes due to lack of details.Soundtrack is great. Period.Skill mechanics are great, but suffer from a combination of excess of data to be analyzed and lack of in-game tools to ease this analysis job."
,Recommended,441830,24646574,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Fracturedchaos,Beautiful soundtrack. I love this game.
,Recommended,441830,24499562,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Rain,"Don't buy this game because ""muh chrono trigger""this game is legit really good. averaged .75 cries per hour"
,Recommended,441830,32048769,Posted: 29 May,all,Bong,"Do you like Chrono Trigger's gameplay but don't like the whole epic vibe of literally every JRPG in the 90s with their kingdoms, magic, monsters, gods and prophecised heroes of destiny/fate/some other ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t? Then this game is right up your alley with its simple yet heartwrenching premise, mellow yet melancholy soundtrack and its sparsely varied yet distinctive environments."
76561197968575212,Not Recommended,441830,28524288,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Andy,"I am Setsuna makes a wonderful first impression and eventually becomes a bland, repetitive slog."
,Recommended,441830,24413380,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,benhanks040888,"It's Chrono Trigger battle system with FF X-esque story and sort of Fire Emblem Awakening character models (no feet!).If you like JRPGs, there's no question. BUY THIS GAME."
,Recommended,441830,31146381,Posted: 14 April,all,KeyLocke,I definitly recommend this game. While I feel the sidequests are meh. The main story and turnbased combat is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. I loved the story even if it felt similar to another square-enix story. The characters and their backgrounds are cool. The game is definitly worth even if you just play through main campaign.
,Recommended,441830,24456769,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,DRVGS,happiness :D
76561198061638926,Recommended,441830,26941270,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Shadowlina,"I brought this game as  a pre-order, before the hate against this game started.Everything about this game inticed me, ive wanted to play a RPG in a snow like setting, and all of the visuals just captervated me.The Music, The visual and later the story.This game tells you its going to be sad, just from the trailer, and it delivered. Everything worked so well to compliment it. My only downsides to this game is that there isnt a physical copy avaliable outside Japan on PS Vita, and it wasnt marketed well.  It was marketed as a sucessor to Chrono Trigger, which i wont argue that it is or isn't, but it certainly has gameplay flow borrowed from Chrono trigger.If you want a game with sad story, Stunning, yet simple visuals, Good story, and Holllyy cow a sound track of like 130+ songs of pure Piano. *Thumbs Up* This is the game for you."
,Recommended,441830,27990729,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,GRIMALDUS,PLAYED IT LOVED IT ITS FRIGGING ENCHANTING
76561198066823542,Recommended,441830,29965888,Posted: 16 February,all,zglazebrook,Although this game is pretty short it's extreemly nostalgic and fun to play.The characters are ok and the story line isn't too bad either.  I wish it was longer is all.Or more side quests. Could beat it entirely in about 20 hrs i think.
,Recommended,441830,24958247,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,URUSAI,"I am Setsuna is a great game thus far. It's one of those games that has a really low learning curve, so you can easily pick it up and play, with a great sound track.  A lot of people are mad because they ""don't see chrono trigger in it"", which is fair because spiritual successors are a dime a dozen, but that doesn't mean it should discount I am Setsuna.I am Setsuna is a great game. You can play at your own pace, the environment and enemy variety is good, and if you love piano music and something to chill out to, the snow environments and soundtrack will definitely be up your alley.If you want a fun adventure with lots of collecting, go for it and get this game. If you only want a game that captures Chrono Trigger, you'll be disappointed because there aren't many games, if at all, that really capture chrono trigger.Give this game a shot. play it for 2 hours to see if you like it or not, I definitely do like it, and if you don't like it, go ahead and return it."
,Recommended,441830,31365227,Posted: 25 April,all,Alpha!~ In Despair,"I am SETSUNA is a beautiful RPG, it is the most beautiful RPG I have ever seen because of how stunning the graphics are on it, and the Amazing Piano Soundtrack that I bought twice. I love the game so much that I listen to the OST anytime I can. I love the game because of it's amazing Combat, Music, Story, Characters, and it's Beautiful Looks. I bought the game on PC and PS4, The game is also the main reason I am buying a Nintendo Switch! I am Setsuna is that good I highly suggest you try it out! 10/10"
76561198004865132,Not Recommended,441830,28415158,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,hubjub,"I really wanted to like this game because I absolutely love classic JRPGs (I've played Chrono Trigger and FFVI at least 5 times each). That said, I am about 1/4 of the way in (~5 hours) and I am bored out of my mind with this game. I don't think I can finish. The story and settings are just so dull, nothing exciting seems to happen at all.I could play Chrono Trigger 10 times in a row and be more entertained than with this game."
,Recommended,441830,24420675,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Pvt. Prinny,"The game is so far, very good.The graphics are pretty amazing, the piano music suits the atmosphere very well.My wireless xbox 360 controller works well no issue (note: for people with xbox one controller issue refer to other reviews they know how to fix it)Note: The quit button for the controller is start+select on the xbox 360 controller for people who couldn't find it (discovered that by chance when mashing buttons)EDIT : For people who said you can't escape the battle, you need to use 'fogstone'...(not available very early part of the game) you can either buy or aquire it from one of the loot chest.And for people who find it hard to grind money, you should sell all the monster's loot (they have no other uses so don't save it) the green loot is food ingredient which some people will give you recipes if you give the required ingredient so don't sell them"
,Not Recommended,441830,24526045,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Splunker,"I purchased this game with high expectations and quickly grew more and more disappointed with the game. Living up to the expectations of Chrono Trigger is a tall order. It is clear to see that aspects of the game do indeed pay homage to Chrono Trigger in the form of the Active Time Battle system and thematic elements in the game of the main characters, but it all falls short.From the start I had experienced technical issues with using an Xbox One controller. The buttons A, B, X, and Y, did not respond past the initial key mapping configuration. I had to fall back on keyboard controls which is not ideal for the game.I did initially enjoy the piano OST, but after an hour in, I grew tired of the same tunes and fanfares (maestosos) playing on what seemed like a very short loop.I would have like to see more variety then the tundra/snow motif. The battle system is kind of like Chrono Trigger, if not slower and less varied. There is the ATB bar that dictates the pace of the battle and the player has the ability to learn and build combos with other party members. To me it felt unfulfilling and lacking depth.In the end, this game makes we want to replay Chrono Trigger more than anything else."
76561198027716374,Recommended,441830,24418126,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Kainminter,Do you like snow and piano?Have I got a game for you.
76561198038992369,Not Recommended,441830,29976692,Posted: 16 February,all,Gauss,"It is not another Chrono Trigger, not even close and even conceptually far from itWhile in Chrono Trigger and even Chrono Cross you fight fate, with the first changing time itself and the latter changing different universes with the game telling you that your choices always matter and that you can control your own fate, I am setsuna just brings the exact opposite:It doesn't matter what you choose, your dialogues never matter.It doesn't matter where you want to go, you'll only be able to go straight forward and never go back to places already visited (except for treasure chests that just open near the ending just to prolong the game).Also, the fighting mechanics of Flux and whatever just doesn't matter for the majority of the game, except for two or maybe three fights in which you actually have to think (kind of).Basicallythis game is conceptually the exact of Chrono trigger and Chrono Cross. It doesn't matter what you do, your fate, and everyone else, is sealed no matter what. So what kind of message does this game want to transmit? Give up on your life and die? Seriously, apart from the lame battle mechanics borrowed from Chrono Trigger (on which most fights are just too easy for you to bother making strategies), there is literally no conceptual correspondence to those games. You'll find some scenarios that remember those games, but that's it.The Chrono Trigger ""connection"" was just a marketing ruse.The only good things about this game is the beautiful art style and maybe the story is quite engaging until you keep realizing that all the time the game keeps telling you how useless are your decisions. Replayability is zero due to near zero difficulty."
76561198160868511,Recommended,441830,34782155,Posted: 6 September,all,Strayed Lynx,"I Am Setsuna,together with Nier:Automata,is by far one of the best games Square Enix released in the last eight years."
76561198020761064,Not Recommended,441830,28768880,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,selas_celaeno,"As many people have already mentioned, this game has some beautiful visuals, amazing music and an altogether very charming atmosphere.I would love to like this game, I really do. But it has one fatal flaw that ruins the entire experience.No free save option. Checkpoints only. And they are rare.I played through an entire chapter without finding a checkpoint, only to die on the boss.Bottom line: When I had to replay the entire chapter, was when I said: I'm out!"
76561198031208547,Not Recommended,441830,24493480,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,buttwife,"I love JRPGs, but just because I am Setsuna has turn based combat doesn't mean it can be forgiven for a complete lack of interesting world or characters that stand out in any way. I was really looking forward to this game, but wait till it goes on sale or skip entirely."
76561198022764228,Not Recommended,441830,24428968,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Treant Brotector,"Not terrible, but not worth $40 either. The graphics and music are well-done, but if you're a jRPG fan, there's nothing here you haven't already seen several times, and many of the game's systems feel half-baked. I'm currently 6 hours in and have yet to receive a single recipe, which leaves me dependent on level-ups and consumables to refill HP/MP since there are no inns, and many abilities require considerable tinkering with the poorly-explained fluxation system (and likely a bit of luck as well) to be more useful than a standard attack."
76561197995369485,Not Recommended,441830,24532749,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Substance,"If you're looking for your Chrono Trigger fix in 2016, this isn't it. Setuna is sound mechanically, with spot on controls, beautiful & fluid graphics and a lot of options to customise and tailor your characters. However it has a few cons that hold it back a good amount:- Nonsense story- Boring and lifeless characters- Same snow environment thru out the game, there's pretty much no variety in its locations- The music is piano only, Setsuna doesn't even come close to soundtrack masterpieces like FF6 or CT- There is no fast travel (you get a ship much later in the game) and there is no map! These exclusions are tough to overlook in 2016- Too much repetition- Characters not in your fight squad get less experience points, which makes it harder to switch to them at some point in the future should you decide the current party needs a changeSetsuna is not very long and it ends right before it overstays its welcome, most boss fights are easy. The final boss, depending on your strategy may require some grinding. A few easy enemies before the final boss grant you like 6,500 experience points per fight if you equip the XP ring and eat XP food, so levelling up quickly at the end of the game isn't a problem.Overall Setsuna is a good experiment from Square and a decent attempt. I'd be happy to play a sequel some day with improvements. Buy it strictly if you miss the days of FF6 and Chrono Trigger, Setsuna obviously doesn't come close to those 2 heavy weights of the genre but it offers a decent week's play through."
,Recommended,441830,24476919,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Chris Adamantium,"I am Setsuna had its technical issues with XB1 wireless contollers in my experience but once you get past that ordeal its a great game! (Xbox 360 wired controller works no problem)Though I have not beat it yet my journey so far as been great.   The graphics so far are beautiful and charming and somewhat gives you a new and oldschool feel at the same time.   They really stuck with the back in the day rpg turnbased RPG element, which is great for me since that what I loved playing growing up.  Its almost hard to put the controller down once you get started cause the story is not boring even at the beginning of the game, they just kind of throw you in with super quick tutorials instead of like most RPGS being an hour or so of boring tutorials.If you enjoy old Final Fantasy or Chrono Trigger you will feel right at home with this title."
,Recommended,441830,24412544,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Senator Cthulu,"I am not too deep into this game, but i feel i must write a review of what i can gather. This is exactly what it says on the tin: A classic RPG, that feels familar, yet completely fresh. The game advertises itself as taking influence from Chrono Trigger, but apart from the battle system, so far i'm getting a mix of Final Fantasy VI, IX and X. The game looks beautiful, and the soundtrack is just as so. If this game carries on the way it is going, it is GOTY material.EDIT: Also, this games runs at a smooth 60. Not a single frame drop."
76561198033364511,Not Recommended,441830,24729475,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Dalkaen,"I Am Setsuna is a spiritual successor to Chrono Trigger but ultimately fails to live up to its legacy. The battle system is really solid and evolves Chrono Trigger's format in some satisfying ways, but adds some other completely unnecesssary mechanics like Fluxation and Singularity. I've done an extensive analysis and comparison of the two titles here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CZ44O5r9WwE"
76561198019700657,Not Recommended,441830,24734999,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,perfectfailure87,"A let down. The first 5-10 hours were fun because it does feel like Chrono Trigger. The rest of the game was lazy. The story is weak. The characters aren't interesting. I never felt like I was immersed like I have with other JRPG titles. There's little to no strategy. Attack, heal, attack, heal until the boss is dead. The FINAL BOSS was like this. Other titles would encourage you to use spells and crowd control. As long as you can heal you're all set. I'd give it a 5/10 at best."
,Recommended,441830,28742751,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Da Killah Genius,"Uniquely Shortmost people compared this to chrono trigger, lol, please, just shut up.  I like this game, its different than most JRPGs I ever played.- Amazing music,- wonderful character designs,- great story,- unique battle system that allows you to do team attacks (combos),- predictable world map atmosphere covered in snow,- secret boss monsters all over every location you visited, believe me, they start getting real hard after the first 2 you defeat,- game so good, I be wondering if they'll come out with a sequel,My Rating = 10 outta 10"
,Recommended,441830,24432697,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Kagnarok ヽ(﻿ /͠- ͜つ ͝-\ )ﾉ🔪,comfy rpghttp://i.imgur.com/YrXbtSE.jpgdis is me irl
76561198045954999,Recommended,441830,24412076,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,DangerouzDang,Great game so far. Everything works fine and smoothly. Great music and gameplay. Definitely a must buy for people who love jrpg.
,Not Recommended,441830,24702634,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,the.timas,"I like jrpgs, and thought I'd give this a whirl despite some of the negativity. The negativity is completely solid. The combat idea is fun for about 5 minutes long enough for you to get to the biggest insult. You witness one scene, and I kid you not 5 minutes later. 5 minutes of your life and 5 minutes of game time later. There is no time skip just 5 minutes pass on the journey. You go back to the same area, and THAT SAME SCENE FLASHES BACK WORD FOR WORD. The character voices are more irritating than the pawns in Dragons Dogma. Even then the pawns aren't at all that grating because sometime their info is helpful. Characters will say the same line over and over as you defeat 1 to 2 penguins every 10 seconds. If you really love to hear japanese lines then maybe you will find more enjoyment. There is no english dub."
76561198010483339,Not Recommended,441830,24638876,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,TrickyTraegs,"I really wanted to like this game, but there are just too many things wrong with it to recommend. What's wrong with it?1. The story is boring and cliche. It treats the player like a 5-year-old, often repeating important story points to ensure we don't miss out.2. Combat is a joke. There is nearly no enemy variety. The fights are either waaaaaay too easy, or inexplicably hard. The spells all basically look the same.3. The upgrade (talisman) system is complete nonsense. There are soooooo many ways to customize each spell, but there's no way of discerning which is good, which is bad, which is right for which character. There's no way to tell if you're buying the right kind of talisman, and there are waaaaay too many of them.4. The weapon upgrade system also feels pretty useless. You can buy materials to strengthen weapons, but they feel inconsequential compared to buying the next level of weapon.5. The cooking system is nearly non-existent. You don't get your first one until super far into the game, and when you do, it's very expensive and single use.I could go on, but you get the point. I came to this game hoping for story branching, 3-player combo fighting, and the retro feel of Chrono Trigger. What I got was a love letter to Chrono Trigger written by someone who read the box description, told the story second hand to a teenager who then wrote the story for this game for a freshman year freeform english lit writing exercise.Don't buy this."
,Not Recommended,441830,31455672,Posted: 29 April,all,Whittigo,"Even purchased on sale this game was a waste of time, it just fails to deliver in every category. The storyline is lackluster, explanations are late to come in the game and then barely make any sense anyway. Character development is incredibly poor, the character you play as for one has no depth or emotion. You are given the illusion of choice but all of your choices are just a guise for ""what would move the story along now"" and have little impact on anything.The combat system is very basic but okay. The magic and technique system however is just garbage. You recieve items, of which there are hundreds, from battles and chests and drops around the world. You then trade these to a merchant for money, and then also use those that you have traded in to unlock new skills. Then you use other items to equip and givey our characters slots for those skills. The problem is 98% of the skills are unnecessary. You can use the same 5 skills over and over again and beat the game with little difficulty. Why are there 100 or so skills when most of them are useless. Also double and tripple skills cannot be viewed unless in active combat and you have the required party members, with the required skills equiped. Want to know what combo skill XYZ does? Too bad, equip it and then go to select it while in combat to read the description.But even saying that the game was fun and enjoyable up until one point, the end. The ending is hot garbage. You are left with massive unanswered questions, your final choice is completely ignored and the game shows you the same thing regardless of what you pick. But then fades away and doesn't actually explain what happens. Sure if you go read around there are few circular logic theories and they do make sense and it made it feel a little better. But I can't think of a single other ending as bad as this other than Mass Effect. A few brief cutscenese with your party memebers that don't explain anything about the world you just completely changed forever. Let alone any decent explination about the TITLE CHARACTER. This game really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off and I can't believe anyone is comparing it to Chrono Trigger without mountains of sarcasm.Don't buy, even if its on sale for $1 its not worth your time to play it. OH YEAH and by the way it takes ~15 hours to beat..."
76561198127287114,Recommended,441830,29247398,Posted: 14 January,all,tomozoids,"Played for about 40h and defeated the final Boss with full health.Some said save points are limited and not many so this game sucks. Well, this game's theme is ""Bring back our RPG"".If you have played RPGs and love them, you know the RPGs 10 years ago, and how the game was hard and not that many save areas existed. That is RPG. If you say ""I cannot save often and I get killed by the enemy! I hate this game!"", then you have misunderstood what is RPG. Easy games are not always good games. Need more patience and a spirit of challenge.Overview: 8/10The theme of ""Bring back our RPG"" succeeded. It is what RPGs used to be and the style they should be.Story: 7/10The story is not that bad, but if you know FFX is, you should not play this game. You don't know it? Then, strongly recommended!!!Battle: 8/10Combo system with Setsuna system is fantastic. You can create your own tactics.Sound: 10/10If you love piano based music, and you want to play game while listening them, you will love this game. Worth buying the OST.Others: 5/10There are just few types of enemies, no map to view, few secrets, no new game+.There is a chance to make the enemies stronger, but when you level up characters above 50 to 60, you can win any fight."
76561198048159832,Recommended,441830,24435930,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Cuppy,"I grew up playing RPG's like 'I am Setsuna', I play this game and it brings me back to a time where developers cared about making quality turn-based RPGs. The art style is gorgeous and the soundtrack is beautiful, it is easy to see the inspiration that the developers had when they started crafting this masterpiece. I have heard people criticize the story and battle sytem as being to similar to chrono trigger and final fantasy 10, but those two RPGs are among the greatest, why woudln't we want more of that. The game does draw parallels from them, for sure, but everything can be compared if stretched.'I am Setsuna' will give you a nostalgic feeling as you play, it won't hold your hand as you play, they want you to return to a time of RPGs where items mattered and money mattered. They want you to make that decision weather to buy that new weapon or restock on revival items instead. They want you to get out there and fight just for the sake of stocking up on life saving items. The game wants you to remember how RPGs used to be. You don't get healed at save points, you need to use a tent if your want to heal up. It wants you to care about status effects so that when your poisoned in the field and you didn't stock up on antidotes you will have some regrets.Only a little over 2 hours in at the time of writing this, still feels good man.Xbox 360 controller master-race, no faults, no stuggles, no problems."
76561198087740994,Not Recommended,441830,24744655,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,plucky cat,"I do and do not reccomend this game. I wish it wouldn't have used the nostalgia gimmick to market itself, so don't go in thinking Chrono Trigger in anything but small aspects of the combat. Most time the combat system saves a mediocre RPG, but not this time. Combat is active time battle which should be exciting and urgent however there is a mechanic(not naming this for spoiler purposes) that makes you actively WAIT for a secondary resource to charge up and slows the combat down miserably. It is almost a risk/reward system like Bravely Default implemented but the reward is often not worth it, even if you are able to do some impressive damage with it.  There are also super resource heavy(probably 25%+ of your MP per character involved for the cool ones) double and triple tech skills you won't find yourself using much outside of boss battles because Ethers are expensive. Equipping techs is a bit like equipping materia in FFVII because the amount of slots you have is based of a piece of gear equipped. You are rewarded with materials based on how you defeat enemies for crafting techs and pawning for money because money doesnt drop from monsters. The crafting system is simple and material are easy to come by unless they are intentionally obscure.So now for the real killer. The story is bleak and set in a world of perpetual winter.  I really wish we didn't know Setsuna's fate from the get-go, because you don't give a single damn about her and her saccharin concern for the world. Don't look for character development here either. I have never seen such an unchanging, uniteresting group of characters. There is a female character that ♥♥♥♥♥es about how she doesnt trust the main male character to the bitter end of the game. Speaking of which: SHOCKER!Setsuna dies in the end."
,Not Recommended,441830,24926872,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,tetrasodium,"It feels promising & almost sorta nods at a lot of older squenix games, but overall, the implimentation is only soso at best.  gameplay is ok & the story starts out ""I think this could get pretty good"", but unfortunately it just stops  at what should have beem the midway point.  The end result is metaphorically similar to if final fantasy4(?) with terra ended about 1/3 in when you defend the esper from kefka or final fantasy 3 (with cecil) went from mount ordeals turns cecil paladin immediately to going to the moon & killing his brother golbez.the graphics were pretty & snow effects a really nice touch, but the game's story winds up feeling half finished at best.  if it's cheap on sale it's probably not a bad deal, but overall it's kinda meh"
76561198118931755,Not Recommended,441830,24802321,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,The Green Bastard,"Gets kind of boring and repetitive after a while. It's also pretty linear despite having an open world, which has no monsters to battle in. The battle system is intersting but everything else seems lacking."
76561198048970411,Not Recommended,441830,24610057,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,durend,"To me this was a sad disappointment being a huge JRPG fan.pros- Battle system- Graphics were decent for a ""old school jrpg"" themed game- weapons and accessoriesCons- The music, i cannot stress this enough. I am not sure why the entire games sound track was done in piano. Not even good piano but slow, mondane, piano. i had to turn off the BGM and load up Final fantasy tactics OST on youtube to make it through. poor poor choice- the story  - FFX remixed, poorly remixed. the story telling is not great as well- scenary - ice, winter, snow, snow, snow, ice, winter. oh hey a green patch, winter, snow.-  choice system that has no impact on the game - minus 1 area but that is more a inconvenience then a story changer-  anti climaxtic ending-  Not enough content. If i am paying $40 for a RPG i had best get 40 to 50 hours out of it minimum. 20 to 25 is terrible. nothing extra to explore even late in the game when you can explore- did i mention the music?- zero replay value or replay options or extra dungeonsI had high hopes for this game. It is greatly unfortunate that they played on the heart strings of the die hard Chrono Trigger fans. This was any thing but inpired by it. making a combo systme and viewable enemies is not inspired it is mimicing. Instead what we got was the remixed story of FFX, the battle system of chrono trigger and the character reactions and behaviors of Harvest moon on the Wii. All put together poorly.This is the first game ever that i have asked for a refund for."
,Not Recommended,441830,24565147,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Overfiend,"I am Setsuna......... What to say about this. I purchased it, expecting absolutely to be blown away. Yes, a game I can get lost in for a while. Alas, no.For this review I am going to say nothing of Gameplay. Only the one negative that was enough for me to claim a refund.One of the biggest selling points of I am Setsuna, Aside from Story, at least for me, was the Music. We all watched the trailers, heard how beautiful it is. And that is the case. It is beautiful.However, after a mere 30 minutes, the music started to drive me insane. It is one instrument and one only. The Piano. Every single track if you like, is quite lovely. But, when you've heard it, again and again and again as you explore an area, Well. It made me want to kill myself. A game of this scale that will have a player doing repetitive grinding of enemies, and of text boxes needing read, while that same piece plays, over and over and over. I am also the sort of guy that will pause or stop in a game just to have a spliff and appreciate a nice bit of music. Almost cost me my life with this one lolIn the short. Could've been awesome. But the Music, nooooo I can still hear the Music. Can't you hear it?"
,Recommended,441830,24475004,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,[HxC]DuckSauce,"Do you like Chrono Trigger?Then, shut up, stop reading and buy this game.I give it 5/7.One of the best JRPG's I've played in a long time.  Really brings back that nostalgia and in a damn good way."
76561197972510334,Not Recommended,441830,24641813,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Izunah,"Game doesn't work with an Xbox One Controller, highly don't recommend if you're going to be playing with an Xbox One Controller."
76561197972402830,Not Recommended,441830,24586259,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Autistic Screech,"Loved chrono trigger as a kid. This doesn't quite have that same magic.Seems like an alpha.Music blandRepetitive environments.I want to like it, just isn't polished.Missing the element of discovery and fun."
,Recommended,441830,32672542,Posted: 23 June,all,Cleo,A pretty short yet beautiful RPG.I love the music and I love the snowy areas.
76561197996053115,Not Recommended,441830,28713383,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,karnak37,It also brings back the classic save system.....
,Not Recommended,441830,24429421,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Tippy,"IntroductionI Am Setsuna is a homage to the JRPGs of old, and borrows heavily from the mechanics of Chrono Trigger and its ilk. However, whereas Chrono Trigger captured the story of a young boy jumping from time period to time period in order to save the future of humanity, I Am Setsuna is the story of a mecenary named Endir, who is tasked to kill Setsuna, who is a young girl destined to be sacrified in order to appease monsters ravaging around the world, if only for several years.ReviewI have to admit, upon hearing about the spiritual successor to Chrono Trigger, I was definitely excited. I, like many reviewers, look back at Chrono Trigger fondly, and looked forward to seeing what I Am Setsuna had to offer. However, I am sorry to say that thus far (currently sitting at 11 hours of play time), I Am Setsuna is slightly underwhelming.For one, I am disappointed with the overuse of enemy variety, who only receive color swaps when you venture into new areas. In addition, in some areas, the enemy distribution is set that in the beginning part of an area, you face one enemy of type A, and then one of type A and B, and then 2 of each type, and so on and so forth, finally ending at (usually) 2 of enemy A, and 3 of B. While I understand it is to ease the character into the new area and character types, it becomes monotonous, and takes away from the enjoyment quite a bit.In addition to reusing character models, they also re-hash cave environments, As I Am Setsuna is set in a snow-covered world, I can give a pass to the outdoor environments, but the cave areas (thus far) have all used the reflective, slippery-looking ground thus far, and it seems rather half-hearted. Hopefully, once I progress further environments will look different.Other than that, the battle system is just like Chrono Trigger (with some twists). Fans of classic JRPGs will have no trouble picking up its nuances, and gamers not accustomed to the genre should get into it with no issue. The music is top-notch (and the overwhelming majority of it is played solely on piano, which is awesome on the ears). From slow, brooding songs, to songs that inspire a sense of urgency and panic, I Am Setsuna has it all covered beautifully.The character's backstories are developed rather abruptly, but I'm hoping that as I play on through the series, they will become more fleshed out.Final ThoughtsAll in all, I Am Setsuna does a solid job of paying homage to the classics. However, I'd advise that anyone reading wait prior to buying the game, as I do not think it currently warrants a $40 price tag.ProsPlays just like Chrono Trigger and classic RPGsCharming environmentEngaging storyExcellent musicConsToo much reliance on the same character models (for enemies).Re-hashed cave areas.Character backstories are kind of thrown at you, no word on development as of current playthrough.Expected more voice-acting, as opposed to just hearing them (you only have the option of Japanese audio) during battle.Again, I recommend waiting until this game is cheaper/on sale. I don't think it warrants a price of $40."
76561198070673046,Recommended,441830,28714195,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,R ',nice sound track&game exprence!
,Recommended,441830,30050738,Posted: 19 February,all,MIDIManNI,Stunning looking game and a good storyline...I love all things Jap/Anime and this is a must have for fans of the JRPG Genre...
76561198071772772,Recommended,441830,24418246,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,HybridSoul,"I am setsuna, a game for everyone. i myself am a huge rpg fan so this was a must. the game play is unique and it does not let down , you can choose a name for all your party members including setsuna which  i named her ""Sacrfice Girl"" The snow is constantly your best friend, the sword is your joy, your mask is a mystery, your party members are your loyal servants and Setsuna the royal sacrificed...this game is not for the faint hearted as youll need a bucket of tears along your journey along with a box of kleenex and johnson lotion. Overall the game is fun and enjoyable! Verdict : 10/10 lotion bottles"
,Recommended,441830,24421000,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,"I am thou, thou art I...","Two hours in and I can already feel the nostalgia.  Something about this game's music just makes me feel so good, it is beyond amazing!  Aside from the epic soundtrack, the game is pretty good.  The battle system is basically Chrono Trigger in a nutshell.  Runs great on my Razer 2016 laptop, constant 60 FPS.  Though I did notice some screen tearing and some sort of slowdown while inside a house?  I don't know.  Might have to see if that happens on my actual gaming rig.But yes.  So far, so good!  Worth the price."
76561198155354255,Recommended,441830,24554529,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Clean Your Shoes,best video game soundtrack 2016! 10/10
,Recommended,441830,31463716,Posted: 30 April,all,Nanaa,Totally recommended.  Worth the play !
76561198041574086,Recommended,441830,24436888,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Summers (ﾉ◕ヮ◕)ﾉ*:･ﾟ✧,"Very cute game! Love how the snow moves when you walk, the graphics are pretty and cute to look at, the characters are all intriguing and different, The music is lovely to listen to <3 Very lovely game to play and great timed battle mechanics, all in all is a very fun game to play!! c: If you like other square enix games like final fantasy and chrono trigger, this is a good game for you ^^"
76561198027749704,Recommended,441830,24641706,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,RT Final,Do you like JRPGs?orDo you like Chrono Trigger?orAre you under the age of 16 and don't know what those are?This game's for you!
76561198030761199,Recommended,441830,24421310,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,camouflageddoom,I like this game. It is enjoyable for people who enjoy the classic style of Jrpg. You can see a common trend within this game and within all other Jrpgs from the past. It was fun.
,Recommended,441830,24416594,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,I Benjie I,"A beautifully crafted game with simple mechanics and incredibly well painted visuals. Story has me hooked, albeit 2 hours in. Well played Squeenix."
,Not Recommended,441830,24643872,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,巨根,"Coming from a background of playing all the great RPGs of the 1990s, I really wanted to like this game, but I just cannot.  This game tries to do all the things games from the past did that made it novel, and then took a dump on it.  This game has a very unnecessary amount of backtracking, grinding, and pretty boring dialogue.The ""choices"" you make in the game don't matter because it automatically gets steered in whatever direction the game wants, there is no quick way to leave an area (refer to time wasted backtracking I brought up... It would be OK if things changed but nothing changes), some of the game is plain unhelpful with descriptions of fluxes and skills (at east for me, there is a bug where it tells me something does [null] damage in the description), your characters on the world map walk slow as hell, again probably to beef up the time so devs/marketing/whoever can say it's a 60 hour game when it clearly doesn't deserve to be, the game is also pretty damn easy save for a few very specific fights.  Also this is made in Unity which really surprised me because you would think they would develop their own engine.  I appreciate that the devs tried to make a throwback to older RPGs, and I paid for this game because I want to show my loyalty to what Square used to be, but this game is pretty trash, so much that I don't even know if I want to finish it..."
76561198051562364,Not Recommended,441830,33660748,Posted: 19 July,all,Florrible,"Is this game worth playing? Yes, if you like JRPGs.But is it worth 40 euros? No, definitly not. It has neither the quantity nor the quality for that. Main story is less than 20 hours and while there are some side quests, I found the gameplay and characters so boring I have no intention of ever doing them. I expected there to be some big twist at one point when you get close to  the ""final goal"", similar to how it is in Tales of Symphonia, which leads to a whole new chapter of the story...but no, you go there, fight him and that's it.So if you are into JRPGs, this game might be worth checking out...if it's 50%+ off or more. The standard price is honestly too much for what it delivers: A Chrono Trigger-like combat system, however with a generic forgettable story that is far too short."
76561198064642511,Recommended,441830,24444643,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,LuchaBocs,"Reminded me of the time I was playing Suikoden 2(or any old school JRPG) years ago, A good first game for Tokyo RPG Factory."
,Recommended,441830,24446701,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Katnip,Reminds me of Tales of Symphonia for Gamecube. Such a beautiful game. I miss this gameplay from the old consoles. Loved it.
76561197993384256,Recommended,441830,33183428,Posted: 3 July,all,SpaceSamurai,"I bought this game after reading the reviews that it would take me back to the better time of RPGs. While I do find it refreshing, I could not say it is as deep as the Final Fantasy Series. With simple music and game play, I would recommend it for a casual player who has enjoyed RPGs on old consoles, but not looking for anything too deep."
,Recommended,441830,33198787,Posted: 3 July,all,Evil Morty,need more content. seems too short for jrpg titles. and the last boss kinda easy unlike the secret boss. but still good experience.
,Not Recommended,441830,28549304,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Wrathzog,"I really wanted to like this game.  Unfortunately, I don't and that's too bad.The battle system is inelegant and fairly opaque... but has a lot of promise.  Some of the mechanics aren't explained well in the game text (for example: the explanation of what upgrade material does.  Figuring out how it actually works is very expensive).  I'm blaming the translation which feels about half-way done.  Game balance is wonky and I'd say that monster damage is too high past a certain point in the game.Dungeon designs are awful.  It's all squares with monsters connected to other squares with monsters.The player has negative agency throughout the story.  Other characters will literally ignore anything you say or do to push along the main plot.  Nothing you choose to do matters in the slightest (except for one dungeon but it doesn't make sense why).  This is probably the biggest hit against the game and they'd have been better off not even allowing the player to pick dialogue options.  You can tell that there is an intended voice for the main character (generic shonen hero) and shame on you for not playing into it.The story writing is... just boring.  It just never hooked me.Otherwise, the game's aesthetic is pretty solid.  Character designs are good.  Music is decent... maybe a bit repetitive in some areas or forgettable in others.The UI is passable, though it could use few quality of life improvements (mainly cleaning up the interaction between talismans and spritnites, how things are sorted in various screens).Overall... the longer I played the game, the more its flaws seemed to stand out and the less I enjoyed it."
76561198035778779,Not Recommended,441830,28954636,Posted: 2 January,all,Actraiser,"I really wanted to love this game, I really did. But unfortunately, it wasn't meant to be. I'll make this short and sweet.The characters are all pretty boring and as beautiful as the environments and music are, they are all very repetitive. Which pretty much summarizes this game, it's repetitive. It never makes an effort to make you care about anything that's happening. To be completely honest, it feels like it was relying too heavily on the hype of it being a Chrono Trigger homage to carry it."
,Recommended,441830,24418407,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Knux,"Good so far.  It's like Chrono Trigger's battle mechanics meet Tales of Symphonia's (or FFX's) story.  I'm only about 1-2 hours in though, so I'll add to this as I play more."
,Not Recommended,441830,24683689,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Osmium,"I will not recommend this product of this current price. It overpriced for what you get from it. I have spents hours looking at details, see how much effort was put into this game. I have seen lots of reduce, recycle and reuse of monsters over and over. The whole continent is just snow. There no sunny beaches, no topical forest, or dedicious forest of some sort. Heck there no tundra of bare grounds.Pros:Combat System is Great.Graphics is beautiful.Cons:Story seem heavily influenced by Final Fantasy 10. (Not really a con if you like FF10)Monters are reuse over and over.Game is short compare to the predecessor of Chrono trigger.Lack of different enviroments. (♥♥♥♥ing snow everywhere)Cliche incoming! Watch out!This game is very short as I found myself at the final boss already and barely grind the game much. I was quite offended on how they make some place that are not even worth checking out. The map is well done but so vast with very little stuff to do.  Playing the game it seems to me that the developer just copied ideas from Final Fantasy & Chrono Trigger modernized what little they can and focus on short story cliche...omg I see it a mile away.Character development...it was just a splash here and a splash there but nothing really to grasp on how to feel for these guys growing up. It just seems they follow a script and work with some personality.Would I recommend for $39.99 NO!I would recommend for $9.99 Yes!Focus their time on modernization, graphics and scenery... the story was just a copied from Final Fantasy X...so I am not impressed at all. Nostglia factor wasn't there at all.Good try but stop cutting corners."
,Not Recommended,441830,25061357,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,cptnoblivious,"I am EXTREMELY sad about this. I want this game so bad, paid full price because I believe in it. The game refuses to save. Not ""I don't know how to save,"" but actually claims to save the game and does not. I've tried save point saving and overworld saving. I am not doing a third new game on PC. I have requested my refund and will await an Xbox One version that will never come to be.Also, anyone who's using an Xbox One controller has to force install the separate ""Xbox One Controller"" driver available in Windows, and not use the newer ""Xbox Accessories"" driver provided by Microsoft. The game only works with the old driver.  Bad form."
76561198098811710,Not Recommended,441830,25061308,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,MIKEonmyfeet,"This game is utter and complete garbage and needs to remove the words ""Chrono Trigger"" out of the first sentence of the game description."
76561198076369155,Recommended,441830,24436306,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Felodese,"Mixed review.  Yup and Nope.This game basically feels like Jon Snow learning the piano (soundtrack) while playing Final Fantasy X (storyline) during his duty on the wall of the north (the only scenary you'll see). You will seriously not know anything (tutorials aka wall of texts are vague and don't really explain much of the visual indications or the basis of the game - look how many people ask how to momentum mode) and feel disconnected with everyone in that world (shallow character development regardless of how beautiful their design is).However, $40 for this game is expensive on steam but for a new jrpg compared to my ""real world"" market prices ($80) is considered cheap for an okayish game."
,Recommended,441830,24525531,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Galamaoude,"Un mélange de FFX pour le scenario, FF9 pour l'ambiance graphique, FF7 pour le systeme de materias, le tout avec un gameplay stratégique et une musique sympa. Bon jeu mais pris un peu élevé."
76561198073801820,Recommended,441830,24530387,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,KALP,Great game with an awsome story.
,Recommended,441830,24530704,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Arbitrarium,"I Am Setsuna is the newest Japanese Role-Playing Game (JRPG) from Square Enix. It was released July 19, 2016. It is available for $39.99 on Playstation 4 and Steam for PC.The first thing I noticed hands down was the music. The music is relaxing and beautiful. At times, it echoes the classic Final Fantasy theme and at others themes from Chrono Trigger. My stream viewers commented on how beautiful it was again and again.The story is really about Endir, a mercenary, who is hired to kill Setsuna in the first scene of the game. Setsuna turns out to be the chosen one for this world's cyclical human sacrifice trope. The party members are adopted one-by-one as they accompany her and Endir on her journey to sacrifice herself and protect her from those who want to kill her to prevent her sacrifice. Each member of the party gets their moment in the spotlight. This game shines in terms of character progression and backstory for each playable character. Overall, the story itself doesn't hold a lot of surprises but I still cared about each of the characters anyway.Graphically, the game takes old school 2D world maps and upgrades the scenery and backdrops to new school Japanese painting, similar to Ni No Kuni. The gentle snowfall is a theme throughout the game which blends beautifully with the piano-based soundtrack. There are no battle-specific backdrops, as all fighting occurs on the open map.The fighting style retains a turn-based style coupled with the ATB gauge. The player has the option to wait with a full gauge and let ""Momentum"" build, allowing them to perform special moves or do bigger cooperative moves between more than one character. Once in awhile, Momentum pops up with special bonuses called Fluxation that benefit your party for a given duration.There are only two types of gear to maintain and upgrade in this game, weapons and talismans. This streamlined approach lets you spend less time in the menus maximizing your party's gear and more time working on the story. The weapons are fairly straightforward. The talismans appear to give you special upgrades to your abilities, but the exact way in which they work is a little opaque. I just gave my healer the one with the word ""healer"" in it and tried to match up the rest with which ones appeared to be for physical versus magical damage.The character abilities, called Techs (just like in Chrono Trigger), in this game are acquired by use of spritnite. These function similar to materia in some of the Final Fantasy titles. You acquire spritnite by selling various materials dropped from monsters throughout the game, which the merchant then transforms into spritnite for your party. Weirdly, you can't ""sell all"" even though it appears that the expectation is to sell all the components since it's your main way of acquiring gold. That's a bit clunky.Overall, this game was very enjoyable. Some parts weren't especially innovative or unique, but the game successfully played on the nostalgia of Chrono Trigger and Final Fantasy. The addition of Momentum to the battle screen was fresh and interesting, and the visual and auditory aspects of the game were soothing and beautiful.Originally published as part of the girlwithaprettykeyboard project here:http://wp.me/p7E92j-4N"
,Recommended,441830,24531983,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Kato,Beautiful game.Beautiful music.And lovely snow.
76561198030455927,Recommended,441830,24449099,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Muffinstien,"So most of the discussion regarding this game revolves around bugs, the idea that it is incomplete, and that it is a poor representation of Chrono Trigger. I'll start from the top and work my way down on those.I encountered a single softlock in my playthrough, which seems tied to moving while talking to NPCs that ""shove"" you into a position to talk to them. Poor Endir wound up running against a table and I was unable to do anything but quit out. I found no other bugs in the game.Next, this game is in no way incomplete, but it absolutely feels like there was a bunch of wasted potential. There is a definite lack of content in the game. Its plot feels derivative of Final Fantasy X, and its writing is just consistently... poor.""My anger has suddenly subsided"" is not a segue into having a friendly conversation and throwing a banquet after threatening to murder an entire group of people, regardless of the deus ex they instilled into that character.Other awful dialogue moments include the entire party, one by one, reiterating the same revelation after one person says it, Setsuna becoming way too friendly way too fast with Endir, and plenty of incredibly interesting character traits that COULD serve as great motivation for sidequests, but simply are never mentioned again.That said, the rest of the game was enjoyable mechanically. Combat is fun, utilizing Chrono Trigger's design and Super Mario RPG's timed hits. The various customization/control systems are nifty and nicely implemented, with a nod to FF7's materia stopping by. A little more info regarding the effects of momemtum on abilities aside from guess and check to see what effect it gives would have been nice. The cooking system could be a little less obscure. I completed the main story of the game having encountered zero recipes, which is a bummer since the effects seem pretty useful. From the sounds of things, each time I was either missing a single ingredient or missed the single NPC that offered the recipe if you had them.The really weak point to me was the endgame. In CT when you obtain the Neo Epoch, the game opens wide for exploration and sidequests. In Setsuna, I found an easter egg town (neat!) and a bunch of very empty areas. A shack with nobody in it and nothing to interact with. Yet another snowfield (which I may have missed the memo on, don't know what those are for) with an NPC talking about how he wandered off from his village (there is no village on that island), just a bunch of whitespace in an otherwise sizeable world map. In fact, the only ""new"" areas to explore are the ruins, which are just boss refight arenas for farming rare materials. I'll posit that I may have missed something, but there was just nothing else to be seen.What made CT great to me was the expansive set of sidequests and locations to explore, then going through it again in new game plus to experience it with a new little view from the top. I didn't find that in Setsuna, which is an unfortunate waste of an otherwise amazing set of mechanics. With no sidequests to expose interesting aspects of the world around me, and no new game plus to incentivize trying new actions, there's just no reason to do anything but move forward.As for the ending, it's what was on the tin. I've found no indication of a possible alternate ending in the game.All in all, I am Setsuna is a great videogame trapped within the confines of a child's storytelling and worldbuilding prowess on a lazy weekend after they beat Final Fantasy X. It's fun to play, a joy to look at, pleasant to listen to, but cringeworthy any time more than two characters open their mouth at the same time."
,Recommended,441830,29994152,Posted: 17 February,all,Blucia,"Great Sound Track, Liked the Art Style, Character Voices are nice, Combat is ok, recommended"
76561198112042987,Recommended,441830,29228488,Posted: 13 January,all,GamingGodAkantra,"Wow... Where do I begin?  The games background, that is to say the setting, is rather boring.  Snow and ice everywhere, with very little color variation to break up the monotany.  But (and this is a big BUT), I have never been moved to tears so quickly by a campy JRPG story.  Even FFVII took an entirnity to get you connected to it's cinnamon roll character.  Setsuna quickly managed to make me curious as well as to make me rethink my understanding of human psychology.  As the story goes on you become not only more attached to her character, but more afraid of losing her.  As before the end of the first chapter you know it will happen.  It is filled with moments of impressive character developement and is perhaps the first game since Danganronpa 2, to truely make me feel the loss of a character.  And now the white waste of setting makes some semblence of sense, there is no real happy ending for anybody in this story, no bright colors, no spring in sight.  It's sad that the only really colorful character (literally not their actual personality) is Setsuna herself, fitting, but sad.  The ending may change this review, but I don't think I'm wrong in saying, that after the final boss, you will have beat the game, but it's going to feel hollow."
,Recommended,441830,28718354,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Ninjato,"I've been wanting to get this for awhile now, and finally snagged it while it was on sale.I'm not disappointed. It takes me back to being a kid with games like Chrono Trigger, which this one was inspired by.It's proof that Square still has it and can still make good RPGs even after that whole FFXIII mess.Really hoping they'll make more games like it and Bravely Default/Second and get awayfrom the crap they've been making lately.:::Update:::I've finished this game. It still remains one of my favorite new games I have played recently, but the ending is pretty weak. It's not enough to ruin the game but it should  have been a way better ending."
76561198113839133,Recommended,441830,24421699,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Gamer-[SG],"After you have played this real RPG, you will truely understand what RPG really is. This game is a revival of the true RPG elements from about 25 years ago, which wheck havoc around many countries around the world. we are still waiting for the revival of Dragonball Z RPG which the developer has created in Super nintendo era. keep it up tokyo factory."
,Recommended,441830,25000908,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,:-),najs gaem go pley men))
76561198115270060,Recommended,441830,27852202,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Busso Ebisawa,"I was super excited for this game ever since its release, but sadly I was never able to play it. I was originally planning to get it on the PS4 but choose not to because I'd prefer a mobile version so I don't have to stay home and play the game. Thus me buying the PC version, and I am not disappointed.This JRPG is amazing as the character development is intimate as you get to see how each character grows. The battle system is like most, where it simulates a turn based or if you want to, you can change it in the settings to keep it on constant flow for a real-life paced battle. Even if you don't really like the characters that much or the battle system, the  music is soothing and very beautiful. Not only does it make you reminisce about other JRPG that you've played, but you can also get to see where your current path will take you. Overall, this is a really beautiful game down to the last character decisions."
,Recommended,441830,29124733,Posted: 8 January,all,magurow,"It's basically Chrono Trigger, except Crono is Batman instead of Jesus, and your choices are as meaningful as Mass Effect 3's ending. Still pretty solid, all-piano soundtrack is top tier. Eutess best grill."
,Recommended,441830,30258227,Posted: 1 March,all,Cool Guy Sexhaver,The combat is better than Chrono Trigger.
76561198316096893,Recommended,441830,31278757,Posted: 21 April,all,kajiurakun,"I love the game,I love RPG, and JRPG the most.The music es beautiful.The fight system is fair.The lenght is just right.The characters are perfect.Really reminded me why I love RPGs :D"
76561197979956869,Recommended,441830,29308345,Posted: 16 January,all,Pink Bullets,"Nothing revolutionary, just scratches that old school JRPG itch.  I would recommend it."
,Recommended,441830,24484810,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,fmoo,"Game is pretty fun so far; I'd recommend it.Windows 10 + xbox 1 controller support is pretty broken, but xbox 360 controller seems to work fine."
,Recommended,441830,25616677,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,RODDYGINGER,"It's an ok gameIt takes story elements from Final Fantasy X(Sacrificial Pilgrimage) and Type-0(Time repeating itself until the main party get it right) and mashes them together to form this 99% snow covered world with one guy in the background mashing away at a piano to form the soundtrackCombat certainly feels nostalgic (ATB gauge)You create your abilities and it kind of gets annoying after a while trying to decide which is good or whatever, all I see is which has the highest MP usageI liked the characters, they at least kept me engaged and helped me get past the fact that I've made this journey before in other games....Monsters are just variations of eachother with no real creativity, very disappointingCooking and upgrading is useless, I haven't touched cooking once and upgrading is useless until you find OricalcumDungeons pretty much look the same again, just variations of eachother with also no creativityShort game, if I didn't faff around opening the locked chests before finishing the game it would've been 15hrs long for meDespite what's wrong with the game, all the snow and the music create this oddly satisfying and enjoyable experience and push me to keep going and see the game through it's certainly done well and has some interesting plot points in game that makes you more engaged with the characters, I'd like to play it through again at a NG+ keeping your levels but making monsters stronger, unfortunately there is no NG+All and all, it's a short and sweet RPG definitely worth the money I paid for it (€10) I wouldn't say it's worth €40 but €30 maybe and I'd say it's one of the best recently made JRPGs I've played in awhile (Tales of Zestiria the other recent enough JRPG not only being the worst Tales game ever, just a bad game in general.....) and better than most I've played in generalIt's a nice little gem, I'd certainly recommend it"
76561198218572756,Recommended,441830,24416368,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Lightning Strikes,"If you loved Breath of Fire, Chrono Trigger, Final Fantasy back in the day you will love I am Setsuna."
,Recommended,441830,24416352,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Chaos,"It's beautiful. If you love games like Chrono Trigger, then you're all set.10/10 too much feels"
76561198027552164,Recommended,441830,24464413,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,spectre199,"I have only been playing for a few hours and I would recommend this alot. So far this reminds me of Chrono Trigger and maybe a few other old games like Chrono Trigger, of course I didn't think everywhere we went it would be snow everywhere and that kind of gets boring of seeing the same thing snow everywhere"
76561198094408879,Recommended,441830,24416224,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,sgtdiablo666,So good. No issues with controller. Throwback rpg I've been waiting for.
76561198075579797,Recommended,441830,24437104,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Oakley,"Traditional RPG, simple which makes a marvelous game, genuinely a fantastic game from Square!"
76561198096176209,Recommended,441830,24647776,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,shelvin' pingas,this game left a sour taste in my mouth but I can say  that it was fun.probally not worth $40
,Recommended,441830,26511258,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,tyler_brebner,"If you enjoy classic JRPG's Just pick it up, it really is a great game."
76561198273045090,Recommended,441830,24604863,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Clad Gallantry,"I am a console player, but by some strange trick of faith my Ps4 broke, I came here to steam again to play I am Setsuna and couldn't be happier. Great game and I was lucky to have it come out on steam."
76561198062981565,Recommended,441830,24901045,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,d0pamine,"Fan of Chrono Trigger, therefore tried this game.  Although it has unique story it became quite linear really quick and made an effort in finishing it.  Battles are not so party-friendly as in CT, most bosses fights were a joke."
,Recommended,441830,24940180,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Kailizard,"A solid JRPG with evident influences from games such as Dragon Quest IX and Chrono Trigger, has a beatiful soundtrack but suffers from there only really being one theme for the enviroments which is snow and ice whereas games like Dragon Quest had a myriad of enviroments to explore from deserts to temples to cities but other than that i only have a few small gripes with the game and overall reccomend this game."
76561198047019845,Recommended,441830,24842887,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,TheCommodore,"I adored this game.  Gorgeous piano soundtrack, beautiful environments, and surprisingly complex combat.  On top of that, it harkens back to Chrono Trigger and elements of older JRPGs that I grew up on.  I only wish there was more of it to play."
,Recommended,441830,24960641,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Itzon,"A great game and really good story, unfortunately very short also. I beat this game in 14 hours. Very linear. But definitely worth playing.Worth $40? No. Wait til it goes on sale for $25-30 during Christmas or Black Friday or something."
76561198104220839,Recommended,441830,24797231,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Jo,"This game is about a girl named Setsuna, if the title wasn't obvious enough, who must make a prilgamage to The Last Lands  in order to prevent disaster. ""Well that sounds easy enough,"" you're saying to yourself, ""we just gotta go from point A to point B. What's so hard about that?"" Well my simpleminded friend who for some reason didnt read the description of the game before scrolling down to the reviews. Setsuna isn't just any ol' girl on her way to some land to say some dumb pray to save people or whatever, she actually has to be put up as a sacrafice to gods or something, I don't know. ""Well that sounds pretty intense my broskii, who would just give themselves up as a sacrafice?"" Well, I mean if the oppurtunity came up for me to kill myself I'd takeit up without hesitation, and I don't know why you wouldn't do the same. Plus It'd be a win-win situation. People don't die from disaster, and I get to die. Sign me up.10/10, would die for the benefit of others and myself again."
,Recommended,441830,24771074,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,BakaOppai,"The most beautifully crafted RPG game to be ever created, great story and terrific soundtracks. You can't ask for a better emotional roller coaster than this"
,Recommended,441830,24874539,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,bladengar,"TL;DR : I am Setsuna is a pretty great game and worth the $40 price tag so long as you are a fan of JRPGs and are ok with a good nostalgia trip with fun little mechanics and a bit of new charm. However, the game doesn't do enough new to warrant purchasing if that's what you're looking for.I am Setsuna is not the best RPG ever, and it's not going to revolutionize JRPGs. What it will do is properly call back to RPG storylines and mechanics of old, and give you a pretty entertaining close to 20 hour experience.Does it get repetitive? Sometimes. In my opinion the ability system depending on the drop system was a bit poorly implemented. If you want to get everything, it can get grindy. However, everything you need to 100% the game, if you are so inclined, can be found in the in-game journal.The story is derivative, evoking memories of Chrono Trigger, Final Fantasy VI, IX, and X. The combat system is a decent mix between Chrono Trigger and your standard JRPG. However, this is not to suggest that it isn't fun. On the contrary, I found myself enjoying the hell out of it while remembering the fun times I had playing those games. If you are looking for new and exciting stories and mechanics, though, you are out of luck.The music, while it gets a lot of hate, fits the theme. While I personally would have preferred something more complex, as most people suggest, I found myself booping and bopping to some of the songs. Sure they may not be the most exciting tunes, but they had their charm.As for extra content, I too was disappointed. It just doesn't feel like a true JRPG without a ridiculous amount of sidquests that you can do for story snipets, character development, and cool loot. There are sidequests in the game, but the rewards feel lackluster as they are just a different version of previously obtained spritnites (which are the only non support stones to make use of the Counters mechanic).All in all, I loved I am Setsuna. It has it's flaws, but which game doesn't? The character models, the music, and the combat charmed me and made me want to keep playing."
76561198092169216,Recommended,441830,24781371,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,hookkingdom68,"I bought this game not for being impressed, not for it's awsome graphics or gameplay. I bought this game essentialy to put into life again those memories I have from the old days. The golden age of J-Rpgs like Chrono Cross, trigger or other Final fantasy.Indeed, if you're interressted in the latest technologies or unpredictable storyline, don't buy this game. I personnaly think that this game is intended to be played by oldschool J-Rpgs lovers. These are the people to whom this game is going to impact the most.Yes it hasn't the best storyline. Yes, its environments aren't the beautifulest on the market but there is something coming out of it... it really has its own soul, its own personnality even if it tends to borrow the one from its older brother.When I play it, I can't stop thinking at Chrono trigger, FF VI or FFX... and even if it do remember me to those, I just can't stop playing.This is surely not the most objective comment you'll ever read, but if you do miss the old days, close your eyes, listen to the piano and try to bring your deepest memories back to life through this game."
,Recommended,441830,24870328,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Fallenoak,"What brought me into gaming, years ago, was Halo: CE. I played that, and lost an interest in gaming for years. Then, I played Pokemon: Mystery Dungeon; Explorers of Time. And this reinvigorated me and my love for gaming. Years passed, and my passion for gaming once again started to fade. Then, this game came out.In ""I Am Setsuna"", you play as Endir. A Mercenary. You join Setsuna, and her Royal guard to help her get to her destination. Each character, has an interesting perspective, story, emotion, and drives. It got me to want to play through the hard parts. The challenging parts, and the heart wrenching parts as well.The story itself is somewhat basic, and told many times. As the advertisments say, it is a story of sacrifice. And I knew how it would end by the time I saw the first ad. While the story is simple, the symbolism, and the metaphors are outstanding.  However, I obviously did not know this at the time.  I believe what drew me to this game was the gameplay.The gameplay is very simple.  However, it requires a lot of strategy, thinking, and is, at the same time, complicated.As Brina Palencia, (The voice actress of the advertisments) said, ""I remember the tales of ages past. Epic tales of Heroes, and of sacrifice."" ""....When the world beckoned me with open arms. When adventure called to me."" This to me, was symbolic of how video games of old were. When she said ""I choose to remember these things. Small things, hopefull things. For now, a long journey lies ahead."" "".... Remember the comfort of friends."" (Meaning for me when characters in games were people, not NPCS.)I am Setsuna reminded me of why I love video games. There should be more games like this.And so yes, I will remember. I will remember I Am Setsuna."
,Recommended,441830,24898012,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,ay,"Hmmm, 17.4 hours to finished and get every achievement. I wouldn't say I got my money's worth. I'm a sucker for piano OSTs in the first place.This games has way too much cons than pros, but I'll start with what I know.Pros:-Solid story, straight forward-Okay character development-Variety of skills and weapons-Reminds me of an RPG-Good OST-Okay level of difficulty (I ran the story first time through with minimal time spent actually grinding)Cons:-Choices made in the game have 0 impact at all-You cannot choose whether or not you want Setsuna to live (k then)-WHY YOU NO TELL HER YOU HER FATHER (damn, this part irritates me)-Reskinned monsters-Repetitive dungeons-Some cliche moments-Story was too ""fast"" and lacks content-No end game content (besides dungeon running), there is the option where you can up monster level but it helps with what? Nothing-Character balance was an issue (unless I'm stupid, I ran Kir in every team I had just because he is stupid broken),  Nidr were trash tier-I can't see the stats my character have...okay I can, I understand leveling mean something but I wish we could see in-depth stats-This game also lacks explanation in certain parts such as ""flux""Would I recommend?: NoWould I recommend during a sale when its 50% off?: Hell yes"
,Recommended,441830,24925994,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Carbonthief,"This game is a love letter to fans of classic JRPG's.  If you like JRPG's with beautiful music, art, and story, and gameplay that doesn't try to reinvent the wheel, you should feel right at home.  Perfect game, couldn't ask for more."
,Recommended,441830,24947795,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,HydraReaver,I havent enjoyed a game like this in a long time. It reminds me of Chrono trigger from back in the day. I love this game so much. Best purchse i have made all year!
,Not Recommended,441830,30032931,Posted: 19 February,all,Mendhak,"Getting a feel for this was very difficult - most reviews keep talking about Chrono Trigger, which I've never played, nor have I  got much JRPG experience, so there was no context to go by.Main impression - a half baked storyline with a piano playing in the background. Much like anime, many characters talking about ""precious memories"" and ""protecting your friends"" and ultimately a lot of flash without bang. And much like some anime, if you take a poor implementation but give it some evocative music, it will garner praise, emotions, etc.Despite gaining some enjoyment, the repetitiveness and same-ness of the mechanics, story, game made it ""almost OK""."
,Recommended,441830,29511792,Posted: 26 January,all,Mojohosavich,If you like Chrono Trigger battle system you'll like this. Please low polly Chrono Trigger/Chrono Cross with achievements.
,Not Recommended,441830,24431939,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,YoRHa Unit J6,"Mixed Feeling about this gamePros:Character Art Work style (Just wow)Very nice Snow themed RPGSimple StoryMusic?Cons:Boss Battles are very poorly designed(4 Hours in)Possible to brick yourself on the first Black Enemy?Music? Too much Piano? (I know it a theme thing for this game)Final:I'm having mixed feeling about this game but, for $40 it a nope for me will buy it agian when it goes on sale. Will recommend this game if it $30 or less."
,Recommended,441830,24411844,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Coaltergeist,"I was hesitant to get excited for this game, but as I saw more and more of it, I couldn't help myself. This plays almost exactly like another SE game: Chrono Trigger, but has just enough variety added to make the formula seem fresh. Now that I have no more buzzwords to spew, I can elaborate:Chrono Trigger is not only considered one of the greatest RPGs of all time, it is one of my favorite games ever. The only downside was that we never saw a true sequel that built upon the gameplay (specifically the unique battle system) that CT offered. I haven't gotten too far into I Am Setsuna, but I can confidently say that if it continues on the path it is on, it will fill that exact role.Apparently quite a few people are having control issues, but I have experienced none of these supposed issues. I have both a Windows 10 and a Windows 7 machine; I have tested it on the Windows 10 machine, but not the 7, so that might be the issue.EDIT: after playing witha controller, I can say firsthand that the Xbox One controller simply does not work. As I was able to use my Dualshock 4 perfectly fine, however, I have no issues."
,Not Recommended,441830,25164025,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Roadkill Toast,"Alright, So some things about I Am Setsuna.When I finished the game at about roughly 16 hours of play time, 2 of that was watching cat videos on my phone and another hour trying to get the controller to work properly. I have something to say, I was angry. I felt I had paid 40 dollars for parts of other Square properties that were jammed together in one game. Now that's not necessarily bad I do feel that it wasn't executed well. Everything but the music and the environments in this game feels borrowed from another game. The battle system is a mix of FFVIII and Chrono Trigger. The Story feels a bit ripped from FFX. And the character models seemed to be ripped from Bravely Default.That being said the story is anti-climactic. The battle system eventually devolves into using 2 moves and buying ethers until you finish the game. And basically it becomes a mind numbing experience.Would I have been happy if I had paid less for this game? Deffinitely! This is because the game it self feels like shovelware. If I had paid 20 dollars for the game I would have been satisfied. But 40 dollars seems like way too much for such lacking content.I waited a couple weeks after finishing the game to calm down and write this review."
,Recommended,441830,24417071,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Prinny,"Great game, been a big fan of the series since I watched the first anime, really looking forward to using the 00 Raiser, because it is one of the coolest looking Gundams."
76561198035012576,Not Recommended,441830,34319806,Posted: 17 August,all,Dragnfyre,The game has been locked to work with direct x 11 only.  It will not even open on my PC.  I had to keep clicking play to build my play time up to 5 min to leave a review.  You can find multiple posts in the dicussion session explain why the game no longer works.  It seems it's been like this since February.  Don't waste your money until they are willing to fix a problem like this.
,Not Recommended,441830,24661414,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,DesertPogona,"The price just makes this game even worse. It's not worth that much money. It's barely worth $15.All it does it make me want to play a 90's-2000 Square/Square-Enix game.It gives me that constant feeling of literally ""wow I really wish I was playing FF than this""I find myself saying ""FFX did this plot better"" or ""FF6 had cooler snow towns"" or ""Chrono Trigger's battle system wasn't broken, why add to it"", stuff like that. Constantly. Every damn twist and turn in this game pretty much. Sure it's a pretty game, but it's just... Meh.The characters are boring. The towns are boring. The important NPC's are actually copy pasted sometimes in the same scene (The Mayor comes to mind in the departure scene with ""Toothless Old Man"").Also it's got so many BUT THOU MUST moments it's grating they give you any """"""choices"""""" at all. Why do I even have these choices? They affect absolutely nothing. They change nothing. I didn't even try to swing my blade at the priestess and I was still accussed of attempted murder as if I had. I thought it was going to add up to like a ""Trial"" scene from Chrono Trigger, but nope. Nothing.The game is also speckled with various ""Hey remember this game that did this better"" moments, like the seaside grave from Chrono Trigger bit.I guess if you like JRPG's but wish there was one with absolutely no quirkiness and was a completely srs drab experience that tries so hard to be a western indie game.. Then sure it's good.Also I LOVE piano. I absolutely loved the OST. However, even I have my limits, and really wish they had just gone with a traditional soundfont like in older FF games than what they tried to pull off here. The tunes are very hard to hum along with. They're forgettable. They're pleasant. They're just dull.I was going to record this game to completion to show these points I'm making here, and maybe even try to defend some aspect of the game, but honestly, why even bother? I just cant♥♥♥♥♥♥myself to even trudge along anymore through this. The characters are so lifeless and generic, even hamming it up for their reactions is just awkward.I played past the refund point, so the devs have my money, but I kind of wish I could just get it refunded anyways and boot up Chrono Trigger instead.**I actually was given a refund. Neat. Thank you."
76561198116312217,Not Recommended,441830,31721825,Posted: 13 May,all,My base is gone,good music though... weak game-story. 4/10
,Recommended,441830,24417778,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Jäger,"I Am Setsuna brings back the magic of the classy JRPG genre. With the amazing combat system similar to Chrono Trigger, great characters and absolutely wonderful music -  this game truly brings back its genre back to the glory days."
,Recommended,441830,33289626,Posted: 5 July,all,1MoreTry,"Good game, good music, good combat mechanism10/10"
,Recommended,441830,24514222,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Kuroneko -五更 瑠璃-,I love every second of it. one a good JRPG that shouldn't be look upon and it was truly a love letter to classic JRPG..
,Recommended,441830,24412322,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Sonic The Comedian,"As angryjoe once said ""WHEN I PAY 60$ FOR A GAME I EXPECT IT TO ♥♥♥♥ING WORK"".It does work though in this case the problem is xbox controller compatibility as the game was exclusive to the playstation console it seems Square Enix lack of foresight to know that normal humans on a laptop/pc system usually use a xbox controller (one or 360).I tried wired and my wireless adapter just doesn't work at all.But I got past that and just yolo'd with the keyboard (Im the same guy who 8 years ago wanted to relieve his ps1 memories and play a ps1 emulator on my pc with a keyboard).After the first act and meeting 2 of the main characters beside yourself, i must say...THE MUSIC IS BEAUTIFUL.THE GAMEPLAY IS NOSTALGIC.THE PLOT SO FAR IS INTERESTING AND MYSTERIOUS.I NAMED MY GUY CHRONO!I can recommend this to anyone who wants to relieve the memories of star ocean, suikoden,final fantasy 6-7-8-9 and persona.And obviously Chrono Trigger and cross.Its hands down my favourite game right now and this is only 1 hour in.Just fix the gamepad issue that's my only gripe."
,Not Recommended,441830,29135411,Posted: 8 January,all,Dire Miralis,"Not worth $40.  At all.  Bland OST, only 3 or 4 dungeon tilesets repeated a dozen times over, 1-hit-kills-everything battles.Barely worth it at half price.  It's a short game.  It's an easy game.  It's a somewhat repetitive game.  But it's not a BAD game, at least not on the level of actual bad games that don't function, are missing content, or don't deliver what they promise.Only buy under $9.99, and only if you have literally nothing else to play."
76561198031614582,Recommended,441830,24414302,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Bones,"The game itself has a very nice atmospheric feel to it especially with the OST, the only gripe i have is that i prepurchased this game before they had a collectors edition with all the OST included, there is no option to upgrade to collectors edition you just have to buy the ost with would only cost a bit more, but its the little things that bother me.Game is definitely worth a go. Combat feels great, Music is transcendant, characters aren't half bad."
,Recommended,441830,24426655,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Avei,Beautifull !!! Great Soundtrack !!! Relaxing .
,Recommended,441830,24728004,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Light Saviour,Such an emotional story and an amazing JRPG
76561198004169674,Not Recommended,441830,35321679,Posted: 29 September,all,vkobe,bad pc portagebad tutorial to explain the gameplay mechanic
76561198067346186,Recommended,441830,24453129,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,a_lc_107,I pre-orderd but i didnt get the sound track.
76561197993684254,Recommended,441830,30073874,Posted: 20 February,all,Masarai,good ost and i love this art work
76561198140875587,Recommended,441830,24496489,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,TOPSON2,boss so much balance
,Recommended,441830,24530810,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Milk Jug,"If this game were a bottle of Hooch, it'd be a 10/10"
,Recommended,441830,24466440,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Babazi,"the battle system is good, hopefully the story will be great and the most important thing is I LOVE THE SOUNDTRACK."
76561198160636198,Recommended,441830,30176794,Posted: 25 February,all,IMMORG,"Very cute game, with -beautiful- music! It follows the JRPG feel, with a quick pace of combat followed by gorgeous graphics and an intense plot."
76561198046558936,Not Recommended,441830,24490307,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,john_paul_mootry,"While fun to play, I feel this game lacks the luster that I'd hope the price would entail. Or at least the play-time. I'm a huge fan of Square* and have been enjoying their games since I was a small child. I started with 1 on the nes when I was 7 and have played through most, up until recently. I dig the 16 bit-esque throwback, but it feels more novelty than substance.  I understand that a new company did the programing, which I think was pretty solid, and I never ran into a glitch, but I think it's sub-par for $40. When this goes on super-sale for $15 or so, grab it. Otherwise, I hope they do some free expansions or something...."
76561198049183507,Not Recommended,441830,24646986,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Tensaret,"So. Good news first.+ The game looks really pretty. They really nailed the eternal Winter look. And the snow tracks you leave I thought was a nice touch.+ The game's music is very good. Something I haven't heard in a game for a long time.+ The Combat flows fairly well, if a little simplistic.Now. *sigh* for the problems.- The game looks good, but doesn't really POP too often. Ice caves are pretty, but nothing deviates very far from anything else.- The game's music is VERY good (I want to stress that) but is almost completely forgetable. The reason isn't that it's bad. The problem is it's ALL PIANO. I really like the music, but because it never changes up into percussion, or winds, or anything else. The music never gives you the feeling of change or progression or threat or careing. It's all the same mood throughout.- The story is great, but unrealised. SOME MINOR SPOILERS HERE. The main character is a masked man from a tribe of masked mercenaries. Who I never met. Setsuna is a sacrifice to placate the monsters, who only has one character trait. Empathy. Thats it. And they never truely get into what is going on in her mind as someone who is willing to die for others, and no one treats her with sad reverance for what she's doing for them. Kir. His magic is locked away but he wants to help so much he gains it back, cutting his lifespan in HALF. THINK ABOUT THAT. Think about what kind of conflict you would wrestle with if you were now going to die at 40 just to help this person you just met kill herself! And they do nothing with it. This one really bothers me. SPOILERS DONE.The game is fine by it's self but it could have been so much more. If the story was better paced. If the music acctually reflected the mood. If the characters were any semblance of humane. This game is SquareEnix trying to say to the Chrono Trigger fans ""Hey. We still care. But it's been too much time since Trigger for us to invest in it. So here's this."" But the game only proves...Square and Enix are dead. SquareEnix doesn't even remember what it means to BE Human anymore. To tell a story. To be invested. Crono never spoke a word, but he had FAR more personality than Endir.I'm sorry, but I need to say this. The review is done, this is just me talking now.How do you fall so far? Both of you. Square and Enix.  How do you forget that it wasn't about graphics, or Pop icons, or dated music that sold your games and made you great. It was the story. The journey. The characters. Shadow from FF6 had a tragic tale of how his partner died horribly and it caused him to lose all emotion, becomeing a mercenary. And it wasn't integral to the plot. Cloud, Vincent, AND Sepheroth from FF7 all were fighting internal demons that they all lost to and had to fight against still. Crono. Crono from Chrono Trigger. He sacrificed himself to try to save an innocent and an enemy both. Why? Because he knew it should have been done. Standing there against something he had already lost against. No chance at winning. No chance at even hurting it. But standing against it because it was something that should have been confronted....Square. Enix...what would you stand against? If Satan himself rose from the Earth and you were there, What would make you stand there? To defy THAT. You wouldn't win. You wouldn't even hurt It. So. What would make you stand against it just because you should?...These things do exist. These things that make us do just this. And it's the strongest, most noble thing Humans can do. What would make you fight that hard? And why arn't you telling THAT story?"
,Recommended,441830,27604909,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DawnOfTheDay,dry my tears
76561198086479439,Recommended,441830,27728357,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Much Lion,Best game i played.
76561198151186225,Recommended,441830,24478301,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,King.rbg,"Fantastic Game, 10/10"
76561198007905021,Recommended,441830,26577039,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,MaG3Stican,FFantastic
,Recommended,441830,27753651,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Yukionna,Live or Die up to you
76561198010309566,Recommended,441830,24679560,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Fradle,"Good music, plays just like Trigger and I am reminded on how good this stuff are."
,Recommended,441830,24677860,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,SickCotic,"It may try a little to hard to mimic the jrpg's of olden time, but i had a blast with it, so... Yeah, i recommend it to every one fan of the genre.."
,Recommended,441830,24422021,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Katyusha,"Great storyline, great music soundtrack, and great game.  This is a must buy for those who like JRPG genre or those that like to enjoy a great game with a great story that compliments it.  The only issues I have are controls for the keyboard, which can be changed or gotten used to, and the lack of save points, which lets you know that boss battles are ahead and allows to prepare for them instead of charging in like a retard.  However, the lack of save points makes it rather difficult for those who can only play a little at a time to progress forward as they don't know where save points will pop up in the future and/or they have to backtrack to previous locations in order to save and quit for the moment.All in all, this a great game and I sincerely do recommend either buying the collector's edition or the sountrack if you have already bought the base game as the soundtract is absolutely amazing."
76561198050806849,Recommended,441830,24423476,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Felt,"Holy, Surpassed my expectations by far!Battle System totally my type and the Soundtrack is so well made i cant even describe my feelings."
,Recommended,441830,24424057,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Combat Q,If anyone is having issues with xbox controller check this youtube video!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mDJcJE4ENJA&feature=youtu.be
76561197983296903,Recommended,441830,24419424,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Prothvar,"Kinda laugh when i see all the problems with controls, maybe for once I am lucky? I have seen none. very enjoyable."
,Recommended,441830,24687457,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Lolth1616,"Wanted to play this ever since it was anoucned for english localization along with finding out the synopsis of the story.  Harkens back to classic JRPGs with very unique original music and a diverse party of characters.  If you love chrono trigger and final fantasy and you want to scratch your JRPG itch, look no further :)"
76561198024107310,Recommended,441830,24771823,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,thenewzero,"Great game.  Very fun.  I love the combat and the story was very good.  The ending was a little...odd, but overall enjoyed the whole game.More recommended to those who really enjoy old-school style JRPGs.  If you prefer newer RPGs or Western RPGs, you will be thoroughly disappointed."
,Recommended,441830,24799886,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Pixelbond,"Beautiful paino music, classic JRPG, great story, reminding me playing the old final fantasys games since it square enix so yeah i recommed other players to buy it or just wait till sales day."
,Recommended,441830,24411807,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,DarugaX,I've only played like 30 minutes of the game so there's not whole lot i can say about it.Pros:- Interesting snowy environment set. I like how snow falls from the trees when you walk past them.- Music great- chrono trigger style battle mechanicsCons:- Has compatibility issues with some controllers [until patch wired xb360 pad works]- Typical aid role in the beginning where you're hired by someone to save or kill someone.
76561197965491390,Not Recommended,441830,31186198,Posted: 16 April,all,amagius,"I wouldn't recommend this game to anyone, except those who didn't experience older great jRPGs and do not have the resources to play those influential games.The plot is eeriely remscient of another game published by Square. No seriously, the premise is exactly the same as another game (without much of the interesting religious imagery).The music and art design were quite enjoyable to me, but--faced with a copycat plotline and all of the ""homages"" to older jRPGs (which in reality are the artifacts of game designers discovering better ways to create a game)--I couldn't make it past an hour."
76561198038289966,Not Recommended,441830,29264702,Posted: 14 January,all,2kgames815,"has potential with the random events and change up of scenery, but found myself after 7plus hours getting rather bored and not caring what the story is even about. game desingers are either getting really lazy or are being rushed to much to produce games anymore.... ive been wasting to much money trying out games that look great and remind me off my past, just to find out i was let down like mafia 3, i am setsuna, etc."
,Recommended,441830,24414431,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,GodsGift,"love it, love it, love it!  looks amazing, plays amazing, sounds amazing! Love the Piano!"
,Not Recommended,441830,24547105,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,karltheawesome,"Disclaimer, I only played one hour of this and then got it refunded. Why?Chrono Trigger and FF6 had some of the most memorable opening sequences in game history and had me instantly hooked. The opening of this game is flat and boring, I just can't care.Maybe it gets better later and eventually you'll care about the characters and the story. But I didn't want to invest the time to find out.I would recommend just re-playing Chrono Trigger or FF6 if you want to experience a classic JRPG again."
76561198038744750,Recommended,441830,24533464,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,MrAkay,Awesomeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
,Recommended,441830,24436662,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Deathslays,10/10
,Recommended,441830,24417342,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,ClannadOtaku,"Its a pretty good game. thats really all i have to say. if you like classic jrpgs, then you will omst likely like this game. ignore all the negative reviews right now, since all of them or most are just people complaining about the xbone controller not working xD Just use the keyboard, its a pc game deal with it. and i know it shows you can use a controller but the game doesnt need people giving it bad reviews because the controller support isnt working. well thats that. enjoy this game. its pretty fun so far."
,Not Recommended,441830,28885549,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,sin(π),Very buggy. Characters often get stuck inside terrain causing NPC text boxes to freeze and soft-lock the game.Graphics aren't all that great. You've seen them if you've played any B-tier Final Fantasy mobile remake. Soundtrack is piano only which makes everything repetitive. There's no inspiration in any of the music.
,Not Recommended,441830,24481321,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,SweetZombieKitty2000,"I think this game is mainly for JRPG enthusiasts.You probably get bored with the same snowy landscapes throught the whole game.It's not a bad game, just not very original in any way.If you love the genre you may like it. Me, as a veteran JRPG player, found it somewhat boring."
,Recommended,441830,24431833,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,🅱🅱🅱,I luv it
,Recommended,441830,24414803,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Yong,"From the start, this game has a very melancholy feel to it. I am not sure where the story will take me but i hope it takes me on a ride of emotions.The music is mesmerizing along with the artwork."
76561198087679614,Not Recommended,441830,24481328,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Mr. Coolage,I would recomend this game I really would if the save system worked my game dosn't save so I have to play all the way to the begining to get to where I left off.
76561198225778548,Recommended,441830,24436065,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Deathveteran,snow+ice cave+turn based game? Only I am Setsuna offers these type of deals!
,Recommended,441830,27716607,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,SHALNARK QTHATER,this game makes me forget im dead
,Recommended,441830,35262357,Posted: 28 September,all,Kite,feels man ;_;
76561198084935483,Recommended,441830,24416654,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,iMSaiyan,I for one love this game! It brings back all the JRPG's I played in the past and loved. It has all the right elements to it and the background song is music to my ears. It makes the journey that much better. I'm not a fanatic reviewer so I can't go too much in-depth but I rather just play the game and enjoy it :)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T8hfTM0ZEn4&feature=youtu.be
76561197968574657,Not Recommended,441830,29742522,Posted: 6 February,all,Kinki,"Dear lord, the story is painfully mediocre.I am 20 hours in and I could summerize the entire story thusfar in three words,monsters attack people. Seriously, that's it. Every god-foresaken, snow porn village I go to has the same exact plot weave,monsters attack people.""Hey, look at this nice snow-porn village.... strange, where is everyone?""monsters attack people""Finally, a village... Where are all the people?""monsters attack people""What a blizzard, we should rest at this village.""monsters attack peopleYikes... I could go on. It sounds like a hate this game...It did just send me to the top of a snow-porn mountain where I caught a sick view of this new cool place I thought I was going to go and then told me to go back down the mountain and back to a snow-porn village I just came from to find out why I couldn't go to the cool place at the top of the mountain where upon arriving at said village, then sent me to another snow-porn village I had previously visited to investigate why I couldn't get into a place that supposedly holds the key to me getting to the other place I am not yet allowed to go to but can't because the snow-porn village I was sent to by the people in the other snow-porn village is currently in the state ofmonsters attack people...."
,Not Recommended,441830,29972100,Posted: 16 February,all,Capt. Bollocks,"Up until the last ten minutes of the game, I was quite happy with this game.  The art is beautiful, music was awesome, the plot had become interesting and i had finally mastered the combat system.I persisted through the little annoyances:- fairly repetitive gameplay- cannot re-load savegames without quitting the game- lack of tutorials and guides.  (fluxation, world map, what fluxes combine to what combos)...and then i was let down by THAT ending.  WTF.  Especially after investing about 35-40 hours into this game.  Not only was it depressing (way to give me hope near the end of the game only to drop me in a well of despair) but incredibly vague.  After this and Evoland 2, I think i'll stick to more mainstream RPGs from now on...Here are some alternate endings off the top of my head:- Afterwards, Endir casts Life on Setsuna and revives her.  Feeling generous, he also casts Aura to heal her.  Alternatively, Setsuna casts Auto-Revive on herself first.- Endir takes the Dark Samsara instead and falls on his sword.  He's a mercenary and a tough guy.  He can take it.- They grab a nearby Pengy in the forest and shove the Dark Samsara into it and kill it.  After all, what's one more dead Pengy to these travellers?"
,Not Recommended,441830,31161097,Posted: 15 April,all,Idnex,"This game really tries to ride the coattails of Chrono Trigger. It lacks a whole bunch of features that made CT so great though. The cast of characters are boring while also using part of the storyline from Final Fantasy X (as well as Auron). The combat is incredibly similar to CT, but without the memorable characters or charm of the storyline."
76561198006220351,Not Recommended,441830,33199722,Posted: 3 July,all,Shuin,Gameplay and story is boring
76561198087137569,Not Recommended,441830,30068987,Posted: 20 February,all,Tommy v2,"Yikes. This was as bad as they say. Just because it LOOKS like Chrono Trigger doesn't mean it's anywhere as good.The good: Good visuals, outside of horrid character models (hello... no one has feet...). Chrono Trigger battle system feels just right. World map is great. Weapon upgrades feels substantial.The bad: Ugh. Repetitive, piano-only music. Difficulty spikes on bosses is ABSURD. Unfinished feel: Japanese-only voiceovers (very few, so why didn't they?) and lazy stuff like an item description in French. Last boss is nearly impossible. Repetitive levels and a lot of backtracking. Unappealing characters and tropey to hell and back. It's winter and snowy ALL THE TIME, so you'd better like it. Lazy, lazy stuff... can't even reload a save from a menu and can't even get to the title screen from within the game... items and armor are expensive and  enemies don't give you money for winning... as stingy as the original FF1 for NES. Cannot run from a battle without using an item. UGH.The ugly: The ""Loading"" snowflake ruins the mood all the time. It loads for mere seconds, why have some annoying thing in the corner? Ruined the ending sequence especially."
76561198018889140,Not Recommended,441830,24487810,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,pedrojagua,"Just beated the game..... don't buy this game. If you want to relive a good JRPG just download chronotrigger for free and play that. Either do that or just wait for this game to be on discount.PROS:-Good combat system. Now, some spells turn out to be necessary (like the wall spell of the main character) as lot of bosses start hitting like a truck (specially after the first half of the game). However you do get a lot of ways to deal with that damage (for example things like Vanish, which turns you invisible, work even in boss fights).-Eveybody gets EXP. Eventhough you can only fight using 3 party members per fight, everybody gets experience. This is a nice fix to the usual grind to have every character in a competitive level or just sticking with the 3 first characters you get until the end of the game.-Optional challenges. You periodically find different colored mobs that are even harder that bosses.-(This point depends on your taste in music) There is a LOT of piano throughout the WHOLE game, if you are into that. Also a lot of snow.-Promotes exploration. Since the beginning of the game you see all these treasure chests that can't be opened. Later on, around the middle you get a way to unlock them, so you can (if you wish to) go back and get relative good items. There are also some  optional dungeon-buildings that are now available to you and before were not.CONS:-Story is not great. It's not bad, but it could do a lot better. Not only that, it's short and it leaves a some characters' backstory in the dark.-Dialogue is mediocre. It's as if they copy-pasted a lot of dialogue from the cheesiest/sentimental moments in japanese cartoons. At one point I was just annoyed of protecting the Setsuna girl. The worst part is that everytime your character is asked something you get to choose from 2 answers (generally opposite in nature) but no matter which you pick the story doesn't change a bit. Because of this, a lot of times it feels like you're the only sane person in the group. After a while I barely every read my possible answers, I just wanted to get past some conversations as quickly as possible.-Save points are few and far between. Normally it's not so much of a problem as you usually get a save point just before a boss and saving in the outside map can be done at anyime. However if you happen to accidentaly pick a fight with a rare mob (those that are harder that bosses) and you don't have any escape-the-fight items, you can start hitting your computer as you're probably about to lose the last 20-25 min of your life.-Lastly (This is probably not a big problem so ignore it if you don't want to read) , it is hard (atleast it was for me) to set up your abilities and party members to enable combo moves. You can beat the game fine without a lot of them (I never used a 3-way combo, for example), but still it's a bother and some combo moves seem really interesting. For the ones that I got to use, I just tried a lot of combinations of abilities for each party member to see if some set would work. The main problem is that for each ability, you see the possible combo it makes but there is no information regarding which other character is needed and which ability does that character need to posses.HUGE SPOILER (Do not read unless you don't care about the game!!!!):::::::I killed Setsuna at the end of the game. That was the only thing that made me happy story-wise."
76561198028967776,Recommended,441830,24412786,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,muchsamun,Great game ! so funny !
,Recommended,441830,31055061,Posted: 9 April,all,DanskGris,"Great title from Square Enix... really captures the essence of Chrono Trigger which once was a thing,,, what the hell happened Square Enix... or should I say Square Soft... bring back Chrono Trigger ffs..."
,Not Recommended,441830,24468401,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Cgaan,"I can't recommend this game because of it's ridiculous price tag. I paid the 40 bucks for it, looked at all the reviews call it a homage to Chrono Trigger, etc. This game is like Chrono Trigger and Final Fantasy 10 had a baby. However the plot feels used (Final Fantasy 10), and it feels like a Square knock off. Don't get me wrong, this is a heart warming story and if it was on sale for like 20 bucks I would totally recommend this game. But it's priced at 40 bucks and feels like it shouldn't ever be compared to one of the best (if not the best) RPG's of all time. It simply doesn't live up to Chrono Trigger. Again, this is a good game on its own, just not epic like the games it borrowed from. I do recommend it if you have the money to throw away, but there are better places on steam to spend 40 bucks."
76561198041187156,Not Recommended,441830,24765456,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Ouroboros,"I have no idea how this game got mostly positive reviews; it's... not awful, but not good either. I realize that I don't have much gameplay time on record, but that's mostly due to Steam's refund policy; I would give it a chance, but... it doesn't feel like it deserves one.Graphics: Fairly nice. Nothing special, but better than average. 8/10.Music: Didn't really notice it much. It didn't stand out, didn't make my ears bleed either. 5/10Characters: You play as Original Character Do Not Steal, an amazingly badass mercenary (despite starting the game at level 1). The first two party members are Spunky Female Rogue Look We Can Totally Write Strong Female Characters (Who's actually a mage, but, has a generic rogue feel) and the title character, Setsuna, who randomly decides to trust the player character despite the fact that he was sent to murder her. I'm not making this a full category since, for all I know later on the get amazingly detailed backstories and characterization. But from what I've seen so far... 0/5Gameplay: Generic ATB combat system, with added action commands. The action commands in this case being ""Press X to do the thing"". Whatever the thing happens to be, each attack has a different one, and it's not actually explained anywhere. Paper Mario this is not. 5/10.Customization: Didn't get far enough into the game to get into this, but I got the vibe of ""Customization? Haha what's that? Here have these shiny things that you can put other things into to make them shinier"". It kind of feels like it was ripping off Trails in the Sky with the way you got new skills, but in a less interesting manner. 1/5.Overall: 19/40. Not the worst game out there, but you probably have better things to spend $40 on.(NOTE: As mentioned, I haven't played this game all the way through, due to wanting to be able to return it. These are just my views of the game up to the point I reached)"
,Recommended,441830,24450293,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,トライエッジ,"*Starts game**Meets main protagonist**Names him ""SpongeBob**Goes to Island to murder innocent girl**Meets innocent girl**Names her Patrick**Stopped playing and laughs for 20 mins*"
76561198049921198,Recommended,441830,24411735,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Dave,無駄だ
76561198163107074,Recommended,441830,24415760,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,ignisbruno,"I am Setsuna is a good JRPG game. It clearly seels because of the nostalgia it produces (I bought it for that reason) But it's not what it could have been.The game lacks what made others games great but it's okay.Despite being fun and nostalgic this game left me a little hollow but this is not the fault of the game. It's deeper. I wondered why I felt like it's not that good and after thinking a lot I came to the conclusion that we need different stories.Stories like this are not new or deep anymore. We've already seen it countless times.The plot twists, the main story. All of it has been told already and in better ways than I am Setsuna does."
76561197986050342,Recommended,441830,35239560,Posted: 27 September,all,Stakuma,NOOSTALGIAAA....I feel like I'm 10 again.
76561198014973977,Not Recommended,441830,27828419,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,JadePharaoh,"Hey Squenix. What is the most important feature in a JRPG that takes several dozen hours to finish? How about THE ABILITY TO SAVE YOUR FUGGIN' GAME!!! I've played through the intro twice now, and I've noticed that my saves don't show up in the menu; just ""New Save Data"" every time. I reset the game, and sure enough, my file is gone. How did such a thing be overlooked in testing?? This is sad because I heard this game was so good; apparently it was so good that the people praising it played through it all in one sitting..."
76561198283335234,Recommended,441830,24421658,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Sir Laggsalot,"Could've been better, but I still like it."
76561198066129363,Not Recommended,441830,24606670,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Carl,Not reco
,Not Recommended,441830,25158315,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Reikami,"Freez. Crush. Boring.+ Music+ Characters+ Story+ Classic trpg gameplay- Music: (firstly i loved music...unless it was 3rd hour of ABSOLUTELY same boring melody)- No voices- Boring gamedesign. To be clear: art and battles are well done. BUT It almost absolutely same locations, absolutely same battles in the whole game.- Crushes, freezes, everywhere in battles/boss. Simply unplayable.What it cost... The mark is about BAD. It should have been in greenlight."
,Recommended,441830,24465716,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,♥ 真田 × 莉々奈 #XVI³,n i a r t F e e L ś e h t d r a o b a p o h o t e m i T BibleThump
,Recommended,441830,24418848,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Ducktigami,Really does remind me of chrono trigger
,Not Recommended,441830,35302154,Posted: 29 September,all,SivartStoneheart,"The story go against the characters and the grinding is painfully slow.The character you play as is sent to kill a female who is going to kill her self at some special place.  The details of our mission are not very clear but it is likely the person who hired us wanted us to kill her before the sacrifice plus the main character seems to not care very much about people.  There are 2 more reason not to take her around the world, long trip guarding her adds much more danger to yourself and the second reason if you do care about her is at the end of the trip is her death.1, mission kill her, 2 cold hardered main character, 3 added danger no reward, 4 if he did care for her she is no better offAlso character design is pretty bad, FF9 is better.  Are they taking tips from N64?"
76561198057938728,Not Recommended,441830,30047244,Posted: 19 February,all,oZanaRi,Extremely short.Not Chrono Trigger.
76561198180190231,Not Recommended,441830,29537258,Posted: 28 January,all,caiohideo,"An ok jrpg, just more of the same stuff, but with an awkward UI,not so precise controls for a battle system that depends on timed inputs,jerked animations/transitions"
,Not Recommended,441830,31182557,Posted: 16 April,all,BOT Jack,"I'm going to upate this as I play further.What a failure. Absolutely no polish, shallow characters, no sense of growth statwise, flimsy story with no real hardships. It simply doesn't deserve to put Chronotrigger anywhere near it.Progress: While fighting a boss (led up to with an unskippable cutscene) I had delivered the final blow. The boss then used an ability that in one hit killed my entire party, (I'm overleveled at this point)  leaving me with a game over.More Progress: After♥♥♥♥♥tearing my way  through a few incredibly easy fights I'm  met with a boss that, before a single character can attack, can either kill one, two, or three people. This could be avoided if the usefulness of double and triple techs was stressed at all. Not only were they not stressed, but the only way of knowing which characters have techs with others without using  an external source is truial and error.Repetative piano on a snowy background can't fill the emptiness this game holds, 5/10"
,Recommended,441830,24411684,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Suvaril,"So far it's quite good. I had no problems starting it or playing it, and it's very nostalgic thus far.Edit: After playing for a bit more, the lack of choice bothers me a bit. Granted, the games that inspired this had just as little choice, but a bit more of the ""choices matter"" flair would be nice. The story is thus far familiar (FFX comes to mind). Gonna keep playing it, but once the nostalgia fades it begins to feel hollow. Hopefully that won't be the case for the remainder of the game :/ The music is phenomenal however."
,Not Recommended,441830,35255110,Posted: 27 September,all,[ND] Craftmoon,"Honestly... this is not a game I would call bad, but I also would not recommend.The perfect world is ""bland"". The story is extremely boring.The graphics and atmosphere are great, but everything else is just average and bland.Not worth. It betrayed my expectations for something based on Chrono Trigger."
,Recommended,441830,24415246,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,睦月,"game is good, i enjoy it, you should too."
76561198117380890,Not Recommended,441830,27772807,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,matt,"I am Setsuna is yet another disappointing homage to ""golden age"" JRPGs. It shows that authors of the genre are committed to slavishly repeating the same bland stories, characters and systems over and over again."
76561197970964299,Recommended,441830,29973853,Posted: 16 February,all,Magick Mak,"First of all, I haven't played the game for long enough to give an extremely detailed review...That being said, it appears to be a good game but I'm on the fence about giving it a thumbs up.  The gameplay is solid as you'd expect from a Chrono Trigger clone.  However, the characters and story in the beginning left much to be desired.  It simply didn't pull me in like Chrono Trigger or the old SNES RPGs.It definitely has potential.  If the plot improves then I'll change my review but for now I'm giving it a positive recommendation with caution.  Don't expect Chrono Trigger when you buy this.  Expect Chrono Trigger combat."
,Not Recommended,441830,24958930,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,mctubbins (Tubbiest Player 2017),"I can't provide a propper review because I wasn't compelled enough to finish the game. It's just so repettitive, litterally everything in this game is repettitive, and it's not even that good. The game is incredibly lukewarm, and it doesn't really innovate at all.[D-] - I might finish this sometime if I'm incredibly boerd, it's just not compelling enough right now though."
76561198344176722,Recommended,441830,26736024,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,76561198344176722,It's enchantingly beautiful and certaintly brings me back to the days of the old Final Fantasy. The Soundtrack is breathe-taking and I just can't wait to play more of it and enjoy every second of this game.
76561198282204778,Recommended,441830,24416625,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Im360ur180,Can't select new game in menu. i can only go up amd down in the menu and settings.please help
,Not Recommended,441830,31858583,Posted: 20 May,all,Omabear,"I am Setsuna.Wait that's not right...I am Endir.Yes, despite the title of the game, you aren't in fact Setsuna, but rather her bodyguard and former assassin, Endir. ""I am Setsuna"" is another one of those nostalgia gimmicks designed to bring oldschool JRPG fans back in time for a classic experience. The problem with this is a little something I like to call modern standards. It just doesn't work, and is probably one of the most boring and cringeworthy games (if you can even call it a game) that I've played in quite a while. Bare bones writing and lazy anime tropes combine to form one of the most frustratingly bland concoctions in my history of gaming.The CombatIt's exactly what you'd expect from a JRPG - real time, turn based combat. Great, I love me some turn based strategy! But gods, not like this. The standard enemies are incredibly easy. Each round of combat lasts for no longer than thirty seconds, bust out your strongest move, kick a couple asses, and you're done. There's no challenge, it isn't fun. The standard foes drop items that serve no other purpose than as a source of income for your party that you then spend on a new set of weapons to match the level of the next area, maybe even a few potions and ethers too, which are immediately consumed during boss fights. Maybe the basic baddies were one hitter quitters, but here's where the game starts to struggle with balance. The bosses are impossible. I found myself spamming potions and phoenix downs quicker than I could damage, resulting in an endless loop of hurt until my resources were exhausted and the boss emerged victorious.The Story/CharactersUgh, don't even get me started on the story. Shadow of Mordor did this and was one of the many reasons it turned out to be a hot mess. Darkness falls across the land and it's up to a lone hero to sacrifice themselves for the greater good of humanity. This nonsense is the definition of cliche and is clearly the result of lazy writing, awful time crunching, and a minimal budget. It's the typical JRPG get-out-of-jail-free card. This method also proved to be detrimental to character development. There's such a wide cast of beautifully designed characters whom were bogged down by unimaginative, stereotypical personalities. The hot-headed brute, the silent assassin, the compassionate healer, the insecure mage, the valiant knight, the list goes on. Their conversations are like those a pair of grade schoolers would have; slow exchanges consisting of obvious statement-making and dumb question-asking. Even the side characters in every copy-pasted village were copy-pasted models with copy-pasted personalities. If anything, this game is just a P.T. clone.The Art/MusicIf there's two things I really like about Setsuna, it's the art and music. Despite the horrible writing and gameplay, it's fairly generous in terms of visuals and sound. Setsuna's soundtrack consists exclusively of minimalistic piano solos. Additionally, the game itself looks like a painting. It's one of those snowy log cabin scenes you'd see hanging on your grandmother's living room wall. As much as I could complain about the music and setting being obnoxiously consistent throughout the entirety of the game, I just can't, because it never got tiring. Though this could be an issue for some folks. There's something about a steady snowfall paired with a gentle piano rhythm that managed to keep me calm on this torturous adventure.ConclusionI am Setsuna turned out to be a false promise of nostalgia. It features an incredible painting-like artstyle and minimalistic piano soundtrack which unfortunately couldn't make up for the lackluster gameplay and writing.Papa Bear gives I am Setsuna:3/10 honey jars on the objective scale4/10 honey jars on the personal scale"
76561198037639438,Not Recommended,441830,29998861,Posted: 17 February,all,Spaz,game is kinda meh. Doesn't feel like it was worth the 40 price pooint. Also the art style of the game looks beautiful it also feels really depressing at the same time.
,Not Recommended,441830,29525186,Posted: 27 January,all,crowbar,"The characters are well written, but the story itself starts to drag on after some time. I haven't completed the game, so I don't know if the story was worth it at the end. The reason I stopped playing is that the gameplay is just too simple to be able to carry such a long game. Balancing is also an issue."
76561198261881593,Recommended,441830,35234951,Posted: 26 September,all,allicanseenow,Just  love jRPG generally and the game particularly a lot.
,Recommended,441830,25404745,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,GrandDukeofOwls,For every person that does not buy this game to fund my dreams of more jRPGs God kills one baby animal that you love. 1 like = 1 amen
,Recommended,441830,24412381,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,IVAR the boneless,a great game hope they fix the keboard control problem
76561198258802052,Recommended,441830,32185644,Posted: 4 June,all,3edl,Finally JRPG. It is good game !
,Not Recommended,441830,24457876,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Slayman,"It is a very mediocre game, but enjoyable, but not for the full price.Everything is so repetitive, the music, the enemies, the areas. It's all the same.The narrative is pretty good and is enough to keep you engaged, but I would only buy this on sale.A lot of things are badly explained and the unique parts of the combat system is so heavy on RNG."
76561198027786796,Not Recommended,441830,24504640,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Petrus,"It left a bad taste in my mouth. I've seen others point out the major things so i won't go into detail. The worst part of it for me though, were the boss fights. The last ones all have insta-kill mechanics, which can't be avoided. Often the battle is decided by RNG, which makes the fights frustrating and pointless. By the end I didn't really care about the characters or the plot."
76561197976029850,Not Recommended,441830,26466831,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Zack,The story and lack of world building really lets this game down
76561198260773322,Not Recommended,441830,28238808,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Silvertooth,"Fluxes/Momentum system can make a difference like sky and earth (damage x100+) in the game.However, they don't even tell u anything about the system.I just finished the game and then I realized I totally missed using the fluxes/momentum system.Is this the way how Squaresoft adds so-called ""depth"" and ""replay value"" to the game? By not tell people now to play?After 50hrs playing this game, I just found that I had wasted my precious time."
76561198025165191,Not Recommended,441830,27510224,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,zjwillie,"Controller lock out, absolute on Xbox One, intermittent on Steam Controller. Multiple set backs because I can't get pass the menus (even with the keyboard), unless I ONLY play on keyboard.Seemed like a cool little game but refunded as the menues are OP."
,Not Recommended,441830,24438317,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Deity,"This game is about monsters plaguing the world, and the only respite available is for a young religious devotee to go on a pilgrimmage of faith that results in them sacrificing their life for 10 years of calm, before death and war ravages the land once again and another sacrifice must play their part to maintain peace.You play as a character who meets the sacrifice as she prays. At first you're shunned from the pilgrimmage by her guardians because you're unaware of the tradition, but something about you makes sacrifice girl insist you accompany her. And so you set off on your journey from her island by boat, before being attacked at sea. You manage to protect her because you're apparently pretty good at this guarding thing, and your fellow guardians start to appreciate you more.Speaking of fellow guardians, in addition to your young but unnaturally talented swordsman and the weak white mage healer sacrifice girl, you also have characters such as the ninja girl that dual wields and has ties to the sacrifice from before the story started, and a one eyed man with a trenchcoat and large sword that previously accompanied a sacrifice along their pilgrimmage, and later returned with something not quite right about him.If it sounds like I'm describing Final Fantasy X in less detail, it's because I am. For some reason, all of the above also applies to I Am Setsuna. Following the exact same story cues as FFX, but with none of the charm and depth, this game is an incompetent and uncomfortable insight into how bad developers make games. Terrible dialogue and shallow storytelling, poor scripting, and inconsequential decisions make this feel less like an RPG and more like a hand held journey down a singular path where the only explanation for any characters motives is ""because the developer thought it would be cool"".But the story can be forgiven if the gameplay is good! This is a turnbased ""RPG"", surely they couldn't have messed that up! Well, did you think Chrono Trigger's gameplay was good? Because for every story beat they ripped out of FFX they ripped two mechanics out of Chrono Trigger's battle system. Read a review of Chrono Trigger and almost every part of it concerning the battle system will apply to I Am Setsuna. Some new ""features"" are added,  and while not the affront to the senses that the story is, it's just a shameless rehash of an old game.To be fair the developers clearly stated that this game was influenced by the genre greats. But that doesn't mean anyone is looking for a rip off. If you haven't played Final Fantasy X, then great. It's on Steam, it's cheaper than I Am Setsuna, it's a better game, it's worth experiencing, and I cannot recommend that you play it enough. And if youhaveplayed Final Fantasy X, then there's nothing new for you here. Same goes for gameplay. I personally never bit into the nostalgia apple that can apparently make people throw $40 away and enjoy playing drivel, but if you're one of those plebians give I Am Setsuna a shot. It's literally half the story of FFX mixed with the combat of Chrono Trigger, and a straight path through an uninspired world with shallow characters and cobbled together by people that have no idea how to make games enjoyable. It's trash. I'm sure you'll love it."
76561198059928384,Recommended,441830,24411047,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,ChaChiya,"For me, there are some pretty major issues with using my gamepad or keyboard that make the game unplayable. Sadness.Edit: I was told that the controller I was using had compatability issues with the Unity engine... so I'm using the keyboard now. Works great (although I would have preferred a couple more instructions as to which keys opened menus or something since I spent like 5 minutes trying to figure out how to exit out of a menu). The game itself was beautiful. Forgive me for not knowing that using an xbox1 controler would prevent me from being able to play the game.Now I'm riding a feels train tho. It's fun."
,Not Recommended,441830,24423210,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Vicious Pink,"X-Box One Controller FIXFor everyone who might have problems with X-Box One Controllers:Here is a link to a Video that explains how to Fix it.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ep9tgi0eNoc""And here again manually:1. Plug the controller in! - This Fix only works with the a Plugged in Controller via USB2.Search online for a Fetting driver! -(http://mjr.mn/XboxOnePCDriversx64This is a DIRECT Download Link!!)3. Open Your Driver section (Settings-> Devices -> Device-Manager [at bottem of the window])4. Choose 'Xbox Peripherals' -> Microsoft XBox One Controller5. Update Driver (Rightclick, Update Driver -> Browse from Computer -> Pick from a list -> Uncheck, Show compatiple hardware -> select the New driver)Trust me the Video is much easier, but as I said, it only works Wired, since Wireless has another Driver section!And for the end, since it is a review of the Game:Yeah. Game is Okay but way to prizy for what it offers, it has no soul what-so-ever and just straight up 75%-90% stolen plot and elements.  (I did watch in closer on youtube, since i wanted to keep it lower than 2 hours for a refund). I do not dislike 'simular' JRPGs, but this game is just way over the top copy-pasta from other games."
,Not Recommended,441830,25269554,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,bbmello,Boring and unoriginal. Can't believe I paid $45 for this joke of an RPG.
76561198313074146,Not Recommended,441830,24473653,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,spinx92,I give the game a big fat 0 for the WORST controls ever in the entire history of gaming. I cant get this stupid game to work at all. plz do not buy this game unless you want a night of utter frustration.
76561198006989091,Not Recommended,441830,24451320,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Cruxian,"This game's controller support is broken, I can't get past the title screen without digging out and pluggin in a wired 360 controller and downgrading the drivers, or playing a jrpg on keyboard and mouse.  I would love to play this game and can't because it's broken.  Buy it when it's on sale and patched."
,Not Recommended,441830,24468214,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Blaise,Unmistakably low budget in just about every way it could be - except the pricetag.
76561198314972059,Recommended,441830,24411493,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,croquette,wow...
,Not Recommended,441830,25810881,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,bogardfury,Game does not work. Keyboard and mouse will not let you start a new game.
,Not Recommended,441830,24590955,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,taronin,"Doesn't support XBox One gamepads on Windows 10.  For a recent release by a major game publisher in 2016, this is a pretty terrible lapse, so I'm rating this game a ""no"" and won't provide a more complete review until such time as this issue is fixed.(Works with wired 360 gamepads, for those with both lying around.)"
,Not Recommended,441830,25969443,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Sans Seraph Font,"I am Setsuna is an entirely derivative and uninspired game. The story is just about copy and pasted from games like Final Fantasy X, Chrono Trigger, and Bravely Default. The art is ugly, and the scenery is repetitive (I hope you like snow). The music is nice the first time you hear a tune, but it never progresses beyond one dude noodling away on a keyboard.If you're looking for a classic JRPG experience on the PC, go get one of the Final Fantasy remakes on steam, this one is just a boring disappointment."
,Not Recommended,441830,25207893,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Sliparoon,"Didn't work with Xbox one wireless controller, spent 3 hours trying to make it work and now I can't refund. Avoid it you plan to use this controller to play."
76561198048177966,Recommended,441830,26335549,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Razkaz,"a bit short but a good game, feels a bit like Final Fantasy 7 and the soundtrack is awesome"
76561198296789001,Not Recommended,441830,30589727,Posted: 18 March,all,bubbakneebiter,Game worked fine until the French update. Now it will not work. I cannot find any support on fixing it. Not even sure if they know there is a problem. Resorting to giving a negative review until they fix the game.The game won't start.
,Not Recommended,441830,24444522,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Definitive,the soundtack is dullthe battle system is boringthe dialouge is so childesh and sillygraphic is nostalgic and was okxbox one controllers do not workreturned the game.
76561198070505235,Not Recommended,441830,25733397,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Resce,"A strictly standard JRPG stuck in the past. The games it draws inspiration from--FF series and Chrono Trigger--are more complete, better purchases than this paint-by-the-numbers shlockfest."
,Not Recommended,441830,24459136,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Dr.Larry,"I find myself really wanting to love I am Setsuna but there's too many issues with the game to really fall for it. It pulls at the nostalgia strings which, I feel, is why I want to love it.The soundtrack is, within context of a game that's 20 hours or more long, terrible. Purely piano, while it is nice by itself, is terrible for an OST. It also feels out of place or poorly paced in areas. For instance you'll be in a town but the piano piece in the background will sound as if it's more for use in combat than it is a peaceful village setting. It just doesn't fit and becomes extremely repetitive with only one instrument in use which cheapens the experience overall.Then there's the combat. I love the older final fantasy games but here it feels like they had the right idea in terms of combat but did not refine it or polish it to make things more discernable such as which character you're currently using and which character you're issuing commands for. There's also very little feedback in choosing attacks or ""techs."" I often find myself confused or having to spend a split second that I wouldn't otherwise need to do, checking the game's poor UI to see which character is being used.The combat is cumbersome primarily due to the UI and lack of feedback(Where you're given virtually no audio or visual feedback when you choose an action or switch to a character). Then there's the momentum system which is so very ineffective. It amounts to being a QTE where you have to press the appropriate button at a specific time to take advantage of ""momentum."" If you miss the action to use your abilitie's ""momentum"" it's almost a wasted attack or wasted mana(For instance using Wall and wanting to use ""Wall"" on everyone but you miss the momentum modifier, you've basically wasted a turn and the mana cost for the ability). There's no reason why it couldn't have simply been a button you press like RB or LB before choosing the action and then using it to attack with the modifier taking effect. It makes combat feel much more complicated than it needed to be.The poor momentum mechanics and the poor UI make playing I am Setsuna with ATB set to active a chore and not very enjoyable. This is coming from someone who is used to and thoroughly enjoys the older yet, apparently, superior combat of previous games. I would go as far as to say even Final Fantasy X, my least favourite FF, is far superior to what we're left with in I am Setsuna.The major issue, however, is the plot, characters and writing. It's not great. I want to love the game, I want to really enjoy what they're going for but every step of the way there seems to be some flaw either in plot, writing or mind boggingly stupid character decisions. For instance, at the very start of the game you're tasked with killing Setsuna so she doesn't finish her pilgrimage. You find her, get stopped from proceeding with your mission and then, for no reason other than a ""feeling"", Setsuna begs everyone to forgive you and have you join her as a guardian because she ""has a feeling."" Immediately after this Setsuna warms up to you, asking you to bring her and you alone to the place you were going to assassinate her so she can pray. This takes place presumably not even an hour after you tried assassinating her. It just doesn't make any sense.Then you have some characters you feel you immediately want to like but find yourself really struggling to tollerate them as soon as they start interacting with you. Your first companion other than Setsuna is, quite simply, stupid. She's so poorly written, almost as poorly written as Setsuna herself. The additional character you come across is no better, Nidr. I think he repeats the same line three times each time you interact with him ""Y'got me there. Haha!"" The characters are poorly written and very shallow especially Setsuna and the main character who seems to only have two options each time he's asked a question which often fall under the lines or emo reply of ""I don't care, I'm a bad♥♥♥♥♥ yadda, yadda, yadda."" or a question of some sort. I don't peg the game down for giving you the illusion of an option in dialogue, it adds to a unique and more involving feeling when playing games like this, but here it's used far too much. In previous games such as FF9 you'd have an option every now and then to add a bit of personality to the character you're playing but in I am Setsuna, it's used in almost every interaction with no impact what so ever and very poorly written responses by NPCs.For €40 I just can't see it being worth the money. Many people outside of the EU can get the game legitimately much cheaper($32) for the launch week. For $32 it might be okay if you really want a taste of nostalgia and don't have your expectations set too high but for €40 this isn't worth it. It feels far too cheap an option for what you're paying and it really bogs down the experience. I would be fine if this was under a steep budget and this was the reason for the short comings, but if you're making a budget game and making the best of it, there's no reason to treat it as a €40 title when it's more €30 max(And only if you really want to play another JRPG for nostalgia purposes).If you really want a JRPG more in line with older JRPGs this might scratch that nostalgia driven itch but even at that, you may feel it's a bit too steep at €40 to invest in a game that lasts 15-20 hours from all reports. Personally, I've made my bed and I'll probably end up finishing the game but it's definitely not worth the initial asking price. On sale for €20 or maybe €30 it might be worth it. If you're just curious about the title wait for a deep sale as there's better out there and you'll get much more enjoyment replaying cheaper and older games like Final Fantasy 7, 8 or 9 available on STEAM."
76561198094902770,Recommended,441830,24411404,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Aeternus,I am a Gundam.
,Not Recommended,441830,24447104,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,dollmaker74,I cannot recommend this game. Horrible combat interface.Boring. Not near as good as some old JRPG's.
76561198008823735,Not Recommended,441830,24417835,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Teptosterone,"Controller not working.  It's 2016, and Square can't get the coding right to get the controller to work properly.  Seems like their getting really complacent with their quality control.  Have to rate it down just for the fact that I can't even play the game because of the controller issue."
,Not Recommended,441830,24418571,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,[CB]Eipher,"***UPDATE***I have found that if I turn the controller off, start the game up, select new game/load game, then turn the controller on, it works.  This doesn't change anything I said below, but I can at least run the game now.***/UPDATE***This is the third game from SquareEnix I have tried on PC in the last week.  Every one has controller issues ranging from annoying (Final Fantasy III requiring a restart from a stuck forward input), to unplayable (Final Fantasy XIII controller input completely dying with each new menu), to the complete catastrophe that is I am Setsuna.Neither keyboard or controller input is accepted past the initial ""press any key"" prompt, besides directional input, making the game not just unplayable, but unstartable.  The directional input, by the way, does not even have an input delay after first press.  Which would make navigating menus a pain I'd imagine.  I say imagine because, again, I am literally incapable of starting the game.This is an absolute travesty, and a complete QA failure on SquareEnix's part.  For god's sake, even when it's a Unity game, they somehow manage to screw up basic input handling."
,Recommended,441830,24413798,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,AgroRoza,"Хорошая классическая jRPG с очень классной музыкой. Интересный сюжет и персонажи, красивая графика и окружение.Будьте внимательны, если используете джойстик от Xbox One, вероятнее всего будут проблемы с ним.Попробуйте в свойствах джойстика переставить драйвер с Xbox Controller на Xbox One Controller. Если последнего нет - спасает какой-то минорный апдейт Win10, либо же надо в интернете искать файл ""XboxOnePCDriversx64"" (или 86 для 32 разрядной системы). Ссылка на скачку есть в английской версии отзыва. Может быть вирус в файле,♥♥♥♥♥♥ не проверял, юзайте на свой страх и риск.Nice classic JRPG with perfect music.But guys, be aware of Xbox one controller, it need some brain♥♥♥♥ to fix a problem and play.I download that driver""http://mjr.mn/XboxOnePCDriversx64""and it work. This driver are included in one of many win10 update, but much people (and me) do not recieve that update."
,Recommended,441830,24412585,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Scorching Ember,Don't get it on PC the controls are so ♥♥♥♥ed just get it on the consoles
76561198005373263,Not Recommended,441830,28332009,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,alias0908,Months after release its still not playable with Xbox1 controller...refunded
76561197966052551,Not Recommended,441830,24417147,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Nanoha,"Can't Recommend in current state due to♥♥♥♥♥♥poor performance of this port:* No mouse control at all.* Forced vsync, which seems to work badly on top of that.Mainly problem 2 is causing a major problem since i sit at 13-15fps on a 980ti for no appearent reason at all, neither fullscreen nor windowed mode fixes problem. Refund until patched/fixed and might then consider buying it again."
76561197995741415,Not Recommended,441830,24419630,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Teromous,I lost all progress in the game because it never actually saved anything. After playing for about an hour I made sure to save the game at a save point before using the exit game option and when I came back to continue the game I found out that I had no save files. All of my progress is gone.
76561198012989675,Not Recommended,441830,24419110,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,joshzlevine,"If you are using an XBox One Wireless Controller, I can't recommend this game right now.  The game will not work with this controller.  Apparently, a lot of people are suffering the same problem I am.  Until this is fixed, the game is unplayable."
76561197984548831,Not Recommended,441830,24417313,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Wicasawakan,"I've never paid $40 for a game that immediately crashed, doesn't give loot drops and freezes as soon as I open the first treasure chest. If this ever works, I'll give a better review but this BS is aggrivating."
76561198167411394,Not Recommended,441830,24434021,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,W8lifts,"Controller support is garbage, gave up. Refund POS"
76561198032001566,Not Recommended,441830,24417853,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Mou,"I wanted to like this.  I waited for months for this game to come out. It's not worth 40 dollars. Wait for it to be on sale.My main problem is the soundtrack.  I love piano, but all the tracks are only in piano and as a result none of the tracks stand out to me."
,Not Recommended,441830,24417242,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,sammy,I dont know what to say. Its like that long time celebrity crush that you always wanted to bone. And you finally get the change. Except you find out right before it had aids.I couldnt even get the game to register my xb1 controller other than the stick and d pad. Nor would it register my keyboard in kb mode. The constant stuck in the menu because the game doesnt understand input is terrible.Im not even sure how this made it past QA.I still want to play it. But ill wait till its on sale and has a few hot fixes in place.
76561198054225498,Not Recommended,441830,24432058,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Dummy,Can't use Xbox One controller.Won't change the review untill they fix it.
,Not Recommended,441830,30648254,Posted: 21 March,all,seisdoseis,"I have not even finished yet. I played for a few hours on launch. Got a bit dissapointed. The game doesn't seem bad, but its also lacking a bit of magic - purely subjective."
76561198094427887,Not Recommended,441830,35083613,Posted: 20 September,all,MooSoYoo,"Music is Okay, and the graphics look good, but it's always snow and ice... why?The Story may be lost in translation... but it's not all too touching, and so far I am getting the same old story over and over for 4.6 hours.I don't get the story,I don't get why people are joining up,Maybe I should play this till the end, but the story is so frustrating...So different from FF series, or Legend of Heroes, I feel no purpose...Down vote for Square Enix, not one of their best games."
,Not Recommended,441830,24419716,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Pink Fluffy Bear,"""Ikenie To Yuki No Setsuna"" announcement? Whoa, hype! I hope this game get English localization.They localize it as ""I am Setsuna""? Cool, I'll buy it on launch.SE refuse to release on Vita because they didn't think that Vita on western is dead so they release it on PC instead?Why not? I prefer to play on Vita but at least I got my English localization.**Skip to pre-order it after steam page is up**Now I will be a good boy and wait until I can download it.**When I'm writing this review**♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥and ♥♥♥♥ you SE and you deserve special place in hell.I can't play it, there's no soundtrack on game directory, and you won't release it on Vita.I'll change my review immediately after they patch it and give my pre-ordered soundtrack."
,Not Recommended,441830,30750307,Posted: 26 March,all,Runetalos,"This is no Chrono Trigger.  It takes all the worst parts of old jrpgs and innovates very little.  I have played so many old school jrpgs that I am the dead center of the target audience for this game...1.) Save points.  Back in the day I was GOOD at remembering to save, but nowadays it is done automatically.  It is the worst losing progress because you forgot to save before approaching some rare optional monster.2.) The characters don't have feet.  I guess they only had enough memory for animating the rest of the characters, so... no feet!  Problem solved.3.) The battle system is fair but I don't like the character progression system.  A ""Flux"" sometimes randomly occurs and can power up the skill you were using.  Randomness is not fun.4.) The plot is a less complicated FFX."
,Not Recommended,441830,25858055,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Thom,No
76561198092573192,Not Recommended,441830,24415215,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,koinzell,Its a really heavy restricted gameWith the illusion of the main character having 2 choices per dialogue which changes nothing in the forced square enixbrain dead stereotypical story and a really annoying generic unlikable characters that you've seen in a load of other square enix gamesWhen giving me a choice featureMake sure that it can have impact on the story to give my choice more meaningNot a story where every one dimensional character has to drags me into a linear ploteven after iv said noThe battle system is just grind and spam the attack and heal option when you reach low healthyou can do tag attacks with some characters if both characters turn meters hits its limitssimilar to chrono triggerBeautiful musicThe snow is nice to look at and that's about it.
,Not Recommended,441830,24420455,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Depol,Boring fighting mechanics.Boring Story.Boring Soundtrack.Too Expensive for its content.Buy Child of Light instead.
76561197974020892,Not Recommended,441830,26511979,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Dirty Waffle,I wish I could have started this game... but with the lack of controller support I can't get this game to work with neither a PS4 controller and a xbox one controller. Since ive wasted 40 bucks and have not been able to play it.. I do not reccomend it to anyone!
,Not Recommended,441830,24414869,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Ruenzuo,"Release a game on 2016Without Xbox One Wireless ControllerAre you even trying?Fix this, fix this fast."
76561198057119489,Not Recommended,441830,24411043,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,oro,So you guys tested the game on keyboard only yes? fix this♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,441830,30414522,Posted: 9 March,all,-Meatwad/Essex-,A beautiful JRPG that captures the magic of the classics with a touching story of friendship and sacrifice. Controller definitely recommended.
,Recommended,441830,27898071,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ERNIE,consshort gamefew sidequestsvery linearprosgood gameplayno bugsawesome musicgets my weaboo fix
,Recommended,441830,27898496,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Yeezus Escobar,"Great old JRPG. Normaly, im not a fan, but this one is really good."
76561197960842498,Recommended,441830,27736276,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Emohobo,Closest game to date that reminds me of chrono trigger not by story bhut by battle system. Great game.
,Recommended,441830,27586123,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,{AutoTrolls}OptiMeMePrime,so good. it really brings back a nestalgia for what an RPG should be. if you grew up playing PS1 RPGs please give this game a try. surprisingly deep story but very easy to follow. a very chrono trigger feel. amazing game.
76561198081963796,Recommended,441830,27910948,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ichi0915,Great game with very good gameplay mechanics in the style of chrono trigger and awesome story.
,Recommended,441830,27526973,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,MrBlack,"For those complaining that the Xbox 1 controller doesn't work, just plug it in. Works like a charm and all you need is a usb cable.Other than that, so far so good."
,Recommended,441830,27426168,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dead Magic Woman,love the classic RPG approach.this is brings back the real rpg feeling.i really recommend it.
76561197990448195,Recommended,441830,27340835,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,WillShit,"Early part of game is ""thrown at ya"".I mean, I would have enjoyed a smoother getting into the game.I will update when I play more."
76561197978465083,Recommended,441830,27328070,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Eradan,I love the art in this game. I hope to see more from the Tokyo RPG Factory!
76561197972479887,Recommended,441830,27251239,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DutchDammo,Great old school game ! Although it doesn't have deep gameplay like old school RPG's.Still fun to play and it has a low price.
76561198052404717,Recommended,441830,27410113,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Slay,"Great old school feel, the story is nothing new to the JRPG genre, but it isn't bad either. It will keep your attention enough to want to finish the game. The game also has some replay value as you can't collect everything in one playthrough, certain side quests and items unlock once the game is beaten. I recommend this game to fans of JRPGs and old school fans, worth a buy imo."
,Recommended,441830,26934050,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,H3X4D3C1M4L,"A nice trip back to turnbased JRPGs. I love this,"
,Recommended,441830,26902041,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,sstyodwi,"So far, I Am Setsuna is pretty amazing game.This is all i need for a game, i forget when the last time i enjoy good Jrpg and I Am Setsuna brings it all back to my memories. The lovely music and decent combat, i need games like this. Bring back the old good days of JRPG and i will not ask anything anymore."
76561198076315968,Recommended,441830,26739164,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Faul,"This is a very good RPG. Very good story and amazing regarding the art department. PC games lack this kind of execution. The only flaw to me was the accessory interface, due to the sheer number of accessories swapping them among characters was annoying. The skill advancement system is very innovative and very nice, but requires you to swap the accessories so the system is nice but extracting most of it requires a lot of work due to a poor accessory interface. But the game doesn't require you to advance your skills perfectly it's just annoying for those that like the play to perfection style.The system allows the player to cleverly overcome trash late game without incurring into other problems. This is useful if you need farming but no on boss fights simply spamming a skill or two won't get the job done, despite what other reviews here are saying. Also the items dropped depends on how you kill the monster, which element was used, if it was an exact kill or an overkill, if the monster was debuffed. So in order to spend less time farming and redoing boss fights to get the necessary drops to obtain a certain ability a player cannot rely on a single ability, specially Endir's which also will lead to severe money problems. So while it's possible, early spamming of Endir's or the slightly better Blowbeat combo will probably lead players into money problems or the lack of key abilities to overcome certain boss fights."
,Recommended,441830,27691157,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Jay,"The pros of this game -- touted as a spiritual successor to Chrono Trigger -- far outweigh the cons!  First off, the story is well thought out and while it reminds me of Final Fantasy X (Setsuna is a lot like Yuna in wanting to see the good in everyone but not afraid to fight) in some ways, it's an enjoyable little game.  It's not a very long game and the battles get repetitive after a while but it's still an enjoyable game.  My biggest con with the game is that it does enjoy crashing every now and again.Otherwise, if you liked Chrono Trigger and its sequel Chrono Cross, you might just find yourself enjoying this game."
76561198045557779,Recommended,441830,27785954,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ShmittlesThePoe,"So, I just finished playing this game a few hours ago. I really liked it.Very cute, very charming, lovely scenery, interesting world, solid game mechanics, enjoyable characters, and of course, excellent music. It's pretty much got everything, but it's all on small scale, and intentionally so. It's not some grand, epic adventure like most RPGs try to be. It's a very humble game, consistently so throughout pretty much all of its characteristics. All the aesthetics are kept simple, but because of that, everything can pretty much look exactly as its designers want them to look like and doesn't need to press against any modern graphical limits. The basis of the plot is a fairly well-established scenario, nothing huge or groundbreaking, but because the central idea is so well established these days, it draws more attention to the more subtle details of how it goes about playing it out. The music is kept very simple, only a piano throughout the whole game. Normally, I'd express doubts about limiting an entire games score to a single instrument, but the piano music that plays throughout the entire game so perfectly expresses both the immediate and overall tone of the game's events, as well as represents the games scope and the quality with which it meets that scope. It's because this game, in so many of its aspects, modestly doesn't try to puff itself up as a big deal, that its so easy for us players to accept the game for what it is and see it's more subtle, charming characteristics shine through."
76561198013527563,Recommended,441830,24540858,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,dolmaKALEM,"It's a short, fun JRPG.Just don't expect anything from the combat system, i killed the last boss with 3 hits, it's highly unbalanced. Game is pretty easy.Music is great, graphics are stylish, characters and story are decent. All around decent JRPG game. If you don't mind giving this kind of money for 15-20 hours gameplay, buy it."
76561198042443132,Recommended,441830,24541071,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Bloodwolf Leone,"This game is great, its a short (20 hour) JRPG that calls back and refrences all over the place classic games like Chrono Trigger and FFX. The combat is fun has has an overwhelming amount of variiance with Duel and Triple techs. I highly recommend this if you want something story driven with great pacing."
76561198042573202,Recommended,441830,24599504,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,HaZe,"Ok, let me get something out of the way first, i finished this game on my wife's account and now starting it on my own account. Now on to my review.Please note that is based on my own thoughts, make your own by playing the game, do NOT let this or any other review decide for you.I'll write down the pros and cons about it to make it easier for everyone.PROS:- Classic JRPG system, the thing i love most in any RPG game.- The world art is really beautiful.- Piano soundtracks are amazing and calming.- Great story.- Fun and a beautiful game even though it was made with a really low budget.- The characters are NOT annoying! < That's a big thing to me.- A variety of skills and the system was not complicated and easy to understand.- The game is not hard or too easy, sorta in between.There are many things i would love to add but the others did well covering them.CONS:- Not that much to do in the open world.- No encounters in the open world.- Most of the fights can be won by spamming the same thing over and over if the player want to cut through things fast.- In order to learn things you need to go the vendors and chose ask for advice, this might trouble people but to me it's not bad or good, whatever i guess? so i'll just let you decide yourself.Pretty much these are the cons in my opinion, even though it might not be a problem for many so again, decide yourself by playing the game.Overall i'll give the game 8/10! Worth the money i spend twice on it."
,Recommended,441830,24524522,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,bleaK,Fantastic game with a beautiful storyline.Feels like playing Chrono Trigger all over again for the first time sort of.
,Recommended,441830,24625152,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Bigneptune,"I am Setsuna is a good throwback to the RPG's of the SNES area and like everyone else has mentioned already borrows heavily from Chrono Trigger.In a nutshell this game can be summed up as follows: If you grew up playing JRPG's you will enjoy this game, even at a $40 pricetag I felt I got my moneys worth by the time I was finished. That being said the game poses almost no challenge even with the optional bosses in the ""post-game"", you will find a party/spritnite combo you enjoy the most and abuse it to the point where any enemy is trivial. Almost laughably so. I encountered a few bugs here but none of them halted my progress or crashed my game. There is enough twists with each character and the overall plot to make it enjoyable and I would recommend this game to any JRPG fan who is looking for something to scratch that itch.A solid 7/10 and I can't wait to see what's next from Tokyo RPG Factory."
,Recommended,441830,24416900,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,The One True Griff,"UPDATED REVIEW.First off, let me clarify something that in my opinion is a little misleading. Contrary to what the localized trailer might make you believe, to my knowledge, there is NO english voice acting in this game. All of the voice acting I've encountered is in combat and it's all in Japanese.Now that we've gotten that out of the way.Pros:-Great art style. reminiscent of Chrono Cross  and Final Fantasy IX-Clever references to golden age JRPGs. Theres a pretty blatant visual reference to FFVI pretty early on, and it was hella satisfying.-The Soundtrack. The music is absolutley beautiful, but I both love and hate it. Will clarify under cons.-The Combat. It's literally Chrono Trigger combat. If you haven't played that game, then what are you doing here? Go do that. Now.Cons:-Feels a bit manipulative at times. Breaks a lot of show don't tell rules. Everyone is telling me how I'm supposed to feel about Setsuna before I even meet her. Thumbs down on that one.-The Soundtrack. Ok, so the soundtrack is beautiful, but I feel like it doesn't always work with what's happening in the game. The instrumentation is all piano. It feels like they should have added some different timbres of instruments in there to add some color. Just my opinion-Some of the animation is a little awkward. Especially in the combat. Beautifully drawn, not so beautifully animated.-No english voice acting. No subs for the Japanese voicing. Seriously, just turn voices off. It's distracting.-Repetitive environments.-Repetitive enemies-Occasional bugs and glitchesVerdict:Gets a bit repetitive after awhile, and the combat isn't quite as fun and satisfying as Chrono Trigger. Also feels kind of Pander-y. However, I happen to love all of the games that this one is clearly trying to be, so sign me up for more. 7/10"
76561197990763698,Recommended,441830,24657940,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,ChunkySaurus,"This is a bit of wasted potential. It comes across like a hybrid of Final Fantasy 10 and Chrono Trigger. The setup is pretty good and so were the promises.  In the end, I found the game squandered the potential and came out mediocre.  I don't regret playing it through to the end, but it could have been so much better.I would still recommend it, just to support the studio.  I like what Tokyo RPG Factory is trying to do, I just want them to do it better next time. Maybe they should game back and replay some of those old games they want to emulate, I know I will be,"
76561197971371720,Recommended,441830,24479652,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,PANPANDA,"I have been a JRPG fan since the release of GameBoy platform, but I cant rid of myself from thinking that games aren't good as the old classic ones. Well, its a mediocre overall, and if you were a JRPG fan then try a go for it."
,Recommended,441830,24486683,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Estoton,Some issues with difficulty being way too low at endgame.  Most fights could be cleared by abusing a single powerful aoe with momentum and tech power fluxes which made the great amount of customization you can do with your characters feel kinda useless.One annoying thing was the lack of a world map it was hard to tell if I found all the little hidden islands and stuff. There was also no minimap available  in dungeons and towns but I found it fun to just draw my own maps (haven't done that in ages) but I understand that it won't be enjoyable for everyone.Story was okay but I feel like the game was missing some character bonding moments as it was just constantly pushing the story forward as fast as possible.Still an enjoyable experience overall.
76561198007858449,Recommended,441830,24486558,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,WrathOfRa,"This is a great game, excellent writing that we did not see in a Square-Enix game for a long time, the heavy themes are really felt trough the all-piano soundtrack(AMAZING) and the all-snowy world(does not bother me), not a long game but i found it perfect for this story. There is some balancing issues with combat, no world map is an issue but I did'nt really need it to find secrets on the overworld so no drama.Even with all its inspirations pretty clear the game still feels like its own thing. I recommend it for every fan of old school JRPG and I'm eager to see the futur of Tokyo RPG Factory.."
76561198015604413,Recommended,441830,24493673,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Zugustaz,"This game does have a great story. It shares what Chrono Trigger had in it's map style, combat system, and story telling. However it just lacks the meat to make it close to as good as Chrono Trigger. The quests were fairly straight forward and often too easy.  I would of happily paid $19.99 for this game.I still have to give it a thumbs up though, it was a great story even for the thin plots it had."
,Recommended,441830,24522616,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Gamingdevotee,"Honestly my opinions on this game aren't anything new probably, but after finishing I have to say it is incredibly refreshing and is quite honestly one of the games that does throwbacks to older games well. You can easily tell there is a lot of love that went into making this and should they make a sequel to this game it will probably be considered very highly.That being said the game does have its issues which I will cover in this review for anybody who wants an honest opinion of what to expect. First of all let me list the Pros and Cons of the game.Pros- Fun battle system- Great artwork, a very pretty game- Great music, a very good soundtrack- Likeable characters- A deep love of the genre- Can have challenges that force you to rethink your strategies so you cannot just steamrollCons- No multiple endings- Setsuna is a little bit boring as a character- No new game+- Rather short and very little extra content outside of a few sidequests- Difficulty spikes can be sudden and can in some cases feel a little too suprising.These are a few notes I feel are important to point out. The game overall is very good, I would easily give it around an 8/10 as it has a lot going for it and a lot of potential for sequels. I would say that it also does capture the feel of old-school games very well, at least it felt very much like it did and I would recommend it. Don't expect a perfect game though as there are a few problems here and there that could use a good tweak or two.I did enjoy it quite a bit and found it quite enticing to play through from start to finish. So I would say that if you like the genre and like old-school games that feel like a bit of a blast from the past then give it a look, I would say it is very much worth it.And for the record levels do increase your stats."
,Recommended,441830,24495112,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Elysium,"Final tales of trigger 10?So far, the game is good, it's pretty and it's nice.Comfortable if you're an old school JRPG'er.The plots is final fantasy 10. Like.. So far, it is almost an exact replica,without the sin part and Zanarkand.Basically, you become a guardian, for a woman who sacrifices herself...To give the world peace for a short while?Ofcourse, I'm not that far in yet, but when I met the fourth party member,a guardian of one of the preceeding 'sacrifices', who is experienced, wieldsa huge sword and is trying to 'mentor' my main character.. The comparisonjust got -too- obvious.Anyway, yeah, it's fun, relaxing... I like it."
76561198119124470,Recommended,441830,24495399,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,RadiumEvans,"I enjoyed the game. The combat was fun and the story was interesting. Though there were a few down sides to the game:The music, though beautiful, is very lacking; it is solely piano the whole time. I simply found myself wanting a bit more from the soundtrack.The battles are easy. Even the side or end bosses will not offer you much of a challenge; haste breaks everything.The game is short. Really short. I took my time running around, flying from area to area to try and find locked chests/side quests and still beat it in less than 20 hours.The game ends with a few things unresolved so it feels a little unfinished.All and all, I found myself running back to my pc to finish the game since I was having fun the whole time."
76561198258727323,Recommended,441830,24495951,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Vsyche7,"I am Setsuna probably the only RPG that I have managed to complete till the end for the last few years.While there are players who complained about the lack of depth in the equipment system or the so-called character development (mind you that even in CT or recent popular games like GTAV, there is no such thing as character development either.)However, the story is intruiging enough to let me keep playing. And as the game continues on, there will be a step in difficulty if you do not start gathering appropriate Spritnite or adopt various tactics to the battle.The game main flaw is also its strength, it's complexity.Talisman = They do not only provides you with slots, they also offer bonus and Fluxes which you can equip on Tech whenever it allows you to. Eg. Use Crit Rate Talisman and using momentum attack will have a random chance allowing you to equip the Crit rate buff at the end of battle.Combo list = Can be checked under Snow ChroniclesSprinites = Instead of relying on mostly offensive techs, make your own combination suitable for your characters. Eg. For Endir, I gave him Megalith, Enigma, Unlimited, Laplace, Bifrost and Commanding Wave just for the non-tech Sprites. Whenever Unlimited procs with either Laplace or Bifrost, watch how Endir just massacre any bosses, even the true form last boss. Gagnrath+Enigma+Commanding Wave+etc = good for characters with strong Combo move (combine with Talisman that gives you chance to flux Combo power?)There are probably other combination suitable for different characters like how Nidr is obviously designed to be a tank with Sprinites Bait and the new weapon Unlocked after clearing the boss etcetc.Overall, it is a very decently made game if you are willing to look deeper into the game and ...grind to get those sprinites.If there are any bad points on this game, I do not feel it on my 33 hours. Recommended for players who are looking for a beautiful, grinding and simple-yet-complex JRPG games."
76561198061044820,Recommended,441830,24662392,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,big_wags14775,"I would recommend this game, but with a few grains of salt. I'll get those out of the way first, before I explain why I recommend this.- Not exactly an orginal story. You, as the protagonist, meet a young woman who must go on a pilgrimage to sacrifice herself to save the land from evil. Along the way, you build up a fellowship of companions to act as her bodyguards. Sound familiar?- The combat is a bit unbalanced. Unless you're fighting bosses or spritnite monsters (f*** those guys), most battles can be won pretty easily, especially with the right combination of techs and equipment. This especially true after you start equipping your party with some form of healing fluxes. You can then just start spamming AoE attacks on the enemy and instantly regain most, if not all, of your party's lost health.- No impact from the choices you make in the game. There are so many times in-game where you are presented with choices with dialogue options ranging from just remarking on the situation at-hand, to two widely opposing decisions on how to resolve a conflict. Unfortunately, these matter don't matter in the slightest, and all lead to the same result. I'm still playing ATM, but from reading reviews, there's only one choice that has any true consequence (I have my theories on this), I just wish with so many choices, that there was at least SOME impact made in the game.Okay, now onto why I personally liked, and would recommend, this game.- The characters. Yeah, I know not everyone liked them. And I know that you could easily describe them as just ""copy and paste RPG characters"", especially with some of their backstories, but I grew to like them, and have endeared myself to them, even some of the NPCs.- The music. Again, another of point of contention, since its composed of a solo piano track, but I'm a huge sucker for piano, especially the soft pieces that play during the game. Now thats not to say you will enjoy the track, and indeed, there are some I find irritating, which can be annoying considering the track seems to play the same tune for specific locations and events. Even so, I still liked it for most part.- Nostalgia. This is the one that'll probably reel most people in (its what got me), and its I Am Setsuna's main selling point. I haven't played a good, old-school RPG like this in a LONG time, so its good to see a game like this come along, and do a good job of it too.ConclusionI Am Setsuna would make a great sland-alone RPG. However, the problem comes from the fact that a lot of its core elements are borrowed/influenced by several other high-profile RPGs, which isn't necessaily bad, but it acts like a crutch for I Am Setsuna. I would still very much recommend this game, especially to those who are huge fans of RPGs or JRPGs, but I would probably wait for a sale to kick in."
76561198167037842,Recommended,441830,25066756,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,MagiaErebea,"It is pretty nice albeit a bit short for the given price of the game... but definitely for a simple RPG-style game, this game is pretty good."
76561198189086879,Not Recommended,441830,25103139,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,bean🌱,wont save : )))))
76561197970532758,Recommended,441830,26261401,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,soapy_jack23,"Inredible, haben't had this same feeling from a game since snes days. Must buy for jrpg fans!"
,Recommended,441830,25961009,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,completeignorance,"I'll say that if you are looking for an old-school JRPG to play, then this game is for you.If you are expecting an adventure of an extremely grand scale like Chrono Cross or Final Fantasy, I would say that a lack of a budget in this game is fairly apparent. This becomes readily apparent in that many assets are reused.The whole world is covered in snow and some may get sick of it. I on the other hand did not. There is some artistic value in that they stick to a motif of snow and it has a deep symbolic value which becomes apparent as you progress throughout the story line.The price is steep but I would gladly pay it for a studio that shows such great potential."
,Recommended,441830,26066397,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Junkwisch,"One of the best JRPG on steam. Beautiful music and story, Nevertheless the game could have been longer as well as harder"
,Recommended,441830,25613601,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Prince Mercury,"It's not Chrono Trigger, and it's certainly not better than Chrono Trigger, but if you love that game and are in the mood for something a bit more dour, something that puts solitude ahead of swashbuckling -- and you don't mind a lot of snow and piano music -- I highly recommend this.The fluxation system, which is the biggest change this game makes to what Chrono Trigger did in terms of the combat system, isn't made clear in the game itself -- you have to read up on it in the menus, and start experimenting and combining and find ways to use more magic to get more fluxes. If that doesn't sound like your cup of tea, you might miss a lot of what makes this game great."
76561198094664299,Recommended,441830,25655552,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Swamp Monster,This game is absolutely awesome! Need more like this!
,Recommended,441830,25628220,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,tempestmichael,"If you like games like Chrono Trigger and Final Fantasy, this game will fill a void in your heart that you've been waiting for something to fill since the 90's.It's everything you want in a turn based RPG.Don't listen to the negative nancies..so what if it's similar to other RPG's stories we've loved over the years.That's what's making me enjoy it so much.It's good because it's like the classics :)"
76561198150677045,Recommended,441830,28533202,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Akinoken,"Admittedly, I was apprehensive about getting this game, at first. With how it advertises itself as a love-letter to JRPG's, I was concerned it would be too derevitive to hold my interest. However, I'm glad to say I was proved wrong. Though it certianly calls back to older games I've played before, it holds a certain charm that's all it's own. Individually, each aspect of the game can be said to be a bit generic. The combat system is like some later titles of Final Fantasy, the writing isn't superb, and the music is essentially on par with similar titles. However, together, these things create something that's rather charming, which the art style only helps to add to. I have yet to finish the game to know for certain how invested I am in it, but I really like where it's going. Here's hoping things continue along this positive trend!"
76561198131796305,Recommended,441830,28526297,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Wegetor,"Ok, I try to make it short:Awesome retro style jrpg with well known turn based combat system.Beautiful graphics, AWESOME music and interesting story line.BUT:I finished this game 2! times within 5 days. I decided to play it a second time just with the main char because the game was just way too easy for me to enjoy it the normal way.So long story short: Definitely would recommend buying this although the overall play time is really, really short for the amount of money you spend on this game. But it still is worth it somehow."
76561198030384775,Not Recommended,441830,28541660,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,brainchewer,"CONS:I couldn't quite finish this game.  I got to the final dungeon, went a ways without finding a save point, got killed by 3 of the dinosaur thingies, and rage quit.  The game is really easy for most of the game, but hit massive difficulty spikes that were out of place and not fun.  The game systems were poorly explained, and was missing a lot of features that I consider standard for modern RPGs (auto-save, sell all buttons, clearly designed tutorials, etc.)  For instance, it was REALLY difficult to figure out which spritnite to equip in order to enable combos.  Why...?  The story was also not very well written or fleshed out.  It felt like a super dumbed down version, and poorly written version at that, of the Final Fantasy X story.  That wouldn't be a bad thing as I really like that game, but the fact that it had no soul made the story an afterthought.PROS:The music and visuals were very solid, although they had a 3DS RPG vibe to them, which for being on PC didn't look all that good as far as character models are concerned.  There was a good variety of skills available, although at the end of the game I just spammed fire 2 and cyclone (which you get at the very beginning of the game, btw) and killed all of the end game trash enemies (except the afforementioned dinosaurs).VERDICT:Overall, I am on the fence on whether this game is something someone should play or not, and I am going on the negative side.  If you want to play a game like this, go with the original and play Chrono Trigger, or pick up Final Fantasy VI or something on Steam, but I would say this one could be skipped."
,Recommended,441830,28491958,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Spookychief,"Fantastic game that, like many have said, is a call back to yesteryears RPG greatness. Great characters, music and the art is spot on. Games like this doing so well in the RPG genre is proof that an older method of game design still works brillaintly today. Defiantly worth a buy at whatever price its available at."
76561198075678919,Recommended,441830,28014674,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,eavencanwait,I am Setsuna cross character combo kind of remind the same mechanic with Chrono Trigger but this is where its resemblance stop. The story doesn't have the same depth due to the fact that there is not as many endings and the choice you make doesn't seem to affect the story in anyways. Story of I am Setsuna is still good even if it doesn't have many endings. The game is a bit too easy and the only ''challenge'' come from the few facultative end game monsters you can hunt for a little bit more lore and sprinite. I am Setsuna does have a nice mellow sound track and pretty water colored graphic. All in all i would recommend the game if you like this kind of game but DO NOT expect an other Chrono Trigger and see it as a game of his own.
76561198045840388,Recommended,441830,28011156,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,seyfert17,"This game as many element from chrono trigger and final fantasy mixed in a blender and distilled to perfection. The music is a cavalcade of superb piano music. The snow effect and the setting make it different enough that i rather enjoyed the game, even if i feel a little bit of rpg boredom sometime. So if i were to give it a note id say 8/10."
,Recommended,441830,28176767,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Fly,"A great homage to JRPG's of yesteryear.This does include some of their faults, the primary one being save points (rather than an autosave state). This makes the game a little hard to pick up and put down as progress will be lost. ---- EDIT: ignore this, you can save from overworld map... can't belive I forgot this was a thingOverall great atmosphone thou and I will persist with it."
,Recommended,441830,28282491,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,SleepyGuy,"Well this game is quite great for me. Playing this game i got lot good time with adventuring game. But lately I got lot of bugs, such as the game stop in the middle of battle or when i wanna triggering momentum mode it isnt triggered. Dunno why though... Need halp"
,Recommended,441830,28251607,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,ThunderStormSJ,"I've been playing the game for 24 hours now so probably I'm half way through it finishes. I cannot say it's such a brilliant game and it's nowhere near chrono trigger. The storyline started off really good but somehow declines later on, there is no development with the characters.  It's a good game and the music is nice but the playthrough could have been much better...I don't know there are elements that are lacking and it has not been brought forward. When I bought this game I thought there is voice acting unfortunately, there isn't and hello it's 2016 nearly 2017 now...Games should have voice in it. YOu could diregard it if it's released on portable devices vita nintendo or like ios or androinds but it's released on steam and ps4.  It's a jrpg and it could have been better but somehow it didn't meet my expectation. The turn based system is good and the chrono trigger battle gameplay element is there as well as the world map style. It's a beautiful game but like I said, it could have been better.The graphics is good.Beautful music thoughGameplay is like chrono trigger"
,Recommended,441830,28308522,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,RickGastly,This is an enjoyable RPG but also a very short game. I completed the game after about 30 hours but I think most people would complete it sooner. I found the location and small number of save points a bit frustrating since some battles were very tough and lead to the game over screen. The lack of voice acting surprised me since this game was released in 2016. I enjoyed the game very much nonetheless and I would recommend the game to others.
76561197991117432,Recommended,441830,27995067,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,snowman667,"I Have really enjoyed what little of this game i have played, I feel like this is a great nostalgia trip through the past of the JRPG. Anyone that enjoyed chrono trigger's game play and atmosphere will enjoy this game.con: i have not played much of it due to my xbox one controller causing the controls in this game to not function. I emailed squaie enix and they stated they are aware of the issue - no estimated time on an update or if a fix is in the works.I ended up buying an 8bitdo snes wireless game pad, i have to disconnect my xbox controller from the computer in order to play but at lest the snes style controler allows me to play the game, and it's pretty cool too."
76561198149677929,Recommended,441830,33212032,Posted: 3 July,all,Armel,bewitching. beautiful. alluring.must buy !
76561198068192826,Recommended,441830,33211041,Posted: 3 July,all,AhnU,"Fun intricate battle system.Story is pretty good so far, a little generic and a bit predictable but it's still good.Do be warned, you will come across mobs that you are not ready for and lose 2 hours of progress because the save points are far and inbetween."
,Recommended,441830,33415428,Posted: 9 July,all,]]--[[unter,Simply a great game!
76561198048305218,Recommended,441830,33527643,Posted: 13 July,all,Grey®,Love this game. Instant nostalgia throwback punch to the gut. Haven't finished it yet tho... I know it's gonna hit dem feels... Pretty amazing soundtrack too. Think it's an original score.
76561198295783389,Recommended,441830,31168737,Posted: 15 April,all,lostslayer7139,I feel that it is a great game for people that enjoyed playing chrono trigger and want to play a classic turn-based game.
76561197972366861,Recommended,441830,32165950,Posted: 3 June,all,dearinma,"Enjoyed this game in its entirety.  There is a lot of references & copying from old time games. #rainbow These are no problem despite their influence: Cylcone X-strike Antipode blast are more moves that harken back to those days than staples of the team.  I've alway wondered why more concepts weren't continued on from mid 90s rpgs #chronotrigger #FF6Momentum adds way more than dual & triple techs so I barely used them even though I was excited for a game that added them. Extra damage, healing, status inflictions made momentum awesome.  I never used a triple tech while beating the game even though I think its the coolest idea. Dual techs are super powerful on their own.The story takes a handful of obvious tropes and creates a few surprises on its way to a strange ending. If you think its Chrono Trigger or a Final Fantasy game... well yeah it is with an ending."
76561198027435960,Recommended,441830,32463550,Posted: 15 June,all,Rowdy Cloudy,"Like daydreaming about how much you loved SNES JRPG titles while listening to piano.Not very inovative but still very fun. Long enough to keep your attention and short enough to keep you from saying, ""yeah I get it.""Only downisde is that it is easily exploitable, encouraging players to not try the vast character combinations. If it ain't broke, don't change your current party.Don't miss it, but you don't need to get it tomorrow. Maybe see if the Switch version has anything extra?"
76561197984416788,Recommended,441830,32655146,Posted: 22 June,all,WordsOfFarewell,"This game is a trip to the glory days of JRPGs, an homage to all that I, and many others, enjoyed back in the 90s and still hold dear today. I love this game, even though it has one flaw: There isn't enough of it. I don't mean it in a sense that game has to be longer - although I would have appreciated it as there is so much more to the characters that could've been fleshed out among otherthing - there is just not enough detail, variety and depth.The following may come of as negative, but despite all what I am writing this game is still more immersive and lovely than any other JRPG I tried to get into the past years. This pretty much recaptures the magic of games like Chrono Trigger, Granda, Breath of Fire III, Suikoden and so many more, just on a smaller scale.I wish the studio had been given more money to make this game ""complete"" in a sense.There is little variety in monsters, environment, NPCs, overworld or anything else for that matter. The item system and battle system feel underdeveloped and unfinished - I mean there are only 2 pieces of gear per character and fights last for about 10 seconds of the most part.Everything repeats over and over again, yet the story and genuine writing, as well as the terrific atmosphere, keep everything worthwhile. Especially with the astoundingly well written soundtrack - which again fitting to the lack of budget - is only one Piano, all the time. Still it evokes more emotion than all that bloated orchestral score we all grew accustomed to over the years.Sometimes the story felt like it needed more time to evolve and many this seemed underdeveloped. It's intesteresting how this game, even with so little of it, still manages to blow other major titles out of the water. This game would need an instant remake with a budget 10 times as large by the same staff, so they can give us more of it, every little detail that it deserves and we nostalgia fans crave.If you like 90s RPGs and are tired of all those soul-less major JPRGs this is a must play."
76561197992944466,Recommended,441830,29036779,Posted: 5 January,all,Rafoka,"Really good jrpg remembering the classic ones (FF, chrono trigger, etc). You will have a simple UI and mechanics with a good level of personalization of your skills and abilities. The story is good enough and the only problem IMO is that it's too linear and lack of decisions to change the endings.Really good RPG for those who like to learn a simple but new mechanics and story."
,Recommended,441830,29110277,Posted: 8 January,all,SpicyTuna,"Not perfect in any sense, but absolutely lovely.The beautiful visuals, fantastic music, and loveable characters all come together in this game to create something memorable.I wasn't too fond of the unimportant diaglogue options. Also, the visuals of the levels are pretty repetative, and there's no maps (at all). But if you can put those small things behind, you will find an enjoyable experience that captivating.Aside from that, the combat is fantastic and reminds me why I love JRPG's. This is a refreshing title in a stagnating genre."
,Recommended,441830,29099276,Posted: 7 January,all,Daii,"Very good game, reminds me a lot to the old rpg era, good graphics, good soundtrack, great characters, unique battle system, some boss are very frustrated to beat, the only bad thing the game is too short, only 20 hours are needed to finish it. i give 9/10, even with no offerts is a good game."
,Recommended,441830,28707147,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Gypsy Crab,"I Am Setsuna is exactly what you'd expect.  It's a homage to classic JRPGs, namely Chrono Trigger.  Of course, by marketing it as such, they gave themselves some pretty big shoes to fill.  And I have to say they did a decent job.  The game is by no means amazing.  The lack of a budget is obvious in the sheer number of recycled assets.  Plus the lack of an inn and world map can lead to frustration.  Even still, this game is charming with a beautiful (if somewhat repetitive) score.  I'd definitely recommend this game if you're looking for some nostalgia for a good old-fashioned JRPG, but you should probably get it on sale or wait until the price becomes more reasonable.Pros:+Combat+Story+Score+Characters+Lots of Charm+Nostalgic+Melancholic toneCons:-Lack of replayability-Not much exploration-Very few sidequests that aren't even available til end game-Recycled assets galore-Almost entirely humorlesstl;dr: Buy on sale. (~$20 imo)"
,Recommended,441830,29043302,Posted: 5 January,all,Charby,It's a pretty good game if you like old RPG like Final Fantasy IV and Chrono Trigger. Around 20h of gameplay if you don't do all the endgame.
76561198154565970,Recommended,441830,29021566,Posted: 4 January,all,Detective Salad,Beautiful game. Kept me playing with exitement the entire time. I highly recommend this game for someone looking for something with a great story and a patient yet action packed adventure.
,Recommended,441830,29123684,Posted: 8 January,all,Gordovski,A great game with beautiful visuals and a great soundtrack. This is a love letter to Chrono Trigger and the classic Jrpgs. It's also very enticing and it is easy to get lost in the game. My only beef would be that there should be more save points in different areas but thats no reason to not pick up this game.
76561198071490406,Recommended,441830,29118095,Posted: 8 January,all,The Choker,Pretty awesome old school style jrpg. Takes me back to the days when I first started playing FF and BoF. Very atmospheric and the soundtrack is incredible. Love the piano. It sounds as if someone is sitting right next to me on a grand piano as I play. Couldnt be happier I got this game.
,Recommended,441830,28899298,Posted: 1 January,all,HomeyDogBiscuit,"Amazing story and art, great soundtrack, by far this is my favorite jrpg yet. Has a feel of the older Final Fantasy games and a battle system kinda like Chrono Trigger. All in all it's a great game and I'm glad I finally got around to buying it."
,Recommended,441830,28701689,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Geyblade,"Very pretty, nice scoring (music), good battle style; fails in graphical style, in the sense of structure.  Worth getting at a deal, but it would be nice it they patch up some of the ""walk through walls"" stuff.  Also movement is a little clunky and controller response is a little delayed."
,Recommended,441830,28829509,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Lon,If you don't mind footless characters. Go ahead
,Recommended,441830,29267144,Posted: 15 January,all,Sensored,Pretty good rpg by today's standards. Reminded me of the old rpg days when these kind of games used to take weeks or months to complete they had so much content. Would reccomend a look to anyone who's a fan of the old rpg standards :).
,Recommended,441830,29450436,Posted: 23 January,all,Raggamuffin,"Five Word Review: Beautiful, nailed the retro feeling.Favorite Thing: There's a lot to like here. The abilities and combos are fun, the character designs are great and the entire game is oozing a wonderfully retro vibe.Least Favorite Thing: Most AoE spells affect in an area around the target but don't tell you how large the area is, visually show you the area or indicate the allies/enemies that will be affected.Playtime: ~ 40h (100% Completion)Enjoyment: 9/10Recommendation: Absolutely, you should play this."
,Recommended,441830,29435841,Posted: 22 January,all,jibs,Love the music and how simple the game is.Setsuna </3
,Recommended,441830,29429150,Posted: 22 January,all,b7,"Great game!Reminded me of Chrono Trigger.Interesting story, good music, quick and simple game."
76561198237353840,Recommended,441830,29436494,Posted: 22 January,all,Redassassin,"This is the best game i've played in a long time. If your a fan of the Chrono games or are just looking for a good rpg to play, this game has it all. A fun story, a great soundtrack, fun combat, and an awsome magic system. I highly recommend this game to anyone."
,Recommended,441830,29489153,Posted: 25 January,all,paule29,"Highly recommended for the SNES jRPG lover, I would rate the game a 6 or 7 out of 10 objectively, but my subjective bias raises it to more of a 9 out of 10.The story is great, to the point and although it uses a lot of devices from older games in terms of story there are enough new takes to make it intriguing.The battle system is fun and fast paced and the drop system is interesting, the biggest problems comes from the system being overly complicated and there not being a big reason to explore the complexity due to overpowered setups that can be found easily."
76561198257581805,Recommended,441830,30042250,Posted: 19 February,all,killjoy1165,"A good throwback to the JRPGs of the 90's.  It borrows elements from its predecessors in the genre and puts them all together quite well.Unlike some of these type of games, Setsuna never felt too ""grindy"" (with the notable exception of the ""Ruler of Heaven and Earth"" achievement).  Could be finished in as little as 20 hours without too much trouble, or take a bit longer if you take your time to see everything there is to see in the game.Like earlier JRPGs it does run afoul of a few awkwardly written dialogue scenes and does rely heavily on the classic tropes of the genre.  This could be either a positive or a negative depending on the gamerOverall, if you're a fan of this genre it's definitely worth a look"
,Recommended,441830,26917055,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,mo1016,"Character design, gamplay, story are all above avg, but the music is beautiful."
,Recommended,441830,30015084,Posted: 18 February,all,the23rdhour,"I sort of feel like this game doesn't get enough credit.  Not to say that there aren't issues.  It seems to have very specific themes it's trying to evoke, rather than touch on a large spectrum of emotions/music/landscapes/etc. like other more grandiose RPGs, which you might call a con.  As in, there's always snow.  It's always serious.  You always hear piano.  Etc.  But I did feel immersed in this world.  The plot seems half-baked sometimes - there are obvious throwbacks to CT/CC, as a little wink to aging JRPG fans like myself - but I don't know that I need much more from a game like this.The combat system really is fun, though.  At first I didn't understand what the hell Momentum Mode is (many aspects of the game are often not very well explained - for instance, I don't think I got a single recipe until I had already beaten the seven endgame character sidequests), but once I figured it out, it allows for quite a lot of variability.  There are 60+ Triple Techs, and it's fun just fooling around with your spritnite to see what kind of combos you can pull out.  The music is actually quite good, even though all you ever really hear is a piano.  The graphics are splendid, too.I admit that it's difficult to recommend at full price, but it's 40% off right now, so if you like JRPGs I'd say give it a go."
,Recommended,441830,30015210,Posted: 18 February,all,omgimahero,"2 hours of gameplay passed by so quickly, I didnt even realize it. Good graphics, good gameplay, story is good so far. Easy to pick up and play. I am looking forward to updating this review once I am done with this."
76561198024960953,Recommended,441830,30028418,Posted: 19 February,all,Koopa Trappa,"Best old school JRPG since Golden Sun, plus the entire soundtrack is on piano. One of those rare games where every single song is great just like Braid."
76561198276825477,Recommended,441830,29991407,Posted: 17 February,all,EddieVaine,"Hard to defineLovely piano soundtrack but also repetitive and monotonous at timesCharacters were a bit simple and several times I didn't even pay attention to who was talkingEnjoyable combat which can keep you on your toes howeverCertain teams can carry you through the majority of the game but will be decimated by one boss battles as only specific moves can beat themOne fight I could only win by simply walking away from the computer after hitting one moveA side mission boss fight was so tough for me and required a complete retooled of fighting style to finally beatWhat this meant was the final boss was ultimately destroyed in practically no time leaving me thinking is that itIts an endearing game that kept me interested with its plot but let me down with its endingHindsight has me thinking fondly of the game but neither am I in any rush to play it again anytime soonSome add ons (srory wise, weapons, new power, costume change, maybe even another companion )or a new game+ would have been nice touchesOverallFirst jrpgDidn't hate this game but rather enjoyed for the most partIt just didn't answer my questions about trying my hand at more of these games"
,Recommended,441830,31268965,Posted: 20 April,all,wutang,good game
,Recommended,441830,31330544,Posted: 23 April,all,Angry Bru Bru,"Great game. Offers traditional JRPG environment. However the story is very short...Combat is easy, no farming needed."
,Recommended,441830,31515585,Posted: 2 May,all,Kappa Omicron,One of the most beautiful and bittersweet JRPG's I have ever played.A beautiful adventure with a wonderful soundtrack and colourful characters.Play this and witness Setsuna's journey to its end.
76561198155567236,Recommended,441830,31468761,Posted: 30 April,all,jammext,The game has a good soundtrack and art style but the story is somehow cliched for the JRPG genre.
,Recommended,441830,31407675,Posted: 27 April,all,Nawani,"Beautiful game.Although the choices are really not choices, but still great game."
,Recommended,441830,31497857,Posted: 1 May,all,PS1 Crash,"Beautifull Rpg, Amazing ost,Awesome Characters, it Played with my feelings *Manly Tears*"
76561198256392408,Recommended,441830,34375944,Posted: 20 August,all,galward89,took me 17.9 hours to beat...WORTH IT!!!!!if you want something to play whating in airport or only have weekend then this is it!i wish there were more epic casual quick play games like this.it gives you just enough to feel satified.only complaint i wish there were more of these games so i can pick them up every now and then beat it then move on with my life.
,Recommended,441830,35281912,Posted: 28 September,all,Way,"This brings back the feel of classic RPG games, as an amature game maker, I draw inspiration from games like this. I have not finished this game, but I plan on playing it more. It keeps you wanting more and more. And with it being on sale a lot you can pick this game up for cheap."
,Recommended,441830,35286479,Posted: 29 September,all,sythys,"Ty, Squaresoft. I belive you're alive again. I missed playing beatyfull games."
,Recommended,441830,27484238,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,dreamnook,"Ok so since this is ON SALE, I'll edit my review for the last time.44 hours. I got all achievements. I did't try to get 100%, but the percentage is still high.What do I think?IRECOMMENDit.Butonly when you bought it on sale, like 20 to 25 dollars.I love it, for the most part.I love its unique characters. I love its great battle system.I love its artstyle, I love its music, I love its settings, I love its atomosphere.The devs focus on sadness. I think they did it right.But this game still felt uncompleted in some way.Presentation - Artwork and MusicPretty good in general.3D art distinguishable and cute. 2D art is great.Music isn't all time top-notch, it fits the game.ControlIn short it is awful for keyboard/mouse player. Just prepare a gamepad.Besides that. UI confuses you a lot. And I mean a LOT.It's inconvenient even when you're trying to sale your stuff for gold.But the battle system does a good job.So in total it's annoyingly painful, but still bearable.GameplayBattle system is really nice. I am Setsuna salutes Chrono Trigger.You could play all mages!You could play all fighters!You could play mixed!You could activate special effect when your SP is full!You have plentiful Spritnites to use!You have 70 different triple-tech!You have Flux to boost!You have Singiularity - a unique buff during the fight!The battle system is so cool!!!And over redundant.I mean, there're only 7 characters, only one ending, and no end-game challege.So we don't really need THAT MANY THINGS to play.It is great, but overcooked.Storyline""Guard the princess to save the world.""I had been grinding for a while and just got my sixth character recently.The story is...to put into one word.SAD.From start to now.A long cold Winter that Spring never comes.It still keeps me going.OverallAs developers described in steam page. I think they do their jobs.But for a 40$ games, IMO it's not THAT polished.I love it. For the most part.Don't except this to be another Chrono Trigger."
