user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197995513565,Not Recommended,442080,26753110,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,neMesis,"With a decent amount of time spent in a game, it's always hard to justify a negative review. To me it feels like if you really want to enjoy it, you need to go all in with ROI. In my opinion, this game isn't designed for casual players but since it's F2P, give it a try and decide for yourself :)Lets start with the positive aspects- Graphics & Story:Characters and mounts are well detailed. The majority of the map aswell. I like the shiny overall look. The story is above standard and the rare cutscenes do look nice.- Mounts & Idea:It was refreshing to see a game that focusses around taming mounts, collecting them and fight with them. You can also turn them into a pet to accompagny you in dungeons and special zones. Aerial Combat truly makes fun.- Dungeons & Fighting:The Dungeons differ from eachother and are interesting. You can choose between: Guardian (Tank), Priest (Heal), Assassin, Mage, Ranger, Berserker and the controversial Trickster class (DPS). The skills and combos are nothing special but far from beeing bad and do look nice. Since i've picked a priest i can't really comment how good or bad the Action Combat is (where you aim with your cursor). But many switch to standard mode in aerial combat.- Guilds:Guilds are the bread and butter in Riders of Icarus. It's important to be part of an active guild in order to progress, not only in the endgame content, but in general. The playerbase declined significantly over the past few months and thus also the grouprequests in the Party Finder Board, nowadays it's hard to find enough ""randoms"" for anything. Since taming heroic mounts requires to bring their hp down to a certain point it's always nice to have friends to help you out with it. Same goes for strategy elaboration for the Titan Raids, Worldbosses and legendary dungeons which is impossible as a lone wolf. So do yourself a favor and search an active guild as soon as possible.- Leveling & Exploring:Don't rush the content!Do all the sidequest and explore the big world as this is by far the best part of this game. The gamemechanics are explained step by step and kept me interested while advancing. If you see a new mount, try to tame it or check what you need. The levelcap is raised up to 60 so lack of content really isn't a major problem in Riders of Icarus. Crafting seems standard but it bothered me, that you didn't have a complete list somewhere. The obtained recipies itself were strangely ordered that you had to look twice before finding what you were searching for.But once you've reached that point where you are max level and saw everything, it really becomes a chore to progress.The devil is in the details- Taming mechanic:What appeared at first as a nice minigame, where you have to hit buttons to successfully tame a mount, turned out to be solely dependant on your own level (or lets say the level difference between you and the mount) and the mount's rarity. Skill is at no point needed to tame which is very frustrating when trying for a heroic mount around your level. It often happens, that you've filled the failbar to 75%before even having the chance to impact the process. And the marks aren't cheap/fast to obtain. Common and Elite mounts are rather easy to get as long as you have a higher level. Very sad and frustrating as this is the unique selling point of this game. Basically, it's RNG (Random)- RNG:It's omnipresent.. You sometimes need to run a dungeon 30-40 times to complete you armorset with stats that actually benefit you (Strenght or Dexterity on a priest item for example is not uncommon) or finally drop the item to unlock a quest or get the skillbook for your class. Taming heroic or legendary mounts is pure RNG as mentioned above. If you are able to tame a legendary around your level with 100% Success and fail a mere heroic Familiar thats 25 level under your own directly after under the same conditions, something can't be right, right?- Grinding/Balancing:Be it running the same dungeon for the 40th time to get what you want, or hitting a simple Elite Mob for 5-10 mins due to insane HP/Regen to bring it down. Or farming the same thing over and over for ages to eventually get 1 piece of a 3 piece Set to tame a Heroic. For some heroic mounts you need to tame 3-5 other Elite mounts to craft the mark. For these Elite mounts, you need marks to tame aswell. Neverending process the further you get into the game. And i'm not even starting with the Equip tempering/refining which is a scam in my opinion.- Recycling of Content:From the 250+ tamable mounts, there are actually just around 70 which are completely different with the others beeing copies with another color/special fx. And if you think the heroics or legendaries are excluded then you are wrong. This also goes for many sidebosses and the PVP-Zone is a darker version of the first big zone. Sometimes less is more ;)- Debuffs everywhere:You die? well you continue with a 10min debuff or use a scroll. Travel to a new zone? Get a permanent debuff (except on heroics) or tame a zone specific mount. Want to do the Titan Raids? Get an additional debuff unless you have the 3 Titan Pieces that drop from worldbosses/titans only.- Performance:It's a very demanding game, even on newer systems. Severe server issues takes several days/weeks to fix. Since launch i'm only able to exit the game with the Task Manager- Company/Publisher:Overall, WeMade (Devs) provide a nice product, but there is no fun if it's balanced just to keep the player grinding. The overall Nexon game-policy is tailored more and more to the paying progress player while casuals are left-over: Noone prevents you from trying, but if you truly want to experience the Endgame, you actually need a big wallet, or animmenseamount of time. Additional to that they use unorthodox methods concerning their cashshop, like selling mounts for 15-20$ that they, 2 months later, include in afree!preregistration package. Granted, you can't buy stuff to directly push your character (Pay 2 Win), but you can sell those items you get with Real Money for skyhigh prizes in the ingame auction house and with that earned gold buy the stuff to push your character. The Circle closes and i'd call itindirect P2W.Elluns as a special mentionThe whole game is castrated! You can obtain Elluns (ingame currency beside the typical Gold/silver/copper) either through ingame achievements and dailies or they can also be purchased with real money. If you don't plan to spend money in this Game, use them on Storage expansion (Mounts, Stash, Inventory) to improve your ingame experience for as long as possible. Don't use them to revive, reset a dungeon or purchase boxes from the shop, it's truly not worth it.ConclusionDon't get me wrong, i had a ton of fun in this game and still don't regret purchasing a founders pack. Riders of Icarus is probably one of the better free2play MMORPGs out there and it's really nice up to a certain point. But once the ""new game hype"" wears off and knowing how it evolved over the past year with the declining playerbase because of that down-spiral they created with their decisions, i cannot recommend this game, nor suggesting you to spend money on it. And all thats left after 850+ hours is the experience of too much RNG frustration. I'm done :)If you have any specific questions about the game or need advice, i'll happily answer them in the comment section as i run out of Review Space :) Constructive critism is also well appreciated as this is my first in-depth review.Thanks for reading!Useful links:- Database- News & Updates- Wiki- Forum"
76561198008060513,Not Recommended,442080,24621239,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Iceace,"I would of GIVEN this game an decent rating, it is over all a solid MMO, yet, beware Steam user of this game. If you decide to pay for features the Nexon company limits your purchase to $60 monthly, through steam. DOES NOT provide portal access to pre-paid services through steam. Trying to get portal access from support you have to wait 1-2 weeks of back and forth e-mail to identify you account, then additional they ask you for Government Identification!Secondarily, NEXON will not provide support to the game without you submitting copies of Government documentation.Acceptable forms of identification include:Government/State issued photo ID, such as: ,Driver License, Passport, Government Employee ID, Certificate of Birth/Adoption (only if under age 18).Been gaming over 20 years, NEVER been asked for real life Government documents records to get gaming support from a product I have brought. This should be seriously looked at by steam!"
,Recommended,442080,24139692,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,T-Rob,"Honestly a decent f2p game. I'd like to address a few of the complaints I see:-P2W: This is entirely untrue. This launch addressed many of the p2w issues in the asian version, and all items that gave an unfair advantage were removed from the cash shop (save for the ones that you can get easily in game).-Gold spammers: Yeah they exist. So does a block list, and a ""global shout"" filter. Super easy to not see spammers. **UPDATE** Global shouts have been disabled in the meantime, so gold spammers should no longer be an issue.-Bugs: Yeah, they are there. So is the tag ""open beta"". I see many people take for granted the fact that they have to pay $0.00 to play this game, and that ""beta"" is meant as ""beta testing"". None of the bugs are game-breaking, and actually many have been fixed in the past 48 hours.I would recommend this game. A few positives here:-It is entirely possible to hit max level with great gear all free to play. The majority of cash shop items are cosmetics (player and mount skins), convenience (no transport fees, storage anywhere, etc), and things like that.-They also upped the amount of premium currency that drops (as compared to the asian version), so even if there is something in the cash shop you want (like a skin), you can get it very fast in game.-The mounts are visually appealling, as well as the landscapes.-The class abilities feel engaging, are flashy, and flow well together.Negatives:-Lower tier familiars are pretty useless with low energy (although higher tiers are easy to get).-PvP is only duels currently (game is expanding through open beta, more PvP will be added before July ends).TL;DRThis game is 1. free, and 2. in beta. Great f2p game that isn't p2w like its asian version."
,Recommended,442080,24239454,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,🐨Skankhunt42🐨,"This game is taking alot of heat on here for some issues users are having. Most of those technical issues I have not had so I am reviewing this based on MY experiences so far...-There are some bugs, but again I have not seen nearly as many as others have had.  The more serious of these issues is the lag.  The lag can at times be terrible if not downright unplayable but its an issue that isnt keeping me from playing as much as I have.-People have compared this to Tera and that is unfortunate because its not Tera, the mini map and full map are in the same style as Tera and thats where the similarities end.-The combat can be a bit boring for the first few levels and after a few skills are added to your tool bar you are pretty good.  The combat is one of the weaker aspects of this game but not unbearable.-Graphically the game is pretty solid and with settings turned all the way up it is a fairly good looking game, but nothing to rave about.-the Taming of familiars (animals, creatures, dragons...) is where this game shines.  If you are an avid collector of mounts and pets in any other game you will love this part.  There is an issue that you will run into after a short while and thats where the available slots are locked out.  These slots need to be unlocked with Elune (in game currency).  You can most certainly gain Elune while playing the game and without spending a dime to do so.  BUT if you really want these slots opened you will need to buy some.  They will be adding more ways of gaining Elune in game in the near future.  And this is not something that you should consider game breaking as so far I have not spent a single penny.- The in game store is full of cosmetics and small buffs.  There is not (to this point) anything P2W in the store.- The dungeons in game are pretty simple, can be done solo or in a group.  However there are 3 tiers: Story mode, Elite and Heroic.  Elite has 5 tiers of difficulty that you can select before entering and the drop rates reflect that.  At current level you will need to be in a group to run Heroic modes.- Plenty of daily quests- Map is large enough for the time being with a new zone (large) that will be open later this month.- Game is almost totally open world with a few intsanced areas here and there.- No gender locked classesSome of the more lacking things about this game:- Level cap is currently level 25, which you will hit fairly quickly.- There is NO archer class.  Classes available are: Barbarian (warrior type), Guardian (sword/shield), Wizard (ranged DPS), Assasin (stealth, duh) and Priest (healer).- There is only the human race :(  male/female- Character creation is a bit lacking but not terrible (not BDO creation or anything like that) its not all that bad but it isnt exactly great either.All in all this MMO is not bad at all.  Can be fun solo or with a group of friends. It doesnt do anything bad and it doesnt really excell at much either.  But at the end of the day its a game thats very fun to play and can be addicting.  It doesnt exactly hit a home run at the moment but its not a dud either."
,Not Recommended,442080,26702703,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,sevinic,"Pro tip! Read reviews from people that have spent a lot of time in the game, versus those that have just tried it out and wrote a review about their first playing experience.With that being said, this is my first review of a steam game, and unfortunately it ain't a good one. Honestly, this game had a ton of potential. If you enjoy the taming aspect of the game and collecting all the familiars this game is a huge bonus.However the current state of the game is a nightmare. The company philosophy is to roll out the game in chunks, which leads to extremely grindy and boring gameplay. Its an RNG grindfest to get the best gear, and don't bother playing it if you are playing alone. Taming those heroic or even legendary familiars isn't as easy as taming the common or elite ones, and require a lot of hours crafting the mats, which can be tiresome for some people.My biggest issue with this game is the p2w aspect. Although the game started out with a very fair system, it has now revealed its true and ugly form, and by god is this game for the big whales. For some, this may not be a problem, but based on all the information I have written previously, making people spend hundreds, or even thousands of dollars for an unfinished version of an exisiting game, makes me sick to my stomach.I did enjoy my time playing the game, but that was mainly because of the empathy I shared with my guildmates over what Nexon has done with this Eastern MMO port. Turned it right into a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,442080,23939169,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Evo,You can fly turtles.
76561197965567829,Not Recommended,442080,30772529,Posted: 27 March,all,Randomize,"I don't need to say anymore other than the company sold out and let the Cash Shop go pay to win, If you want to do good in this game, Be ready to get out your wallet over and over again.The game has been ruined, i used to love it, now i haven't played it in months.And the taming of Animals is all about RNG not skill, You could push every button on time but still fail to cap bacause of the terribe RNG."
,Recommended,442080,24381902,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,EternalTreasure,"Personally, I did find myself liking this game quite a lot; the game has quite a few pros and cons but I did not find the cons ruining the gameplay for my experience.- One thing is I would certainly not call this game 'Pay to win' as players can earn elluns(the in-game currency) in the game by completing various tasks. Personally, I would not mind paying for elluns as the game is worth it, but this is good news for players who don't wish to or can't afford to spend money.Things you can get elluns from:- Achievements- Quests(If I remember correctly; may be wrong)- Some boxes(No, not the loot boxes that drop from monsters)- The combat is decent. I've seen people complain about the combat while not mounted but as an assasin, I found out that it requires more skill to fight than just spamming the attack buttons since I had to actually use the dashing abilities to dash through enemies and attack them from behind or just plain dodge the attacks they used. Now, mounted combat is a little easier considering it's more of just a system where you find a combo of attacks that works for you and then use it. While health potions are a must-have in the game, (going back to the elluns) it is easier to simply buy some 100% health restoration potions with elluns than buy the other health potions since they may prolong your death but don't actually prevent it.- I really love the aspect of the game where you can collect the creatures and ride almost all of them. For some familiars, you need items to tame and I like this aspect because it makes it so that it requires more effort than clicking the taming button and attempting it. This way, some familiars are less seen than others since some people may not go through the work of getting the items needed. Also if you tame a familiar and then release it, it's still logged in the bestiary that you caught it. I enjoy this because it allows me to know which ones I've collected and which ones I still need to hunt after.- The only real problems I have found is that the game can lag sometimes. But once again, that may just be because of my computer not being able to run the game well enough. I would definitely not call my computer a gaming computer. I may update this review once I end up buying an actual gaming computer since I plan on getting one soon. Keep in mind that this was my experience and other players' experiences may vary from my opinions."
,Not Recommended,442080,29134418,Posted: 8 January,all,Kcrash,"The game idea is great, the oriental version of this game is rated as being in the top 3 the last 5 years or so. HOWEVER the people who are publishing the game here, are merely purchasing the graphics, and engine. SO they pretty much had to code all the abilities and a few other things. But that being said, this game is done very horribly from the current developer.It is NOT pay to win, HOWEVER without paying it can take months (and yes I do mean more then several months) to get even remotely close to what someone pays $10 for. So imagine someone paying $20 or even $50, and how long it would take you. Also keep in mind, there are world raid bosses, so unless you are willign to put in a lot of $$ and try to get in to one of the top guilds. You are just pretty much wasting your time. NPCs are registered by who does the most dmg (as a group or raid, or guild), not who hits it first.They keep saying they wil fix somethind or they will ban bots,,,,which they don't. Makes you wonder if the devs are the ones who are botting. Anytime someone disgagrees with a forum mod or dev, they get banned, I have not had this happen, but have seen it happen several times.It is a shame, this game had a lot of potential and to see it ruined due poor management is very disappointing."
,Recommended,442080,23991963,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,MissLucyxx TV,"I've been a lost little lamb since World of Warcraft went to♥♥♥♥♥♥ Going from MMO to MMO trying to find a replacement. Nothing could hold my attention for more than a day. When I first came across this game, I didn't give it much thought. Everyone knows Nexon and their p2w games. Thought it would be another one of those, I'm happy to report 20+ hrs in I havent paid a single penny (well besides me buying into the headstart :P), I'm enjoying myself so much playing this game. I'm playing solo, but recently found a guild (wonderful people) and did a couple dungeon runs with them. I had a blast, the dungeons can be difficult...it does require common sense. If you are a raid veteran like myself it will be easier to overcome bosses (standard get out of the fire, pay attention to what the boss is casting logic). I will write more as the game releases more content etc. But so far, if you are looking for ""that main, go to game"" like I have been....this is certainly worth your time to see if it's a good fit for you!<33"
,Recommended,442080,23930057,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Maneter,"Riders of Icarus is so far a very good MMORPG. It's the first day of release for the people with founder's pack which means that there are bugs since it's in beta. I haven't run into any major bugs only small ones that will hopefully get fixed later in development. The graphics looks awesome for an MMORPG and is on the same level as Tera in terms of graphics. Something to keep in mind is that the world is not fully open it's instanced which reminds me a bit of Tera. There is a cash shop in-game and it uses the currency of ""Ellun"" which can be both for real life money or gained from achievements and some repeatable quests.The combat system start off pretty slow you start with 4 skills. On the assassin class you won't always be able to use a ability as all of them are on cooldown. This is only a problem in the beginning as combat picks up the pace later at around level 10 i would say.  The abilities have a unique style with them and some of them are really cool and unique from other MMORPGs.The taming system which is the biggest part of the game is not something big when you start off. You will learn how to tame and get the tame skill very early in the game at level 2 or 3. For the people that bought founder's pack were able to use their mounts right after the tutorial level. As i am a founders pack buyer i havn't felt like taming another mount as the one i got looks a lot better than the tameable mounts i have found in the world so far. Mounted combat is something you unlock a bit later at around level 12. I'm now level 19 and i have been testing mounted combat with crossbow. There are 2 ways to perfrom mounted combat first one you unlock is with a crossbow which means range. The other way is spear which you unlock from a quest at around level 17. For me the spear has been more useful than crossbow as i like the abilities more. The spear has several AOE attacks which makes it useful for clearing trashmobs in dungeons or just hordes of enemies while questing. The crossbow is useful in flying mounted combat because it's easy to dodge the enemy attacks in the air.Will update the review when i have played further.So far the Riders of Icarus have been amazing. It's super fun and the graphic is really good for being an MMORPG imo. The graphic is even on the same level as tera is if not better. The gameplay is fun and the combat is good but it's slow in the start. I picked the assassin class as it looked like the funniest one to play. I was already blown away by the tutorial the cutscenes and just the tutorial level was awesome. After the tutorial the game is still fun so far it's just that the combat is a bit slow right now but i'm sure it will pick up pace soon as it's still very early. I already ran in to a couple of bugs but they were just small thing that will probably get fixed in the beta."
76561198191456254,Not Recommended,442080,26024409,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Rikku Esteed,"I got into this game because I wanted to find another MMO to play besides my main of Guild Wars 2 since it's been winding down recently. Me and my significant other saw that you can tame different things and were pretty excited and so we bought the early access packs and everything so we could really try it out and hopefully find a new outlet. It was actually pretty fun during that first portion before open beta. There were still gold spammers which was annoying as all hell, but it was mostly bearable.Then after open beta started it was complete nonsense. The community is just so utterly toxic it reminds me of why I quit playing things like LoL. The loot system is horrible and only the person that gets the first hit gets anything. Which is one of the things that sometimes drives me nuts about MMOs. Not to mention the heroic mounts are such a massive pain to get because there is hackers EVERYWHERE killing or taming everything constantly. Plus they have such few channels and long respawns you basically have to be a hermit willing to stay up for a full 48 hours and you'd still be lucky to get it. God help you if you have any latency or lag at the wrong time when you've farmed and spent countless gold on the marks for the stupid thing. Plus there is usually one person that constantly farms the stupid mounts to the point of ridiculousness.Also if you're not in a massive guild have fund being able to get anything from world bosses or succeeding in PVP.  They have ridiculous Mega Alliances that will just be complete jerks for absolutely no reason.  Nexon has been trying to fix everything but I think everyone is just so hardened by how poor everyone treats one another people won't work together unless you're in their specific guild. I've tried my best to help people just to be screamed at for helping them so I gave up on it. Occasionally you do find that once in awhile a person that is actually relatively kind and willing to help instead of just using you for personal gain and just to leave you dead and for that I thank those people for restoring some faith in humanity.If you want to give it a try if you have maybe a few friends to play with go ahead, but maybe don't pay attention to the main chat at times because it is just so disheartening to see some of the horrible things that happen.****UPDATE*****For those of you asking about the time playing it is because you can leave the game up to level up familiars. I usually do this for when I am sleeping or when I am at work so I can make some space in my familiar inventory. (When you do get heroics it takes a very long time to level them up). I don't have the capability to stay up such long hours. I just leave it up to level everything up.I definitely recommend the game if you have a few friends to play with for the game. I just do not recommend buying any of the expansion packs or the other things they will try to sucker you into to earn money. It is Free to Play but the reason why I did put the do not recommend is it is not worth the money to spend on it and if you are playing by yourself without any friends it can be a major turn off.Plus as of recently the player population has declined. While I still stand by my information I encourage you to make your own judgement. I wanted to just forewarn people before they decided to invest a large amount of time before deciding they do not like the game. I invested quite a bit into this game time wise and I wanted people to take into consideration some of the faults. (Unfortunately steam only gives the do you recommend this game not a star system or rating system so I leaned more towards the not recommend.)I do have a few people I found a guild within that honestly keep me on the game and make it worth the time :) thus recommend at least having a few good friends to play with and trying to help the community become more open and helpful."
,Recommended,442080,24097646,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Sudrenth,"I'm going to recommend the game for now, as the game is in Beta, and is about to hit open Beta soon.-Optimization.  Yeah it's poorly optimized along with I7 4790k, dual GTX 970's(Yes SLI works for me), and 16gb of Ram.I get random drops to 25fps depending on where I am.  Mostly a stable 60FPS(Vsync).  This is Beta so I'm assuming this will be fixed in a future update.Also when I exit the game, it should exit the game.  I get left with a black screen and it attempts to use my CPU as a spaceship.  (100% CPU Usage).Random Flickering on names.Could use an improvements on graphics, but for now it is what it is.TEXTURE POPPING(NOOOO)Things in the terrain such as tree and shadows don't load that far out.-GameplayHonestly it's not bad but it's pretty generic.  I seriously wish I could hit multiple targets with 1 skill.(EDIT: AS OF LEVEL 16 THERE ARE SOME SKILLS THAT CAN, I AM GUARDIAN CLASS).Dodging, some monsters you can dodge my simple walking to the side.  Except for mini bosses(Haven't gotten to a bigger boss yet).   Yeah, I can side walk, try to go behind them, they'll always hit me no matter what.This is a Tab Targeting game, which means you just hit tab to select/switch targets.  Ctrl Tab lets you select teamates.  I enjoy pulling my friends into fire pits as Guardian Class(You get to be scorpion).Overwall I am currently enjoying the game, it's a pretty generic MMORPG which I enjoy.  Fast travel, great mounting system, decent customization, decent combat system, new armors look different(fk you black desert).-Waiting for Open Beta to see where things go.  So far I've just got Elite Riders Pack, and the only benefits of this package and the others is just mounts/customizations.So far not pay 2 win.  Pls no Nexon, don't make it Vindictus.EDIT: AFTER OPEN BETA PATCH:  RECTANGLE BOXES ARE JUST FLICKERING IN THE DISTANCE(White flickering).  Also Mount Height Limit Meter flickers now and then."
,Not Recommended,442080,33899617,Posted: 30 July,all,Levia Draconia,"I liked the game at the beginning, but they went hard into the P2W direction."
,Recommended,442080,24161536,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,-FND- Harley,"Riders of Icarus, It is your standard MMO but with taming pretty much everything in the game. It hasn't became P2W yet but it is just release. The charachter customization is Ok your not getting anything like Black Desert Online. The Controls are a little heavy and the mounts stamina drops it like its hot. Dungeons are pretty fun to do but there are only 4 to do atm. Gold Spammers are everywhere but you can shut them up mostly by turning off shout. In conclusion 7/10 Would play again,"
,Recommended,442080,24044038,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Dros Hyrozan,"This is pretty much a fun and actually creative version of Dragomon.Its a MMO with a pokemon-esque basis of collecting mounts. The mounts themselves range from rather mundane to things that make your jaws drop.Combat is rather fun although shallow at times, being mainly hotbar focused and having a bit of a fuax-action style.The game itself is rather pretty, being a Cryengine 3 game. The game does have a few optimization issues, its a bit buggy at times with font not being properly placed so its cut off, some moves dont fire off after charging. The character models as a whole could do with an overhual, easily being the weakest point in the entire game.Cash shop is about regular fair for a F2P game, boosts to EXP and what not being sold, few costumes hopefully they flesh this out, would love to see some amazing costumes in the future.All in all seems like a nice casual MMO that would please anyone who fancies collecting monsters alone or with friends, plently of variety and alot better than its competitor."
76561198022322511,Recommended,442080,29563444,Posted: 29 January,all,QueenJulness,"I totally love this game. I don't agree with people when they say it's pay to win you can achieve everything without having to spend a single dollar BUT it takes a lot longer. When you pay for premium access however, it doesn't take as long. You get a lot for your money, though and it makes the whole experience a lot nicer.I recommend trying the game. Nice graphics, and since the last update finding groups is a lot easier as you can play with members from all of the servers of your region (US or Europe)."
,Recommended,442080,24002822,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Taydraa,"I've played 10 hours of this game so far and I think it's really good so far. I love the taming aspect of it and the controls are really smooth. Reminds me of TERA and WoW.PROS:+ Amazing taming system (you can tame so many things!)+ Good storyline (sorta)+ Beautiful water (like, damn)+ It has a really open world+ It's challenging, bosses are hard+ The pets are really cool+ Fun to playCONS:- Some bosses are a little too hard, took me around 10 tries to beat one guy- Quests are a little repetetiveI'll keep playing this game until I reach the max level, overall it's really fun and cool."
,Recommended,442080,24106263,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Suboxone,"Fun game so far, i like how they are slowly increasing the level caps so that it doesn't feel like a rush to grind out the max level. There should be tons more content for this game as it has been out in S.Korea for awhile now.The pet collecting is def. a cool plus as you can tame a mount then turn that mount into a pet that fights beside you.I have encountered a few lag spikes during a boss fight which sucked major balls but that has been about it in terms of issues."
,Recommended,442080,24187352,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,✪GeoVega,"Alright Imma just go into this game with a Pro and Con list.Pros:1. The Ability to Tame almost everything.2. Cryengine Graphics.3. Mount Combat.Neutral:1. Regular Player Combat: From what I seen there's not really that much combos is this game except for assassins.2. Grinding: It's all about how lucky you get I got 5 Glowing Sageweeds in a row.3. Story: I mean it's not bad, but I rather in it for the gameplay.Cons:1. Hitboxes: The hitbox in this game is so bad for your character and the enemies. Even if you someone dodge the enemies attacks they still end up doing damage to you.2. Map: Taming creatures and flying around shouldn't you think this map would be open world?3. Enemy resets: This really gives a bad effect on our range players. If you get to far away from the enemy it will take no damage and automatically reset it's health bar.4. Gold Spammers: All the Nexon games I have played have these types of bots in it. You might have to mute most of the chats if you don't want to me annoyed by these things.Conclusion, if you can deal with weird hitboxes and gold spammers then give this game a try. You get the ability to tame pretty much all things.Geo's Rate: 7.5 out of 10 Elluns"
,Recommended,442080,24218495,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,♥ Loxtox ♥,Amazing! cant belive a free to play game can be this good! its not pay2win at all right now. Changes maybe come later ingood things!1. Good combat system2. Good quest line3. Adding PvP and more zones to level up4. Dungeons / Raids5. Many familiars / mounts6. Earn elluns from achievementBad things1. When you die they maybe you go slower and lose health and damage2. Not many costumes3. lag when more players and mobs comes4. if you dont do blue quests it take you long to get exp from dungeons
,Recommended,442080,24131180,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Blessed,Amazing Game I give it 9/10Its Monster Hunter meets Pokemon. Its not what I expected for a Nexon Game. I thought it was gnna be another Asian Grind game but its not. Its pretty fun to level and there is alot of depth to the game. If your looking for a game to hold you over until Eternal Crusade drops or Crowfall then deffenitly play this u will not be disapointed.
76561197971706493,Recommended,442080,24130708,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,SPYDER2K1,"Absolutely an amazing game, after playing WoW for 9 years ive tried so many MMOs and couldnt get that feeling back i got from WoW the sense of wonder and love for a MMO. But playing this game ive loved everything about it from the combat, to the loot and farming mechanics, to the taming which is incredibly fun and easy. I tried Black Desert didnt care for it, tried so many MMOs but this right here is pure magic i highly recommend it."
76561198152275667,Recommended,442080,23937032,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Ace,"Only tired it abit but here are my first impressions.Pros :- Great Graphics for an MMORPG,first time i played a MMO on Cry-engine and damn it's smooth.- Good optimization for a Beta,you sometimes drop FPS right after killing something,or when you are about to loot something,but im confident this will be resolved.- Fun combat system,you can pick between tab targeting or Action Mode whichever you desire.^ Bear in mind tho Action Mode is abit weird when it comes to targeting- Mounted Combat,hell yea.- Cool looking skill animations and sound effects,when you slash something you can ''feel'' it adds to the immersion imo.- Pretty and immersive music.- You can tame animals around in the open world,atm they serve a function as a mount but in the future who knows,ppl can even make taming their thing in making money in game,tame a rare dragon and sell it for decent amounts of gold or something- Decent Difficulty of monsters in PvE,like your not gonna roflstomp everything from minute 1,if you pull agro on 2-3 monsters there is a pretty big chance u will die,now for me i love abit more challenging content but its up to you to decide wether this is a pro or a con- Decent Char Creator- Good UI- Overall pretty immersive worldCons :- Your standard MMORPG template in questing,kill him and then fetch that,however combat being pretty fun makes these labors doable and sometimes even enjoyable.- Leveling is pretty slow(for me this is great as i love to work for my levels),but for other people that might be a negative factor so i've listed it here.- There is nothing yet ''special'' about Riders of Icarus,it's just your standard MMORPG only looks better and it's optimized better,with good combat.- Nexon as publisher can result is a P2W game in the long run,they ruined a great MMO like Dekaron with ludicrous P2W's and we all know Combat Arms you need to buy the OP guns to have fun in any gamemode,however i will give them the benefit of the doubt.- Random Crashes here and there.Final Thoughts : It's just a beta,but i have to say this is one of the more polished MMORPG Betas i've played,looking forward to full release."
76561198108996884,Recommended,442080,29683076,Posted: 3 February,all,Xeoseth,"I don't understand all the hate about this game. It's not perfect by any means and I've yet to experience this game's entire content, but so far I'm loving it. It's got a good mix of main story quest (which is actually kinda good if you actually pay attention to it instead of skipping through the chat), subquests which blend in together nicely and dungeons that you can solo or group for (depending on difficulty, of course) which have their own subquests and reward you with cool items sets.The biggest complain I see is about the combat... I for one am loving the combat in this game, feels like WoW combat but flashier, more immersive and with more positioning. I feel that the main reason why some people get turned off by the combat is that they expect this to be a full action game with dodging like TERA, but that's not what it's about. This is a traditional MMORPG combat style but with more fluidity, the dodge mechanics aren't exactly ""dodge"", but escape/positioning mechanisms that differ from class to class (mages with teleport, rogues with sidestep, ranger with backstep, etc).The only major complaint I have so far is a few combat bugs (the only bothering one so far is charge skills not working on certain terrains), but I have hope that this will be fixed, especially if people give this game a chance and the company can have a bigger budget.TL;DR: Don't listen to the haters demonizing this game, it's really awesome (especially once you reach lvl15, which doesn't take too long). Judge it yourself, try the game. It's free anyways, so worst case scenario is you'll get a couple hours of fun for free. You're reading this review so chances are you're bored anyways, so why not?"
76561198002694405,Recommended,442080,24183724,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Srasja,"I love this game! If you like the traditional style MMO and collecting mounts/pets, then this is the game for you. It even throws in a little action combat if you want it (though it's kinda a mix between traditional and Tera combat because you still have to tab target mobs if there is more than one in combat with you).You can go around and tame almost everything you see and turn it into your pet that fights with you or your mount. You have to hit a button, jump on the back of the mob, and hit WASD (whichever lights up). However, just know that even if you get the buttons right, it may still fail and you'll have to try again...so you have to have good ol' RNG on your side! Some monsters require more than that, though, such as farming an item that drops from another mob or dropping off a small cliff and onto it's back.Oh, and also... MOUNTED COMBAT!So far, nothing game breaking in the cash shop.Because it just released, there are a few minor bugs here and there, but I haven't come across anything that bad yet.The devs are also updating quite a bit, which is nice, a big update it due here soon at the end of the month.So honestly, I'm not sure why the mixed reviews, other than, yeah, the first day there was a long queue. Yes, it's a traditional-style MMO, but I personally don't find that to be a bad thing."
,Recommended,442080,23945801,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,░░╚╝nExþ☻C╥eD░░,"Hour 1- Sees all the shiny Charizards only offered In the 90$ pack... Cries because the 90$ pack was 90$Hour 2- understand that I will never get the 90$ packHour 3- Met a friend who had 90$ packHour 4- followed the friend and helped each other level upHour 5- newly found friend made guild.... Joins said friends new guildHour 6- 1000000 people join guild, 1000000 new friendsHour 7- realizes there are 60000000000000000000000000000000000000 Charizards everywhere....Hour 8- achieve level 14 decide my gargantuan berserker is to large, purchase character change voucher.... Make character as small as he can beHour 9- realizes all creatures in game scale to your characterHour 10- run around as midget killing everything looking for a dragon to fulfill my Charizard shaped hole in my heart10/10 would buy 25$ pack again"
76561197983016925,Not Recommended,442080,29936624,Posted: 14 February,all,DungeonMatt,"The music and graphics are very pretty. There are a large number of tameable mounts, so there's likely something that will suit your tastes. For the most part, it's a pretty solid game. although I've had a couple of system freezes, normally when I've tabbed away during a long loading screen, which have required a hard reset to fix, just because the game seems to stay in front of even the Task Manager.My biggest problems with this game are that mounted combat feels clunky, I couldn't get invested in the story (WHY are level 1 characters guarding the princess of the country as she travels across her kingdom? I can only assume they're all sleeping with their superior officers, because otherwise, you'd want at least a few of your best guarding her), the starting area (Berakka forest, or whatever its name is, I don't remember) is just plain boring, some of the quests feel like they're for characters several levels higher than they're defined, and the reasoning behind why there'd even be the option to seal your mounts into your weapons seems pretty thin on the ground. Many of these mounts are named characters, but you can repeatedly capture them, and then permanently compress them into enchantments. Also, why would your mount change size?A lot of my complaints come from the ""capturing"" of the mounts. You technically create a ""familiar echo"" of the mount in question, which then changes size to fit your character. In addition to this, you can't actually use any weapons while mounted, unless you have the right generic weapon (a crossbow or lance). All of these things just feel like arbitrary decisions to enforce.. balance, I guess?If you enjoy grinding to get your rewards, then this is a good game, but it was far too grindy for me. You can't even reach max level without taking on the secondary quests, which just got boring quickly."
,Recommended,442080,24074299,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Natapea,"I toyed with the idea of getting this game for ages before getting it with my partner on Saturday night. I've not been this immersed in a game for a long time, currently I only really play WoW and Nintendo games. The visuals are stunning, combat is satisfying and the mount and creature mechanics have been very well thought through, the dungeons are awesome and I’m looking forward to aerial raids.I've seen some dodgy looking critters but there’s some absolutely fjjeakfk mounts to get that double up as a mounted comrade with unique abilities like spitting fire n' stuff.We downloaded the game late afternoon/evening 02/07 - It's now around 9am 04/07 and we've both banked almost 20hrs already on it, the proof is in the pudding! We literally sat for 6+ hrs in multiple sittings and there are absolutely no regrets, I’m a changed woman. If you're still unsure we've streamed the majority of the questing/storyline on twitch, head over tohttps://www.twitch.tv/jamesoah- Also looking for comrades in crime btw."
76561198182024227,Recommended,442080,24081710,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,jbrasseye1,"Dragon Age meets WoW.  At first i was a little sceptical about this game, but after much research,viewing and talking to people  on Twitch my apprehension to buying this game was soon put at rest when i began too play this game. It has a few little errors but you show me a perfect game. This game could have a lot of potential and by all accounts the developers are keen to stress that they are in it for the long haul.You know what, im not going to waffle on as there has been a lot said about the game already.I do recommend this game, once past the tutorial the world begins to open up.  ENJOY"
,Recommended,442080,24285418,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Kait Kat Senpai,"I don't know why this game is getting any negitive heat considering how enjoyable it is. Its like WOW with dragons, how can you go wrong!!!"
,Recommended,442080,28654073,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,FilledVoid,This is a great game all the mystical creatures make it very enjoyable. The level caps though can be a bit annoying but other then that it is a wonderful game that is one of my top favorites. Plus its free and you don't need to buy anything in game to be good at this. Furthermore if you do want to buy a buff or store item you can use elluns which can be gained for free from certain daily missions.I very highly recommend this game.
,Recommended,442080,24019638,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,SG_nDiVinEx,"This game is absolutely amazing! For a long time now I've search and search for an MMO that'd keep me interested, entertained and most importantly having fun. I've been a huge WoW fan since early days and I've struggled getting into other MMO's like Guild Wars, TERA and etc. Riders of Icarus is actually pretty special, I only hope the popularity increases!CONS:- Gold Sellers.. Whatever game you go to, they're around! Unfortunately, they're here too.. I'm sure as time goes on, better anti-spam messures will be in place.- Voices.. They can be a little annoying at times.Other than that.. AMAZING!"
,Recommended,442080,24134845,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Mild Mannered Manatee,"Pokemounts The MMO, basically."
,Recommended,442080,24111336,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Leslax,"Riders of Icarus looks so far to be a fun game. The graphics and enviroment are very pretty, the creatures look amazing, and the cutscenes make you feel like you're engaged in the story.The opening scenario really pulls you into the game, as well as teaching you early on how to use your basic abilities and how to dodge and ride mounts. Everything so far has been in English, which is nice. Most of the NPC's have unique dialogue.I like how you can fly mounts as soon as you tame one/leave the starting zone. Leveling seems pretty quick as of right now, sitting at lvl 10 with about 4 hours of game time played.It is still in Beta, and there's a few hiccups here and there, like the voices cancelling each other out during cutscenes, and a few controls/camera angles could be a bit smoother, but the general combat is fun and engaging, as well as making you think a bit to pull off the best combos you can do.I hope they put more enplasis on the multiplayer aspect, so far everything I've done is soloable, with a few times where I've helped kill an elite quest boss, but for the most part it doesn't feel as 'together' as I think it could be, without having a guild to join.Al in all I really enjoy this game so far, and the fact that it is a true Free to Play game. You don't need to spend real money on anything in this game, the currencies you get from achievemnets pay for the things you don't get from vendors."
76561198077322116,Not Recommended,442080,24438558,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Soviet Ponys,"Don't spend a single penny on Nexon, this game is horrible. I have played well over 200+ hours and utterly dislike this game. Lets talk about what the issue are. But I will talk about what is nice about the game, kinda...I'll update this as I play the game more and more.Pros:-Wonderful looking mounts-Open world (Other than some borders)-Decently designed dungeons-Good mount combat-Graphics are alright-Pets-easy crafting, a good thing and a bad thing-Pulling friends as a guardian, its funny, seriously-good looking mounts-teamwork in hard dungeons, you can learn to get better-assassin class is well designed and diffrent than other MMOs-gear looks nice and diffrent, most of the time-party board is alright-able to seal mounts onto armor for nice buffs-somewhat easy to earn ellunsNow the cons...Cons:-Painful level curve-Not completely open world-Tab targeting sucks-mob reset range sucks-no ""side"" quest, you have to do them all-no ui resizing (FIXED, I think...)-standard questing-ten man raid is easy, currently-mount can be killed while taming by others-monopoly of some guilds-trolls guild, seriously, you can't tame high end mounts without someone else taking it-taming game, RNG roll wether you get a mount not-tampering (Upgrading your gear) fails alot-CRASHING, CRASHING, CRASHING, EVERYWHERE!-Nexon support sucks horribly, they don't care about the players at all-Loot system, unfair RNG and easily abused by party leaders-Not a solo game, you need others-guilds are very limited right now, not much to them-guilds are small, and by small a level 1 guild has a max of 40, level 2 is 45, ect.-mounts have energy which runs out fast-crafting is very limited right now, easy yet limited-harsh dying, you suffer greatly and will die many times-loot is unfair in the 10 man raid, and glitched but has been recently fixed-gold spam is still a thing, though it doesn't bother me to much, I have region chat off-selling to vendors is horrible, seriously, a mark that costs like 30g is worth only 10 copper-only 5 classes currently to pick from (more being added later)-new loot system on who does the most damage, gg guardians your going to miss the loot-characters are not connected, along with in game currency (elluns, the stuff you buy!)-limited space in storge and bags, you have to pay elluns for-limted mount space, you have to pay elluns for, at some point they're about $3.50 a popDon't give Nexon a penny when it comes to the amount of issues this game has, they don't care a single bit about anything unless it has to do with money. This game runs off RNG looting and monoply guilds who farm the highest stuff and sell it. I will continue to play the game but it does grind my gears.Edit:So lets talk about Parna's coast update. The dungeons are hard... Alright, they're ok, but hard at some parts. Don't go into those dungeons without decent gear from RoM. The finial boss in the Veil dungeon is really hard and can hit for 3.5k, killing an assassin, priest, or wizard. (A side note, that attack is glitched right now and impossible to dodge, sometimes it works properly but most of the time it's an instant kill) And that's only on elite 5, not heroic. You can't even do the heroic Veil dungeon until level 33, when you can do the elite at level 28. Seriously, what is the point of even doing it on heroic? The frost keep is way better in gear and is easier to run. Though you do have to run Frost keep at heroic 3 since it's so hard on 4 or 5. Alright, so you should be fine with good gear that's tampered up from RoM. Now... Lets talk about the heroic mounts shall we? IT'S STUPID! You can spend like nearly 300g and days of working getting one of these marks for the heroics, but guess what? You still have a huge chance to fail. Even with every way you can increase your odds. I used a potion (3 elluns), the special taming gear from Frost Keep which increases your chances, a title that gives 1% extra, premium, and lowering the health of the heroic all the way. And you know what it still did? IT FAILED ME COMPLETELY... TWICE! Taming in this game is so rng based. I spend days getting marks for 2 of the heroics and each time I failed. In fact, a group of people tried to tame one and failed 6 times. Taming is completely rng based and this is what most people I know have quit from.Also, people wonder why I even bother to continue to play this game if I dislike it so much, I don't hate it, it is fun at times but a lot of things bug me. I also run a guild and I'm not backing down from lead just cause of a few issues. Also, my girlfriend somewhat enjoys the game and I enjoy playing with her.Alright... that is all...Current fail ratio up to date as of 8/18/16:1/12 - only been able to tame one heroic with 12 fails"
76561198039698928,Recommended,442080,23984091,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Pelerin,"After a couple of hours play, it seems like a decent MMORPG.-----After a dozen or so hours play, yea it's quite good.Both melee and ranged mounted combat on the ground or in the air.Dungeons are pretty fun and it isn't too hard finding a decent party.The cash-shop seems reasonable so far.-----60 hours in, still having a good time.Running the (current) end-game dungeon for my set pieces with good rolls.Almost collected all the currently available Familiars.Plenty to keep me busy.-----I'll update my review once I've had more time with the game, but for now I just wanted to leave a thumbs-up."
,Recommended,442080,23994665,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Jiu-Ji†suG☣D,"Game is  Solid .. Your Toon  feels  grounded and not floaty in the game world. Thats an automatic uninstall for me if my toon feels disconnected and artificial.  The actual game world is pretty huge. Deep character creation makes your toon look unique with a lot of sliders for face head body Rivaling BDO and even Aion as far as Creation. hopefully they will add more hairstyles in upcoming patches Combat is sharp and explosive with a great sense of a impact when hitting mobs. This is really important to me. Animation has to be GREAT in an MMO ! There is nothing worse than having your attack in an  MMO feel  like its number crunching only.. its just boring  and breaks lore and immersion.  Every piece of armor has a separate mesh which makes for great unique customization.  Not sure if there is a skinning system for high level  gear or even how it works yet. The engine is beautiful!  cry engine 3  looks phenomenal in an MMO when done correctly.,  Armor is reflective and shiny while others are dark and gritty. looks real nice. voice acting id say is a B-. The real meat and potato's of the game is in the mounts and familiars  you are able to have. Flying is outright amazing! The engine makes great use of HDR and motion blur especially when flying and lends a great sense of scale and speed.  both can be increased or decreased in the options to ones desire.  This review will change over time  as of right now  on a scale from A+ to F-    At launch I give this game an    A-"
,Recommended,442080,24149479,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Q13E5 ︻デ═一,"Edit revision (1)(The gameplay is comparable to runescape, but with a twist.)Its really a fun game to play.It feels like an upgrade from runescape with new content added from time to time.[yes i know runescape is being updated as well.]This game looks great on my higher end pc maxed out and rolling over a solid 120fps ingame.My 6 year old laptop windows 7 PC can barely run it at 30fps at lowest settings. [trust me, i actually tried playing the game] But it should work fine on current gen PCs.There is an ingame shop that you can buy stuff with real money, or ingame stones.(revised) (1) Theres a daily login reward system [that changes each month] for people [even newbies] to earn good stuff from. even secret login rewards!This game is very promising to be successfull, but i do not know how they are planning to get their funding for the long term.yes there is a spam problem going on ingame, but this is currently being worked on.(revised) (1) I have seen many well known botters that are programmed by the same people who are botting runescape now, but they are currently being banned in large numbers according to their web site.[i will try to retype this review as the beta game progresses]"
,Recommended,442080,23966102,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Recklyss,"Alright, where to begin?  After quitting WoW for a couple of years, I had looked else where in terms of genre for games.  Played a few mobas, Rocket League, yadda yadda.  But this game here really brought something refreshing to me.  I have loved every hour of the few that I have played.Pros:- Graphically appealing- Runs SMOOTH on a gtx 970 @ 60 FPS 1080p- Combat is fresh and fluent- Two different combat styles (One an action RPG, the other like classic WoW)- Early game mounts (Instant with any founders pack, Level 5 for everyone else)- Easy to learn crafting- Already know the gathering/crafting skills- Easy transportation with world shrines at every local HUB- Auction Houses- Ingame currency can be obtained through quests/login rewards/achievements- ingame currency is NOT pay to win, allows buying of cosmetics and xp boosts for short periods.  NOT ANY GEAR etc.- Mounts are just flat out AWESOME- Taming basic creatures is simple while more exotic mounts require certain skills/items etc.- MOUNTS HAVE A VARIETY OF SKINS and provide certain buffs to said mount.  Can interchange between skins.- Mounts can be turned into familiars- Familiars aid in combat- Mounts/Familiars can be turned into soulstones (i think thats what they are called, off the top of my head) and can be infused in wepons for bonuses.- Bonus XP for playing in a group- Guilds have levels and give rewards to all members once leveled higher.AND much much more when I dive deeper into this game.Cons:- Some visual bugs at times that require re-logging- Some framerate issues from time to time in detailed areas (especially with lower end PCs)- Gold spammers (early launch, gonna happen)- Cannot report people that are in ""safety"" zones,  typically where the gold spammers stand, slightly annoying.- Typical MMO grind (But that's what we're lookig for in an MMO, it's all about the grind)- Questing can be stale (kill this gather that) but hey some don't mind.- One weird bug that crashes your game if you try switching region.. (fails to authenticate issue for some reason)- Other basic MMO complaints go here.....Final input:If you're on the fence about playing this game / and or buying it.  Just do it.  I was debating for weeks about whether or not i wanted to pay the 25$ for the early head start and I don't regret it one bit.  And if you don't have the money, wait till it opens for free.  It's deffinately worth a look and investing time into.8/10 easily."
,Recommended,442080,23958383,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Lowrater,"Riders of Icarus is a enjoyable mmo, so far. The character control and overall movement seem so smooth aswell when talking questing. The interface seem default as any other mmo, and doesn't makes you confused. All the choices to get most pet / mount seem so amazing. They allowed the player to use mounts for flying and on ground at most areas, which makes the game open and free. It gives a high satisfaction as a player to do so and aren't limited, than few areas.I feel there should be more options regarding character customization, and there is lack of upgrade-able DLC pack's on steam store page. My only downside is that our character doens't speak, tjhe 25+ level cap (currently) and there is some very small bugs regarding texture flickers when loading or cutscenes happens. The textures some places also seem poor and low, even it's set to max. But again, it's in early stage, so it's not a ""big deal"".As for a guy who has a gtx 980 ti, and running the game on a SSD, the fps seem solid at 150-250 fps, within everything maxed out on a 1440p monitor. In big city's while flying, i drop down to 35 fps. The overall design and world, looks great. I've have a great feeling in my stomach, that i've finally found a game to replace Aion for a very long time.As for a game that's just been release, it's doing great. I'm quite surprised myself.#Gonna update this review whenever i've played more, guilding, pvp, pve instances etc."
76561198161615794,Recommended,442080,24110523,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Morgarath,"I really think this game is great. It reminds me of Dragon's Prophet which i loved.The only thing i really want changed is the dodging on an assassin. If something starts a swing at you and you dodge before it finishes it will still hit you. Even  if you go behind it. Which really sucks if youre trying to solo a hard boss with an assassin. So i really think this needs to be fixed. But all in all its a great game so far, and i hope to see a lot of great things from this game."
76561198049317448,Recommended,442080,23982255,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,fluffylunarii,You like capturing cool creatures and make them your ultimate weapons in fight?You like nice graphics?You like classic OR action combat?You like MMOS?...Wanna ride some dragons? (ok .. that sounds wrong)Then go ahead and try it its for free anyway :PHave Fun!Aaaaaaaand you can ride turtles 10/10
,Recommended,442080,23977988,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,ArcAngeloLV,"I played about 10 years of World of Warcraft, and since then have been trying every mmorpg since, including LOTR, SWTOR, Elder Scrolls, Final Fantasy, BnS, BDO, and the list goes ON and ON.   I've put about 7 hours in so far, but this game really has captured me, the taming system is awesome. RIght now max level is 25, with devs increasing it to 35 next month, and so on.  I kind of dig that structure as it will make me want to keep playing and leveling without getting sick of the game after a few months.  If you're an MMORPG fan, you have to give this a try. I will update this once i get more time in Dungeons etc.I noticed some people saying get low FPS with 1080s and other high end gpus... im running the game on a Laptop w/ AMD 7970M and im getting 40-65 fps on max settings.  So honestly i think a lot of those comments are lies.I had someone send me a message asking if the game is Pay to Play or free 2 play. Right now to play you have to buy a founders pack, the cheapest starting at around $25.  The game will officially launch in a few days and will be free to play. I bought the $25 pack, and was worth every penny thus far."
76561198046133474,Recommended,442080,24089708,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,gatesentry,"it's like TERA online, but with more interesting content and skill combos"
76561198139908708,Recommended,442080,23978555,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,JugglingJelly,Riders of Icarus an awesome MMO that cam out of nowhere. I found out about this gam from a banner on youtube and so happy I clicked that banner. This is one of the funnest MMO's i have every played.It is based around taming mounts and dungeons and you get to explore a world full of amazing creatures that take different requirements to tame .It is absolutly astonishing of how this game looks and always wanting you to tame more creatures. If you like exploring and haveing a good time with friends or solo and want to have a friendly community then this is the MMO for you.
76561198027117855,Recommended,442080,23951036,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Clint Eastwood,"What a game! I love it! Let's start with the basics: This is an MMORPG. That being said, it actually runs rather smoothly and fluidly compared to many of its peers. On top of all this, consider the revolutionary chance they took: mounted combat. I know there are games out there with mounted combat, but it has yet to be implemented on this scale and in this fashion. Now, Riders of Icarus has proved to all of us that they CAN pull of mounted combat in an MMORPG.So let's do a quick summary:1. Good MMORPG mechanics and gameplay.2. Mounted ground and flying combat!3. Decent voice acting and cutscenes.4. Great atmosphere and aesthetic items.5. There are microtransactions, but no game balance breaking items. Primarily for aesthetic items.6. Tame and mount up (or fight alongside) nearly any creature in the game!7. A massive world to explore (heavily instanced) with grand cities and unique areas!There is so much more to this game, and I am just scratching the surface of things. I am very pleased with my experience thus far, and I would highly recommend this game to anyone that is interested in getting it. I can't wait to do crazy massive PvP battles and Raids with mounted combat!!! Very exciting game, I will continue to update my review as I progress. So far, I'd give it a 9.5/10"
,Not Recommended,442080,29997509,Posted: 17 February,all,Gamehamster,"Pros and cons.Pros:F2p model is greatGraphics are greatTerrains are variedFree MountsYou can tame a TON of thingsCombat systems mix and match things like Blade and Soul with a Wowish feel and RTC of ESOCons:Extreme ThemeparkLow PlayerbaseNo PVPNo Level ProgressionThese are the things that I've found out in my limited play time. I spent forever trying to get the game to work on a 4k Monitor. It's a known issue that takes Multiple system reboots to fix.Once it was fixed, the depth (even on max) caused many things to ""pop"" into focus which destroys the immersionGame felt empty as if it had a great skeleton and they just pounded out the game to make it playable.The dragons and mounts are epic and character creation is what you would expect from a Korean MMO.Group Finder is still a pain and many end game guilds are few and far inbetween.As a veteran MMO player, cannot reccomennd. This feels like it was made for budding 12 yr old anime fans that need something to cater them the whole way.Don't let my play time fool you, there is nothing to keep you engaged at all."
,Recommended,442080,23940251,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,|ѝЅ| IFuture™,Been ingame since it was launched. People keep saying errors and crashes. Like come on have a patience and wait a bit. Let it load. I launched the game without any problems. Game is great. The only thing I dislike was the fps drops here and there. I understand it's a new game and I know it will be fixed later on. Other than that everything is great.! I recommend it
,Recommended,442080,24046805,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Combi,You can ride unicorns! 10/10 (づ｡◕‿‿◕｡)づ
76561198024677183,Recommended,442080,23992815,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Orakel,"A wild charizard appear, POKEBALL GO !This game got a good start, some good vibes incomingEDIT:Right now, with almost 2 characters at the max lvl of the early acess : games mechanics, has already changed since the previous level.  Dungeons system is not a big revolution, but fair enough to make a decent / good PVE experience, gradual system  Story mod =>  elite mod => heroic mod, is interesting, to make the contains more harder, step by step.Next step is wait the open beta free, to get the acess to the 35 cap lvl. And try the new PVE contain, RAID, dungeons, and tamering.Can't talk that much about PvP, it's not available, yet.No regret, to have paid the early acess pack, it was ok/worth it  in cosmetics/money"
,Recommended,442080,24115090,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Manthium,I was very nervous paying for this as I spent over a hundred for pre release bundles on both archeage and ESO both of which lost interest very fast but so far the only issue I have with this is that they won't take my money.. (a credit limit for paypal etc and a new player block) however as I'm enjoying the game so much I'm not too bothered about speeding it up. Add a way to properly block players in all chat channels (gold sellers) and I would say 10/10 easily.Edit: steam connected purchase is now possible as of open beta release so even better ;)
76561197996331870,Recommended,442080,23939924,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,SAVAGE JANITOR,"Played in beta and now within the 7 day headstart period and I say its worth a shot. The game looks amazing and the engine runs incredibly smooth. I cannot stand mmo's where you swing your sword or mace or whatever and it just doesn't feel like your hitting something, This game does NOT have that problem. Also mmo's where it doesnt feel like your character is actually walking on some sort of ground and more like floating or ice skating across some textures, this game also does NOT have that problem. It's way to early to tell if this game will be worth sticking around for some sort of end game but its worth atleast giving a shot in its current state."
76561198066091727,Recommended,442080,23995816,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Koroido,"Seeing this game on streams I thought it looked pretty generic and boring, but I was bored enough to buy into the beta anyway. I was surprised by how much fun it actually was. Mounted movement, whether aerial or ground, feels good. Combat is sudo-action combat but it has weight to it. Texture detail isn't remarkable but the game still looks nice thanks to nice lighting effects and you feel a sense of adventure. Another little detail I enjoyed was the voice lines when the Wizard casts spells are nice and sound cool when you weave mulitple spells together.Not revolutionizing the MMO genre but worth a try, especially when it goes free to play."
,Recommended,442080,23997985,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,ryubui.,i can tell this game is going to be great. i would reccomend to everyone to play this.
76561198016695218,Recommended,442080,24147680,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,moneg451,"It would have been nice if the capacity planning would have been better.  One server I was queued at 2000 and the other at 600.I guess I'll try back later since I have never been able to even get in the game I can't really rate the game itself. I will say I spoke with support for a few hours to get my beta key and it was painful.Not a good start, but I remain hopeful. I will give a ""Yes"" and will change it to ""No"" if this continues."
,Recommended,442080,24148323,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,« F o X .,"Excellent game, really enjoying it. Although for newcomers if your expecting to play completely free you will have a hard time in this game."
,Not Recommended,442080,25046811,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,_Brimy_,"I am disgusted in the way this game has been developed. It’s a money grabbing scam that is run by a blood sucking Company. There are way better MMO’s out there that are actually finished. Less features than Everquest 1 when it was released. Housing = no, Dyes = no, in depth story = no, Grinding that completely wastes your time = yes, any kind of quality of life = no.Paid for the head start to find out later that it isn’t going into release but beta, I felt deceived and will never trust this company again."
,Recommended,442080,29467579,Posted: 24 January,all,Wildfyre,"I've been playing MMORPGs for over ten years now, and I have to say this game is really fun!   I'm still figuring things out, but I continue to be pleasantly surprised by this game.   I find that with this game I have incentive, meaning there are things I want to accomplish which makes the game more fun because there's always something to do. Also, finally a game that I can play solo or with friends! I'm not saying everything is easy to solo, but it can be done, and it's fun! Many games seem to allow solo play for the first few levels, but then eventually you hit a block where you can't progress.  I haven't found that with this game and I'm level 40 now.  I don't know what the PVP is like because I'm more into PVE.  I will say, I enjoyed this game without purchasing the premium pack, but it is even better with it.  I don't mind paying for something if it's worth it, and this game is so much fun that I find it worth the cost.The following list is what I've been looking for in a game and in my opinion what makes it so enjoyable. If you're interests are similar, I recommend that you give this game a try.  Hope this helps and hope to see you in the game!*Solo, co-op, and group play*Extensive and beautiful character customization*Mounts and pets are an essential component-so many to tame!*Beautiful world with diverse lands*Character and pet animation is excellent*Crafting is simple to understand*Gameplay style options can be changed to action mode or standard*Detailed and matching armor sets actually look appealing*Soundtrack is fitting for the area and pleasant*Most free gifts are actually useful*Spell graphics, quests, and dungeons are engaging"
76561198005882997,Recommended,442080,24335821,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Mephiston. In wildlands beta :-),"Game is very buggy..Looks good , game play is good .. bugs are notGame crashes in ruins ,  run the game again i am dead in the water, no water in ruins.. Can not revive .. Recall stone in inventory , hit inventory button inventory empty...Buggy.Delete priest an start again..Good points when it runs fine it is a nice game, females seem to get less an less armour, not sure about that. mounts are pretty kool. Good graphics not into far enough to comment on story line an depth of game.. Due to bugs. All so seem to get log on fails alot since the patch.... :-)   it time will be a good game at present  bugs just do my head in.."
,Recommended,442080,23999471,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,GHOST FEVER,"Love the game! How ever I've spent 50$ dollars to get the game for both me and a friend, and decided I wanted to upgrade to the 89$ Dollar pack only to find out I can't even upgrade too it? So not only did I spent an extra 25$ dollars but my account received nothing for it, and I can't even choose to spend more on myself. I'm also not exactly thrilled with having to spend a full 89$ instead of just 49 to upgrade my pack! The game is still wonderful though! I just wish it was possible to purchase either an ingame pack for the special rewards or atleast receive a discount for spending the money in the first place!"
,Recommended,442080,23935365,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Thorium9,"feels like your standard MMORPG however the taming mechanic is what sets this game apart from others, the quick time events make taming the beasts a fun little minigame."
,Recommended,442080,24146432,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Marrie Lumia,It for sure a good game one of the better F2P games i have seen and quite exceptional for one comeing from Nexon :) ill update more as i play more :)
76561198060339191,Recommended,442080,23967414,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,⎠Zelous☣Abyss⎝,"Riders of Icarus what can I say. I was excited to add a new mmo to my library, and it was worth the money. This game offers so much when it comes to combat, mounts, and just pure adventure. I hear people are complaining about movements I have to say I have not experienced any of the problem they are complaining about. I would recommend this game to anyone that likes TERA. I am a huge fan now got me hooked. I am excited what is to come in the future for Riders Of Icarus."
,Not Recommended,442080,25037976,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Lwish,-Nexon's game.-Not a good game for p2w haters.-Skills arent casting with comfort.Skills are sometimes delaying sometimes stops casting for nothing.-Priests are too squishy. If you like paladin type healer as me you wont like priest class.-Explosive shoot is too op. Usually it one shoot to its target if it is not guardian.-Worst PvP map i ever seen. It should be 3-4 alliances war not random chotic explosive shoots war. And servers not enough for this map.-It is f***ing Nexon's game.
,Recommended,442080,23944637,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Jigsawsniper,"I have  played this game during Closed Beta and in HeadStart.The game is decent as far as gameplay until I really got into combat past level 5 or even 15.I found that the combat was still sluggish and had random points of being unable to attack forfor a few seconds at a time. The story is a bland theme park story which most can get by withnot caring at all. the COSMETICS are amazing and mounts galore.---  Best Features: Mounts, Familiars, Cosmetics in general.---  Worst Features: Combat is not solid, boring leveling experience, Classes and/or characters are very basic and years behind even some simple MMOs we know these days.I suggest purchasing this game cautiously at this time or waiting a month or so for some fixes.I will continue to play RoI to try out new features and fixes and continue to update the review."
,Recommended,442080,24432428,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,rexywilly,"Pro -- Capturing Mounts- The game is focused on PvE but with PvP content (gonna be released)- your gear doesnt get detroyed when upgrading it.- its a fun game but still betaCons- No Pvp, - I heard there was gonna be PvP at level 30 but you as of right now, can only get to level 25. A mistake the developers made is letting the game release Open beta without PvP.- I didnt get my cape even though i paid for the game 6 days before open beta.... I WANT MY SILVER CAPE- The Combats nice but it need some cleaning up, cause you can hit an ability and somehow the other person in a dual kicks your♥♥♥♥♥ and yours doesnt go off.- Respawn timer on mounts are way to quick..  Even the rare ones that are 3 star have a fast respawn time, which makes it not really a unique mount if everybody can get it in one day.- Guardians can 1v1 anybody and win duals easy as of right now. lvl 25- a little but if P2W on upgrading gear, once you have it +10 on a piece of gear, it give you the options to use Elions (the other part of money you can buy with real money) to give it the option not to degrade after upgrade failure. which if you got cash money chedder cheese you can basicly do this all the way to +20."
,Recommended,442080,24289004,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Guy Fontenot,"I really do enjoy this game. People are giving it a modest review, but I truely enjoy my time playing it. It's most certainly well put together and much better than most other online MMO's i've played. Give it a chance and play to your hearts delight!8/10"
,Recommended,442080,24379661,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Craelys,"Combat is a little buggy, but not as bad as many betas I have played.  Don't really pay attention to the story.  It's nothing special.  Collecting familiars is awesome.  It would be nice if the mini game for taming was more interesting.  All in all I'm having a blast.  For how long remains to be seen with how fast they can increase level cap.  Hoping there are raid dungeons in the future."
76561198004226368,Recommended,442080,24144063,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Arkius,"I have played wow since vanilla, Dark age of camelot, UO, and many other classic mmos. The combat in this game is unique (speaking from playing an assassin). The moves hook you and you crave to level and see what your next move is capable of.On top of this, the taming aspect of mounts is new in itself in the way they did it. I have not reached end game content yet however, I have been addicted since starting my first character and will continue to play this game because it just feels unique. The game is fairly new so you may have to work through a few bugs but overall the game is outstanding. I havent been hooked into a mmo in a very long time and this changed that for me."
76561198092482005,Not Recommended,442080,24098362,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Happy,loggin in simulator >:(
76561197962803298,Recommended,442080,30243821,Posted: 28 February,all,dragonborn,started today looks ok made lvl 10 in no timecapitol looks amazing looking forward to see morenice game sofar
76561197999517467,Recommended,442080,30238853,Posted: 28 February,all,ブラック★ロックシュ,good game overall
76561198104683129,Recommended,442080,30325623,Posted: 4 March,all,Lodas,Hidden GEM! Great storyline and content. Many hours of fun and excitment awaits. Play on your own or grab a friend.
,Recommended,442080,32422085,Posted: 14 June,all,REEEEEEEEEEEEE!,Good gmae
76561198067238226,Recommended,442080,24525860,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Kekkington,Like skyrim with Taming.
,Recommended,442080,24512149,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Aspirin,"I have never played MMO RPG in my life  so i dont think my opinion would matter  but all i can say is that it is a good free to play MMO RPG out there. There is a lot of stuff to do in the game esp. taming animals , riding dragons/ doing dungeons . Since this game came out i havent played anything but ROI with my friends. Hope you all enjoy it too as much as i do or at least give it a tryPS: the mounts are super adorablehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hkFdxNxuENM"
76561197998927831,Recommended,442080,24015003,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Khatami,Can recommend it to any MMORPG Fan out there. This unique pet/mount system is pretty interesting. Combat feels like Blade n Soul. Not much time into the game yet but certainly will stick around. Makes a great first impression. Especially the story line seems well written.
,Not Recommended,442080,25883331,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Woopsie,bots so many bots. and major pay to loose. first 24 levels were kinda fun. then it was just crap after.
76561198301202406,Recommended,442080,23943318,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Durotan,I like Charizard. Many Charizards in this game. I like this game.
76561198050924356,Recommended,442080,23945616,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Tom Brady,"Great Game, A small amount of bugs, but they will hopefully be fixed soon. Really smooth and easy to control."
,Recommended,442080,23942380,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Stormtrooperdood,"If your thinking about playing this game....then go do it, its a fun ""ride"""
76561198001683248,Recommended,442080,24146855,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,azeron the mad clown,not a bad game mix of several MMOs that seem to get it right for a change
,Recommended,442080,24147104,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,SystemAnonymous,"10/10. I highly recommend this game.Its alot of fun.Looks good.Game has regular updates for fixes, and content seems like it will come quick to keep players interested!An MMO that I can play solo and without feeling bored or repetative.I love the taming aspect of the game. Hunting for those Elites then applying a skin and showing them off =]Population is amazing right now! Such a great start for such a great game.For me a con is the flight hight restrictions. Where it auto kicks you off your mount.Apart from that.This game is FREE TO PLAY!GET IT NOW! JOIN IN THE FUN!"
76561197988712629,Recommended,442080,24146568,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Vexix,"After 4 hours of playing I can honestly say I've thoroughly enjoyed myself and plan to play for a while. It is still in open beta so I expect there to be bugs here and there and truthfully I have come across a few, but nothing game-breaking. The wide variety of familiars is great - and the fact that you can use them as mounts or pets is also nice. They do not waste time getting you on a mount and the progession seems to be pretty fair, not too slow and not too fast.9/10 would recommend to others."
76561198313567118,Not Recommended,442080,24921623,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,MBBasar,"Well, fisrt i must say that i play this game since closed beta and i paid $90 for Legendary Pack. I made a review at the start which was positive but i deleted it and now giving negative point.I started this game with big hopes but where this game become now is well, they are in a wrong road.I don't like writing huge paragraphs so i want to give pros and cons, you cna understand why i give negative review.Pros:+Lots of mounts you can use, dragons included.+Character creation+Pets+Crafting system+Taming+Graphics (meh...)Cons:-No advantage in premium, you wait for them to update the game. In this time non premium users catch you easily.-Potions given with premium doesn't stack. Whether you use your potions or not you will get max 20 heal and stamina potions. Your premium time decreases while in updates too. You can't enter the game but your premium time decreasing. False marketing cheating players...-Boring and unbalanced dungeons and bosses. Mostly you can solo dungeons.-Game has no main goal. You try to get best equipments but there is nothing to do after.-PM made this game totaly taming game or lets say this game becomes a farming game. There are lots of mounts to tame but there is no need to tame them because there is nothing to do with all those mounts. You need one ground and one flying mount to complate the game. PM know this critical problem so they started marketing based on taming. Now all players try to catch heroic mounts but as i said there is no advantage between a heroic mount and standart mount because there is nothing to do after.-Some says this game is not p2w but they are totaly wrong. This game is p2w now and will become more p2w. You need ellun to temper your items. You need ellun to increase your inventory space, mount space, bank space, auction house space. You need ellun to revive after death at the same spot without any debuff. If you don't have ellun you will revive from the dungeon start with a 10 minute debuff which effects lots of your stats. If you die again this debuff stacks and well you can not do anything other than wait which is not good for your group. You need scroll which is becoming expensive in long run. ALSO you need to buy premium. Yes i know i said they are cheating you premium but anyway PM made premium that you need it. If you play without premium you will miss many things and you can't level eassily or finish dungeons.-There are lots of gold sellers, advertising givers, bots andd cheaters. You can't right click on a player name to report him and make him quiet. Well enjoy :)-5 class enter a dungeon but only two class can get something. All players in the group giving same time and effort but only two of them gets some equipmöent. Other three is just looking. Well do you play a game that has no justice? I won't!-Lets say you are one of the lucky two. You are happy to get an equipment. You look its stats after you exit from the dungeon with curiosity and happiness. You are berserker and you see wizard stats on your equipment. You are in a shock. Well you will see this lots of times in this game.-Action mod is totaly buggy and doesn't work. It doesn't target enemies automaticly for example so your skills go to air.I can write more cons here but i am tired.CONCLUSİon: Don't start to play this game!"
76561198100459442,Not Recommended,442080,29549256,Posted: 28 January,all,ReNegadeSoul,having trouble with the launcher i would hate for my rider pack to be turned into wasted money can anyone give me some help on this?
,Not Recommended,442080,29525707,Posted: 27 January,all,xTatortots,"The game itself is great, it's just almost dead right now if I'm not mistaken, I wandered around the areas that should be the most populated and I couldn't find anyone, I tried all 3 channels and the game was still emptyIf it was way more populated I would wholeheartedly recommend."
76561198047417414,Recommended,442080,24062499,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Lord Dargon,"This is a game that makes people like me who havent found an MMO say, ""yes, I dig it"". You get to do what you have always wanted to in a game; today I convinced a turtle to be my mode of transportation -I mean come on. All jokes aside, this is a solid game with only minor bugs (ex. not allowing action movement after reloading the game). Besides that, I will be enveloped in the highly in depth character creation and the long list of combos and quests for many hours. If you read this, get the game. If not, wait for the open beta and you will see. I cannot wait to get off my golden wolf and onto a massive dragon. Let's save that oddly hot digital princess from the good looking blonde dude and unite as we fly out beast through the skys of Icarus."
76561198041686345,Recommended,442080,23939850,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Semitron,"Okay so let me put this thing of my chest first...I have over 5000 games on steam, i played 2/3 of these closed betas, reached lv 6 in both of the betas, to get some nice looking beta cape,and after around 5 hours of playing i started reaching lv 14The game itself is quite good, however the mechanics are sometimes abit glitchy/laggy or slow im not sure how to explain it too well...but afterall the ground combat is alright, not the best but meh...Never tried the air combat yet, so i cant judgeSo in conclusion after day 1 release of the game, its a game i can recomend so far :)"
76561198065917463,Recommended,442080,24004369,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Pasta,Very good game. Companion/Mount system is brand new and well done. Very happy with customer service response time and related updates
76561198018670222,Recommended,442080,24133826,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Nightrun,Very solid FTP game.  Level 25 cap is really low but pretty fun game.
76561198319500458,Not Recommended,442080,29827242,Posted: 10 February,all,LunaParrot,System error occurred 999 how to fix this :( I played happily to this happened I'm lvl 44 and I don't want it to go to waste please fix this its annoying or can anyone give me any advice on how to fix this problem I been trying to launch it for ages one this is fixed I will leave a positive review I also spent money on this game and don't want it to go to waste so I need to be able to play again
,Not Recommended,442080,30015507,Posted: 18 February,all,hate,♥♥♥♥♥game cant even get past the launcher.
76561198100931941,Recommended,442080,24088746,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,kyle21nluvnit,I have played this for a few hours so far and I am really enjoying it. There is some repetitive stuff like in the beginning of WoW but it looks like this game has huge potential. I love the taming and riding of mounts. I am sure I am going to be spending a lot of time on here.
,Not Recommended,442080,29616297,Posted: 31 January,all,✪☭Denton72☢☮,"The Game has good gameplayand it has some really good Lore and Mythical creaturesand art style is impressiveMemorable Dungeons not long short and funthe story is fairly simplebut its the small thingsNPC voices wen you talk to them are dan poorly not even tried at some points it feels like who did the voices got bored at later stages of the game of just were drunk at later stages you want your ears do to one voice i won't forget""Why is it soooooooo haaaaard""(at rift)The Main trailer cinematic is false adverstisming because all thouse cool abilities jumping from a dragon to pierce something , first person look, is a lie basiclyMinor unfinished texturesMatren Dungeon for instance near mage boss the building has a hole that a person can pass but you can its covers with inivible wall this gets annoying its like this things have not fixed and its in really memoribale dungeons Matren for instanceand if look carefull at some places some textures are just floating in mid air like grass rocks , owl mount its missing parts beneath it self cleaping trew it.The other is that of items,objects from quests that you need to interactbut problem is walking near it to make that f button to pop up you also need to target it most people now use alr+right-click. But later in game it gets even worst later  some items that require to be looked at or gathered you just need to be face close to interact with or even inside the object  for some ohh its not big deal but its A BIG DEAL WEN you have to do it 60...80...HUNDRET TIMES in the bloody gameseriusly how hard is to make area of object pick up range just a little bit larger? just a bit>>> at some places its game braker  watching how you try to pick up that tellerium and your dragon just scraches its head over it FORCING you to go  and look for a smaller mount.Some flier mounts(wywrns) cant even walk, they can but if terrain is not plain straight then the mount automaticly  goes flying  because that i stopped using them completlyMinors glitches bugs that make your character loose control and you cant attack  but world works chat works.(wen this happens its just better ctrl+alt+del>task manager kill the process of the game and the anti cheat to play the game again just trust me)The Game feels unfinnished and clumsy. Things that are in trailer are not thereSure new content comes out but why not make the rest of the game playble first?It feels like they were trying to do some thing like Elder Scroll OnlineThey almost nailed that  the voice overs but it feels again that people got bored so is in the textures and codingIt gets on nerves wen you have to do hundreds of almost same objectives over and over and 40% of them  have some kind of a glitch.I would suggest this game the first part till 5th location. After 5th location you will get lots of problems.as it is that location where it will hurt your eyes,ears and will just brake your mind at times."
,Recommended,442080,24124189,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Styles,"Best Aspects:- Taming and riding the mounts you can get in the game- Large number of beasts to tame and great variation- Legendary Monsters are rare and tough to find. When tamed or beaten give a huge feeling of accomplishment- Doesn't feel as much of a grind compared to other MMO's, right nowWorst Aspects:- Quests are very tedious and fetch/grab style.- Basic items cost a large amount of silver/gold to get.- Some mechanics are tough to learn unless using a guide.- Combat system is a little weird/glitchy and takes getting used to.Great for Free to Play, give it a few hours before making a judgement of them game. I didn't like it at first but got really interested after getting my first flying beast."
,Recommended,442080,29709021,Posted: 4 February,all,Xen0n,"Great visuals, Really friendly fan base, Lots of quests and a large variety of creatures to tame. Taming feels very rewarding and fun."
76561198069422653,Recommended,442080,24018680,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Homis,Too busy playing to give a legit review...absolutely recommend the game!
76561198045132882,Not Recommended,442080,29614463,Posted: 31 January,all,Kei,"Was playing the game fine and having a blast, while lagging and playing i disconnected and ended up being permanently banned. i begged and ask for help and they refuse to help me, it got to the point where Nexon stated if i continued to try to contact them they will ban my ip from support and games. Not only did i lose the hours i spent on this game, i also wasnt able to transfer my dragon nest account[which i spent tons of money on] to the new owners due to the ban. Sad, im a paying customer and after taking my money they refused to help me. The game was fun while it lasted but yet again another great game ruined by a corrupt game company.Note: its been 6 monthes since that threat that they will ban my ip from support, they said they will contact me after investigating my account but will not lift my perma ban. I have yet to be contacted to this day and hesitate to bother them incase they really do ban my ip."
,Recommended,442080,24100573,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,TooFarJohn,"Short and simple list.Q: Is the game P2W?A: Yes in this game if you pay money you get a noticable and distinct advantage. (""premium services"" that give you OP potions and game skipping mounts . A death penalty that last 10 minutes or cost a bit of in game gold to heal or you slap down 3 Elluns* and you are set to magically revive right then and there. Or maybe a little insurance so you arent penalized while upgrading your gear? boom 10 Elluns and you are set! Other items are mostly /cosmetics/ but be sure to know ""skins"" have actual buffs they give you like faster movement and lower cooldown.)Q: Is it worth the price? (F2P)A: Yes if you do not buy any packs / Elluns, that includes the value of your time**Q: How long will the game last?A: If you are slow and mess around a bit and look at the pretty colors about 30 hours. ( 30 hours and I am maxed with max gear with nearly maxed upgrades and shiny cosmetics and a cool little metal turtle.)Q: Is the combat system balanced?A: As far as PVP goes no way, priests are at a straight disadvantage, maybe a group Vs. group scenario would be interesting. In game combat is pretty basic, I have played some MMO's before and this one is very much the same, nothing super new or unique. Some in game monsters are way to easy for their level and others can 1 hit you in max gear.Q: Would you do it all again? (30 hours, $200, countless support tickets for my CBT cape that I didnt get still.)A: No way. They need to take a step back fromt this micro transaction focused gameplay.* Elluns are the in-game currency at the rate of 9.26 Elluns to $1.00 US** Your time is valued at that of normal people, if you think your time is worth more then mine or others like me you can use this handy calculator I made at this link ---->HERE<----PLEASE KEEP IN MIND THAT THIS GAME IS IN OPEN BETA AND IS FREE. EVEN THOUGH YOU CAN'T PLAY IT YET AND COST ME AND OTHERS A BUNCH OF MONEY."
,Recommended,442080,23930869,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Egg Finger,"I like the rhino guy's voice, reminds me of Dr Claw.Update:You can tame and ride wild turtles. +10Bears are pretty strong. +2Can ride kangaroos +6Can't tame wild skeletons. -10Can tame spiders +5Pirates riding parots +12Flying fish +10"
,Recommended,442080,29564589,Posted: 29 January,all,Micrah,"Beautiful Game, graphics are amazing , action combat is good, very nice mmo"
76561198067638926,Recommended,442080,24580366,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Sapherno11,"Honestly, this barely gets a yes.Now, I""m a founder for the game, and I loved the concepts. Mount and tame almost any beast? That's awesome!Sadly, it....doesn't quite come through.Here's the thing. It handles poorly. It FEELS like a really old school mmo game. If your used to newer games, you'll know what I mean, it feels Clunky.The second reason, is ""claiming"" mounts. It can be awkward, a lot of the times doesn't work like it should, and overall is a frustrating experience, not a fun one.It just...The potential is staggering, this COULD be amazing, but it feels very lackluster right now."
,Recommended,442080,29732746,Posted: 5 February,all,✹ s0cks,Great game
,Recommended,442080,29617765,Posted: 31 January,all,Bio_Bear,good gameplay just a bit laggy
,Recommended,442080,29704556,Posted: 4 February,all,Rob farmskins.com,great game!
,Recommended,442080,29704418,Posted: 4 February,all,⎛⎝♥Onika Bluebell♥⎠⎞,"Sure it's a lovely game, awesome graphics and fun mounts to get and tame. But what anger me was it wasn't letting me put my taming skill on my mount tab, and always going back to my classic tab. I tried really, but i do need help to solve this problem, since this is going to bother me all since there are mounts who fly in the air."
,Recommended,442080,29431386,Posted: 22 January,all,Captain Crazy,OK so my thoughts on this game..It had a few bugs here and there but I managed to get almost 400 hours out of a free to play. You can choose to out money in but at no huge gain over other players. The story line was kinda terrible but lots of fun. Dungeons are great except they become way harder then they should be. I say this cause my group can beat the first 3 dungeons on heroic 5 and even now at endgame with full armor struggle with anything after concern of the veil. Graphics it looks nice as well. I would recommend this game with one thing on mind. ITS NEXON they break everything and have run every MMO they have straight into the dirt. I feel this one will follow sadly. In my 300 hours I have got Alot of free stuff just for playing. But I have also seen them remove servers making it impossible to get things done do to spawn times and so many people doing the same quests. They claim it to be a msiatke but won't fix it. Instead they hand out these things to give us a buff for 7 days. Wich is the dumbest thing I think IV ever seen. And cause they hand them out so much u can't build ur tune based off real stats. I feel they add content that's not needed rather then fixing the server issue. All this being said I'll rate this game 7 out of ten for it flaws
,Recommended,442080,29602456,Posted: 31 January,all,Aldon,the game is amazing love how you can tame what you whant it is kinda like wow
76561198146283086,Recommended,442080,29730146,Posted: 5 February,all,wissle96,"yes?,maybe I like."
76561198315862955,Recommended,442080,29801512,Posted: 9 February,all,Qui,Pretty good looking game and easy to learn. Enjoyable to play every day solo or with friends!
76561198055825951,Recommended,442080,29638826,Posted: 1 February,all,dsweepa,"Aside from the periodic disconnect and unannounced updates; this is a beautifully crafted game that is truely Free-to-Play! If your into trying to finish a game or reaching max level as fast as possible; there are options to make it easier and faster; but why! The game has alot to offer and playability is well structured. Dungeons progress from easy to hard; and as you go level to level you will find it get more challenging. Get a friend or two to start playing and you will be able to enjoy this game with out spending real-world money or having to join forces with peope you would rather not be with.( Making friends is always good for those tough play moments.) Though the ""find group"" is a little weak it can benifit your advanced dungeon play. There is alot to do and many ways to make this game adventure fun. So grab a download; adventure and fight your way through the fun...and spend only if it's your way of playing. - Happy Gaming! to all.- Dsweepa"
,Recommended,442080,24185426,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Markel,"So many people are hating but not considering the potential this game has, and acknowledging the fact that it JUST released for Open Beta. This is the time of constructive criticism.First off, the flying is very smooth, the number of mounts to tame is great. Certain mounts require special items to tame them, which makes it even harder to get all thw mounts, which is nice.Action-Mode targetting sucks at the moment for the most part, have to constantly use tab especially when facing mobs.The skill-bar should have an option to be locked so we can left-click (not right click) skills and not accidentally drag them out of place.Since there are so many mounts to use and they run out of energy, it would be nice to have one key for mounts like a wheel-interface similar to Grand Theft Auto 5's weapon selection. Having your entire ""F"" skill-bar full of mounts sucks when you need more skills to put there :(Anyway, so far so good, little bugs here and there but definitely tolerable. Don't knock this game until you try it out, it's free and has potential to be better than the rest of the MMORPG's I've seen out currently.Also, guilds can only hold 40 members :(If you need a guild, [WICKED] is recruiting. Feel free to whisper KingSyris in-game to join. (Markel_216 for Steam)"
,Recommended,442080,29624867,Posted: 1 February,all,Xion,"Great game. Graphics are beautiful, scenery is beautiful, combat flows nicely. Really good for a ftp. Only downside in my opinion is the way it looks and sounds when you're sprinting on a mount. Rlly annoying"
76561198313133901,Recommended,442080,29703309,Posted: 4 February,all,TomásR18,Pretty good Game! Try it! The graphics are great and it's really fun!
,Not Recommended,442080,25085525,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,S.T.A.R.S,Since the last update this game has turned for the worse. Even if you have decent gear anyone who has all herioc marks and better gear can one shot you in PVP. Yes you can travel in guild but even then the smaller guilds will not survive. Really stupid and silly in that you can get one shotted. Pvp and the new zone is a huge failure and game killer. You should be able to turn off PVP in new zone cause they where stupid also to make mounts and new quests that you can aquire but if you way under geared you have no chance. It's obvious these guys or people are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Unless they fix this garbage this game which had a chance to be one of the best is totally garbage as is now. They should of kept mounts and quests seperate from PVP zone. In PVP zone it should be farming for guild resources thats it. I hope they get a brain and fix the classes for even if you have the best gear others can compete even with lower gear period. Huge dissapointment and the Shop is way over priced. These guys are follwing Dragon's Prophet in that the game will die.
,Recommended,442080,29752734,Posted: 6 February,all,ShadowX,Played a little bit.....Loved It
76561198006363388,Recommended,442080,23964997,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,CoLS Firestar,"Game is as stated on the tin. Tame a bunch of different creatures.If you have played no other similar game, then yes, this game is highly reccomended and you will have fun!However, within the genre, I'm just not seeing this game shine at all.BDO has much better graphics. A prettier world, better lighting, better water.Dragon's Prophet has a more complex taming system that can fail easier.Taming to me is not that challenging. Seems like whatever creature I want, I have it within a few minutes.Thankfully the game shines over DP in terms of grinding in that it has variety in the ""go kill XXX"" quest but that's because DP was a terrible system that had what, 4 mobs that were painted differently?I have yet to try this game's shining jewel, mounted combat so there's a good chance this review will change when I get there, but so far, this game is just a standard MMO where everything else out has something slightly better."
,Recommended,442080,29827011,Posted: 10 February,all,Tiensama チエンサマ,pros:fun gamenot too crowded makes you feel like wandering in the woodsf2pfriendly peoplenice graphicsgood gameplaycons:updates every week like 10 gb which is annoying
76561198046342367,Recommended,442080,29619360,Posted: 31 January,all,ari_ktz,"This is one of the best MMORPG FTP games out there right now.not only is the game fun (!!) ,you can actually get the things you need to progress from playing it.I have spent some money on it,but that was only an appreciation to the Game Developers,so they will keep up the good work -- you DO NOT have to pay to play this game,but you can...if you want to.As far as Gameplay : if you have ever played a Classic PC Game MMORPG ,then you KNOW there will be some grinding,and if you learn what your Class can do,then the grind will not be so horrible.the Skills are sensibly made to fit the Class.Mages blow things up,Tanks need to Tank...The Mobs : almost every Creature can be tamed,there are some that are impossible to tame.The Tamed Creatures can be turned into things to add to Armor/Weapons and they act as Passive Buffs.so farming them actually is not just fun,but also useful ! and the artwork for this game is VERY nice -- the Mounts look amazing,and respond to their type of play in kind  : Land Mounts behave the way they should on the ground,and Flying Mounts move dynamically to their Environment.there are a bunch of Humanoids/Rabini/Undead that are there to kill,and they behave on a manner suitable to their type.All in all : A GREAT game,well worth testing it : if you have a good graphics card,then jack up the graphics and have a ball :)"
76561198260848240,Recommended,442080,29885816,Posted: 12 February,all,Devil's Advocate,Ammazing game i love it
76561197969401249,Recommended,442080,24089023,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Buru,"So far so good.  Only lvl 15, but the first dungeon is fun to run, done on 3 difficulties so far.  The proof will be in if there is a good end-game raid system later on, but it has the making of a good mmorpg.  Hopefully it doesn't to P2W."
76561198011533101,Not Recommended,442080,29579480,Posted: 29 January,all,Wash2,"NEXON is a huge pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ Over an hour to reactivate my account...now it says that account is already assigned to a steam account! Yes it is. MY account. Also DONT give nexon your actual email address, make a junk one. I got hit with so much spam after setting up my original, i had to creat a new one. NEVER AGAIN NEXON!!!!!"
76561198052753990,Recommended,442080,24122096,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,jaglass12,Love this game
76561198111958082,Recommended,442080,24120968,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,❤ Sammi ❤,"Totally love this game.. So much to do in it.. So many mounts to tame, that u can turn into pets, if u wish.."
,Recommended,442080,24123333,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Azrael,"So far, this game is amazing it's everything i was hoping for, I haven't bought a game on a whim in a long time. Nor have i wrote a review. I haven't been this happy with a purchase in a long time."
,Recommended,442080,23944485,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,DocGarrett,"This game, by no means, is a revolution to the MMO genre. It builds off the basic mold of what most MMOs have been shaped from. That may turn some people away from a game right from the start, but sticking to the basics is not bad idea. There are too many games that look to redefine a genre. Some of these games do what they set out to accomplish, many do not. I believe a game, such as Riders of Icarus, will benefit in the long run for taking the cautious route. Hopefully we may see the Devs step outside their comfort-zone in the future, but only time will tell. That all being said, ive found RoI to be rather fun, and I have barely scratched the surface of what this game has to offer."
76561198029512503,Recommended,442080,24120288,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Murphy's Law,"Alright, it is maintnance time. Time to wright a review The game is awsome in short. If your wireless you may drop now and than thats the only issue I had really wanna see this game succeed and have a great community honestly so much to do gear progression is kinda nice like tera the mounts and companion system is awsome the crafting system in the game is pretty good reminds me of older WoW. The action combat is not that good and I play a tank and use tab target. there are some mounts that take ALOT to get but hey that is challanging and time consuming you shouldnt have everything handed to you if u want stuff handed to you go back and play WoW. the graphic's are decent i like them at least. the story well i dont read the story soooo cant say anything there still the grinding is actually nice everytime you kill something you get gold wich is actually usefull in this game. I got the 50 dollar pre order to support the game. there stagering release so were not going to have mounth's of dead time with nothing new to do wich is ingenius i was worried when I saw it was nexon but hey they havent let me down yet the cash shop is nothing special and you get cash currancy by finishing achievments and some dailies so if theres something you want out of there just play the game. I like it reminds me of my old days in WoW just a few little tweaks need to be made like a mute/ban button in Chat but as for now that's all I have will update with end game info from what guildies say its still alot of fun and dungeons are well done."
76561198000550590,Recommended,442080,24121358,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Omega,good graphics and an interesting concept on mounts and pets. Defnittely a fun mmo but feel lacking with the low level cap and limited space to hold pets. Would greatly benefit from a ranch or stables place to hold familiars that can be expanded for gold instead of having to earn/purchase the cash shop currancy.verdict: Get it if you enjoy MMORPGs and collecting but be prepared to make hard choices on what to tame as a pet and mount as you cant have them all at the same time for free.
76561198055476528,Recommended,442080,24161924,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,b.dyer1234,"One of the best games i have played. Not yet got very far into the game, but have enjoyed everything about it so far. Thoroughly recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,442080,24163562,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,SkullBoom,"I usually don't write reviews, but this is the first time that I am really upset about purchasing something on steam.This game is the same boring WoW-styled MMORPG that has at least 1000 other clones with similiar gameplay. I thought this one would be different and it actually has some nice points, the graphics are decent and the taming mechanic is kind of nice, but after a few hours it gets super boring.But that is not the reason why I am so dissapointed. This game is pretty much unplayable now that the open-beta has started. This is in some way of course understandable, but I payed 25€ to play this game and yet I have to wait around 20 minutes in the queue before I can start playing only to be kicked out of the game after 10 minutes.So playing it for free is fun for a few hours but I really don't recommend paying anything for this game."
76561197973237566,Recommended,442080,28010039,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Brazuca,"Good game, looks incredible.Gameplay is standard MMO stuff, but mounts look fantastic and are fun and addictive to collect!Give it a go, you can play and enjoy wihtout spending real money, and if you like it you can get convenience stuff and support the game with a premium account or buying separate items.You won´t find an MMO out there in which you look cooler than on the top of a huge badass dragon mount in Riders!"
76561198021547673,Recommended,442080,24125673,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Pickle Rick,"Ive played 80 hours lol...i have 3 25's Im loving this game. its not perfect its not finished, somethings bug me but overall im having alot of fun. the Dungeons are pretty bla right now. nothing really to them just kinda hack n slash your way. but max level is only 25 and these are still early to mid lvl dungeons.  The Collecting aspect of the game is amazing. its basically a game within a game. you could easly get to lvl 25 and just work towards getting them all. or you could be like me and level the crap out of as many characters as you can. I have a Guardian...Assassian and Priest.-Consblah Dungeons for nowpretty straight forward questing. you almost feel like you are just going along a path.some minor bugs like tabing and afew odd things here and there.Mounted combat. everyone pretty much does the same thing. i feel like they could do so much more with this and make each class different when they are on the mount. but for the most part its just strafe strafe explosive arrow. or Spin to win with the lancebag space...for the love of god please give me more bag space..these 8 slots are just killing me. and 5 dollars for a 16 slot..i cant do that on each character.-Pro'sGraphics: its pretty, always stuff going on in combat and you feel pretty bad♥♥♥♥♥when you can combo all your skillsCOLLECTING MOUNTS...its like Pokemon. so it brings back alot of similar feelings. love itThe whole setting is just very well done.the 3 classes that ive played all feel very different and each have there own learning curve to them. alot of room to stand out and be ""master"" of your class"
76561198042649053,Recommended,442080,24146125,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Realizer,"Many of the reviews here about lack of content are a bit misguided. The game is being launched the same way it was in KR, slowly... They are taking their time to balance things before releasing it in the Western market, which is a good thing.I wasn't expecting to enjoy this game as much as I have, but after playing it for a bit, I'd recommend it over most all of the other ""Free to Play"" mmos I've tried."
76561198090564177,Recommended,442080,24073509,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,AE | Jon Snow,this game is a great game i did have some issues but after i got over them i manged to play this  game and i think it is great
,Recommended,442080,24169156,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Play With Me,very fun game with lots of possible progress. People say its a pay too win game but the only thing i can see that you pay for is skins and character costumers. People say that its a rip off blade and soul. Its a mmo of course theres going to be similarities. This game has its own flare it gives me a drive to tame all the beasts and play all day
,Not Recommended,442080,29960565,Posted: 16 February,all,Chicken'N'Rice,"Game play really good, nice concept, you dont need to use really money to purchase any content to enjoy the game but it would take you longer. However i still cant recommend this to anyone since there is no dedicated server, game still crash all the time in the evening in the UK and i got disconnected to the server most of the time in the evening as well. The dev should put a price tag on this game may be lik 5 pounds or 7 dollars for the game instead of making it free to play since they need money to maintain their server and working on updates.EDIT: nexon is not a good game publisher they ban my account for no reason and i cant contact customer support to get it back and the reason they ban my account they put the Star symbal (*) as their reason"
76561198110848514,Recommended,442080,30201954,Posted: 26 February,all,EndlessSkills,This game has alot of exciting functions to offer. From the mounts and pets that you can tame to the different classes and weapons you can obtain. You can also soar through the skies with your mount and fight your war through hordes and hordes of monsters. The community in this game is extremely nice and they will offer help if you ask them. The game is F2P and i believe you can obtain most of the stuff in this game for free with the grind of a couple of hours. The only time you have to pay i believe is with cosmetics. The game is free to play and requires no charge at all to play so why not give it a chance? I would totally recommend this game to anyone who wants to try out a new and fresh MMORPG!
76561198211575431,Recommended,442080,29708447,Posted: 4 February,all,Lebeau,"I definitely recommend this game! besides some minor glitches (e.g: I failed a mission, but then in order to try again I had to  reboot the game, it wouldn't let me just restart the mission while still in the game) it's a really good gaming experience, plenty of options for controls and character customization, maybe the development of the main story line kinda feels a little slow at the beginning but then it starts getting interesting, I mean, I played 7 hours straight on my first time! If you ask me, I loved the game. Can't believe it's F2P!Enjoy!"
,Recommended,442080,30067709,Posted: 20 February,all,●𝕯ino𝕱uzz●,"LOVE THIS GAME. It's gorgeous. The creatures are so diverse and different, and each one has it's one unique style. The Flying and Mounting mechanics are AMAZING. I have never seen a game with so much freedom in terms of mounting. The Story in incredible, with cutscenes here and there, Voices, amazing characters, and there is so much to do with the story. The quests? Plenty of them, I wasn't even halfway through the first world and i completed 50+ quests. Crafting and upgrading is fairly simple once you know what to do. Overall: 1000/10!!"
,Not Recommended,442080,29453418,Posted: 23 January,all,Dreken,boring
,Not Recommended,442080,29459278,Posted: 24 January,all,Beer Samurai,didnt enjoy it
76561198114103280,Not Recommended,442080,29858028,Posted: 11 February,all,Requis from n1gg3r farm,"Your account has been deactivated for your protection, due to account inactivity or improper attempts to access your account. Please log intoNexon.netand follow the instructions.(http://www.nexon.net/#/login)(1580)Please close the application and try againALREADY LOVE THE GAMETHANKS NEXON!"
,Recommended,442080,24026581,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Dickachu,"I have a pet turtle, that I can ride.Support this game.Throw your money at this game.Turtle."
76561198171194078,Recommended,442080,30191845,Posted: 26 February,all,WibblyWobbly,Writing this after 1k hour.NOT pay 2 win.Nice GraphicsGood CommunityFun maps and mobsGreat managementThis game deserve more players for sure.
,Recommended,442080,24002592,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Kali-Long,Like Neverwinter met Tera and they had a baby.
76561198056591217,Recommended,442080,23931494,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,marth396,"Even though this is the head-start launch, I still suspected that there would be problems when launching. I keep getting a runtime error code...."
,Recommended,442080,24096086,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Dru,Best MMO what ever played.... !!!Great Job ! Thanks for the game
76561198118535192,Not Recommended,442080,30213481,Posted: 26 February,all,Flagrantly Lewd,"I tried to open it, and it prompted me to create an account. Wouldn't let me set a birthdate for a day other than the first of any given month in the year 2011. Figured it might run me into some age restriction problems later, so I went to the website, where the buttons didn't work. When I searched on google the ""create account"" section, it kept asking me to log in. Maybe they got hacked? I'll keep checking back but this is very disappointing."
76561198048246256,Not Recommended,442080,30186550,Posted: 25 February,all,tai2cb,Personally the downside of this game is that I played Revelation Online closed beta before I found Icarus. The one thing that stood out instantly were the gameplay mechanics felt very clunky and slow. I found myself tapping butttons or clicking multiple times before there were any responses from the game itself. I double checked my ping and it was working just fine. Just to access the game itself was an ordeal because whenever I launch the game itself I get that Irritating Microsoft C++ 2010 Message but whenever I restart my computer it works fine until I exit the game and I try to play again. Too many issues just trying to start this game I give it a pass. Steam next game please
76561198194853328,Not Recommended,442080,24234878,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,barryB,it is 2-3 ours of fun. the thing that went wrong is that all the quets are the same
76561198330907189,Recommended,442080,29637351,Posted: 1 February,all,AQUAMARINE THE WATER DEVIL GEM,This game looks BEAST but sadly i cant run this game on my computer :(
76561198074225870,Recommended,442080,24015479,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,cronos_53,So far its great!
76561198134093984,Recommended,442080,24083199,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,mmo4life,Game is top notch!! Lots of fun and very stable.  Gameplay is engaging and character progression is smooth.Highly recomend trying this game out!
76561198048965861,Recommended,442080,23971665,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Galaxer,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,442080,24158954,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Sujieun🥇,Whats Pokemon doing on Steam?
,Not Recommended,442080,24207494,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Xianyu,"I want to like thsi game. I really do.I loved Dragon's Prophet, even if there were few players. And this looked like a continuation of that. But...It's just not that good.The problem is that everything is fine, but nothing is great. While the engine used for the game is, well, to be perfectly honestly, just pretty all-around♥♥♥♥♥♥ Combat feels awkward, at least for an Australian with lag issues. Nothing feels fluid at all. Everything judders and stops and starts.The pets you can get are fine, but they don't really do anything other than look pretty. There are legendary pets that are the best of the best and they are predictably camped to absolute oblivion. Trying to get your own Fenrir is an exercise in retardation as you have to go into a solo-dungeon to get the item that you need to tame the wolf, but it only drops SOMETIMES. And then it's consumed when you TRY to tame the monster.So if you fail, go back and grind for another item.The taming system, too, is absolutely, one hundred percent AWFUL. You jump on the monster. And the game takes over.It decides whether the monster bucks you off or not. The only way you can influence it all is when the game arbitrarily decides to ask for your input by pushing W, A, S, or D, depending on which one is glowing. But even if you manage not to ♥♥♥♥ up this stupendously hard quicktime event (that was sarcasm, it's pretty goddamn hard to ♥♥♥♥ it up) the game can still decide 'hey, ♥♥♥♥ you in particular' and the mount knocks you off.And then there's the sheer lack of foresight from the company running this game. You have a cash shop, obviously. It's a f2p game. but you can earn money from the cash shop for acheivements. Sounds great, right?Well bots can earn the acheivement.Bots can earn the easiest acheivements, buy up megaphones, and then SHOUT TO EVERY ♥♥♥♥ING PERSON ON THE SERVER.When you kill a monster, the loot bag drops at your feet. Not where the monster died, but literally right in front of you.It's like they were ASKING for the to be abused by gold-sellers, and bots.This entire foray is entirely generic and unpolished. From the way game systems are handled, to the engine itself, this feels like the work of amateurs.I got a mage class to like level 16 and I no longer wish to play. Nor do I wish to try the other classes. The entire game is just bland.Try it if you must, but don't hold any great expectations."
,Not Recommended,442080,30004916,Posted: 18 February,all,Seco,I don't like gameplay.
,Not Recommended,442080,24194694,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Deathfather,"Character Creation: Garbage, Hairstyles clip through your clothes.Combat: Clunky.Graphics: No as good as the screenshots.End result: Garbage game."
76561198294030064,Recommended,442080,29702340,Posted: 4 February,all,Speedership285,good game but annyoing to launch because it requries microsoft visual C ++ and it is hard to get :(
76561198205188516,Not Recommended,442080,24251704,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Sir Mornir of Godswood,Did not like the interface. Did not seem well polished. Weird transitions. I truly wish it were better because I want to ride Dragons. 5/10.
76561198024881084,Not Recommended,442080,25504609,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,ZyrusXavier,I just saw a GM summoning world bosses and giving a away items to a random account that apeard out of no ware max lvl with no equip at all and out of no ware(gm just give him) all the legendarys items to that player with everything +10
,Not Recommended,442080,29629424,Posted: 1 February,all,tiibbz,when i first started playing this game it was good and i was looking forward to what it had to offer .i spent many hours farming bosses and getting the same ♥♥♥♥♥♥ loot . i have now stopped playing becuase the game started to be all about who wanted to put money into it . they changed how loot was disperced from bosses which in the end people stopped playing becuase of and also lack of content and how long it took them to bring it out always facing delaysthey got money hungry in my opinion.the game was good but is now dead and everyone left
,Not Recommended,442080,29526479,Posted: 27 January,all,weedey,cant even play it. it keeps booting me from the server
,Recommended,442080,24729194,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Mkw66,biubiubiu
76561198020619988,Recommended,442080,30089936,Posted: 21 February,all,SilverAura,Very enjoyable game.
,Recommended,442080,24174826,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Kroanoah,It's good.
76561198042945694,Recommended,442080,24026159,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,archlord,"what DP couldnt do ROI made it great here's to more! very enjoyable game despite the few bugs here and there,it will turn out quite good in the near future its worth the early buy imo.Lets hope Nexon doesnt turn it into a P2W game us western people are fed up with that,but other than that very good game.9/10"
76561198032196935,Recommended,442080,24042002,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,revengeiseek,"So ive played this game for a few hours, its not bad. Its funny how the specs to this game are pretty low. And.. the reason for that is because this game can run on low running machines. But me.. No no no. Im running this game on a GTX 1070 with an i7 4790k at 4k(UHD). and what I have to say, this game is ♥♥♥♥ing beautiful. the graphics are stunning at 4k.  My GTX runs at 50-60 fps at 100%. The game play is really fun. I played FFXIV for years and this game reminds me of it. Not very many players at the moment since I am playing this before release date. But.. til than."
,Recommended,442080,24123951,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Zesen12,"If you like Tera, Blade and Soul and that type of games. I think you will like this one.And, as always. Gotta catch 'em all!Most familiars (monsters) are catchable, that gives you something to do for a while, Played a week and I still havent caught everything!"
76561198056706015,Not Recommended,442080,33931966,Posted: 31 July,all,TheDrakenKnight,"Played this game since beta, and quit last month. Up until December the game was fun and enjoyable but due to several poorly managed events and horrible end game crafting system I decided to leave the game. The reason I mention December is thats when the game went pay to win, which before it was pay for convenience which is a big distinction to make. Also did not help that the folks at Nexon made some of the mounts in game worthless by changing their stats from the asian version. The Pay to Win part comes from the Horrible fail rate on taming mounts that are required to do harder content and the cash shop simply providing you with a mount that is equal to that. You get a sense that they make the fail rate extremely high to push the cash shop in the later stages of the game.All in all for people who are looking for a very casual game you might enjoy this but if you want to compete get the master card ready.I left the game top 5 mages in spire, had my fun gl to those who still enjoy it!"
,Recommended,442080,24120501,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,megasjur,love it
76561198205181475,Recommended,442080,23959630,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Flex,When I tried to install the game it would automatically tell me the Download is paused and I could not complete the process of the download. What exactly is the problem? Because I have the Legendary DLC Pack too so I get the 7 - Day Head Start so it should be working and clearly it isnt
76561198134108704,Recommended,442080,23944634,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,mmo4life22,This game is super fun!  The graphics are pretty.  Character creation is nice.  Having a blast in the game.  Come join the fun!9 hours in.  Doing dungeons now.  The game is really great.  The dungeons are a blast to do with friends.  I'm loving this game!
76561197983817749,Recommended,442080,24315406,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Neo,"Great game, I like everything with it .. They have worked hard to get the mount/families design to work, and it's really fun where you can choose diffrent ways to fight .. LIke you can choose to fight with your mount or without . Very nice graphic for a MMORPG game, and loads and loads to do even when the lvl cap is still lvl 25 . Many dungons you can do beside the side quest and main story. Looking really forward for the continue of this game. And the game is not pay2win at all, you can earn ingame coins by just being active and do the achivements. You have loads of hours of fun and when you maxed lvl you just hunt familias/mounts for new achivements and gear. Very intresting crafting system where some is easy to scavange to get and others that is really hard to get.It's all about tactics of your skill use. Only thing that will be very helpful is being a premium player you then active some items that makes the game go faster with xp boost,Storage and AH in the bag so you don't have to travel to them.. But the storage manager and AH are many place on the maps, so not really far to travel if not a premium.I give the game 9/10 little negative of spammers trying to sell gold, but I feel the admins is all over it now and makes ways to push the spammers out. And you can simple just block the spammers. But like I said this is a really good game, long time since I liked a MMORPG as much as this one.  :)"
76561197993268745,Recommended,442080,24370977,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,BamBam,.
76561197971144864,Recommended,442080,24055631,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Imperious,"Cool game, would be nice to have a more populated world."
76561198329276250,Recommended,442080,30208755,Posted: 26 February,all,TheDoctorette,"Its ok, Community isnt what i thought it to be."
,Recommended,442080,23953423,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,People=Shit,"Have played in all the closed betas. Game is optimized good which is a big plus when it comes to MMOs. It's fun, cozy...kinda gave me nostalgia to when I played WoW back in the day. The story isn'tactually bad either so don't skip through it."
76561198123641806,Recommended,442080,29427058,Posted: 22 January,all,Vanillaz,I really like this game! :)
,Recommended,442080,29427263,Posted: 22 January,all,Owl,kinda mediocre. - 11/10
,Recommended,442080,30156842,Posted: 24 February,all,SieteUno,Great game!I been playing around 3h and it keeps me playing with interesting mechanics and lore. Nice Work
76561198350118826,Recommended,442080,29412999,Posted: 21 January,all,sup_guys3,good game
,Recommended,442080,29772645,Posted: 7 February,all,Death Element | gamekit.com,"So far, it's pretty good and the fact that they give daily rewards (a heroic mount on the 2nd day) makes it the most generous RPG I have played in a while!"
,Recommended,442080,29760371,Posted: 7 February,all,Apophisss,güzel oyun
76561198312954661,Recommended,442080,30088941,Posted: 21 February,all,The_Immortal_Death,"I have a windows 10 computor and i meet all requirements, yet I still can't play it. Don't get me wrong, it looks incredible, but i can't get it working."
,Recommended,442080,29953792,Posted: 15 February,all,Old Gregg,"One of the best MMO's i've ever played, and after about 50 hours in game I can still say the same.  Riders of Icarus blends magic, swordplay, massive (and I mean HUGE) maps, even bigger bosses (most of which are tameable and rideable), and pvp elements.  Overall, if you are looking for something to play, this game rocks."
76561198241856620,Recommended,442080,25660359,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,drop_trooper112,its very fun i even got the founder pack
,Recommended,442080,29757930,Posted: 7 February,all,DragonLord,"Epic game, Beautiful graphics.Only played for a couple of hours but I love the quests, it has a great story line and very well made side quests.I deffo recomend this game to anyone. 10/10"
,Recommended,442080,29308835,Posted: 16 January,all,▫ŠℴŠ▫ Kiya,It's a decent game.
76561198018454491,Recommended,442080,29425555,Posted: 22 January,all,Covrigel,"So far it's a great game, I'm only level 10 though, I hope that later in the game it's not one of those pay-to-win games."
76561198299769341,Recommended,442080,30149407,Posted: 24 February,all,Theiviarksman5,8 outa 8 game
76561198122270278,Recommended,442080,24163644,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Shady_Gamez,"Many have asked me if this game is worth playing and I am going to give you my yes answer and why you should play this game. If you have other questions you would like to aks, please visit and follow my twitch channel,twitch.tv/shady_gamezHere are the reasons you should play Riders of Icarus (ROI),Pros:-This game is not P2W  (pay to win)-Only thing you can BUY is Tempering enhancements which go on your gear-You can buy Appearance items-Not an extreme grind-Taming of animals in-game (Gotta catch them all)-Alot of content coming in the next few months starting end of july with level cap increase. 25-35- Just play it, it's awesome!Cons:-Holy gold farmers (so much spam)-population is kind of low-Clunky fighting system (still worth playing for free)-Beautiful environment with four more areas being unlocked this year-server que is high (they are updating and fixing as I write this-Guild Hall options (very Limited) No guild bank -hoping they will add laterIn the end I am reccomending this game because I wanted something new, not complicated which would fit my worklife. This game impressed me and I will continue to play it. Again, if you have questions, stop by my twitch channel! :)"
,Recommended,442080,24167497,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Quail,"I paid for the cheapest founder's pack to get a day head start on the beta. I'm enjoying the game overall, it's pretty much my first mmo (I generally don't like the style of mmos) and it runs pretty smoothly for a beta. Lovely graphics, as of today not P2W, devs seem to listen and are very responsive.It's free, I don't see how anyone who's been playing for free could be complaining! Yes, it's buggy but the reason we're playing is to help with that :)"
,Recommended,442080,24163586,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,[C.B.W]focuspokus,"I love the game. They have gotten the server sorted out for the most part and as far as I can tell there will not be another 1800 person queue to join a server. Now all that remains is for the Dev's to tune up the game. Once that is done an RPG like never before will be produced, hopefully."
,Recommended,442080,24164693,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,BelleGueule,"ProsNice combat system,you can change from the classic mmo control to the Action Blade and souls like control.Hell lots of mounts you can tameLegendary mounts that required special action to be able to tame themConsQuest can be repetitive.Quest are not shared throughout your group so if you need to pickup an item 12 time each group member need to pick  up the 12 item themselfnpc ofter repeat the same line over and over. (can be annoying)on release day they had only 2 server ready for the player meaning long queue time.Other Thoughts:I played only for 7hrs so far so i do not know what the end game looks like.I will update my review once i have more playtime."
76561198032091365,Recommended,442080,24162832,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,I'm Rick James Bitch!,"Love this MMO!  Old ideas mixed with a few new ones make for a great experience.  So far it doesn't seem to be a cash grab, but they give you opportunities to grind Ellun for the shop anyway.  2 Thumbs way up!"
76561198151777955,Recommended,442080,24164491,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,ChewKokLong,"All the negatives are usually little kids who just complain about spammers and reminding them of other bad games but this is not the other games, however if you actually play would know that this game is a beutiful, and fun game. ( I reccomend the priest class since ou will be taking alot of damge in this game)"
,Recommended,442080,24164269,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Sparlexna,"Before I start the review, ALL the people who downvoted and said dumb things about the game havent actually played the game, if you think a game sux by playing 1-2 hours and not actually having the ""brains"" to learn what to do or the game mechanics then please dont bother saying the game is bad, YOU are bad.Review:8/10 game is great.Not perfect but will give a 9/10 by the end of this month when devs add more new content.Its a little buggy here and there but devs are slowly working on them and actually fixing some stuff. I have played alot more hours than what it shows because I played on nexus client before I switched to steam.Its a good game with very fun play and at this stage of beta some bugs are considered ok. I recommend this game to any mmorpg lovers out there.GOTTA TAME THEM ALL!"
76561198121084400,Recommended,442080,24226938,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Em ツ,^^
76561198145881658,Not Recommended,442080,24084680,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Narukami,"What started out nicely has become an hourly making an excuse to continue to play rather than the desire to do so. Its just not going to get any better. Leveling after level 20 is a grind. Ive played Guard to level 22 Wiz to level 16 Assasin to 5? Healer to maybe level 3. Theres really no point in playing any longer. The TIMERs on dungeon are  rediculous. You EITHER want people to play or you DONT! The in game currency is not so much a sink since you are rewarded for doing almost everything via achievements however, Like hell am I buying into paying for it. I did buy into the $89 package but Hell my 30 days is almost up and like hell am i going to FLY for 20 minutes to some area to get access to storage or the Broker Auction house W/e once that 30 days is up or even Buy in to get another 30 days of access. I do believe they did it the right way with the Store but i have to be brutally honest. I so wanted to really like this game. Its just not that great.That being said I do have to change this to NOT reccommendedProsGraphics 9/10Music 3/10Charector movement 8/10Charector skills 6/10PVE AI 7/10Environment 7/10Fun factor 5/10Community 7/10Mounts 7/10Pets 7/10Flying 5/10Combat 5/10Crafting: I have not gotten into much of this however, this looks quite compatible with many other games great crafting systemsCons:Starting Bag Space 6/10 <--- I bought into the 89.99 My main has much bag space. My first Alt has limited. Perhaps there are more quests to earn more with progression, merchant bags for gold? Crafting bag?No mouse inversion. This was VERY disapointing. Doesnt seem like a big issue any longer However, It is an expectation of any game to have the option. Perhaps I just do not see where to make the change.Scheduled Maintenance at 3 PM to 7PM PST!!!! WTF? Really??? Not in the AM when everyone is working like all other games? <--- That one really Pisses me off. I sure hope this ISNT going to be the NORM!!!Over All so far this game is a Gem!I highly reccomend this game."
76561198087570806,Recommended,442080,23979364,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,I love The Guild 3 & Anno 1800!,"Greetings,now i have fixed the issue  myself. Thanks to CyborgNinga079!!Ur Post was usefull:""So, I was having this issue as well. My password had special characters. I removed the special characters and did alpha numeric only and the error went away. Something to look into.""My tip for you who still have the same error..INVALID_REQUEST_HEADER(invalid auth credential)Try to change ur Password first before u go to the Nexon Supp!My Review comes a little bit later.. not enough played yet for a good review."
76561198135913580,Not Recommended,442080,24089352,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Antimouse,"And again, there are no ""in between"" option about recommnedation. The game itself is on closed betta atm, and you have to buy a pass-pack to get access. Leveled wizard, playing most of the time solo. Found only few thiong are more or less interesting to do ingame. Collecting animals, level them up, them shrink them for upgrade your armor and do stuff with your tallents. Thats it. The rest game content (quests, dungeons, class balance, map, navigation) - is kinda  3 out of 10. Graphic is more or less ok, i would say 6/10. I'm going to be short on this. Please, Don't buy it NOW, wait for open f2p beta and see for yourself is it good or not.At this beta stage im NOT recommending this game for people who use to play WoW, Lineage II, Everwinter, Rift and especially - Terra. The game is not so bad, its more or less ok, but its closed beta and the price to enter in my opinion is simply insanely high. I will check this game one more time at the later stage. We'll see what content is going to be at the so called ""open-release"" version."
,Not Recommended,442080,30243512,Posted: 28 February,all,Ivelincho,"I like it a lot.......,but man those requirements for taming a familiar are crazy. Just for that Scalleta phoenix you need to collect and *farm* for f***** hours ohhhh heeellllll nooo. I like playing mmos like this to relax not farm for hours. I have work too so devs pls think of something than making mmo/working people wander aimlessly to get orbs or  stupid golem hearts rolf...I'm pretty sure more than 50% of the people will get bored and just say f this :D."
,Recommended,442080,24233615,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,VaporStrike,Better than Pokemon Go.
76561198066428276,Recommended,442080,24088579,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Grexxez,It's like how to train your dragon if it turned into a weab show. 9/10
,Recommended,442080,24010023,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,makewoop,"Pros-Taming system (you can tame almost everything)-Quests are usually just ""kill 3 of these"" ""gather 3of those"" type.. not like kill/gather 10 or 20.-Mounted CombatCons-You have to pick every quest to keep up with the phase on leveling-Not open world (loading screens)-Still buggy here and there.. altough its playableOverall a good mmo with a pokemon twist into it.I recommend you to try it... its F2P and there's NO P2WIf you ever wanted to ride dragons in mmo... this is your game."
,Recommended,442080,24002015,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,darky,best mmo game ever!!!!
,Recommended,442080,24011993,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,MusT,I fell in love with the graphics and the actual gameplay :D big big plus that u can tame your own rides which is awsome ;)
,Not Recommended,442080,24163545,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Stumpy,"I only played it for a few hours, but from what I could tell, it follows the classic cookie-cutter WoW-like gameplay shtick.  I thought this would be significantly different because of the mounted combat, but the mounted combat seems like just a small feature of the game.  With as much as they played up the mounted combat, you'd think it'd be more prominent in the game, but it's not.  Perhaps it becomes a larger feature as you get higher in levels, but I really don't feel like troopering through an uninspired MMO to get to the one feature that sets it apart.I could tame and ride a boar, tho.2/5, boar-riding was the only highlight for me."
76561198142017763,Recommended,442080,24004780,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,L0RDIEE,okay just spend over 80 usa on the pack to get the dragon mount ok just starte the game got out of the first part. then i looked at all my mounts and put the 2nd skin i have on my dragon and went to move him on my action bar then he ran off when i summond him. some reason i can not sign up for the main website to try and see if i can get any help with my missing mount or anythin. theres nothing ingame to help me ot so. not sure if ive lost it forever till game release or what but if anyone knows how i can get it back or anything infomation please let me know
,Not Recommended,442080,24252873,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,NicoWilde,"Very Generic MMORPG, only thing its got going is the fact that you can tame just about any monster ingame, other than that its pretty dull."
76561198336094057,Not Recommended,442080,29575416,Posted: 29 January,all,Kaastani,"OMG i just download this game and had to delete it. First of all it actually shut down my computer and restarted it so i had to reloaded it again, then when at the character page i could not read anything clearly, it just look like it was digitally copied so i had to deleted the game. What a waste of time and disappointment!"
76561198118552880,Recommended,442080,24099952,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,UNCLE GUBSY,"ITS REALLY FUN BUT CHANGE HOW YOU CONTROLE THE CAMERA, please let us use the left or right mb not the 3mb"
,Recommended,442080,24011988,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Logstv,games not bad action combat sux tho there is a option to go old schoolgameplay is nice and so is tab target combatcut sceans need work but are better than most gamestaming is awesomejust hit lvl 6 on my wizard and yeah its fun for a time waster will stream more later to dayhttps://gaming.youtube.com/watch?v=ammOI4M6pVY
76561197971123052,Not Recommended,442080,29846772,Posted: 11 February,all,Pignuggets,"this game is F ucked, it wont let any steam users login, Its a good game I would recommend it to you but not on here, because obviously, its login through steam is f ucked.tried to contact one of the developers got this, joy of joys.""Page Not Found The page you were looking for could not be found.""heres the launcher if you want to play it through Nexon.http://download2.nexon.net/Game/NexonLauncher/NexonLauncherSetup.exe"
,Recommended,442080,24239524,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Panchee,"Out of all the MMO's I've played, this one is the most fun right now, I really have enjoyed this game and can't wait for the new Patch to 35 I plan on playing this for quite a while. Tons of stuff to do I'm already max lvl and can't wait to raid! I look forward to this game's future. Also to add the mounts are a huge part of this game and they are awesome!"
76561198054770313,Not Recommended,442080,24296894,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Unholy King,"I love the idea of this game. I think that's the problem with many people playing it. The idea itself is incredibly sound. I paid 25 dollars to get the mount of course and a good idea of what's to come. Right in the beginning as many of you will feel is a sense of adventure and early taming of great looking mounts! Decent class based gameplay and a nice but small learning curve to give you that sense of wonder and excitement. All great! Then the truth oozes out. Though it is free to play and it is completely after some cooldowns. The game feels hollow, uninspired toward level 25. Yes they are going to up the cap to 35 later but there isnt much to do to fix the emptiness. Not only of the quests but of the time wasted trying to fall in love with the idea. Better yet to fall in love with a game that wants to love you...but only as a friend.5 out of 10Would not be friendzoned again :/"
,Recommended,442080,24101806,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Kate,9/10I have an inbuilt mouse and would like the camera to follow my character.
76561198039606728,Recommended,442080,24124035,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Slaves Beyond Death.,Fun game!!!!!
76561197993956978,Not Recommended,442080,29551370,Posted: 28 January,all,Doddger,"12 hours of playing I had around 4 hours of fun.Pros+ Graphics+ Story+ Taming stuff !!+ DRAGONS !Cons- Pay to win...- Other people (20) try to tame the same creature- ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ trolls, who just love to ruin fun for everyone.- Cash shop has too much impact on gameplay- Hype...Summary.Good game for those who like p2w schemes. Some people might disagreee with me on p2w part, but comeon...Tameable creatures WILL be swarmed with other players who want it. One reindeed looking thingy had 14 players around it and 2 trolls one shotting it, just because F all the new players.Progress stops like a kid running to a wall, all excited and happy, then BAM!""Original"" version gets updates 1-3 months before this version, devs are lazy.Bans, Bans and more Bans.The Banhammer swings quickly in this game. You might be doing something wrong without knowing it.Attitude change to the devs and this game MIGHT work out."
76561198286119202,Not Recommended,442080,29487330,Posted: 25 January,all,tremerz9976,the game doesnt even launch. Help me pls
76561198228305236,Recommended,442080,29489574,Posted: 25 January,all,Satanic Memes 666,i highly recommend this game but i have had problems launching it it shows me the launcher but ever since this month the game has been completely unplayable for me if you have any suggestions pls let me know
,Recommended,442080,29486416,Posted: 25 January,all,Vildiam,A very good game plz don´t stop it. but can you plz do as the updates don´t are as big as they are? I Could not have time to play it. plz?
,Recommended,442080,23944180,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,DinasaurChainsaw|Youtube,10/10 I love this game. The mounts keep me going becase you know i've got to catch them all! :D
76561198023895853,Recommended,442080,24253732,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,mixleplixs,"Amazing Game, max cap lvl is 25 soon 35 so lvlup thing to +10 ppl then you are good to go to new content. Many familiars to Tame .Hope Ranger (archer ,Hunter) will be introduced in the new update."
76561198026464519,Not Recommended,442080,24326856,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,kasadina,"After spending over 70+h on this game i came to the conclusion this game is good for casual players the lack of bags space, the lack of space for your mounts and pets everything comes from the store, sure you can get the ellium free by making daily achievements but guess what you get like 5 or 6 per day, so each time you try to unlock a space for your pets or mounts the price of the ellium increase from 5 even to 45, 100 and so on, and not just that the healing pots from crafting are crap you get like 3% of your health back but with the potions from the store you get a 100% back and guess what 15 elliums give you x3 points ONLY.the gold sellers on the game are INSAIN.Beside that the game is so bad optimize to many errors, low fps, high CPU use, random DCi deeply regret of buying the 89$ founders pack, also the costumer services is crap it takes from 3 days up to 2 weeks to get a ticket response."
76561197973539192,Recommended,442080,27962433,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,=[42o]=Natas,sweet
,Recommended,442080,29784477,Posted: 8 February,all,Voldemort,GG
76561198059950127,Not Recommended,442080,28963475,Posted: 2 January,all,Wraith,"This game looked great to me and I was stoked to play it. However, I get a runtime error any time I try to start the game and it crashes. After doing some research I discovered that there is no easy fix, and moderators have given no solution on the forums. Wonderful concept of a game, poor execution by the developer."
,Recommended,442080,24085860,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Supe,Good game good dragons
,Not Recommended,442080,24232922,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Ayyboss,"Just to preface, I played this game in nearly all of the closed beta tests. I also preordered the legendary founder package, and have seen everything up to RoM Heroic 5. This game, while not being the P2W cash grab nexon is known for, has terrible optimization issues, bland combat, and a completely half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥storyline/lore. Save the princess, oh wait the generic bad guy is still stronger than you.TL;DR at bottom.Optimization Issues in this game are terrible. I have a i7 6700k at 4.5ghz, 16gb of Ram, a 980ti and the game is installed on an SSD. I get, quite literally, 18 fps in the main city. How in the world does that even happen? I understand that they're still labeling this as a ""beta"" but ZERO changes in optimization have been made between the numerous closed betas and this open beta.The combat is extremely poor, World of Warcraft puts this game to shame, even lacking mounted combat. The only thing this game got right is mounted combat. The bosses are terribly balanced, magic users♥♥♥♥♥♥on every boss but melee characters have a hard time soloing anything above normal/elite difficulty without chugging one or two 100% health premium potions.The story is a goddamn shame. They have an interesting character, Crow. He is basically a badass bird mage who is forced into the roll of ""Main story guy with quests to force you to a new area."". He breaks you out of prison, then he's basically non existant throughout the game other than to tell you to go help farmer ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ kill some birds. The main enemy, is your common blond ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who is DTF with the princess but in a molester type of way.This game will do well with people who are REALLY into the catch all the mounts pokemon style mmo, but anyone looking for anything with depth will be sorely dissapointed and wondering why they even waste their time not playing wow, since no other mmo to date has even MATCHED it in quality.TL;DR - Game is a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥pokemon mmo with no lore and a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ story. Combat is horrid and it runs like dogshit. 3/10 had potential"
76561198108243144,Not Recommended,442080,30110758,Posted: 22 February,all,El Mati Fernandez,"JUEGO BASTANTE BUGUEADO EN CADA FASE, TANTO COMO EN EL LAUNCHER, PANTALLAS DE CARGA, IN GAME Y TODO EN GENERAL. EL TUTORIAL ES MUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUY LARGO (COSA QUE NUNCA VI EN UN JUEGO QUE HAYA JUGADO ANTERIORMENTE).EN CONCLUSIÓN NO LO LLAMARIA RIDERS OF ICARUS, LO LLAMARIA RIDERS OF MIERDIRUS..."
,Not Recommended,442080,29468239,Posted: 24 January,all,Dae,Combat system sucks. I hate tab targeting and ability bars so much.
,Recommended,442080,24137987,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Category 5 Autist,Gotta catch em' all
76561197987579952,Not Recommended,442080,29852448,Posted: 11 February,all,xuckz ◘,No invert mouse!
,Recommended,442080,30204233,Posted: 26 February,all,Silver,D.D? You ask.Deez Nutz
76561198068725845,Not Recommended,442080,25269830,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,God of Asura,this game was not worth wasting $90 on. it is awful.
,Recommended,442080,23945636,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Danderfluff,.
76561197976121472,Recommended,442080,23937044,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,HardAzRockz,Great game really enjoying it so far. Would recommend if you like standard MMOs. I don't have anything bad to say about it yet.
,Recommended,442080,24142670,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,The Nameless King,"Do not listen to any negative reviews about this game.Nexon makes solid games, such as maplestory - which has been running solid for a good 10~ years.Riders of icarus is a fantastic game with an amazing concept behind it, very well executed. It definatly is worth the time you put into it."
76561197992933417,Not Recommended,442080,24037797,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Gerrick,"I'm not sure where alot of the other people reviewing this game are coming from - but I'd say this one is pretty terrible.Issues:Not an 'action' combat game - this is typical tab target affairThe 'action' system uses soft targetting with a giant reticle directly over your characterFamiliars are not a very big impact-You can ride all of them, but they are all 60% mounts with different skins+some of them fly, this is nice - but the flight controls are very basic, and the glide is horizontal only-mounts do not attack-mounted combat is you with a crossbow using one of the worse designed set of skills I've seen-didn't have the patience to get to spears-you can turn a mount into a familar pet - this makes it tiny, it does very little damage, and has an aggro radius of 10 yards-every time you get off a mount, it desummons this petSkill system has combos, but they are poorly implementedStoryline is both forgettable and very much a themepark MMO - this is fine, but it's generic at best.Escort questsThey like to have you collect '3 of this item' - alot.  Often, this is a glowy object in the quest area.  Even with the relatively low pop from founders, that object rarely exists, and so you wind up camping it for 5 minutes waiting on respawns.Random objects in the enviroment look like something out of a ps2 games at times - and not a good ps2 gameOverall, I was not impressed, and would suggest not bothering."
76561198044210946,Not Recommended,442080,24033967,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,MoistEggroll,"Tbh Id stay away till it goes F2P. basicly Dragon prophet re-skin. Sure the graphics look somewhat nice, but the combat is plain bland/crap. The combat is straight tab target, even if it has action mode, its very half♥♥♥♥♥d VERY CLUNKY. Dont expect to move around while swinging since ull be most likely rooted to the ground.Questing as ud expect, is ur typical REPITITIVE KOREAN grinding.. Mobs spawn insanely fast before you can even take a breather lolTake my word for it, Either you enjoy the typical korean grind, or downright move on to another mmo. Btw its nexon, they'll find a way to ruin it in the cash shop later on LOL."
76561198049273075,Not Recommended,442080,24042267,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Hakoshi,I really want to enjoy this game but it is to pay for anything to enjoy.   Want to summon a friend it will cost you.   Dungeon resets are buyable and the cooldowns without buying the resets are insane.   Want more bafd space or room for more familiars?   It will all cost you.   There isnt any one pay item that will win the game but the micro costs for almsot everything in the game get rediculous.   NCSOFT at their finest.
76561198170074203,Not Recommended,442080,30090078,Posted: 21 February,all,✪Logic301,I'd rather play a fishing game.
76561198312811993,Not Recommended,442080,29706048,Posted: 4 February,all,Random_Aaron,i cant even play it
,Not Recommended,442080,30097485,Posted: 22 February,all,YoRHa No.7 Type S,boring af.Also heard the game is hella p2w at endgame so I lost all interest after that.
76561198055692191,Not Recommended,442080,24301044,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,damIThurtz,"Very much not what i was expecting. For a game that focuses on mounts, it is to one direction. Would expect a game with a mount focus to have no load screens, no terrain boundaries, a true open world like Rift or WOW. Big thumbs down. Remove the load screens on maps with the exception of personal instances."
76561198180315050,Not Recommended,442080,29566117,Posted: 29 January,all,DoggoBurrito,"Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game does not work. I go in and it says ""disconnected from server"" and i just got the game so theres clearly something wrong with it. Its a waste of my memory."
76561198053060909,Recommended,442080,23948802,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Savage_Stan,i have a gtx850m graphics card shouldnt the game run more than 8/9 fps? lmao helppppppppppp
76561198027890941,Recommended,442080,24035486,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Shadowspartan,fun game 8/10
76561198076102308,Recommended,442080,24024915,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Zankil,Good!
,Not Recommended,442080,23963248,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,xinNeth.,"The game looks a lot better than it is. Its simply, just okay. Most worrying however, that in the short time that i played Riders of Averageus, i literally found, 9 sounds, directly stolen from world of warcraft. The wizards ""blink forward"" ability, is literally the Wand Sound from WoW. Varius mobs have the exact same on hit sounds and ambient sounds. Even the Mount you get from the 17.99 pack (the wolf) when summoned, used a mage spell sound (i forget exactly what one) from WoW.Play this if you like MMO's when its FREE. Pay something for this game? Nope, dont bother."
,Not Recommended,442080,23964904,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Dreadjet,"Maybe if you are a WoW fan you might find this game fun.For myself as a big Tera fan (which has imo The best action combat system of any MMO), This game hurts to play. The combat feels slow, The ""action combat"" doesn't exist!Maybe the taming system might be good, But I still prefer mounts in any other MMO where you have to do achievements or quests to get them.I did hear this game is good as mage or priest. but since I'm no fan of ranged combat or the Old style ""Tab-locking"" this game is nothing for me."
,Not Recommended,442080,24065391,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Gingerlord,"From what little I was able to play I did enjoy it, but whether it was just my machine but I BSOD frequently playing the game. My CPU runs at max which causes stuttering and FPS. Putting graphics settings to max or minimum doesn’t do anything.From what I seen in the store page I was over the recommended specs so I had assumed I could run it fine but oh I was wrong.I wish I could play more as it was fun but since I can’t play for more than a little bit without BSOD I wasted £30 buying the Heroic Pack.So if you have the specs to run it, go for it I did enjoy it but I would be weary if you specs are close or below mine.My Specs are:CPU - Intelcore i5-4670k 3.4gzGPU - Nvidia GTX 770 2gbRAM - 16gb"
,Not Recommended,442080,24002719,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Asundering,Just a small amount of time but super turned off by this.  Gold spammers with no way to ignore. Community is pretty much silent. Very generic.   I should have known better given some of the reviews but i tried anyway.  Ill try again having only spent a small amount of time. So far VERY unimpressive.
76561198091643459,Not Recommended,442080,24147689,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,SADES-赛德斯电竞,"Point to Point Missions. A to B , B to C. Mount is fency, but fency is all it has. This game claims there a lots of diffent mount to tame, in fact, by DIFFERENCE, it just change the colour of the same mount , like a same wolf with black skin, yellow skin, red skin, white skin, or even worst by changing the name of the same mount.  Anyway, waste time. Oh! also the server sucks. discounnects, long que (1 hour +) ,Game crash, bugs.... So disappoint!!"
76561198092003075,Recommended,442080,24245303,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Nami the Diamond V,"Good game, i dont get the negative reviews."
76561198118005414,Not Recommended,442080,29886751,Posted: 12 February,all,Daughter of Satan,"This game does not open in to the server that I have started to play on, it  only opens when it wonts to. I'm not happy with it and i was really excited to have a game like this and it does not work."
76561198083135779,Not Recommended,442080,33121222,Posted: 2 July,all,AgniKai,pay
76561198031142064,Recommended,442080,25614957,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,EmperorVader,"Personally i love it! I have 250 hrs on steam, and more outside steam too. It's way more fun playing with someone, than alone! I recommend to atleast give it a try before you shove it offThe fun parts come mid-game so you should play a little first!Much of the game is based on luck, like taming, loot and gear. I wish there was less RNG but its still really fun teaming up with friends going to tame beasts.Also PvP area is just a huge class between players, it's really fun sometimes, and really annoying sometimes. The big guilds tend to bring a lot of players , crushing people with numbers.After they increased the level cap i felt that game itself became much better, and had more things to do. You enjoy farming more, lvling and waiting for that moment when u can tame the awesome heroic mounts, or the day your first legendary loot drops.For me its 9/10+Pros- Nice graphics- Skills (i like the skills)- Fun classes (could be more coming)- Guilds- Taming- IENOS-ConsGrinding for gearSome boring questsRNG"
76561198059186531,Not Recommended,442080,24169342,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,exodus85,"preorderd for 24 bucks, and what a waste.  cheap combat. cheap characters, cheap questing, cheap game. Stay away from this one."
76561198023533176,Not Recommended,442080,24066780,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Vrayl,"Folks, note that this game is NOT ready for prime time.  It crashes constantly.  You'll see the standard ""Launcher.exe has stopped working"" on many occasions.  Sometimes you can't launch the game.  Sometimes you can't get to select the server.  Sometimes you can't select your character, but most of the time you don't get to play for more than say 10 minutes if you're lucking before it crashes.  Wait a few months or more until this game is stable."
,Not Recommended,442080,24002545,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Haunter,Wait for it to become f2p and also does not work on (only)x64 system. At least did not on mine
76561198207738185,Not Recommended,442080,24534981,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,leo1988,takes for ever too load up and messes my computer up when i log out
76561198063178937,Not Recommended,442080,24433376,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,saltwaterdiode,"Do Not Download this Game!  I bought a founders pack and have been really dissapointed.  The game crashes everytime I try and play it, now.  It's just shameful how these production companies pan♥♥♥♥♥♥onto people.  It's a broken game that I wouldn't wish on my worst ex-boyfriends."
76561198073786371,Not Recommended,442080,23992566,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Etwo,Tame your mount (or pay for it) onlineFor everything else there are better games
76561198296482103,Not Recommended,442080,29732640,Posted: 5 February,all,Christian Mingler,this is one of the worst things to ever exist
,Not Recommended,442080,24102438,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Fox,"The game is very fun but the lack of optimization makes the game hardly playable for a lot of players. It suffers from heavy Framerate drops.The game is great, but I do not recomment spending any money on it unless you a happy with the game's performance on your PC"
,Not Recommended,442080,23943683,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,RhiOni,Poorly optimised. Game has had frame issues since closed beta that still haven't been fixed. Cash-shop contains items with stat boosts. Will likely cause a crash when you try to exit the game so killing it through task manager is your only option. Pretty much your typical KoreanMMO cash grab.
,Recommended,442080,24129865,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Digicrest,.
,Recommended,442080,23929782,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,csgoatse.com,"Seems to be a decent game, dont know enough yet though"
,Recommended,442080,24099808,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Arcradin,-Gameplay: 10/10-Combat: 10/10-Graphics: 10/10-Optimization: 10/10-Sound: 10/10-Character Customization: 10/10-Crafting: 10/10-Taming: 10/10-Flying: 10/10-Nopay2win: 10/10It's 10/10 because 10/10 is 10/10 for 10/10 and also 10/10.
76561198052707534,Not Recommended,442080,24020559,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Sleepy Ashe,"just to be clear. i do not reccomend this game, if purchased over steam, there is am issue (at time of writing) where you can only load up the game by disabling your antivirus (which i should not have to explain why it is a bad idea) i only learned of this method of getting it to load from a friend.i purchased this game in order to get early access, it was a waste of money on my part as for whatever reason there is no way for 'some' people (not necessarily all) to not play the game, i would reccomend waiting till open beta, or through purchasing the founders packs through the official nexon page/launcher, as that seems to work fine. i have since requested a refund from steam to my steam wallet for the founders pack i purchased, and am writing this so that no one makes my mistake of purchasing the founders packs for this game.i should note that i have attempted to play this game numerous times only for it to refuse to load the launcher, that 30+ minutes its displaying, is all me trying to load the launcher."
,Not Recommended,442080,24021019,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Fable,"When thinking of immersion this game has much in common with Neverwinter Nights. It has nothing in common with games like Skyrim. With games like Skyrim and VR games with HTC Vive showing me what Immersion really is games like these are just like playing with Tin Soldiers. It's good if you're into that sort of thing.I encountered several bugs within 2(!) hours of gameplay. The launcher got stuck and I had to terminate, but it worked on second launch. I entered a special zone that was empty and when I exited all npc's were gone. Tried switching ""channel"", but that loading screen got stuck. Terminate game, refund.It's not just that they have problems they should have fixed pre open beta. But looking at physics engine with movement and ragdoll animation and the like it feels rudimentary. Feels... ugly?And taming was a huge disappointment. ""Click space to jump onto animal"". Then you click W,A,S,D whenever it tells you to. Voila. An utter disappointment. I have hundreds of hours in Ark and this was just ridiculous.I'm sorry. This should have been an absolutely awesome game, but I couldn't even get past the start."
76561198090214651,Not Recommended,442080,24067203,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Gulgan,can i get my money back?
76561198312107438,Not Recommended,442080,24118931,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,arrow432,"Unfortunatelly, a total waste of my money so far. Will think twice before buying a game from this producent. Rip off!"
76561198090455275,Not Recommended,442080,23938802,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,lubu213,Failed to autheticate in steam? they even spelled it wrong.-SUPER SLOW LOADING.- gotta log out and back in just to use the items- People keep saying its just launch is not an excuse
,Recommended,442080,23929390,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,LokiFM,"REVIEW IN PROGRESS:GAMEPLAYSo far the game is fun, with a really decent combat system. It works both in and out of combat system. Being able to tame everything you see, including rare mobs is a really cool mechanic. I wouldn't say that's why you should play this instead of anything else. but it's cool non-the-less.CASHSHOPOh boy, yes I was woried just like most people that Nexon would be Nexon, but no! The cash shop looks really fair. After a couple of hours of play I've earned over 60 Ellun (worth about 7$) through just playing. Allowing me to buy a quick 16 slot bag. (Costumes only cost 50 Ellun as well, which means that you could buy yourself a cool costume really quick as well!).RELEASE SCHEDULERight now the max level is 25 which is on the low side, after 6 hours I'm level 15 (with definite signs of slowing down, but still), With an upcoming content release in July that increases the level cap to level 35. So they are defintely going hard on their content plan. But I don't know at this point in time if there is enough content to keep people playing at level 25. If there isn't, then that's a serious problem obviously.--- That's my review in progress for the 6 hour mark, current verdict: Really solid fun ------From streaming this game for the past 6 hours I've noticed several people having technical problems, not being able to launch the game. For people having issues I advice the follow:- Restart the game several times (It took me 5 starts before it no longer crashed.exe- Restart your PC- Turn off your Anti-Virus (AVG specifically has been reported as culprit)- Turn off your firewall/make an exception- Make sure you're running Steam in admin mode- Try the regular client (not steam)"
,Recommended,442080,29524402,Posted: 27 January,all,smoke wheat,yea... hmmm... good
,Recommended,442080,29517443,Posted: 27 January,all,Bps6r,awesome rpg game
,Recommended,442080,29547977,Posted: 28 January,all,AfricanSnowball,Very fun game. People who spend money on it are just lazy and don't want to grind. #♥♥♥♥♥made
,Not Recommended,442080,29512849,Posted: 26 January,all,Sameowrai,Have you ever wanted to dance around your enemy while you mashed the murdering buttons?                do you enjoy collecting variants of the same useless pets? :| go nuts you
,Recommended,442080,24398515,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,BrookieMythicC,I have recruited all my friends to play this game and they love this game! As much as I do! I highly suggest if you like MMO you will like this! has a very strong tame value then other MMOs do.  Still waiting for them to open the other levels. But that is coming but overall this game has GOOD things coming to the MMO genre! amazing!
,Recommended,442080,24187984,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,SpicyG,"This game is a refreshingly good MMO. I bought the Elite pack and was able to play the closed beta, and had a lot of fun in doing so. Most of the negative reviews are about bugs and optimization which tells me these people don't know what a beta is. Collecting mounts is fun, the mounted combat could use a little work but it is easy to tell that this game will go places. It's free, give it a try."
76561198050102036,Not Recommended,442080,24104575,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Shadow Edge,"SEE MY EDIT BELOW-----Worth a play to try. Its free, unless you buy the packs, which i did to test the game for a month in premium to see if i enjoy it. worst case scenario you can right click from steam menu and uninstall. Id say put in a good 5-10 hours before deciding if like it or hate it if you decide to install and try tho. Initially I didnt like it much, although the character editor is fairly nice with some decent options regardless of the one race only thing.The games overall graphical art style are a nice change from what ive been playing. Although My one complaint is there isnt enough ground clutter... large areas of just flat texture. I run a decent pc and some grass layered over sections of the empty texture areas would be nice. That is all. Hopefully a dev reads this and they add it in. Especially in the starting areas because thats where you draw in the players most, those first few hours in game. I am unsure of what later areas look like yet or what will be added in a few months of open beta. My vote is Add some grass please! +1EDIT: keep getting a game crash where I have to ctrl alt delete to close program(EVERY time i teleport.). Buggy stuff in game that needs work. Game is extremely boring questing. Gonna uninstall until a later date. Or never. Back to Black Desert it is I guess. I realize Icarus is open beta and will still have bugs. I'm just not willing to play at all it until the game breaking ones are ironed out. Maybe its just not for me. I dunno. Wish there was a ON THE FENCE selection for recommending. But im gonna have to switch my stance to NO i dont recommend this game in its current state."
76561198034779285,Recommended,442080,24142315,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Subotai,"So far all I can get is ""Runtime Error"" when I try to run this title...Searching on the web yields no results...Nexon pretty much doesn't give two ♥♥♥♥♥...Edit:Ok...finally solved the problem...no thanks to Nexon...All credit goes to Piplup and his guide and active assistance!As for the game,  Wasn't dissappointed.  That's not to say that this game is anything new or phenominal mind you, it's just not bad.  To be honest, it's almost identical to Dragon's Prophet, which I enjoyed very much.  RoI just has better graphics and better character creation.  Other than that, pretty much feels the same save maybe some minor differences.  If anything DP is a little better in that the creatures you tame, which contrary to the name is NOT limited to dragons, can actualy fight ALONG side you, where as so far in RoI, when you dismount, your mount vanishes.  So if you wish to use your mount in combat, it's mounted combat or not at all.  So I would say that DP does this better.  But again, RoI is NOT bad, and if you have not played either, it's worth checking out.  And who knows, maybe later they will have your mount fight along side you should you wish it. Sorry, forgot, You can get pets/minions that do fight along side you...but not the same as taming that beast then having it cover your back when your not riding it."
76561198076491205,Recommended,442080,24143912,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,TRON,y
76561198020830234,Not Recommended,442080,24141356,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,FishTit,"Well. I was starting to like this game though unpolished it has a bunch of good concepts going for it considering it's open beta that it could evolve into a better game over time. Unfortunatly not being a developer I can see this is probably heading towards a cash grab for this company.Game breaking bug found on the (necesarry quest line to obtain a spear for mounted combat) There appears to be an invisible lag bubble that prevents you from leaving the area. best part is, you cannot logout, disconnect from game, you can move freely but no longer interact with anything. Alt F4 to bring up task manager fails and switches back to the game by iteself, repeatedly you have to alt tab to get back to the task manager and attempt to end the program. Goodluck.Open Beta considering.. you shouldn't have a computer breaking glitch like that. my cpu temp went through the roof.0"
,Recommended,442080,24141728,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Godofshade,"Absoulutly amazing.Mounts 10/10Well the game itself is great but dont think your going into something like tera really, the game is unique and amazing and insanely beautiful. its fun and worhth playing many hours in."
76561197963762180,Recommended,442080,24139188,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,MaGiX,"Ill put a yes for now , pretty good game , pretty nice graphs ,!!!!!"
,Recommended,442080,24303615,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Dragon,this game is awsome
,Recommended,442080,24290609,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Redneck Rambo,"This game was suprisingly good for an early MMO. As of now it is a remotly small world but you can tell by the map that it will expand. The taming system is how World of Warcrafts taming should have been. There is a huge farming system to get the materials need to tame some of the epic mounts, which encorages players to do raids and dungeons for a chance of a rare drop. The only problem i have with this game is the air combat. It feels super Wonky."
,Recommended,442080,24279284,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,smetch,"More good than bad with some interesting ideas, not particularly original but I guess that's MMOs in general these days."
76561198016494834,Recommended,442080,24269585,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,[CDC] DerpDiver,loveing this game so far kinda wish all the content was out so i could keep going to max lvl but i guess gives me time to make $ and lvl profeshions and catch more pokemon i mean beasts :P
,Recommended,442080,23938197,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,>：3,My favourite character the giant space manta ray dies in the first 5 minutes.
76561198064026671,Recommended,442080,23945154,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,luklightsaber,great gameplay
76561198009306246,Recommended,442080,23938149,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Jesus2pro,play game for 5 hours...  caught a  cow as my pet  10 min later found a turtle  left cow for turtle  have no regrets  so many creatures in ever  part
,Recommended,442080,23943726,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Grunge[MPK],"Very fun MMO,  let's hope it doesn't turn p2w."
76561198028235205,Recommended,442080,24074245,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Rajaani,"Works good, had some issues in the beginning because steam wasn't supporting the game completely, so i went to the website and downloaded the launcher from there and worked better."
,Recommended,442080,24041529,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,CherryDactul The sleepy,Nice enviroments and fun mounts
76561198155241590,Recommended,442080,24037875,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,PrismaticPurge,"Very fun game, I ended up purchasing the early beta pack, so there's a bit of leverage vs starting when it is free to play. Right now the level cap is 25, but as with most mmorpg I expect that it will increase as time goes on. Very detailed and problems are fixed typically within a few days if most people are having the same issue. The only complaint I really have is that I have to change my battle mode settings everytime I load the game. This isn't terribly difficult, just annoying. The targeting system takes some getting used to, but overall it works pretty well. :D"
76561198062594807,Recommended,442080,24040437,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,FriedTofu,This game is gorgeous....and the fact that you get to tame beasts is a plus in my book.
76561198310582779,Recommended,442080,24072528,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,BluntBunny420,So do i need the founder pack to play cause im confused i thought if you got one of the other three packs you can play and the game has a hard time launching actually doesnt realy launch at all
76561198061684414,Recommended,442080,29459807,Posted: 24 January,all,Volgera,"Riders of Icarus is an amazing Free-2-Play MMO, with a great combat system, two different gameplay styles (classic or action), cool classes to play and tons of mounts  to tame. This game doesn't at all feel like a pay-to-win game as I progress through, as you can easily get a mount of your liking and you earn Ellun (their shop currency) quite easily through achievements or daily quests."
,Recommended,442080,29510856,Posted: 26 January,all,duken8r,This is a great game for fantasy lovers.It has a wide variety of awesome mounts you tame yourself. The graphics are quite good. I have enjoyed every second playing this game! I would HIGHLY reccomend it to any one who likes an adventure famtasy type game.
76561198098758156,Recommended,442080,29576553,Posted: 29 January,all,ϟϟ.✠.Chionidis.✠.ϟϟ IC,Good
76561198040422007,Recommended,442080,29977718,Posted: 16 February,all,Lukasblade2,If you're looking for a WoW experience but with tons of mounts then feel free to try it out.
76561198041598629,Recommended,442080,29994922,Posted: 17 February,all,Kahtia42,"I really, really like this game. An awesome new idea. If you've ever played a wow hunter, and sought to get ever pet possible  then this is definitely the game for you. The possibility of taming pretty much every animal in game, including dragons, major sweet spot! Though adding real money to the game give you better loot, it's definitely not necessary! Every aspect of the game is still achieveable, it might just take a little bit longer. Between game play, community, story, and everything else the game provides, totally worth the time!!!"
76561198091257576,Recommended,442080,29998476,Posted: 17 February,all,dudeiknow21,It's good but hard 2 play solo I imagine it would be a lot of fun with a group of friends.
76561198105881998,Recommended,442080,29668547,Posted: 3 February,all,Ripper,Not bad for a free 2 play
76561198199674011,Recommended,442080,29695349,Posted: 4 February,all,Gray,gud game
76561198179182923,Recommended,442080,29683803,Posted: 3 February,all,Tiny,I think it has good potential and so far im impressed!
76561198071342422,Recommended,442080,29699265,Posted: 4 February,all,Weed Ranger,bom jogo
76561198072091435,Recommended,442080,29954926,Posted: 15 February,all,Lillywise,Good game for a new release.
76561198117018479,Recommended,442080,29890868,Posted: 12 February,all,mr_mcdaniel,"This game has amazing potential. The aesthetic of this game is perfect in terms of high fantasy, and the mechanics of the game are REALLY fun. I am thoroughly entertained by the combat. The taiming aspect of the game is cool but I would appreciate more interaction in the actual taming process and less luck.As great as this game could be, right now it is suffering from some technical issues. The audio sync is completely off in cutscenes, making them painful to watch. I get horizontal flickering lines in some menus, some cutscenes, and the opening screen. There are some bugged quests.If you can deal with the technical issues, though, this is the most fun MMO I have tried out in a long time!"
76561198144112663,Recommended,442080,29867762,Posted: 12 February,all,KatieWolf,"Riders of Icarus is a highly addictive RPG game with a lovely community and great features in the game. The thing that makes RoI different to other RPG games is that there is the ""taming"" feature, where you collect or craft marks for different familiars (mounts) and tame them for yourself to ride freely. The familiars in the game look absolutely amazing, from dragons to pegasi to cute little desert kittens. The developers take their time to put effort into the game; for example they make sure they are up to date with public events such as the christmas festive event and valentines day event. The community is very kind and there are rarely any scammers (although let's face it, there will always be scammers in rpg games). The graphics are very lovely; probably the best graphics I have seen in a game for a little while. The only things about this game that aren't very good is the constant hours of grinding and glitched/random disconecctions, however if you're very patient then this game should be recommended to you."
76561198084648542,Recommended,442080,29928148,Posted: 14 February,all,Moaz,"For only playing 3 hours, the graphics and locations are stunning, the way in which you aquire familiars is very intuitive and im looking forward to playing the game to its fullest, level 8 and optamistic~ C:"
76561198182948743,Recommended,442080,29948131,Posted: 15 February,all,Pangus,iits meh
,Recommended,442080,29948715,Posted: 15 February,all,Ass Ketchup,NICE GAME DRAGONS KILLED EVERYONE I ENJOYED 12/43
76561198250228788,Recommended,442080,29882262,Posted: 12 February,all,RedHex115,The game will not load for me anybody know what to do please help!
76561198125826983,Recommended,442080,29913484,Posted: 13 February,all,blakmajik13,you know what it's free amd it's gorgeuos i like this game it's great for the casual MMO gamer
76561198073659227,Recommended,442080,29911496,Posted: 13 February,all,Lets Get Retarded [Addickted],"You got nothing to lose,its beautiful game try it out ;)"
76561198073319352,Recommended,442080,29733905,Posted: 5 February,all,Anal Shipment,"a friend recommended this and for a free game it is pretty good. some say its ""pay to win"" but ive yet to encounter anything like that."
76561198228059244,Recommended,442080,29736618,Posted: 5 February,all,Boy's Acting Goofy,8/8 would r8 m8
76561198163631670,Recommended,442080,29736101,Posted: 5 February,all,TheMangoKing,"i like dragonstherefore, i like this game"
76561198067218030,Recommended,442080,29674370,Posted: 3 February,all,MDukes14,"Such a beautiful game!  The graphics are lovely, and being able to tame any animal you see to make it a mount or pet is fantastic.  Some require special marks to tame, but the ability to do it is there. I am excited to keep playing and see how much better it gets! Would recommend 100%"
76561198038423343,Recommended,442080,29587679,Posted: 30 January,all,Nekro,Not bad
76561198081378663,Recommended,442080,29603338,Posted: 31 January,all,mathdeath,"Its pretty much the same MMORPG with or without the aim vision, but the difference is if u are into pets and mounts, if you are, thats the game for you."
76561198072585874,Recommended,442080,29512905,Posted: 26 January,all,Fruity Bruno,"from what little I played it is/was a pretty decent game, (I played this maybe a year ago, IDK anymore) apparently it decided to delete itself from my computer how long ago, so I had to redownload it. as F2P MMOs go, it's alright. story is decent, gameplay is decent, classes are decent, all around decent. not sure how much it's changed since I played it last, but I guess I'll find out when it redownloads."
76561198029264722,Recommended,442080,29453133,Posted: 23 January,all,mcmechau,"Personally speaking, I love it. It's got a lot of depth to it, with rich quests and compelling storyline!Riding on the backs of land and air creatures is a real high. Most conventional RTS and especially RPG'sdon't have a gaming approach that comes near to experiencing the exhilaration and pulse poundingaction that one has, say, on the back of dragons, winged peagasi, wolves as big as a small cabin.I should also mention that it has daily AND weekly gifts for signing in, and logging on their servers."
,Recommended,442080,29515786,Posted: 26 January,all,Оl'DirtyB,love this game :)
76561198079726935,Recommended,442080,29516688,Posted: 26 January,all,Nynuwe,"For a FtP MMO RPG, it's pretty good! The environment is beautiful. The mount andd pet system is a wonderful and creative system that sets the game apart from others. My only gripe is the Standard Combat system recommended for magic classes. It's a bit wonky, but nothing too badly. Some say its p2w, but I am not in it to win, so to speak, so I don't know if I would call it p2w. I haven't felt the need to buy anything to advance, except perhaps more mount slots since I'm a bit of a hoarder. The story is nice and endearing."
,Recommended,442080,29442967,Posted: 23 January,all,Cadiz,Amazing game yes theres better mmorpgs but this is really good and i can reccomend people to try it and have a go :)
76561198148867381,Not Recommended,442080,29462579,Posted: 24 January,all,Bard or feed,most of the times it doesnt connect me to the server. trash
,Recommended,442080,29459261,Posted: 24 January,all,Knastflow,gg
,Not Recommended,442080,29475348,Posted: 24 January,all,andrewwgoins,Much♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,442080,29876242,Posted: 12 February,all,Pysch0xz,Its a pretty good game but lacks optimization. +++For all the dragonsRecommended for Dragon's Prophet players or people who like to take every monster they see.
76561198144610316,Recommended,442080,29845663,Posted: 11 February,all,Reina san,"Do i recommend this game yes and no , i enjoy the game alot but the game is offline pretty mutch when i want to play it and that kinda bums me out thats the most down side of the game it has pay to win kinda but it dosent relly bother me :P"
76561197993100083,Recommended,442080,29677935,Posted: 3 February,all,Gynelologist,"Well so far the ""tutorial"" has been enjoyable. The combat is fluid with auto-combo on, and a lot better when you turn it off (cool downs and action frames happen sooner). I've been getting their ingame currency from daily quests (not NX) and in the 5 hours i've played, Im only a few dailies short of getting a costume. As for the cash shop and the P2W talk, there are lucky boxes which im not too happy about. But until I reach that point, I don't know how much they affect the progression of characters. So until then I'll stay neutral about the actual cash shop (NX only). Definitely worth trying the game out, despite the P2W rumors. Also I'm only writing this review because they asked me in game if I would.Edit 1: Level 30 now. The taming has been very fun. I believe I see the nature of people's claims for P2W in the cash shop in terms of being able to level up Familiars (pets) quicker with XP increasing potions. The same potions you can get with Elluns in game, which are free. Equipment have gear slots for seals, a seal is a familiar that is sealed up and gives beneficial stats like health or mana or primary stats. And the amount they give is based on their quality and what level they were when sealed. tl;dr: being able to level familiars quicker through cash shop/ellun store means you can get geared faster than other people who don't. But the people who don't have a free and very easy to get option to match Cash Shop players (daily missions give 1-2 elluns every day, multiple missions. Daily/Weekly/Monthly achievements also give elluns)"
76561197998611732,Recommended,442080,30134312,Posted: 23 February,all,ToMad2TeLL,Awsome game! Ever wanted to tame a dragon? Unicorn? How about a giant chicken? LOL there is so many to capture Pokemon would be jealious!
76561197987096424,Recommended,442080,30173647,Posted: 25 February,all,(B.H.S) D.va Is Bae,This game is really fun. Its Graphics are amazing. Game play is amazing. and its free. One thing i wish was changed though is to have a way to change the volume of the cinematic cutscenes because there really loud.
76561198027936340,Recommended,442080,30199927,Posted: 26 February,all,RecklessRussian,Being brand new to the game I have to say its been really fun so far. I'm only at lvl 8 but have had a great time and love the world and graphics. Lvling seems slower than what i'm used to in an mmorpg but not a big deal. I just hope that it isn't p2w at lvl 50 but I guess I'll have to find out for myself.
,Recommended,442080,30127866,Posted: 23 February,all,Sinvian,I like playing the I generaly only have a couple of comlaints. The games gets pretty boring without any friends because the charecters are too boring. And the quests arent that rewarding.
,Recommended,442080,30052207,Posted: 19 February,all,Flo,LOVING THIS GAME!!!! ITS EPIC
,Recommended,442080,30087394,Posted: 21 February,all,Rotmulaag,Is okay
