user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198263233868,Not Recommended,442500,21476258,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,ivanwolfovich,"Lacks depth and character.Theme of the game is amazing but unfortunately it lacks imagination.Building your gladiators does not feel satisfying because they are all just sum of different attributes,they lack character.So much more could have been done regarding gladiator customization like unique perks they get when they are created,different classes that can wear different equipment,maybe skill trees so you can level your gladiator in different directions as it gathers experience.Equipment could be diversified adding different bonuses (maybe special abilities your gladiator can use in combat).Right now game feels bland and offers very shallow experience..."
,Recommended,442500,21503014,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Geredis,"I'll begin by saying...this game is rough. It's rough in many, many ways. It's not just a matter of difficulty, but also presentation, style, and a lot of aspects like that. It's a game that shows promise, but as it stands...is a very niche title. The game's premise is novel and far too rarely executed on. It's a game I wanted to like, and while I do enjoy it, it's a game that is lacking in some areas and needs a lot of improvement.However, I've found the game...is simple. The simulation aspects are there, the game is sutiably difficult, and the fights are bloody and exciting. Every fight can put your gladiator school to ruin. However, the game just doesn't (yet) have the depth that really lets you get into the nuances of the game. Variety feels rather lacking. There are only really 4 venues to fight - two in North Africa (Utica and Leptis Magna), and another two in Italy (Brundisium and, of ocurse, Rome itself). In each city things grow increasingly difficult as you go from city to city, climbing the ranks. The concept is great.The management of the teams is simple. It's effective as you buy staff to train and heal and maintain your gladiators. The game lets you choose too how you treat your gladiators. Do you want to build a prison, or a high-quality training establishment? Or maybe something in the middle? Based on what upgrades you buy for your school, what ameneties you provide for your fighters, their skills be influenced rather heavily, though at great cost as maintianing such enhancements can become quite expensive. Thus your goal is to run the most effective school possible, but also a profitable one, and sometimes these things can be at odds, espeically given the rather sporadic nature of fight scheduling and their value (more on that near the end!)The fights are suitably engaging, in a way, especially if you turn the combat text speed to 0.5 to really hype the suspense, or a more brisk but still intelligible 1.0 (by default it's at a blindingly fast 2.0), each fight can become quite tense, especialy if you're invested in your fighter. That said, the game feels very obtuse in terms of what a crowd's desires are. There's no indication until you're actualy committed to the fight what the crowd may be feeling - whcih is understandable, but you'd think that a city would have a certain 'flavor' or the crowd coudl be a little more predictable, at least over time. Instead, it seems that there's a straight up random chance (20% to start) that a gladiator will be spared at the end of a fight, which can only really be increased by investing perk points into them. More talk about those later.Sadly, there isn't really many ways to invest in them. It's simply a matter of very hands-off training, increasing the facility ammenities, and giving your fighters weapons or armor. While armor feels like it's well-done, in that wearing armor is a trade-off of dexterity, stamina, agility... Weapons are lacking.  I just don't feel like weapons exist in a very engaging or interesting space. There are nominally over a half dozen weapon classes, but they merely exist to make you buy weapons as a gold sink, as there is no differentiation between them. A sica is no different than a gladius which is no different than a fascina (trident), or pugio, or any of the other weapons. And while any gladiator can use any weapon, there is a bonus to using particular weapons - and given that all weapons share the same damage ranges, have no speical characteristics, and generally cost the same...well, it feels like a missed opportunity mechanically speakingThe parks are a novel feature that I rather like; and the perks for the individual fighters feel well balanced. However, many of the Player Perks, designed to simulate, I believe the school's traditions, history, inclinations, over time, feel very unbalanced. There are a few (the Reputation Boost perk in particular) that feel outright broken! It states that it raises your reputation to the maximum simply by investing into it. That sort of bonus, naturally enough, just kind of kills any purpose for the mechanic. The same could be said of a lot of the other perks - such as being able to ignore fatigue, or retirement ages, essentially making your team into an emotionless juggernaught as you can choose to ignore morale penalties with certain perks. Things like that are wonderful boni, but they can seriously unbalance the game. That said, other perks, such as Opportunity Chance increases, starting level bonus, weapon bonuses of various types, gladiator health increases.  Things like that make a lot of sense and play into the whole notion of Ludus Traditions...the others just feel outright game-breaking and need to be reconsidered.It would have been nice to fight across the whole Empire than merely North Africa and Italy. It could have also allowed for a degree of variety too in the fighting styles, or the sorts of fights you can manage, or increase the scouting possibilities, creating a regional fame system so that if your team fares poorly in one area you can move to somewhere else where your style is more interesting to the crowd - whether through the crowd's preferences of fighter style. It just feels like a bit of a missed opportunity to not be able to play with gladiator types, city preferences. Besides the obvious style choices, cities could have had meanignfully-sized arenas. Smaller venues would of course be less favorable to spear-wielders, for instance... Or massive arenas might be the only ones capable of putting on mass displays where you send your whole stable out to showcase an entire roster against an opposing school. Second, you always start in Utica, then advance, city by city, through Leptis Magna and then to Brundisium, and finally to Rome. It could have been more interesting if each city had a certain bonus or style or some other aspect to it, and then you chose where to start of the three other cities - and your goal was to 'conquer' all 3 of them, then move on to Rome. It's currently a linear path that I do wish had been a little more interesting.There's also no way to arrange matches. A big part of being a Lanista, as I understand it, isn't JUST building your stable of fighters, training them, and keeping them in prime shape, but finding fighters to go against your men that will make for interesting battles.  It'd be nice if, instead of 'merely' choosing your fighters, and your chosen school, you could also 'suggest' in negotiations who you fight against. And based on relative skills, purse size, crowd attendance, venue, and other factors, the opposing Lanista will agree or disagree to the arrangement. ALso, not being able to fight non-arena fights, is kind of disappointing as well. While the schedule of fights goes primarily towards the main arena(s) in a city, it wasn't uncommon to have schools supplement their income by providing entertainment to dinner parties, funerals, and frankly - to not have this option can lead to massive gaps in the game where you sit there for days or weeks on end hitting 'next turn' until you find a fight that matches your needs.  And this isn't an issue that occurs only in the beginning when outmatched and seeking only less hyped fights. It happens also later on in the game too, when you find that it's simply not worth it to risk your less-skilled men in the less-hyped fights that occur.I'd also like to note that the developer is quite active and open-minded for suggestions in this game, and while the game is technically a full release, I see ample probability that there will be some major game enhancements, mechancis, patches, etc, that will make the game better over time. In full disclosure, I have talked with the developer relatively recently and have been in contact for modding purposes. Further, in the course of our discussions, he asked that I write a product review here - however, it has not affected in any way the content or my opinions on this game."
76561198018847741,Recommended,442500,24225745,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Brasidas,"Age of Gladiators is a turn-based, classic strategy/management game.By ""classic"" I mean it combines the best elements of turn-based strategy with RPG, and when you situate it in a compelling environment (i.e. the brutal, ancient world of gladitorial combat), you have the makings of a great game.This is the first management game I've come across where you play a Lanista (i.e. boss) of a Ludus (stable of gladiators) set in ancient Rome. The game doesn't have fancy graphics, flashy cut scenes, etc. but it does have solid gameplay -- from the time I started, I kept going, and the next thing you know, it was 5am...Things it does well:1. Unique setting: i.e. managing all aspects of a ludus -- this includes hiring/firing staff, fighters, upgrading your facility, etc.2. RPG elements: You get to upgrade your fighters (and yourself) when they level up, as well as send them on potentially profitable (and risky) missions. It's always fun when there are RPG elements inserted into strategy games, as the player develops a ""bond"" with the gladiators in this case. The perks are useful, and the game is well-balanced.3. Strategic layer -- you have to decide what kind of gladiators you want (e.g. tanks with lots of strength and health, or nimble fighters with high speed/agility/lethality), who to send to what types of matches (of increasing difficulty), who you want to develop and level up, and so on. What kind of staff do you want? How do you level them up? When do you fire them? When do you hire them? These are all decisions you have to make.You also have to plan around the fight calendar (because fights earn you money, and you have daily expenses), manage the health of your fighters, and most importantly, manage your finances (although you can borrow money in a pinch). You have to purchase armor and weapons too, which add bonuses to your fighters' performance -- this is a secondary benefit, but every bit helps when you're trying to squeeze out an advantage against your enemy in a tough match.Oh and you can also place side bets on the fights, that can earn you a LOT of extra cash. Lastly, you have to decide what kind of lanista you're going to be -- ruthless (i.e. kill your own fighters and steal their winnings), benevolent (always give them a higher share of the purse and best living conditions), or somewhere in between.Things it can do better:1. I find it a little strange that you can't see who your fighter is facing until you've committed your own. I mean, in ancient Rome, weren't these matches planned in advance? Knowing who you're facing adds yet another (positive) element in the strategic layer. It really shouldn't be left to chance. That said, there isn't a whole lot wrong with this game.Final comments:I like the fact that you can choose the ""type"" of lanista your character can be too -- a merchant, doctor, negotiator, and so on. Each background gives you certain benefits. The fights themselves are dice rolls, but you can pick a combat strategy based on your fighter's strengths and weaknesses as well as your opponent's. e.g. if your fighter is not as strong, but is really agile and accurate, a defensive posture may yet triumph over a stronger (but slower) opponent.Best of all, what I really like about AOG is that it does all this without fancy graphics, high frame rates, videos, actors or voice overs. It's just a great example of a classic strategy game that gets virtually everything right.Age of Gladiators is a fun, well thought out and executed game, and I highly recommend it. The devs did a great job!8.0/10.0"
76561198074444282,Recommended,442500,21489651,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Mind,"You start from a patch of dirt, some trainers and a couple of gladiators that don't know a sword from a spear... With this you must train, equip and (when needed) whip your crappy gladiators into shape. They will fight, they will die, you will cry and hire more... Don't give up, one day you will arrive at Rome's gates with champions of the arena at your back, the men that will rival the likes of Spartacus will fight in your name and paint the Colosseum red with the blood of your enemies!Pros:-Hours of gameplay-Different every time you play-Difficult gameplay (easier modes if you want)-Good level progression of your gladiators-Not every gladiator is the same, some are natural talents you have to look out for!-Cheap as ♥♥♥♥!Cons:-No group fights9/10 - Amazing game, definitely worth $10"
76561198005539813,Recommended,442500,21532847,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,DrkPaladin,"I did enjoy this game, I'm not sure if it will warrant more playthroughs in it's current state, but I did get my money's worth.You are bound to get a few false starts while you figure out the mechanics of the game, and there isn't a single sure path to success.  Overcoming that early challenge feels very rewarding.  Don't be fooled though, this is a text and numbers management game.Your starting choice of perk is extremely strong, and makes the early game very enjoyable and challenging.  Once you get through the first couple cities though, I found that the game became a steamroll.  The occassional death of one of my gladiators did little to slow down the momentum that I had started to gain.  However, the Gladiator genre is very lacking, and Age of Gladiators is a welcome addition to it.Pros:Challenging early gameFun themeMany interesting mechanicsAppeals to the business management typeCons:Easy late gameAlmost zero visualsLight content outside core mechanicsMy winning strategy and tips (some a little spoilery):1. Buy a couple gladiators2. Don't pay them anything3. Run them into the ground for a few extra bucks.4. Invest your early perk points into increasing the starting level of new gladiators- new gladiators will be stronger than the survivors of your first batches and opponents pretty quick.5. Invest early gladiator perk points into being able to wear heavier amor- this will give them a clear advantage over the first few cities.6. When upgrading your school, turn it into a prison with guards, and continue to treat your gladiators like slaves and not pay them.- No matter how low their morale gets, as long as security is strong they won't escape and nothing bad will happen.7. Once you have a good system going, invest perk points into the +skill perk for gladiators you plan on keeping around, a decent mid game level 20 gladiator getting +5 extra points every level will be unstoppable by level 40 in the late game.8.  Once you have millions of bucks floating around, no reason not to get a full staff of trainers, medics, and blacksmiths.  Make sure your money machine is strong before investing heavily into staff though.9. A good perk to pick up once you really start rolling with some strong fighters is the one that removes gladiator fatigue, this way you can cycle through a smaller number of gladiators instead of trying to pay for a full stable, and train up some backups to step in when the occassional death happens.  This makes having 10+ gladiators irrelevant, as you will rarely need to use any but the first 5.  This was the final nail in the coffin in finishing the game once my deaths became very infrequent.Various other tips--The starting perk of showman is very strong if you are having trouble in the early game.-There is a perk that reduces wear and tear on weapons, 5 ranks removes wear altogether.  When a gladiator dies, you keep their weapon-There is another perk that increases the stats on new weapons in the shop, up to 50%-Blacksmiths increase the effectiveness of your weapons and armor.  Damage mitigation on plate can easily reach 65%+-Combining all of the equipment perks and keeping an eye on the shop you can give you a permanent upgrade even if you get into the habit of losing gladiators.-Most schools before Rome have only one or two strong fighters. it is possible to zerg rush past these gladiators since they still suffer from fatigue and injury the same way your fighters do.  Make sure that you have invested into getting fights more often.  When you do lose a strong gladiator to an opposing strong fighter, keep pouring it on, there is a good chance that the next time that fighter shows up he will be exhausted or wounded.-Intellegence and HP do not seem worth investing into, finding a smart recruit can be nice, but the level cap of 40 comes quickly in the late game and those are wasted points by max level.-Dexterity is a priority in my early recruits and points.  Misses are so common in the early game that just being able to land a hit is a huge advantage.-Once dexterity is decent, focusing on agility or reflexes is strong for being able to dodge yourself.-High strength becomes less necessary if you have focused on upgrading weapons and blacksmiths, but can be useful in the earlier game.-If you are planning on winning the game by being a cool dude, paying your gladiators, freeing them when they start to get a little sad, feeding them well, naming them after your loved ones, and trying to keep them all alive and happy... good luck, because that turns the game into a true challenge."
76561198071275511,Not Recommended,442500,26238474,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,ApatheticExcuse,"TL;DR = This is a tentative no. It's easily the best game of it's type on Steam (yes, there is more than one gladiator management sim), but replay value comes down to what you like in games.Review proper:Alright, pretty straightforward on this one. It's a management sim, where you are the lanista of a ludus (there's some Latin for ya!). You control several aspects of your gladiators, their stable, and their matches, with the ultimate goal of crushing everyone who gets in front of you.You start in a small arena in Carthage, working your way through the ranks until you reach Rome.The Good:Essentially, the gameplay is pretty solid. There's some neat mechanics, a few simple side quests, and the early game is very much a ""oh crap, I need to do X or we're out of business"" type thing. It's also easy (for me anyway) to get fairly immersed in it, and grow attached to a gladiator, imagine a backstory, etc. etc. In essence, it's not a bad story creator if you're imaginative, and a person could write a good AAR or two due to this.Finally offing the dude who's been the terror of every (abstracted) tournament and is the most feared and famous fighter in the Empire feels great.It's artistically very pretty, too.It's also possibly the easiest game to 100% in terms of Steam achievements. You can get all of them in one playthrough.The Bad:So here's why I don't recommend this - if you know what you're doing, the game is much, much too simple, you can ignore the majority of the mechanics, and it devolves into ""click this, click this again, click it again, more click"".My first playthrough was exciting, because I didn't know what I was doing, and everything felt very tense and on the edge. By my second playthrough, I understood how to min-max everything, and went 1100 odd matches undefeated. Which honestly kinda sucked after I hit 200 wins, because it turned into me just clicking through everything in order to just kill off the last 100 or so other gladiators.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=776930791No lie. There is no save scum involved there either.It doesn't matter if you have the most famous gladiator, money becomes irrelevant, and there's just no way to fix any of these issues. Certain game settings do make things harder, but the only one that makes the late game remotely challenging (Let The Gods Decide) can also make it just about impossible to progress in the early game. The only real way to keep things edgy is to make up your own restrictions, which might work well for some, but not me personally.In the end, it suffers from the same problem a lot of 4x games have - at some point, once you're doing well, it just becomes uninteresting.Conclusion:In the end, I can't really offer much in the way of a solution for the above problem, or think of any way to make it a better game. I can't say it's a bad game, because it isn't, but I can't say I'm going to go for a third complete playthrough either. I got my 30 hours out of it for the price of a pack of smokes, so I'm not dissatisfied, but that's it."
,Recommended,442500,32861822,Posted: 27 June,all,Papa Wasi,"It's a simple management sim that satisfied my need to rapidly click on things. There's no depth; sadly weapon types don't matter and there are no different gladiator classes. Still, it is fun and entertaining for a few hours, is easy to 100 % and has trading cards. 10 bucks is a bit over the top though. Grab it on sale if you want to be the richest man in Rome."
,Recommended,442500,21468162,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Fredwin,"Fightin' round the world with Russell Crowe Simulator 10/10Seriously though. simple in concept but actually pretty addictive. You'll feel the need to keep pushing your gladiators until they break.I think it could stand to see a few more features added it, but off to a good start."
,Not Recommended,442500,33685165,Posted: 20 July,all,sfsporic,"+ gladiators+ rpg-like elements- ONE SONG THE WHOLE TIME- everything feels half-finished- models don't match the weapons or armour- very repetitive. After you figure out how to play a turn, it's the same. Thing. Every. Turn.- no sense of achievement. I got past the first city, clicked 'Advance', and nothing. Not even a change in the background, just a change in the name of the city and the enemy bosses."
76561197993245779,Recommended,442500,21486187,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,DreamsDefined,"For the price, it's brilliant.Some reviews have said it lacks depth, and it may be feature-lite (definitely lots of areas that could be expanded), but I think it's highly polished, has a brilliant concept, and is heaps of fun to play. It's already sucked me into ""one more turn"" mode.It's well worth checking out :)"
76561197972345823,Not Recommended,442500,24051976,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,maltert,"Although I got some enjoyment from this game, it became a very unsatisfying grind after the mid-way point.- The game is unbalanced, favoring particular stats over others. I quickly found the formula to win every battle.- Not much strategy. After a few early decisions, it becomes a huge grind.- Campaign is too long. After the first city, you keep winning 100s of battles easily until everyone is dead. Takes many hours and not fun.- No in-depth guide on how to play. I lost a few times until figuring out the WIN ALL formula.I cannot recommend this game."
76561198083912773,Recommended,442500,22927782,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Aaron El Jefe,Needs Multiplayer! Great fun.
76561198094029672,Recommended,442500,21903786,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,That One Guy,"*Finished watching Gladiator by Ridley Scott**Creates character ""Proximo,"" an Ex-Gladiator**Renames one particular gladiator ""Maximus""**Finds the real Maximus**Leads real Maximus to glory*(The other 'renamed Maximus' didnt exactly make it through...)This game has incredible potential, and is being actively updated to achieve that potential.That said, this game is still very enjoyable. This is a great game for MANAGING your gladiators, and helping them reach remarkable fame throughout the Roman Empire.This game does NOT currently depict graphically engaging gladiator battles. In my opinion, for this game to achieve its focus, it does not need to.I highly recommend this game for all strategic gladiator enthusiasts."
76561198216404452,Recommended,442500,21986461,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,There Be Dragons,"Disclosure: I am a pretty big fan of the time period involved, which goes miles toward my enjoyment.TL:DR - Go for it if you are a fan of the odds type of gameplay, and a sure thing if youre also into the era and time period.I like it.  It is definitely a niche kind of game, but I really enjoy it.  It is easy to learn, but so many ways to play.  My first playthrough I didn't use any tips and ended up getting about halfway, but then just running out of money and fighters who could compete.  The second playthrough I won it all and ended up with 30+ million in the bank by using a few starting tips.  I will definietly go back and play again, and probably again after that - just trying different ways of getting places and adding to the realism each time.It is a bit overwhelming at first because there isn't much of a tutorial, but jump in and know you're learning through the first time and then come back and play it for keeps.Pros:- easy to learn- with the fighting you don't see anything but the play-by-play, but it can be pretty stressful and exciting!- Many, many ways to play, win, fail, learn- Can save often so you don't have to lose it all on one fight- Is addicting- Found myself actually attached to the fighters in my stable after a while, and losing them was a huge riskWhat's fine:- graphics, but it is more a dice roll type of experience- Interface is pretty standard, and gets the job done- price is good if you get into itCons:- no real tutorial, and the in-game (?) only explains the surface of things- the odds can sometimes make no sense when you look at the stats- does get a bit grindy towards the end in some cases- fighters in your stable can be moved around or hidden by a new page, meaning sometimes you have to hunt aroundAll in all I say go for it if you can get it on sale and find the concept interesting.  It isn't very historical, but you do get a lot of fun out of it and there are mail updates about actual historical events.  There are very good help discussions to push you in the right direction, but you can play it your way and I have heard people talk about winning in many different ways."
76561198011891156,Recommended,442500,31132025,Posted: 14 April,all,Jargonaut,"I normally do not play simulation games, as I am a big fan of RPG Maker games.However, out of the blue I decided to try a different genre and pick this game because it was on sale for a low price of about $1 . I had a great time, and once started I spend about 40 hours hooked on the game.There is a lot of thinks to do in this game.You can hire scouts, trainers, healers and smiths and decide on what you want them to specialize in when they level up.You can also hire gladiators, provide them with training and weapons and take them to arena fights or exhibitions (fight with animals).You started off in a small town with the aim of defeating all the other gladiators bosses (3 of them) with their large number of gladiators. When you eventually get all the gladiator boss in the small town to close down their operations, you get to move to bigger and bigger towns and eventually to the great city of Rome, the center of the Roman Empire.One of the ultimate goals of this game is to be the wealthiest person in the Empire, even richer than the Emperor.It's a long and tideous process, and the various steam achievements only add more fun to this interesting game.After about 40+ hours of gameplay, I was finally able to get all the achievements and retire from the game in satisfaction.OMG..... considering that I pay only $1.49 for this game and got 40+ hours out of it, I would highly recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,442500,34644987,Posted: 31 August,all,Christopher Sittin,"So this game has been out for well over a year and there's no one new buying this game anyway so there is no point to me writing this review. But I'm going to do it anyway because ♥♥♥♥ you that's why.As you can see by my stupid number of hours played in this game I actually enjoy it. Seriously I don't know how the hell I played this game for 41 hours without blowing my brains out even once still astonishes me. I suppose it's because I am a big fan of management simulation games and what's cooler than a gladiator simulation game?To explain why I can't recommend this game let us start at the beginning:When you first start out in the game it feels like that gladiator simulation game you've been looking for; you can recruit your staff including scouts, doctors, blacksmiths, and trainers, you assemble your own squad of gladiators to send out into the meatgrinder that is the early game arena because you don't know the difference between ""massive"" and ""mild"" shows, and everything seems great. It feels like there are actually interesting aspects such as money lenders and a ranking system. Different bosses and a progression from city to city leading up to the colosseum at Rome.But it's all a ♥♥♥♥ing scam.Well I guess that's a bit of exaggeration, I don't want to give anyone the impression that this game is lieing to you about what it is....even though it kinda does.The issues of the game might not even become apparent on your first paythrough, but I assure you by your second one it sure will.The game is painfully shallow in its mechanics and wastes so much potential. The game is just flat out broken, which I knew when I first bought it about a year ago but I had hoped patches would come out to fix it but nope. Dexterity is the only skill that matters so just max that while throwing a couple of points towards strength and your gladiator suddenly becomes ♥♥♥♥ing Russel Crow from...well, I assume you can figure that out. Anyway, the point is that you never need to level anything other than dexterity and strength as long as your fighter has decent health and even then if you've got 150 dexterity/strength it won't matter anyway.This issue is not as terribly game-breaking in a typical playthrough, even though no one can touch your 56-0 gladiator once you get to Rome so what's the ♥♥♥♥ing point anyway, but it becomes super apparent when you try to play the game on the extended campaign mode. If you've played XCOM then you might expect as I did that the game length would be extended but in a consistent and enjoyable way, but why the ♥♥♥♥ would you think that you inbred retard? All it changes is the amount of red-shirt practice dummies for your team of soon-to-be squad of Russel Crowe gladiators to cut through so they can hit max level before leaving the first town. I'm not even joking with that, in what other RPG can you hit max rank within the first 25% of the game? The whole thing is busted and I have no idea how it was ever put into the game. In my numerous attempts I have never been able to get through an extended campaign. Not because I don't have the time but instead because my family keeps catching me playing this game and having me readmitted.Moving on to a few smaller things. The ranking system is just dumb. ""So maybe you should send your top fighter into the arena. He is bruised up and fatigued – but he also is ranked 3rd overall by the so-called experts and pundits of Leptis Magnus"" - The sketchy description for the game. This doesn't mean that he is the third best fighter as determined by a group of intense gladiator channel sports analysts. He just has the third most wins in the town. I have had 2-0 gladiators who I can't be bothered to find on the ranking charts skull ♥♥♥♥ ""ranked 3rd overall"" gladiators who are 22-2. Also, not like you care or are still reading this, but the market is the simplest thing I've ever seen. It feels like they put no effort into making something creative and just have a list of weapons that deteriorate over time.Also the settings suck, but none of you care about settings anyway.So to conclude this review that no one has read, someone finally realized that making a gladiator management sim is cool, but they kinda ♥♥♥♥ed it up.But hey it's 10 bucks so I'd still buy it again."
76561198007375452,Recommended,442500,22130135,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Roman Torchwick,"This game puts you in charge of running a school of gladiators.  You train them, book them in matches, and determine their stats as they level up.Since the game came out, the developer has shown suppot for it through regular updates which have improved, expanded, and enhanced gameplay.  At the time of writing this, I have completed three playthroughs of the game and logged a total of 43 hours of gameplay, according to Steam.  Not bad for ten bucks.My only complaint is that the end game gets a little tedious when it feels as though your fighters can't lose a match and you still have to take out two entire rival schools to win the game.  Also, be prepared to fail on your first few attempts to get your school going successfully.  It's hard to stay financially solvent for the first month or two.All in all, it plays like a good, if not super detailed, sports management game - and I recommend picking this up if that sounds appealing to you.  It's worth the full price, but if it happens to go on sale, it's a steal!"
,Recommended,442500,22346391,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Latin Lover,"Just watched the first 2 seasons of Spartacus, this game was simply perfect for me. It's fun and very addictive.Iron Man mode makes it more exciting :)"
,Not Recommended,442500,29596184,Posted: 30 January,all,ahueonao,"I really wanted to like this game because the premise had potential, but after a couple of playthroughs I have to give it a thumb down. There simply isn't much variety or depth in anything about this game, it's just the same grind of two or three dialog boxes with the numbers getting a bit higher each time. And while having all fights on auto-mode is a reasonable decision for a management game, jesus CHRIST does it take talent to make GLADIATOR BATTLES as incredibly dull and tedious as this game does. After a while you'll just be skipping them all. You know how some games have ""steep learning curves""? This game has a steep FUN curve. The economy and training mechanics basically ensure you'll be stuck for a LONG time just grinding in the most tedious way with your awful, glass-jawed gladiators before you can expect to have any serious fights - which, as I mentioned, aren't that great to begin with. Age of Gladiators is just another example of a nice idea that was poorly executed."
76561198237188814,Recommended,442500,22212301,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,paulosdoulos,"Game concepts are not complicated - get a gladiator with decent stats and make him the best so I wondered how quickly it would get grindy.  I think it will, but not as quickly as I first thought.  After 3-4 hours, I had understood gameplay and had 3 strong gladiators I thought I just need to repeat this in the next two cities and then I'm at Rome.  However, 1 of them unexpectedly lost and was executed by a weaker opponent (RNG has to occur at some point ...).  Then another walked out on me (!) because admittedly I hadn't given much care to their living conditions.That's fine I thought.  I still have my best and my matchwinner - and he has 90% chance of not dying if he gets defeated ... but then he wins a fight but gets blinded and so is no longer available.  All of a sudden I have no decent gladiators to win any fights and so can't get any money in from big fights as I'll lose them all.  Will have to fire staff and build up from scratch again.  Trickier than I first thought!Pros:- fun spinoff on management games - creative and imaginative application- admins released helpful update on game 2 weeks ago in response to people's feedback- cheap.Cons:- not especially deep.- won't be spending 100+ hours on this game unless a couple more updates come in."
76561197972400835,Recommended,442500,23074339,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,freebank,"I love it, although it's somewhat unfinished: display errors- no biggie. Unbalanced former careers, unbalanced stats. Side Bets are extremely important if your going for a personal score record, which means you pretty much want all low HP gladiators with high dexterity, maybe 1 or 2 really good gladiators are all you want.. A month may come up with all the fights already concluded, before you get a chance to fight. Just pointing out some flaws/imbalances/bugs, but sometimes flaws/imbalances enhance the fun. Like I said, I love it!  Devoloper is very active in discussions, which is awesome."
,Recommended,442500,28763621,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,The_Iron_Minotaur,"Age of Gladiators is a simple and straight forward sim management game. You are in charge of running your own litle gladiator group during the days of Ancient Rome.With that being said. This game sure does have a lot of detail in terms of stats, specializations, etc. Not to mention side activities and events to keep the player interested. Now the downside, this game has no multiplayer, and while the characters of your gladiator group does interact with you. There aren't enough events or interactions to keep things fresh between you and your fighters. Only three bosses per region and all three of them only vary by the ""level"" of each gladiator and no you can't assinate them only trade and sell your gladiator for either gold or to purposely sabatoage the competition.In the end Age Of Gladiators needs more to keep players invested. It's a great game to past the time. But overall not a full time game to get invested in unless your an achievement hunter. I still recommend it simply because it has a lot of detail."
76561198064443202,Recommended,442500,23826319,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,camillea,"A well balanced but pure management game. It really could have done with some interesting animation. The gameplay is rewarding but a little too easy. The most difficult part is trying to get enough matches to pay for the wages, so the staff leave. There is not enough portraits for the gladiators either. Overall, enjoyable to play but probably only once."
,Recommended,442500,28262325,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Bmorekareful,"It's a fun little game.  If you like management games and want to spend a couple hours being a gladiator owner and you see it for $5, get it.  It's not gonna change the world, but it has a couple rpg elements and lots of randomness."
76561197979896634,Recommended,442500,21468871,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,DaemosZythaer,This is the gladiator manager you've been waiting for!Age of Gladiators is a team management/tycoon/sim game built around hiring staff and fighters to fight in the arena. The execution is simplistic but fun. You'll soon learn the mechanics quickly and begin to develop favoritism among your gladiators!The actual fights are text based RNG fights but they can get fairly intense during close fights. Most of the game is played through menus. I can see this game getting 20+ hours from me. A good buy for 10 dollars.
76561197994693237,Not Recommended,442500,21475672,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Menidas,"Great premise with a little lackluster execution. I've only played about 3h of the game so far but feel I can already provide a fairly comprehensive feedback.. which unfortunately is part of the problem with this game.My paired pro's and con's-------------------------+ Excellent & mostly unexplored premise (for a game).- But unfortunately the setting is highly unterutilized as far as creating an immersive atmosphere is concerned, as you click yourself through poorly interconnected menu after menu.+ Addictive 'Just one more turn' flair at first.- But that soon becomes very repetivite as you realize there is very little to do once you've understood & masterered the bascis.+ Gladiator fights...?!- ...that unfortunately are the most boring Excel sheet, RNG auto-calculations imaginable. The fights are even less enticing than in Punch Club and have zero interactivity to them. You equip your Gladitator with two (!) possible items and send them off to the arena. No fight-visualization, no need graphics, no flavor text... just dull & repetive 'hit' 'missed' 'blocked' pop-ups that eventually result in one of the Gladiators winning.+ A great number of stats, skills, ledgers, historical data to dive in to...- ...much of which is hidden away in the clunky and unnecessarily user-unfriendly UI.-------------------------I really wanted this game to be great and will continue to play in the hopes that the devs add some more flesh to otherwise solid and very promising bones. But if someone would ask me now ""Should I buy it?"" my answers would most likely be a...""Hold off for now unless you really know what you're signing up for and don't require your games to be interactive."""
,Recommended,442500,21515945,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,[BEER]TheRumChum,"Really like this game alot,  fun to make up stories for each fighter.some of the bugs can be annoying i.e ""your mom is Fatigued for 1974964796 days"" thats a little long.and giving your slaves every luxury possible and still have them lose morale.X/X would bet all my money on my opponent then execute my scout because he gave me♥♥♥♥♥♥fighters again.Actually really fun, worth the 10 bucks."
76561198052513821,Not Recommended,442500,32959941,Posted: 28 June,all,Ronald Burgandy,"The idea is great, but the execution was very poor.  Domina is a much better game."
,Recommended,442500,21486225,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,-=[eFFecT HD]=-,"Very good game, needs a little bit of tweaking and polish , but so far it's worth the price .If the price doesn't go up and new content is introduced this is definetily a must have game"
,Not Recommended,442500,21470598,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Cook66,"This game has perhaps more depth than a free flash game, but not a whole lot. The combat system is just you sitting there looking at numbers flashing, theres no input and the information you're getting is minimal.For a game which is nothing but menus it is remarkable how badly made those menus are. There are a ton of screens that require a massive amount of extra unnecessary clicks to get through. Your list of fighters as an example can be a mile long, but theres only 5 on each page even though theres space for 6 on the list and a ton of wasted space around it for pointless aesthetics that add nothing to the game.The game also runs in a forced low resolution and enabling full screen only puts the window in the middle of the screen with a black border, it doesn't let you increase the size of the interface either.I haven't played the game a whole lot as I decided I'd rather get a refund than invest any more time with this. There might be a decent text based game here if you can get past the fact that the actual combat part has zero user interaction and is just dice rolls that you can do nothing about, but I'm not going to suffer through it's terrible interface to get to it."
,Recommended,442500,21925380,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,berd,"Like any game, it has its downsides, but not many or game ruining. For $10, I'm not looking for a ton of content. This is the kind of game I've been waiting years for, and I finally have it. Gladiator Management Game. As of now, it takes up 317MB... so there is that too.Hint: For best results -high dexterity is the best statTrained the greatest Gladiator the world has ever seen. Regulus went 70-0 and made me $1.5 million before losing his first fight to a pleb 10 levels lower. Logically, I had him executed.Also, there is a fun easter egg in the game. You can recruit a gladiator named Maximus nicknamed ""The Spaniard"" who is incredibly OP."
,Recommended,442500,21532168,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,thc.,"I think the game is great! By forgoing early access and offering us a nearly bug free game  you have surpassed many others. In its current state the game is well worth the asking price, you will get hours and hours of enjoyment out of it if you like these kind of games.Sure there is no 3d fight scenes, but lets be honest, whoever bought this game for the fight scenes alone did not make a very intelligent choice.The game is a well structured and fairly well balanced offering at this stage of its life, There is a clear cut path to win which is its only major flaw as far as I can see.The developer is very active within the community and looks as though he intends to keep updating the game and creating content for it.PROS:Addicting management simulationAttentive DeveloperNo errors for meUpdates inbound!CONS:Only one save game slotWinning path becomes clear after a few hours of gameplayLimited Armor/Weapon SystemLimited Skill SystemLevel Cap for Fighters/StaffNo Workshop SupportAll in all a very nice first release, I'm expecting big things from this developer.10/10"
,Recommended,442500,21565236,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,FuriousC,"A very accessible game to pick up and play after the first 30 mins or so of figuring out where everything is.It's sort of a simplified version of a sports management simulation but it has lots of potential.Basically you have a 'stable' of gladiators, you improve their facilities, armour and weapons. You employ staff to train them and scout for new prospects. Then you choose which fights to enter them into with the opportunity to bet on the fights to increase revenues. The gladiators then progress up the rankings and if you have enough success in your local area, you move on to a new city.If the developer keeps working on some of the ideas suggested then it will improve even further but I already found it very fun to play."
,Recommended,442500,25595238,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,osirish,"Age of Gladiators is a first game from a 1 man development team. Basically it's a spreadsheet management simulator hidden behind an easy to use and clear graphic user interface, and while it can seem simple on the surface, there is a lot of hidden depth when it comes to min/maxing your gladiator's stats to get the best results. Scouting potential new fighters and rival boss stables is essential. Learning what stats have what effects is also important. The first few playthroughs can be brutally difficult until you learn how to manage your budget. In addition to managing your fighters and their development, you also manage their living conditions, hire staff, buy weapons and armor, send gladiators on side quests, manage your expenses between fights, try to increase your reputation to become rich and famous, and that's all before you get to the fights and the gambling!The developer is constantly releasing updates, many suggested by the player base, and what excites me the most is the potential this game has. History and facts could be added via an encylopedia, the fights could move from text based to 3D, your stables could move from sliders to a mini city builder, many more side quests could be added, multi-gladiator fights could be added, creation of gladiator events sponsored by you ... so much potential in either this or the sequel.The game is not perfect, if you are expecting an action game involving gladitorial combat, this isn't it. It's more like Football Manager for ancient Rome. The learning curve is steep, but once mastered, becomes much easier. However, the game and it's setting is original, it's not expensive even at full price, and can suck you in so that the hours disappear while you have that ""just one more turn."""
76561198145167907,Recommended,442500,22655697,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Almsi,"Age Of Gladiators is a nice little bussiness sim, with lots of RPG and strategy elements.This game can appeal more to the casual players, giving you the option to complete a playthrough quickly. Yet, all the components needed for a deep, complex and involved experience are there.It's a game where decisions matter. How you build your gladiator school, how you shape your gladiators, and how you develop your own character, they all add up to affect the outcome of your game.For a full experience, i recommend playing in the ironman mode. It will push you into studying your opponents, evaluating risk and reward before every fight. You can keep track of your opponent's gladiators, when they might be injured, fatigued, how they improve. It will let you decide when you send a weaker fighter into the battle, to grow him, or to weaken your opponents to give your superstar more chances to win in his next battle (you can also bet against your own fighter, if you decided to sacrifice him...but if he somehow survives, he won't be very happy about it!).Also, try different gladiator builds, there can be a use for most of them. Don't be affraid to experiment.I would really like to see a good tutorial added in, otherwise you need a few playthroughs until you figure out all the mechanics and little things.And now, the essential question:Will you have fun while playing it? I surely think so! Well, at least i do!All in all, you decide how difficult and how in-depth the game can be. I fully recommend it. Especially since it looks like the developer is caring about it and investing more resources into making it better.And since we're talking about gladiator fights,THUMBS UP!"
76561198055239225,Recommended,442500,29399105,Posted: 21 January,all,Greyshe_wolf,If you like management games then you'll like Age of Gladiators. It's a well polished game on the right side of challenging with good replay value as you have several different starting backgrounds which give different benefits and there's several game play elements you can either turn on or off to adjust the gameplay to your liking.
,Recommended,442500,29858792,Posted: 11 February,all,ancientorange,"For the money, this is a pretty good time vampire for the imaginitive. It's not going to go over well for people who need lots of flashy graphics, but if you're the sort of person with a strong inner dramatist, and you like games driven by numerical values and an element of randomness, but are more interested in gladiators than baseball or football, this can scratch an itch.It is not without some pretty gnarly problems though. It's a game that's entirely UI, and in many many ways, the UI sucks. Not as bad as Dwarf Fortress, but it's also nowhere near that level of complexity.1. Many menus can't be backed out of. If you hit ""New Game"" instead of ""Load Game"", guess what: you're making a new game. You can then immediately load the game you meant to and consign the game you just made to partial oblivion, but still, I expect to be able to hit the escape button to, well... 'escape' that mis-click.2. Mediocre tooltips are only mildly informative, and incomplete. Most things you can work out by trial and error, and as long as you don't play Ironman, you can save-scum to figure out what different buttons do without negative results. Very useful when picking 'perks' and not know in what increment a perk point will provide.3. It's a management sim with a shortage of management tools. It's very bare bones when it needs to have more fluidity. For example, the only way to move people around the roster is by permanently removing people from the roster. I have some great fighters two or three pages in (too few fighters displayed per page too) and the only way to get them to front page is remove enough fighters in front of them so that the get there.Another lacking feature is the ability to sort your fighters. You can sort of sort your weapons/armor caches, but not your fighter roster. It's always a FIFO ordering in the order you procured them.The biggest miss though, is the lack of a way to mark, star, or otherwise tag fighters to track them. Without the ability to put them in an ordered list, you really need some way to help keep track of your best, worst, and most trainable fighters--preferably with different tags. But there is no way to do that. The lack of this feature is especially annoying once your stable grows and/or you end up with multiple fighters with the same name. There are so many useful ways to group and order your fighters that it's a real thorn to have no way to do that--in a management sim!The only way to keep any sort of records or groupings like that is to pull out a pen and paper, or maybe pull up a text editor to run alongside, but that seems a bit off as those are management tools I just expect to find.4. Random can be pretty random. Any game that uses randomness runs afoul of this, but in some areas, it's a problem. I'm honestly a bit on the fence as to whether or not it's a problem or just the principle challenge.5. Levels don't mean that much. This is another one I'm on the fence about. On one hand, I like the idea that a good fighter is a good fighter, and anyone can have a bad/good day. Anyone can die, and a level 1 fighter can trounce a level 10 fighter. Mostly, this is an advantage because it means that you can continue to bring up new fighters even when the common level in the arena gets large. A lot of the importance of leveling comes down to how well you manage the bonuses of leveling up.The AI seems to be awful at leveling.6. One stat to rule them all definitely applies. There is one stat that above all others influences the outcome of every battle: Dexterity. It determines your hit rate. The fighter thate scores most frequently, wins most often. The other stats are nice, and all provide value, but Dex is grand high emperor.7. Managing save games from within the game itself is awful. No custom names, just the date and name of the manager you're playing. But the real kicker is: you can only delete saves you manually made. I've not found a way to delete past autosaves from within the game, and I hope they have a limited number of slots.8. I have no idea why this game is as big as it is. It's enormous for what it is.Still, I'm having more fun with it than I've had with games I've payed much much more for. It's worth the sale price for sure. If the interface issues were fixed (escape key, more fighters per page, more management/tracking features) it would be worth the non-sale price."
76561198072155841,Not Recommended,442500,30438403,Posted: 10 March,all,zeranixaimar,"At first sight, this game seems to be a complicated manager game mingled with RPG elements (character building, equipement, etc.), but when you get to know how the mechanism works, you will find the game quite shallow and tedious. The gladitors are basically the same except for their attributes. The battle is totally uncontrollable and unengaging. And, you are going to do the same thing over and over again (end turn, enter tourment, skip, next, end turn again). So I won't recommend this game."
76561198014166179,Recommended,442500,25598123,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Buffinator,"Age of Gladiators could be one of the menu screens on a higher rent title. The game is largely carried by the theme and lacks character depth, plot, and visuals. That doesn't mean I'm not enjoying it though. AoG is pure management: Your gladiators to fight for you. you hire staff to find and maintain your gladiators. If one of your good gladiators dies, making money becomes difficult. When making money becomes difficult, things start to go wrong. Gladiators have a morale system and may leave if you don't pay them, let their comrades die, and a variety of other circumstances. All of that sets up for a pretty cool game (the higher rent title for which this is the menu system).Remember those gladiators and support staff? Stat monkeys. Staff are litterally just functions of two stats depending on if they are (talent) scouts, trainers, doctors, or smiths. But, this is a management sim, so you probibly care less about Dr NPC's relationship with his wife and more about how his ability to dislodge a spear from your gladiator's spleen compares to another doctor, and a numeric score acomplishes that. (note gladiator injuries can be that specific but only add a mod on recovery time).Gladiators are also mostly stats and one of about a dozen generic portraits. Battles play out basically as turn-by turn dice rolls, which makes sense from removing you from control of the gladiator's actions to the coach betting money on him/her on the sidelines. (the hypothetical higher rent game would really add something if battles were visualized, especially if it were tied into the betting system so you could place prop bets as the battle played out).So why am I recomending a game that my major comment about is that I wish there were more to it? Well, that's it really: my problem isn't that it's a bad game, it's a good game that could be a great game. Could be a 30-40$ gladiator game that I could rave about rather than a 10$ game that is merely pretty decent. It is very possible to fail at this game, and if you do it is probobly your own fault. That is the sign of a good game, when poor descisions have consequences and good decisions have rewards. It's pretty rewarding when you start being able to take down opponent's top fighter's, or looking at their roster and trying to decide if you could take them at the next fight where they are likely to drop their top fighter or if you have to cringe and let the opportunity to make bank (or lose everything) pass you by. There isn't all that much to this game (compared to what I would like it to be), but what is there works pretty well."
,Recommended,442500,21482250,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Contact,"Worth the money, but actually quite challenging and takes a few restarts to really get the hang of things. Does need to be a little less RNG though, you can have a great fighter go against a level 1 and somehow still get wrecked."
76561198008218104,Recommended,442500,21536871,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Viva,"Below this is my previous review. It should be noted that rather than a negative, it should be seen as a positive. I want to let the developer know (since I know he reads these reviews) that I appreciate his hard work in trying to solve any existing bugs. his recent response to my original review, which was in fact negative and his helpful attitude go a long way. Recent posts also show that he is interested in using ideas from players on furthering the game.As for the game itself, this is very much a manager game. You are the boss, not the actual gladiator. It would be cool if you had the choice of fighing, similar to a chivarly engine, but this is not that game. It is fun, but I would say that once you have figured out the initial learning curve and mistakes, the replay value is a bit lower. Only time will tell as the developer continues to work on the game. I look forward to seeing more from this developer. He has a fan!ORIGINAL REVIEW: 3.9 hours of playing and I have already crashed more times than I like to count.I want to give this game a BIG thumbs up. And I will if they fix the game breaking bugs.Currently I am stuck in a game save that leaves the game crashing. If you play this game, at this point in time any time you trade away a gladiator, if you face him again as an opponent, the game will crash. In fact if you interact with any gladiator that you have traded away (get him back through trade or purchase) the game will crash. This unfortunately is a game breaking bug since transactions are a way to obtain some of the more powerful gladiators that would otherwise fleece you. I see the activity being posted by the developers about bugs and their future fixes, but don't see the fixes.I REALLY WANT TO LIKE THIS GAME, but can't in it's current state.EDIT: As of 6 pm PST on 2/28/16, the developer sent me a message asking for my save. Although I wasn't able to give it to him/her (i saved over it,) they are aware of the problem and trying to fix the bug that is my main gripe. This is a developer who cares and is working directly with the ""little people."" Once this issue is fixed, I can say that this developer is far and away better than many other ""bigger"" companies. *fingers crossed for a fix*"
76561198008750638,Recommended,442500,21513123,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Bigneecs,"This game has got me hooked. It has the best of your standard simulation game while also scratching that Roman era itch. It has side quests that can be gambles, along with events that update you on the world around you. I would love to see the game get some DLC but as long as they make games as good as this, I'll keep buying them."
76561198148196195,Recommended,442500,23703636,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Kreeds,"This is a good click and play game. With all the features and all the small stats upgrades, this game can kill hours. It's got some replay value and isn't graphic demanding. Good for those would love mangement games."
,Recommended,442500,21483878,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,LtlMacMcG,"This is a really fun little management Sim.   Probably not for you if you don't find the Gladiators of the Roman Empire interest, but if you've got an imagination to back up the numbers it is pretty good.  The price point is a little high for what it is....but not bad.  Definetly worth a buy if ever on sale for a decent discount.The fundementals and concepts the game explores are really neat, and I hope one day this developer (or another inspired by this game) can take what is here, expan on it, and add some graphics/atmosphere to the game.  Simple cartoon graphics inspired by Settlers 7, WoW, or even Clash of Clans  helping you visualize the experience even more would be  pretty awsome.As said, though, for what it is...it is certainly a fun little SIM game."
,Recommended,442500,21971071,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,MrSneaky,"Literally my biggest love-hate relationship with a game1-Starts game and looks through all the tabs and gets confused2-Hires some staff and waste half of my money buying gladiators3-All those gladiators either die or just become useless as you move on which causes you to go bankrupt4-Restart the game (Chances are you will do this alot when you start, maybe im just weird)5-Decide to be wise with your money and no more buying gladiators just because they have 2 A+ stats6-Get a good gladiator that can actually last more than 5 seconds with an opponent7-You feel proud of your gladiator having a 10-0 record and at this point you are sure you can make it big, you just have to believe!8-Enter a low hype fight and get killed by an enemy going 1-69-Quit at life10-Come back to the game and make decision that you WILL suceed, you promise yourself that you will not die this time11-After a number of attempts, finally get a solid gladiator able to beat enemies with his eyes closed in the first area12-Move on to the second area13-Get destroyed14-Cry15-Repeat steps 10-14If you are good enough at the game and luck is on your side you will eventually reach rome and by that point you will probably shed a few tears and you have the right to pat yourself on the back if that time comesOverall I really enjoyed this game, the rage of being killed in 6-1 odds fights is real, but I still love it and reccomend it :3On a sidenote my gladiator is who is 400-1 has been killed in a 3-1 fight by a guy going 29-7, literally crying right now.On another sidenote I WANT MAXIMUS DAMMIT"
,Recommended,442500,22782233,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Vertibird,"Great game with a developer constantly updating the game, listening to the community feedback. A must buy."
76561198096699688,Recommended,442500,21643346,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Judaka,"This game is about being the manager of gladiators whom you hire, train and have fight for you. You have to worry about hiring staff and managing your funds while winning matches and fighting your way to Rome. The game is simplistic but elegant and while you can't control your gladiators, the fights can still be very intense.Pros:Amazing SoundtrackIntense gameNegs:Can be too easy once you understand the gameLacks replayabilityI recommend the game to people who enjoy strategy/simulation genre and I was really enjoying the game until I understood how it worked and despite attempting new runs, found the game to be boringly easy. However before that the game was really fun, I hope that they can patch the way fighting works so that all stats are valuable rather than just one or two and then it will be a great game."
76561198029711481,Recommended,442500,31500195,Posted: 1 May,all,Lord of Beards,Inflict testicular trauma upon lions and men.Simple yet highly addictive management sim. Lacks depth and complexity. Grab it on sale for a dollar or in a bundle.
,Recommended,442500,31120914,Posted: 13 April,all,kotsiosNP,"Not the best game ever, but the best 1,50 euros investment! Played 6 straight hours to get to rome, totally worth the 25 cents per hour for the entertainment it offers. If you fancy this type of management games you should definetly give it a try!"
,Recommended,442500,21538765,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,WARLORD,"This game is awesome. An amazing addictive simulator. Love the fights and battles hoping for more expanded options, and an endless mode after you pass Rome. Great Developer support."
,Recommended,442500,23336979,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,kenny_x,Developers please add the Russian language!
,Recommended,442500,22811950,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Lou,"Buy and train gladiators, and have them fight in arenas in the provinces, as you attempt to gain enough fame and fortune to reach Rome itself, and become number 1 gladiator owner in the Empire.You can have your gladiators fight animals to train them up. But unlike Proximo, you will never be sold queer giraffes, lol."
76561198053988784,Recommended,442500,22152286,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Stephen,Great game. Nothing I've played before this has captured the true feel of owning gladiators so well.
76561198041136706,Recommended,442500,26024141,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,petersly,"Simple, well executed management game. Interesting for several hours, becomes of very little challenge after few hours. Still, the game is enjoyable for lets say 10 hours, so worth the price - especially discounted one.With adding more depth, more features and balancing the game it has potential to become very good management game."
76561197977197672,Recommended,442500,21580976,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,bigtlovesbeer,"Age of Gladiatorss, simply put, is a just-deep-enough text based management/sim in an ancient Rome setting.  You start with a small team of gladiators in a tiny arena in a smaller city and slowly work your way up the ranks until you're fighting the best in Rome.  The combat plays out simply in RNG/dice roll fashion.   You pick which gladiator you want fighting for you, equip him properly, and you let the gods sort out the rest.  To advance your position as a Lunista you must have the business sense to know when to expand, the forsight to scout the right talent, and the tactical sense to risk the right gladiator int he right event.  This game simulates these mechanics in a simple, easy to play fashion, but it's deep enough that it kept me hooked.What I like:-Easy, straightforward management sim.-Options are in place to make the game tougher should you wish to.-No boring tutorials, everything you need to learn the game is in the game itself so you can just jump right in.  Learn when you need to at your own pace.-The portraits of the gladiators are well drawn and look really cool.   It would be nice if there was more of them and the weapon specialties matched up with the weapons the gladiators are holding in the portraits, but for $10 those are relatively minor criticisms to an overall cool feature of having this awesome artwork.-Economy is light.  Many would see this as a negative but it's pretty simple plus/minus type stuff you have to worry about.  Knowing when to expand is basically having the common sense to look at your costs versus what you stand to make per fight.-Risk/Reward gameplay is always fun.  You can put your best gladiator up for the biggest shows, but he might die... so...What I dont like-Endless clicking, but it comes with the genreI bought this game over the weekend and I had a blast with it.  I probably won't play it forever but I do like text based management sims.  And I've played games in this genre for $30 or more that aren't this polished and aren't this addictive.  My play time is a little inflated becuse this is the kind of game I keep up and walk away from for a few hours.   Or I'll have it open while I'm watching a game on TV so I'll play for a few minutes, look away for awhile, come aback to it 20 minutes later, etc.  It's not really the type of game I sit down and stare at for 10 hours at a time.  Though it's addictive enough that I could see how one might.  I did notice that the game is actually more difficult in the beginning than it is in the later phases of the game.  But that's how management games work.  You struggle to build something great, and if you do it well, you'll have a much easier time down the road.  I can't really say that's a gameplay flaw when thats how these games are supposed to be.  The artwork is limited but... it's a text based game.   Having any artwork at all is a huge plus and the artwork here is definitely nice to look at.This game is pretty clever.  I like it a lot.  And the developer is very involved with the community.  It's easily worth $10.  If you like these type of games you should definitely support this one.  If you can pick it up for less it should be considered stealing."
,Recommended,442500,23562822,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Caddelin,"This game was a very grateful surprise. It is a management game that doesn't bother the player with micromanagement, and its mechanics is so simple that very quickly you understand how it works and operates, in such a way that it becomes very fast-paced for quick fun.The different stats your gladiators have guarantee different strategies in battles, but also makes clear which are the strong points and weaknesses of each, so that even if you are facing a higher (or lower) level character there is a real possibility that not only chance, but also the interactions of their different stats may favor the underdog sometimes.That is not to say the game couldn't be improved. The galadiators are very bland, and even though they try to make each unique by having their own ""background""history, it comes down to a generic text that doesn't create any empathy between the player and the characters.It is also a pity that the game doesn't try to deepen a little bit its complexity by adding different characteristics, pros and cons of each weapon. The coice of weapons was one of the most importante and strategically meaninful choices in a gladiatior match, and the game simply ignores it.All in all, it is a good game, specially if you find it in a bargain, such as during steam sales. It also shines some clever lights not only for its developers, but other independent developers who wish to undesrtand how simple mechanics and programming can go a long way providing fun if you are clever and creative."
,Recommended,442500,28767330,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Sciaphobia,"The ""potential scenario"" listed in the ""About this game"" section is a surprisingly reasonable introduction to the game. The options suggested there truly are all available to you, and the considerations involved are also real. However, it also implies a bit more freedom of choice than is truly available. Regardless, if the 'potential scenario' looks compelling to you, that alone is probably enough to suggest you would enjoy the game.The game is solid, and worth trying. I will list what I believe the strengths and weaknesses are, with a primary focus on the weaknesses. I will focus on the weaknesses because overall, the game works. The game is fun. You will see that I feel like it has a lot of as-yet unrealized potential, but that does not mean I do not think this is a solid title. It is quite solid, and while it does some things wrong, it does plenty right.Where the game succeeds:The feeling of managing a gladiatorial ludus just works. Giving a weaker fighter a chance to battle and gain strength feels like the risk it is, and offers reasonable rewards for doing so. Managing to train a real champion makes you feel like you truly have a powerhouse at your command.Managing finances has a engaging feel. The need to pay attention to income vs expenditures is present, but is also handled in such a way that it is not tedious. While financial decisions primarily affect the early game, they do succeed in making you look at a potential expendature in a ""do I really need this?"" light.While somewhat clunky in points, the user interface is realatively easy to understand. It is easy to understand what you can, and can not do, generally speaking.The developer is actively working on the game. In the brief period I have owned a copy, he has already tackled some grammatical errors that were present. The developer also actively responds to feedback in the game's discussion forum, which is also where suggestions are requested to be made.Where the game struggles:If you can get past the initial financial struggles of the early game, the need to put much consideration into finances tends to evaporate. Gladiator costs do not rise nearly so fast as your income generating capabilities do, and equipment costs never rise. Overall there is significantly more ability to generate money than there is to spend it, provided you can break free of the early game.Game difficulty wildly fluctuates throughout a playthrough. You have some control of the difficulty, but some things spill over into the territory of exessive. Early on, it is easy to become bankrupted by a few bad fights, while in the later stages it is possible to have a gladiator who is so powerful he doesn't even need weapons to win with ease. This could be intended, but the huge swing in difficulty has a slightly awkward feel.If you are playing the game with the option where you choose how your gladiators level up, there are clear 'best practices' for doing this. This results in a stable full of cookie cutter gladiators who all level up the same way. As an example, up until level 6, the trait that should be selected on any gladiator is the one that lets you pick more stat points per level up, giving you 10 total per level up instead of 5. As gladiators have a max level, every level you don't prioritise this will permanently lose your gladiator stats.Combat itself is done in a text based turn by turn style that manages to feel slow and fast at the same time. You can sit through two gladiators missing each other dozens of times in a row, or a flurry of traded hits that scroll by too fast to really see. You can change the combat speed so the hits are easier to see, but that makes the misses take longer to get past as well. There's a combat summary at the end, but it can be pages long. I can not immediately think of a better way to accomplish combat, but the current system left me wanting more.Gladiators have morale that is affected by events around them. Whether you've executed one of them, what their living conditions are, whether their brothers/sisters are winning or losing their matches, and more. It is relatively easy to max morale and keep it maxed, making it less engaging than it might otherwise be.Where the game fails:Speaking with rivals is possible, but seems to have absolutely no value. You can buy, sell, or trade gladiators, but unless there is a trick to this that I have not learned, it is never favorable to do this. This is worsened by your potential trading partners being the same 'bosses' that are your rival lanistas, and if you have been beating them they become hostile towards you. I would assume the quality of deals they offer reflects their attitude towards you. As an example, I once looked to see how much my champion would sell to a rival for. This rival had about 2 million coin. My champion had never lost a fight at this time, had won more than any other, killed more opponents than any other, and was the overall most famous gladiator in the world. I was offered 400,000 coins for him - less than he could earn in a single bout.The amount of time you have to spend in a city is often far longer than was strictly necessary, making your gladiators not only too strong for the current city, but the next as well. This is probably not the case in Iron Man mode where you can't save, so bad luck deaths in your gladiator team set you back, but it is an issue in the normal mode."
76561198014194946,Recommended,442500,26118350,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Super Daioz,Football manager meets gladiator really addictive game good replayability get the sad feels when you lose your favourite gladiators.
,Recommended,442500,21527795,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Narnach,"This is an interesting management game, and a steal at the $10 price point. I started playing at 1pm and before I realized it, it was 8pm and I still needed to fix dinner. Time just evaporates as you play this game.It took me a few ""failed"" savegames to discover that you definitely need to manage your money tightly, and that you want to plan ahead for the Massive Hype fights by knowing what your opponent is likely to send against you and prepare accordingly. The stats of the gladiators have interesting dynamics and definitely allow a ""weaker"" gladiator to win a fight they are not ""supposed"" to, when you have everything else setup correctly. It's very satisfying to win a fight that has the betting odds stacked 1:4 against you :-DThe only thing I can field as a criticism is that you can ""lose"" due to circumstances that feel out of your control, such as not enough fights being scheduled to stay afloat. That said, just make sure you have a ""runway"" of 2-3 months to balance against this.I had so much fun playing this game, I made a video that shows about the first hour of gameplay:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u4mFHBqVCtQ"
76561198043987450,Recommended,442500,21492330,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,vietleole,"Great game, Almost  beat Rome In Ironman mode.one huge problem is that its impossible to maintain morale for the gladitor no matter what you do."
76561197961411300,Recommended,442500,21491540,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Youngstown,I have barely scratched the surface of this game but I'm already enjoying it immensely.  My buddy and I are sitting on the couch and cheering on the fighters as they compete in battle.  Each of us has our favorites that we want to succede.  Tons of fun if you are into simulation/management style games.
76561198045360299,Recommended,442500,21570154,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,arconoff,"This is great addictive and fun to play game. It is old school in many ways, it is hard but great sense of achievement. I challenge you to not get attached to your top gladiator. Those who are about to die, we salute you!"
,Recommended,442500,21633057,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Mourning_Palace,im addicted to this game!at first i struggled with my gladiators losing morale alot but then i learned the game better and worked out the better perks to have and the best catagories to put my gladiators xp points into etc and now im flying along and having great fun!the game is obviously in an early state having only been released a week or so ago but already its very playable and addictive with the developer adding regular updates and listening to peoples suggestions which is always a huge positive!im getting near the end of the game now (i think) so i cant wait for the updates to add even more to the game and i will 100% play it all over again! :)great management game and i totally recommend it!
76561198040669155,Recommended,442500,28860865,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Helluvee,"Hardly a masterpiece, this game represent a decent filler.It’s a management game: you hire gladiators, hone their skills, fight them in the arena, place bets, make money, move to higher profit venues…till you beat everyone and win the game.PROS:+ You will root for your fighters+ the management aspects are varied enough: you hire scouts, trainers, medics, smiths to get wider networks, improve the gladiators fighting skills, reduce the impact and duration of injury and sickness, get better armor and weaponsCONS-	The fighting is rng, you get to stare at a screen with a scrolling text that give a rough description of what’s happenings-	Graphics are below par even for a budget game as well as the soundtrack-	Very little replayability-	Lack of variety in terms of fighting stylesOverall it’s a 6/10 considering a sale price at 2.50"
76561198170388185,Recommended,442500,29767324,Posted: 7 February,all,ahhh33,"Fun Game. Early-Game is a little difficult, depending on what fighters are available. Ive found that DEX is the most important to upgrade and Leveling yourself up so that you can recruit higher level fighters are probably two of the more important upgrades to do early, along with Armor Training.The combat screen is my biggest letdown. At least show an animated fight, with the avatars of the fighters and make that screen somewhat interesting. Its almost as though the rest of the entire game is more entertaining that an actual fight.I got this game on sale for 2 bucks, so for the price, its a home run. For 10 bucks..?... maybe not."
,Recommended,442500,21974300,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,bigcakes,"Enjoyed playing this game, and the most recent major update from the developer made it a lot better."
,Recommended,442500,22650478,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Darthvegeta800,"A well supported and excellent 'Ludus' management game where you recruit, train, equip and manage gladiators. Betting, side events, trading slaves and much more are key elements.The recent patches are quite good, slowly adding a trickle of character and biography to each gladiator.I hope they deepen out this 'rpg' aspect even further.Gladiators gain nicknames and when that heroic demigod of an undefeated champion you raised gets a crippling injury after his latest glorious victory... it pains you to free him or sell him.Don't expect exciting combat. Though I do hope to see some animations and the likes being added. The focus lies on running your Gladiator stable, keep this in mind. But I wholeheartedly recommend this game."
76561198004427691,Recommended,442500,26426842,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,whitesoxs01,"This is a good game, I got it on sale so it was also cheap. It doesn't have great replay value though, I have made 2 run thrus. The first time I had to load a couple of times due to not understanding what I was doing. Then I ran through on ironman, and it was very easy after the first time. The perks you get from winning battles after about 50 victories makes you almost unstoppable. So if you can get this game on sale and would enjoy playing for about 20 hours (a couple of run thrus), then this is the game for you."
76561198200376463,Recommended,442500,26427540,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Steph Doble S,"I like it.Once you get it, it’s pretty easy. All the fighting is VERY repetitive …I wish you could see the fight or at least get involved and not only wait to see the result. I wouldn’t pay the full price, is no bad for ppl who looks for new managing games…but you will get bored in a day and just finish it to see what happens in the end. I cant see myself playing it in a few years, but for now I had enough."
,Recommended,442500,34147088,Posted: 10 August,all,Drexelhand,"This gladiator management sim is alright.It isn't very robust when it comes to effective strategies. Powerleveling gladiator's intel is really the only way to make the momentum needed to get anywhere. The better you make your gladiator, the more expensive they are, the fewer awesome gladiators you can afford to keep, the more profitable bouts need to be won, the stronger enemies need to be fought, so screwing up and having a gladiator die on you really ruins everything. For some reason the intel stat just happens to be super OP, doesn't matter what type of gladiator they are, what weapons or armor they're using, or what difficulty level the game says they are.I wouldn't get it at full price and probably won't play it again, but for what it's worth I enjoyed knocking out some easy achievements and getting emotionally invested in a set of numbers with a name."
,Recommended,442500,22704539,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Andie,"Brilliant little game i usually play during my lunch break at work , the developer is constantly updating and listening to the community which is a nice change :D"
76561198172105854,Recommended,442500,22503230,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Acidic Cunt Face,"An enjoyable and polished game. I have had zero technical bugs, zero problems with the game itself (ridiculous that I even need to say that, but these days games seem to be real buggy). Really nice finished game. A lot of cute features such as greed, weapons, executions and skill points.It takes a bit of patience to learn the game (be prepared to spend a couple of hours making mistakes, and learning from said mistakes). On the other hand, once you have figured it out it goes from really difficult to really quite easy. I am just at the second level and have maxed out all my gladiators at level 40 (long game setting though). Maybe it gets harder on the next levels.Well worth the money. Would execute all my staff again."
76561198106307201,Recommended,442500,30400304,Posted: 8 March,all,|CoH|-piper,"Good game to play that is fun, however once you understand how to win, it becomes a little simplistic/repetitive.Very good artwork throughout, and the gladiator theme has been implemented well, but it is simply too easy to win.If you are a fan of ancient history, or enjoyed the film Gladiator, definitely get this game. It will certainly keep you entertained for atleast afew hours. There are alot of cool things you will probably enjoy.*******************************************************************************I read somewhere people were struggling in how to start this game, or how to win. I will give afew pointers.Starting is the hardest part of the game funnily enough, but once you get settled, it will be almost impossible for you to lose. I just completed the game with 94 million in the bank.Tips1.Go showman origin. Battles are pretty much the only way to make money, so this origin helps you massively- not so much at the start but later on.2.At the start it's better to have 2-3 excellent gladiators, than a load of trash. Buy the best gladiators you can afford. Later on you can buy more.....the final level you need between 10-15 on the roster.3.From my own experience, I found Dexterity and Health the most important attributes. I used aggresive attack in battles to max out this. After this, Agility and Reflex seem to be next most important.4.Make use of trainers. You need these guys so your gladiators upgrade fast. If you fall behind you won't be able to win against other schools (they upgrade too).5.Don't forget ""exhibition"" matches- these allow your gladiators to upgrade very fast. Make as much use of these as possible.6.When your fighters upgrade to the next level, make sure you max out the Fast Learner perk first.7.Always bet the maximum on your gladiators to win their matches- you need this extra money.8.When you can afford it get a black smith and doctor, and don't forget to upgrade the stats on these guys.9.Upgrade the food/shelter etc as much as you can afford- this gives extra XP for all your warriors.10.Don't fight battles you can't win- it's better to train your gladiator and fight a lower ranked match than risk injury.Thanks about it. I'm sure you would have figured it out eventually though."
76561197964631447,Not Recommended,442500,30095287,Posted: 22 February,all,Denjanjeau,"Although pretty honest about what it offers, I still somehow expected the game to be less repetitive and interesting than it turned out to be (from my subjective perspective). It's possible that most that have given it high praise had better expectations that I had. This is the reason I wouldn't recommend the game based on what I like.The game is a rather simple management game with cute pictures and gladiator feeling. When it comes to gameplay and indepth it's mostly at the same level as an ""idle"" game I would say, which is the reason I got bored. I credit the feeling the game gives as reason for trying out for my full 17 hours :)"
76561198002450835,Recommended,442500,25259977,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Nutlaw,"It's a good sports management sim in its own unique way. Not terribly complicated, though it takes a while to figure out exactly where to spend your money, advance your fighters' stats, and use your perks. Everything is more or less laid out for you, but it isn't always clear where you get the best bang for your buck right away.Lots of random chance, which makes the fight outcomes interesting. The fear of losing your characters is legit and reminds me of Blood Bowl, though these guys tend not to last very long at all. The fighters themselves are much less gripping, however, as there are a limited number of images (which don't match weapon proficiencies) and backgrounds that proclaim that a fighter got +10 to some random stat don't really mean much when all of your fighters have stats ranging all over the place from 10 to 80.I like that you can choose between building up morale or security to keep your fighters in place. I like the random events sprinkled throughout.I don't know that I want to play large amounts of this one, but it's fun when you have 5-10 minutes in between other things going on."
76561197968500749,Recommended,442500,21558844,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Give 'em the sleeper!,An incredibly addictive simulator; highly recommended.
76561198283217663,Recommended,442500,24633432,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,ray_rockwood,"If you are a fan of the Spartacus tv show or just gladiator movies and you enjoy text sims then this is the game for you.  I got this game during the summer sale and have definitely gotten my money's worth.  The only negative of this game is that there isn't any animation, just still pictures and words, but if you use your imagination you'll have fun with this."
,Recommended,442500,23288676,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,lozanoloza,"Fun little game to kill time, not for everyone as it can get grindy"
76561198018730351,Recommended,442500,24775141,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,davtonius,"I cant believe how much I enjoy this game. At 1st it seems quite dull. Pick your Lannista character and begin building your Gladiatior school. However the game is very deep. You need trainers, doctors,Weapons smiths, recruiters, weapons,armor. Then you need a strategy. How are you going to bring your recruits up to snufff. Fights against animals, or low difficulty gladiator matches. There are many skills each gladiator has. Do you want strong, armored fighters or quick, accurate, fighters who many not do alot of damage each hit, but will attack 2-3 times more than the bruisers. Its all up to you. You can be a kind Master , who treats his men well, gives them good food and shelter{ which can get very expensive, or go cheap and give them the bare minimum. You decide how much prize money to share with them. You can make side bets on or against your fighter. There are positives and negatives to each choice.. The only negative I have is a better graphic depiction of the battles themselves. It would really pull in more people, because once the battleb starts you hve no control over the fight itself. You train, arm, feed and encourage threm, but the fighting is out of your hands.....As it should be. I cheer on my fighter and do alot of swearing, LOL. Well worth the price you pay. Pick the game up. you wont be disappointed"
76561197992087455,Recommended,442500,22153770,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,ScourgeMcDuck,"HOPE THE DEVELOPER READS THIS: First off, great game, love management sims and you made a good one. I mean Ancient Rome? Duh. One thing though--I want more stats and demographics. With all the in-game stats availavable I was expecting some kind of hall of fame of the scores of all my playthroughs, maybe a list of best fighters across all playthroughs so me and my roommates could compete for the house high score and best champion. As I said, great game, but what the point of even having a meticulously calculated score at the end of a playthrough without anything to compare it to. Really good game, but that right there alone is hindering its replayability factor from being through the roof. Also, maybe more complex skill tree. Keep up the good work! BUY THIS GAME!"
76561197995355592,Recommended,442500,31167124,Posted: 15 April,all,Keadas,"The best 1,50 euro i've spent in Steam."
76561198041482511,Recommended,442500,22262985,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Bvlgari,"This is such a fine game, I thoroughly enjoy it. It's simplistic yet intricate; minimalistic yet elegant. Never before have I grown so attached to my characters, or in this case my fighters. Like many fellow reviewers I, too, am a huge fan of the Roman empire and my love for that time in history only adds to the satisfaction of playing this game. I recommend it."
76561197967809556,Recommended,442500,21685480,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Mysterysheep,"Took me about an hour to figure everything out and then I reached a point where my ""management skills"" no longer mattered. Now I am mindlessly killing everything with 3 gladiators while the rest of my stable passively trains up.Has potential but needs more substance."
76561198105951960,Recommended,442500,21688561,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Frecne,"Started as an ex-gladiator.Saved some money.Bought a few slaves to train and fight for the Glory of my House.Gave them the best weapon and put the heaviest armor I could afford. Little did I know that they were not trained to use any weapon and/or armor yet...Next day sent them to Arena.Watched my fighters die. All two of them.Cried a little.Went back home. Got drunk.Woke up with headache.Realized have nothing left. Went to local Jew to borrow money. 20% interest for a month - that's a bargain, right?Sent scouts to find few more prospective slaves.Got them. Trained them. Sent them to Arena.Watched them win, over and over.Got happy.Got drunk.Was drunk for a week. Woke up with a headache.Realized that while I was drunk, moral of my slaves went down and they all run away.Got upset but had no more money to spend on vine.Went to Jew. He is asking for 25% monthly interest... Are you kidding me, you little greedy men?Borrowed some money.Sent scouts to look for prospective slaves... Looks like I am going to get drunk again._________________Quite simple, but somehow very addictive management simulation game. There are few bugs here and there, but nothing major. game is playable and enjoyable at the current state. No crushes for me - and I already put 15+ hours within the last two days. Buy gladiators, upgrade your facilities, buy trainers, doctors, blacksmiths, etc. Enter fights! Keep your slaves happy... Manage. Simple, but fun. Would recommend."
76561198113093540,Not Recommended,442500,21521195,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,RenegadeKasper,"I really want to love this game. I really do.But in all honesty, it feels like something is lacking. Overall, the game is quite polished, I'll give it that. There were sections I definitely enjoyed. But after a short time, I started realizing the major flaw of this game: It's all based on luck, and honestly that really kills it for me. I'm sure tons of people would be really into this! I can totally get why. It's not a bad game, it's just something between.I would like to clarify however, that given time perhaps my mind might be changed. But we'll see how it holds up."
76561198261712369,Recommended,442500,22612927,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,h0lyshitimsobad,"Honestly, for a price tag of 9.99 and a 1 man development squad i was pretty impressed and rather enjoyed this gladiator simulator, if you are looking to fight on the sands yourself this is probably not the game for you but if you are looking to manage a school of your own gladiators all the way from the armpit of the roman empire to rome itself this is the game for you.10/10 would play 20 hours to execute, murder, or free (unlikely) every gladiator in the roman empire again"
76561198207441052,Recommended,442500,24965488,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,moorec9,"Proximo: ""What do you want, a girl? A boy?""You would think that being a slave-owning owner of gladiators would allow a person to engage in some of the less than honorable and sordid happenings that ""slave-owning owners of gladiators"" were won't to do back in Ancient Rome.  But unfortunately, I can't offers boys or girls, as tokens of my appreciation to my victorious slave gladiators.  Nor can I whip, flog, castrate, or sell them off to the mines for failure.  (In fact, I HAVE TO PAY MY ♥♥♥♥ING SLAVES A SALARY! Unacceptable!)  So alas, my dreams of being a dirty, old, lecherous, drunkard of a wreck for a human such as the character Proximo (that's the character played by the actor Oliver Reed in Ridley Scott's Gladiator) will go unrealized for the time being.This game is like picking up a dirty looking♥♥♥♥♥♥at a bar, in that you may enjoy it for a few hours of time but probably will never spend anymore time with it, after your initial time is over.   And just like banging a dirty little strumpet in the real world may or may not entail some regret.  (i.e. Some people may regret purchasing this game for more than a few dollars, some people may enjoy the few hours of use they get from their purchase and never look back.)In sum, a good way to waste a couple of hours.  Not a lot of replayability though.  Once a player gets the proverbial ""snowball"" rolling and has a healthy cadre of gladiators (with strong stats) or a single unbeatable gladiator, it's pretty much just queue management (of your gladiators) until end game.Tip: When your gladiator's level up initially, make sure to invest in +1 to additional points to skills up to 5 times early on.   This will ensure that your gladiators have the maximum amount of points (10 +/-) to invest in their skills from levels 5-40.  By doing this, a player can get 150 in multiple stats and 100+ in others.   One of my gladiators had something like 130 kills and no losses before retiring.....then I discovered the ""no retiring perk.""Tip 2: The merchant seems to have an ungodly early-game advantage due to the amount of additional cash they have early on.-This game could have been, indeed could be, so much more, if depth were added.-Probably a decent buy at $5 to $10.-Probably will never play again without the ""Do you want a girl? A Boy?"" Option being added in gameplay."
,Recommended,442500,25989513,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Guillo,"Great game ! It get you very addicted in no time. This game force you to manage smartly and carefuly , if you don't you'll ran out of money or lose your best fighter in no time.  This game remind me of Colosseum: Road to Freedom on the PS2 execpt you don't get to manually fight in this one. It would be great if someone would mix both and make a new style of Gladiator game :)GREAT SOUNDTRACK"
76561198277821168,Recommended,442500,33286582,Posted: 5 July,all,mmweed2000,"A Very fun management style game, The early game is very enjoyable, but the late game can get to be extremely easy due to the massive amounts of wealth you can gain. Still a very Fun game and you should definitely pick it up if it goes on sale/"
,Recommended,442500,33870085,Posted: 28 July,all,barusa,To those considering buying this game please realize this is a text based game with good graphics.  This is not an action game or even a third person strategy game.I liked the game because this is the kind of I was looking for.  This type of game is great to play while doing other things in real life.  I can play as many or few turns as I want.  I can make choices that affect the outcome of the gladiators.  I can make choices that affect my ability to win or loose.A simple game to pass time.
,Recommended,442500,21560318,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Nixx,"Very addictive and fun. First game was a bust (didn't like the Scout bonus). Lost the first match of my second game but continued, and have been undefeated since then. Maybe it's too easy, but winning is fun, and I've had some close battles. Spartacus almost got killed once!I'm forcing myself to quit for the night, I want to keep playing. I'm into the second city and still having fun. Don't be afraid to take out a loan if you get low on money, if you are winning you'll do OK. I've always bet the max on my guys, since I keep winning.The upgrades, perks and random encounters are fun. I've only done one random encounter thing and it was successful, so not sure what happens if you fail.I found a minor bug. I realized you could change the gladiators names, and clicked on the name. Then I clicked 'next' to move to the next gladiator. The name field was still active, so it set that gladiators name to the one I had originally selected. With a few clicks all my gladiators had the same name. Seems like a (minor) bug to me. Having the name field selected and going to the next gladiator shouldn't change their name.When looking at new equipment it'd be nice to have a comparison to current equipment. It takes a couple clicks to see if what's in the market is any better than what I already have equipped.Oh yeah, an interface change I'd like is things to be more compact. Instead of spreading things out over multiple pages they could be condensed and have less wasted space.Anyways, thumbs up, I'm having fun. Worth the full price. Looking forward to more updates."
76561198123291958,Recommended,442500,22484805,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,david.halme,"Amazing game, it requires thought, skill, and strategic planning. A+ to the developer, very nice job and I am impressed!"
,Recommended,442500,21554547,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Dog,"After doing a full play through in about 9 hours I can fully  say I enjoyed this game enough to justify the $10 on it.  Was very fun, took a couple of failed run throughs early on to get the hang of it.  Here are some things I would like to see in game, as well as helpful tips that I would say may help you in your playthrough (no spoilers)- As others have stated, you only fight against other humans.  Having some special event where you can fight a lion or something to make it historically accurate would be good.  Stil very fun.- It can be frustrating trying to find the perfect 'prodigy' type of person that will just clean house after awhile...but when it does it's the best feeling ever.  With that said, age plays 0 factor, or at least it did nothing for me.- If you are starting out, if you are having isues with your Stables morale just make sure the guard and prison 'upgrades' are not selected, as this lowers morale directly.- If you are like me and like having an entire army of gladiators of level 40 at the end, it'll be good to invest your future fighters to have at least 40+ intelligence (I would not recommend leveling this up with some of your points, though).- Also, once you have 3-4 good fighters for your new fighters I would immediately upgrade the amount of skill points they get.  You'll thank yourself once you are in Rome and you have monster stats.- Save often.  And also worth noting there is only 1 save game on file.Hope this helps you, definitely worth a play through if you like simulation management games as this one is very unique."
,Recommended,442500,29732631,Posted: 5 February,all,Razonix,"Unlike the title might suggest, we're not talking about a RTS. This is basically a tycoon game and the title's premise quickly caught my attention, so I decided to give it a run to see what this was all about. For starters, there's not much of a plot. I mean, you have a certain goal to meet but there's not really a story to offer some immersion. You can hire certain staff members to assist on your quest and just like the gladiators that you recruit, they also evolve through time. You have to pay them all salaries and the value keeps on rising the more you play. You can also build facilities to improve the morale of your fighters. Besides, you also have the opportunity of purchasing some better gear at the market and the stock is always renewed after some time. Ok, overall we're talking about a fun game and everything, but there're a few things that could be improved:1-) No tutorial: Well, the game isn't exactly that complex, as long as you know what you're doing. If you try to play it without reading any guide first, you might have a hard time (such as I, until eventually I decided to look for more information about it).2-) Soundtrack: I'm not saying that it's bad, but it's so repetitive that it gets old quite easily. It didn't take much for me to mute the game and listen to something else3-) Micromanagement fest: As mentioned earlier, the more experience your crew has, the more they evolve. That shouldn't really be much of a problem, except that depending on the size of your party, you've gotta distribute all the points and that process gets quite annoying after some time, especially because if they're tired / injured / sick, their stats are affected so unless you have an elephant memory, it's better wait until the debuff is gone. Another thing: Your fighters' equipment decay after some time and you've gotta keep that information on track. Although you can have a blacksmith, they won't actually repair your stuff, they'll just improve their efficiency. That said, although you can manage several gladiators, such process is so tedious that it's better to stay with a just small elite force and focus on them.4-) Grinding, holy grinding: The nature of that game can't be hidden, after all. In order to reach to the top you've gotta fight to get there. No worries, as there are plenty of battles to be fought. The closer that you're to the end of the game, the harder it is to kill the other gladiators in battle, so I seriously advise you to choose your skills with care because that will make a lot of difference on how much you're gonna click.Well, that's basically it. The game isn't really perfect but it's surely fun and I really hope that some similar titles may be released in the future."
76561198066529176,Recommended,442500,31787579,Posted: 16 May,all,Barachiel,Age of Gladiator is one hell of a management & smulation game. There is a lot of variety in the game so it promises mid range of play time.Pros+ Different Classes & play styles+ Randomness Fact (actually may depend as pro)+ Rewarding and playableCons- Once you get the idea can get repetitive as the character you play- Coult be a bit grindy and make you boredAs a Price / Product it is overrally 85/100
76561197978377790,Recommended,442500,21501756,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,forth,"Quick fun, worth the price.If Dev continues to support and update, the game will only improve.  Mod support in the future would add tons of possibilities."
76561198042648524,Recommended,442500,21504564,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,CrusaderKiller,"At first I gave this game a bad review b/c it would not start. But the fact is, I just had to hit ESCAPE to exit the loading screen and go to the main menu.Now that I have played, I am going to tell you to pick this game up RIGHT NOW. It is 9.99, which is a fast food lunch stop. Put down the burger and go train a gladiator people. This game is off the chart.Pros:- refreshing difference, simple, yet difficult- randowm each time you play- you get attached to your fighters- simple mechanics that pull you in and get you addicted and have you on the endge of your seat- well thought out- updates are inbound with fixes, tweaks, balances, and new stuffCons:- hard to survive, and keep money; very challenging, which could actually be a PRO- you can see the gladiators fight, but then again the game does not have to do that to prove to be funI give this game a 10"
,Recommended,442500,21520793,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,IcewaterCreekStudios,"""Status;""IN PROGRESS""So recently more art was added, and a few tweaks here and there, but still not what it can be.Done well, but too random in battle outcomes and needed more tweaking and testing to get it right because it seems there is no ryme or reason to outcomes but they are better.Not for bugs mind you, but for balance, which in fairness takes a lot of time to be done right and months of going back to the board.As many people support the title, if you read there are redundant complaints that need fixing, so from a dev standpoint I will attempt to reflect on this as well.$9.99 is a good price for it, well done.Good music, nicely done.Artwork is decent, but redundant! They have added more, but still redundant for the large database file.For the amount of Gladiators they have for the large csv, need more gladiator art variations. Also commented by many who reviewed with a thumb up. Spend some of the earned money on new artwork to keep the player interested. Seeing the same photo with so few is redundant at best and takes away from a beatiful gui.(gui is the pop up windows you use to execute a move in the game)Constructive Opinions;Starting off is way too hard. This opion has been worked better, but more tweaking needs to be done. The random rolls are not equating from a dev standpoint to reflect any chance to win at game start. I had in 15 fights for 15 losses so tired of playing now. Even one game had two weeks of training without a fight and had top trainer and great moral, but still cant past the lowest boss men, and there is a reason for this, ie my next reference.Since it seems to me you loose every match, go broke waiting to level and train, it seems even fighting level 2 boss, his men do not equate to a level 2 avg. For instance my Level 2 Avg boss had 5 level 3, 2 level 5 and 4 level 3. How that is an avg of level 2 gladiators for the lowest boss is beyond me. That is a 3 avg a worst to even level 4, which is the next boss you can choose to fight. They are as random in the csv (which I imgagine is HUGE) and with so many variables to random roll for, it now has become a severe balance issue. Also the prior stated artwork issue.Forcing the player to get a loan to just loose constantly is not fun and then is broke. Not fun, even when an adult plays and manages every penny.Restarting the game because of its complete unpredictable nature, starting over and over, gets old as well. Are we entertained? Not yet.We are all looking for a great gladiator game, so I supported them as many have because they have said the dev is active and thus far it shows.In closing;I will recommend this game, since its one of the few options out there of this kind, and a lot of work was put in its development from a developer standpoint. I will never undermine anyones craft and hard work. So this Gladiator game has great potential with some more testing and some tweaking, artwork, to keep the start of the game more engaging.Please dont quit working on it, because I will support anyone working hard, as long as they do not abandon their game and improve it. It seems you have and you won't, so you get our support.In this state its playable, but really random and unbalanced because the csv is too big for the random rolls to start the game. % set for the player but not for the bosses?Discalimer; The Review Crew's evaluations are based on paying close attention to forum response and activity, system demand, fun of the game genre, position of originality in respective genre, growth of the project in its current state at time of review, graphics as a whole for end user, presentation of the game and display, replayability, patch/tweak progress, beginner friendliness & gameplay direcction, content & depth, attention to detail on small things(polish), lag and multiplayer application if applicable, badge card availability, with a minimum 8 hours of gameplay and interaction with customer base after release. We are not affliliated with any specific brand or entity or on any payroll. All views are based on positive only feedback as we are in no position to criticise anyones craft, just current states of development and progress at the time of our participation. If we offend anyone with our content, it was not us! Our review was hacked!"
76561197976327138,Recommended,442500,21552825,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,becephalus,"A fun little game with a lot of potential.  For the price this is a load of fun, nice to see more interetsing managment games.The mechnics of shaping and outfiting your soldeirs and deciding who to send when are good.The game could use some polish on the UI and some stat/economy balancing.  Very weel worth the money, but a little too easy to figure out after a few playthroughs.  Some balancing would correc that."
76561198035347663,Recommended,442500,21553412,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Flaming Pimpslap,"Lentulus the Mighty. Went 10-0 in the arena. The people loved him. Then came that fateful 11th fight. Lentulus was brought to his knees by his opponent but knew in his heart the adoration of the crowd would save him.""The crowd was bloodthirsty and executed Lentulus""... what?My 10 glorious arena wins count for nothing? Really? There needs to be some mechanical changes made in this game.So many gladiators executed for losing just one fight. It goes both ways. I dislike that i always kill the opposing gladiators too. If more of them survived a loss then i would have more low level fights to prepare my lower level purchases. As it stands i'm being forced to either keep gladiators training for months to level up while i lose money waiting for my more established fighters to recover(missing many events and losing boatloads of money) or throw my low level fighters to the wolves only to be executed by a bloodthirsty crowd. You'd think everyone in ancient Rome was a psychopathic killer with a unquenchable thirst for blood.The fact that someone dies pretty much every time is totally outwith the realms of historical fact. About 90% of all gladiator battles ended with noone dying due to the fact the winning lanista or the games sponsor would have to cover the cost of the slain gladiator, which of course was bad business. Also not a feature in the game. Where is the compensation?Maybe a little more actual research when making a history based game and less watching of Spartacus for inspiration in the future.That being said i love this game and will probably be playing it for a long time to come. I see a lot of problems in the game but if the developer keeps improving it, then i'll keep playing it.One final nit pick. The daily cost of improvements needs a serious overhaul. The arbitrary jumps of 400/800/1200 and beyond is a bit ridiculous. I mean 1200 per day for beds? are you serious? My bed costs pretty much nothing to maintain and i've had it for years without threat of bankruptcy. I honestly didn't realise beds needed daily maintenance until i played this game. Also the cost of food should increase less by quality(It still should increase though) and more by how many are eating the food. Bigger stable, bigger food bill. What i'm saying is more thought into what these things would actually cost per day would be nice. None of the improvements in the game would have the same daily cost. Not all things are equal. Also why are these things daily costs? I doubt someone does a food shop everyday. Maybe making these things monthly would add a bit more management to the management game. Having to balance the books evey month is just more realistic.Damn. i really do like this game. Honest :)"
,Recommended,442500,21677717,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,MartyP1229,"What a great game! I can't say enough good about this little gem. Well worth the money, the devs are very active and willing to help in any way! This game can be very frustrating, rewarding, and random at times. You can lose your beloved fighter in a fight you may think you have in the bag. Excited to see what the devs can do with this brilliant game!"
76561197967236821,Recommended,442500,22316820,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Ragabonz,"Great Game, active updates. Great for casual players."
76561198023859189,Recommended,442500,22681174,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,BabbleIncognito,"A tycoon/make a princess-ish management game (GUI only).I'm a bit split down the middle on this one for casual gamers. But I will recommend it if you're into collecting GUI only games like this.Things I liked:Customizing your gladiators through training, battles exp and so forth.Customizing your character via arena win points etc.Things I didn't like:Weaponry variety didn't seem to impact anything? I couldn't tell honestly if it did or not. Why have weapon types if they have no apparent meaning, style or difference?It started to get very repetitious. (Not enough permutations or depth that mattered)Not many ways to skin a cat (very few ways to be victorious)"
76561197979445063,Recommended,442500,21557147,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,NerdsHalfLife,Awsome game ...its very difficult :P
76561198119061616,Recommended,442500,21635698,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,MrJGhost,It was fun.
,Recommended,442500,22469150,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Hermes csgolive.com,The crowd was impressed with the losers flair. 10/10 would cry again
76561198038851659,Recommended,442500,21574004,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,TryDodgingThis,"10:1 odds against a crippled gladiator, send in my best gladiator to milk him of coin and bet all my savings, my best equipped gladiator got killed by a blind unarmed man with no legs lost all my money and the loan sharks beat me to death10/10"
,Recommended,442500,21569927,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,BinaryEX4,"Game is polished thats for sure. However feels rather lacking in some areas. Would like to of seen customisation of the avatars, a better fight system for sure.  Positive from me as does not deserve a negative as its clear alot of work has gone into the game."
,Recommended,442500,21513325,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Sabaka,Really enjoying this game so far! A gladiator sim is something I've always wanted! It's a little buggy at the moment but for the most part it works well and gives a good challenge.
,Recommended,442500,21514500,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Life,"Very good game, what I would recommend is putting in live action so we can see out gladiators fight. Other than that ALL of the interface was near perfect!"
,Recommended,442500,21564233,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Astor,"Fantastic game. They dont have all the bugs out yet, but it already feels like a complete game."
,Not Recommended,442500,33881638,Posted: 29 July,all,Scout Shine,"Overpriced for what is a very basic and mundane game. When you figure it out it's easy. One song, no new backgrounds for changing cities and no real story development make this immensely forgettable.It could also be about anything instead of gladiators. Random people fighting would be more apt. There's nothing really here that's historically interesting or informative. It's just guys hitting each other based on stats. Many similar yet better options can be found elsewhere.Avoid."
,Recommended,442500,21593780,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Robear,"Age of Gladiators is not a tactical fighting game, but rather a front office gladiatorial business sim. And it's more interesting because of that. It reminds me of Qvadriga.You have to provide various levels of food, housing, weapons, armor, security and such for your stable. You hire staff (trainers, scouts, physickers, blacksmiths) and buy fighters, who you then have to train and equip with weapons they use. You also have to deal with your rivals, with random events, and all sorts of intrigue and competitive stuff. Fighters have many stats, which can be affected by training, fight experience, illness, morale, and likely other things I have not found yet.Each turn is one day of training or recovery for your fighters. Scouts turn in new reports a few times a month, and you can spend money to sponsor events, raising the chance of arranged fights for your guys (and gals) occurring (the dev is going to put female fighters in, I think). You can bet on either fighter in a match, and you can choose how much of your purse to share with your fighter. You can even free your fighters over time. And each day, you bleed money to maintain all your property and endeavors...Fights are resolved textually, on a turn-based system. You can skip to the result; you have no influence on the fight beyond the skill of your coaches. It's still nerve-wracking.And it's fun!"
76561198009903018,Recommended,442500,21912963,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Corwin86,"Surprising game: I bought it thrilled by the setting of the game, but I admit I'm really demanding with games (especially sim games, check my previous reviews if you want).It's difficult to create a good text sim, expecially for today market, but this game show that is still possible.The game have a good price/quality value.I don't usually write a summary of a game, I prefer to summarize if a game could be interesting, have bugs, is fun, and so on.So, this game is a good purchase, in my opinion: provide a good fun, it's quite bugs free and have a good campaign mode.However, it's not a perfect game, there are some small problems. The main is a annoying global managing system, it could be better.So, in the end, a good game."
76561198073357730,Not Recommended,442500,31629367,Posted: 8 May,all,capsized30,Game is fun for about 5 min. Entertainimg for maybe 30 min. Then boring and somewhat tedious.
,Recommended,442500,28722518,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Gen & Jukes,"Coached my best gladiator to a 32-1 record, executed him after his first loss and took his 900,000 gold life savings.RIP Gladus the Hyena."
,Recommended,442500,31128795,Posted: 13 April,all,Itisntallbad,"This is a glorified clicker. It isn't difficult and the grind to get to rome is far too long. It lacks variety and depth and past a certain point money and everything else becomes irrelavant. Still, for all it lacks, it was on sale for $1.50 and it was very entertaining at the start. I could see how balancing a game like this would be difficult and that probably took most of the devs time. But still the game never went anywhere like so many other simulators. If its on sale and you want to kill half a day then I say go for it. But this is not a $10 game"
76561198038857930,Recommended,442500,28738543,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Mayor McCheese,I enjoyed this. It's a bit light and repetitive but it's a good time waster. Just a little bit more depth and it would be really good. As it is it's an enjoyable time.
76561198009423381,Recommended,442500,29773910,Posted: 7 February,all,Irish Kelly,"Two Sentence Version:Do you like management games, the gladiator theme and need a casual time waster?  Buy it when on sale, otherwise hold off.Short Version:Age of Gladiators is a fun, casual time waster if you enjoy management games, are intrigued by the gladiator theme and can get it on sale.  At full price, you might feel a little bit let down if like animated presentation.  Read the features section on the store page, as it does cover the aspects of the game well, and decide from there if it seems appealing.Long Version:This is a fun, casual game to pass the time if you enjoy management games.  The game doesn't have too much of a learning curve as messages appear when a cursor is positioned over most elements in user interface.  The gladiator theme is welcomed as it provides an interesting backdrop for the game.The gameplay itself is straight forward with the initial balance of income and expenditure sometimes being a touch frustrating, but once there is a little time investment and experimentation, it comes to together well.  The office portion handles investment decisions, whether it be hiring staff members such as scouts (search for new gladiators), trainers (increase XP for each combatant), doctors (speed the recovery of sick or injured), or blacksmiths (weapon and armor bonus).The management of the gladiators is also enjoyable enough with points being earned from fighting and training which are then spent on upgrading various skills such as health, dexterity, strength, stamina, etc.  There are various portraits which can be swapped around to change the appearance of each gladiator and their names are all customizable.  Weapons and armor, which deteriorate with use, must be purchased and provided to each gladiator with their effectiveness being based on various skills and specializations, all which can be upgraded.There is also numerous perks which when earned can be spent to modify certain business aspects and the gladiators themselves.  Office related perks, for example, increase the amount of income from each fight, effect the morale of the gladiators on betting, change the recruitment baseline for future prospects and impact various other aspects of gameplay.  The gladiators can be modified to decrease the likelihood of execution after a loss, be more proficient in multiple weapons and armor, and other various traits.Perhaps the most disappointing aspect of the game is the combat screen.  Once two gladiators are pitted against each other, there is a back and forth of flashing text under each gladiators portrait with details whether a hit landed, missed, was blocked or dodged, the amount of damage caused, etc.  Once combat is completed, you can view the log from the fight which details the aforementioned information.  It would have been terrific to see descriptive language, such as where the hit landed and its effect, but instead it’s simply missed, hit, this amount of health was lost, etc.  Since there is no visualization of the actual combat, more expressive and rich blow by blow battle accounts would have been welcomed.Overall, I’d say Age of Gladiators is a solid buy if you are looking for a casual time waster or in between games.  I purchased it on sale for $1.99 and for the price, I’m very happy with my decision.  Despite the fact I enjoy the game, I would not have been as pleased if I paid $9.99, as there just isn’t enough to justify the price for me.  Sure, I’ve put about nine hours into it so far, and by the time I’m done, I’ll have spent less than a dollar for each hour of fun, but as a gamer, I’m finicky and would not have been satisfied at full price."
,Recommended,442500,28876406,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,ImHalfAwake,"Purchased this game over the winter holiday (2016) for $2.49.  I didn't think much of it, was hoping to just get a couple hours out of a sim management game.  Boy was I wrong, this game sucked me in for quite a bit with different starting options (play as merchant, doctor, ex-gladiator etc.) and hiring the right staff to recruit a group of decent fighters for your fights.  It's defnitely a fun management game, but there are parts where the game becomes a tedious grind.  You have to click through / simulate each day manually, this can be exhausting after an hour of play."
,Recommended,442500,31069374,Posted: 10 April,all,[CDN] Talamute,"As a gladiator and part of a Ludus myself, this game is loads of fun. Where it comes to keeping your recruits healthy and pushing forwards, it shows a very interesting part of being a Lanista. The frustrations that happen when you lose a good gladiator, or celebrating in their victories. For the price, it's a fun game, and one that I'll probably keep coming back to play time and time again."
76561198190688757,Recommended,442500,33432287,Posted: 10 July,all,Dukey,"I have really enjoyed my time playing Age of gladiators,i found it simple and effective in its execution.It has decent artwork and sound and you can easily grow attached to your fighters.Its a text based management sim but i wouldnt say its a deep strategy game,you recruit staff and fighters,on level up you add stats and skills and send them out to what ever the fate the gods see fit.If you dont mind text based games then this should easily see you in to 10-20 hours of gameplay"
,Recommended,442500,33876197,Posted: 29 July,all,Serbian Potato,"Solid little game to spend a few hours on, got a nice strategy feel to it. If they added a little more content to it about managing your gladiators and some visuals of the fights then it would be a pretty good game.6/10"
76561197979505422,Recommended,442500,29836741,Posted: 10 February,all,Epistemophiliac,"If you enjoy management/tycoonsih games, the gladiator theme and need a casual time waster? Buy it - abet wait for a sale vs paying $10."
76561198033100552,Recommended,442500,23205142,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Recken,I have more hours on this game than steam says.  I bought this for an international flight.I have to say this was a fun timesync game.  I wish it was more features but it is very fun to play.  I have a feeling that some things will change for the positive features and expansion.  I cant wait for future improvements  (Ie I hate selecting a high level Glad to go again a low level)   In other words its a crapshoot on what the match ups will be.
76561198023730025,Recommended,442500,22837201,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Briq,"A wonderful game with a polished interface, all of the basics of business management, and supremely suspenseful fight simulations.I can't count the number of times my wife has given me a look of astonishment after I yelp in unsuspected defeat or roar in heroic victory as my underdog gladiator lands the killing blow on a legendary and undefeated opponent.For the price of the ten dollars, I can certainly get behind this game and it's unique gameplay."
76561198010655711,Recommended,442500,24929967,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Sarc,"Interesting game, still updated often. It's like a small FM, with death as a possibility for the loser."
76561198020474979,Recommended,442500,33155378,Posted: 2 July,all,biglu,I love this game. How many games do you buy for $3 dollars that you play 60 hours on. I have played this through several times. I can probally list 5 games under $5 that have played this many hours on. Take the risk you will not lose much dollars. If you like list a comment if you do not list a comment please.
,Recommended,442500,31154215,Posted: 15 April,all,~FaZzzZZZZzY.Esportpool.com,"Cornutus ""The Silent Star"" drafted to Legion Soldier after winning 15 match w/o losing a single one of itfor 350.000 Dinar*So long my brave soldier hopefully we will se you again"
76561197988468743,Recommended,442500,22040530,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Knightsodyssey,Suprisingly fun little game. Definitly a time sink that leaves you puzzled how you thought you have been playing it for a hour and look up too see a few hours have gone by. I wish it had more customization to both you in the game and your gladiators as far as looks and design go. Would give it more of a personal feel. Maybe a troghy room and a way to mark people who have previously killed one of your gladiators for some revenge to give a bit of easy depth.But overall a nice change of pace game.
76561198003907231,Recommended,442500,21542299,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,A.T.Bomber,"Surprisingly addictive. Whilst at present there appears to not be much in the way of options the real genius is in how much you come to identify with your fighters.There is no tutorial so getting started presents a steep fiscal curve and you will likely go bankrupt the first few playthroughs but if you like the setting, proper management games and don't mind a game that presents a challenge give this a go."
,Recommended,442500,21534017,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,A Street Hobo,Shall I Begin!?
76561198207443132,Recommended,442500,21757451,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Careless Ambition,"Surprisingly deep game with a high degree of replayability for the low cost. The game is essentially a very simple gladiator manager. There are a host of features the devs could add to deepen and enhance the experience, but it's a good value for the price even as it is."
76561198007779869,Recommended,442500,22353103,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Janissary 33,Good game with loads of potential.
76561198053480129,Recommended,442500,26065084,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Skazz,"A surprise diamond in the rough for me. It's rare enough to see a game focused on the Roman Empire, but to see a game focused on managing a stable of gladiators? Yeah, I'm in. Recommended."
76561198049784917,Recommended,442500,21560258,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,YouAreWorthIt,"I will be listing my pros and cons of this game(WILL BE EDITING THIS REVIEW AS I PROGRESS PLAYING THIS GAME AS OF RIGHT NOW IT IS INCOMPLETE)With some work, I can see this game rise to the top.PROS1. Beautiful artwork, theme fits the era.2. Just enough character creation diversity to make it very interesting3. Management has a good amount of depth which makes it entertaining4. Fights are exciting in 1.0 Speed as it builds up tension, and the possibility of losing a loved fighter! AAACK!CONS1. Needs tutorial2. (BUG) When switching from full screen from the first time, the screen can possibly go blank3. In my opinion this is a con, I would like to see the whole fight stay on the screen, not an action appear and than disappear.(Question) Was it meant for a fighter to come to my stable sick on arrival, this happened at the start of the game and now I cannot proceed to do anything without the expenses building up, do I need to hire doctors before my first gladiator arrives???I don't know many owners of gladiators would accept a sickly gladiator into the ranks.Overall I recommend this game because it is pretty damn awesome(Request)GORE and a graphical representation of each fighter when they fight, I'd love to see them fight, and I'm pretty sure I'm not the only one....something along the lines of PUNCH CLUB...look up the game. .. Gladiator Punch Club? GENIUS"
76561198064226901,Not Recommended,442500,29010957,Posted: 4 January,all,saskicens,For 2.49 euro i bought and thats the max its worth. This is more a phone game thats fun for couple of minutes and thats it.
76561197977909085,Recommended,442500,21493204,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Kotoll,I love the idea and I think at $10 its worth checking out and buying. Only problem is the content. This is a fun game and challenging. But it's not a must buy
,Recommended,442500,21824532,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,⭐ 0r!GiN4L1Ty ⭐,the devs listen to you and are using the suggestions of the players to make it the best playable experience as possible also the way it is now dosnt mean it will stay the same because the updates plan to add new features and balancing so the show man start may not be as op as it already is...
,Recommended,442500,25900896,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,weeamood,"WARNING! True story ahead.Breed a monster gladiator that will smash the competitors in an unprecedented streak. Bathe in gold from all the side bets you've won thanks to him. Build yourself up in the eyes of the spectators as a legendary lanista. Gain tons of fame and respect from senators and citizens alike.Then watch your champion die horribly in what seemed to be just another fight in the arena from a crushed windpipe. And as he lies there gasping for air while his skin slowly starts to lose color, you'll realise that you've only just started the second city, and your dreams are already crushed just like the windpipe of the gladiator, that lies in the center of the arena, while the crowd, that previously idolized him, cheers for the winner. The winner gets all. You get nothing.Crushed windpipe out of 10"
76561198010494306,Recommended,442500,21587739,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,buffaloraven,"Wow, just wow!I picked this game up looking for a little time sink in between jobs at work.  Man, was I most pleasantly mistaken!  The game is oddly compelling and I found myself creating backstories for my characters, really hating a paticular enemy that killed three of my gladiatiors, and very interested in mucking about with the numbers that make the game work.It's suuuper early days for this, but once we get lions/tigers/bears/ohmy! (next update!) and team fights, this will very much hit the spot.It's kinda like the old Gladiator game from Avalon Hill, if you made the stable part much more interesting and the actual gladiating much quicker.I love it!"
76561198077176812,Recommended,442500,21895957,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,The 420th Gunslinger,Fun game!
76561197985133684,Not Recommended,442500,21650908,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Repete,"Age of Gladiators is a basic managment game. If you have played a sports simulation then you will recognize the few elements this game has to offer, Scouts, hidden stats, gold managment. There is no graphical viewer for the actual gladiator bouts. I can't recomend this game as the act of learning the interface is more fun than actually playing the game. Oh and it'ss take you 30 minutes to learn the interface.2 outa 5"
,Recommended,442500,21555720,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Luis,"4 trainers to improve a single gladiator's experience gain by 25% - makes sense.gladiator loses morale if I don't share 40% of the earnings with him (5-10 times what he cost) - makes sense.white font on semi-transparent, light-gray tooltip backgrounds - makes sense.recommending this game - makes sense!"
76561198009891613,Not Recommended,442500,28709026,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Mediocrity,"It would be a fun little game if it was not for the clunky user interface. While the UI does provide good tooltips and it is easy to understand what is goin on, it feels soo much like a chore to manage your gladiators. The game also has a fixed resolution which clearly means that the developers had some issues iterating on the UI.With some work this game could have been reccomendable."
,Recommended,442500,21483421,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,EXAK,can we have a french patch?
76561198063916094,Recommended,442500,21496698,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,greebo0026,OK GAMES FUN BUT DONT THINK THIS IS ANYHTINGITS NOT . its hard to keep gladaitors haapy they loose moraleach day they dont fight no matter what i did game gets boringg real fast no difrent fighting types no real motavation to contine i felt had so mutch potentail buuuuuut still buy it ull find a few hours disapear and ul not feel terrible bad about it even when your fave gladaitor dies
,Recommended,442500,21665648,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Meh,Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ looking forward to seeing the game progress and have more stuff added to it like animal fights and so on.Would execute weak gladiators again/10
76561198031832483,Recommended,442500,24215577,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Duncan,"This is the first and only team management game I have tried. I was originally going to give this a thumbs down as a repetetive and grindy game. But after having stuck with it a bit, and now have to do some good management, I am quite enjoying it."
,Recommended,442500,21491386,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,High Priest of Bad Rats,Very addicting. The first management game that I actually enjoy. Game is great and has plenty of content.
76561198030058800,Recommended,442500,21824007,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Kupas,"Its a great game, but after one event success with %50 chance, i had a strong army, and after reaching the second city, it was just, go kill that go criple that, planning reached zero. They should balance more and make the game a little harder, or at least add that option to slow the snowball effect. Only when i reached rome i found fights that the bets were not 5:1 or 11:1. Still i just slaughtered everyone with 2 man. They should inrease the penalty for fatigue."
,Recommended,442500,21628857,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Yokay,"It's a pretty fun game, but it does get fairly repetitive pretty quickly. I felt like I had pretty much seen all there is to see. Sure, there is more progression to be done, but fundamentally it doesn't change from level 1.That being said, if I would definitely recommend it on sale."
,Recommended,442500,25695994,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,PLAYER_NAME,Incredible game about gladiators. Its really fun and a real challenge. 100% recommend.
76561197970143059,Not Recommended,442500,33388633,Posted: 8 July,all,Comrade_Zer0,"At first glance this game looks to have all the components needed to be an engaging, fun, simulation. Unfortunately, once you actually start playing it the facade collapses and the tedious underlying mechanics are laid bare."
,Not Recommended,442500,23797274,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Casual Dad,"Great idea, okay-at-best execution. This game isn't going to sweep you off your feet. It gets very repetitive just a few hours in."
76561198031694164,Not Recommended,442500,30115851,Posted: 23 February,all,Silliarde,"Cool concept, nothing more than click to end turn,fight,skip and again and again. I mean after making your gladiators level 40. I had 5 and easily cleaned all 3 cities. Wont play the last one;Rome. Because my hand couldnt take it longer."
76561198118977032,Recommended,442500,34824351,Posted: 8 September,all,richard.rayner,"I recomeded this game because it's fun to play, but I suggest you read any guides you can before starting as there are so many stats that can be affected by so many events that surviving the 1st month can be extremely difficult.one thing tho' dont be afraid of saving OFTEN because on paper it may look as if your fighter will become mincemeat, but if you choose the right fighting style you can win. Experiment.There is a great deal to monitor on each and every gladiator you own; from what you feed him to what he sleeps on, the kind of trainer you use and the skill of your doctor; their tiredness/injuries, condition of weapons and armour so you need good Blacksmiths and so, even to the point of customizing each and every gladiators strengths & weaknessesThe fight screen is rather boring to watch, so I just skip that & go to the result of the fight."
76561198066587104,Recommended,442500,34923959,Posted: 13 September,all,Maximus8311,"Played many more hours offline. Fun and simple game , but don't expect to play it over and over again. As soon as you figure out the winning strategy, that's it! You will reach the top, feel good about it, you'll uninstall the game and then you will never touch it again...Do I recommend it?If you are a fan of gladiator games or Rome, then yes! It is worth the 10 euros/bucks...If you get it on sale, absolutely, give it a shot!Otherwise..."
,Recommended,442500,28699758,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Logicbomb,It's a fun management game that has a long tedious grind once you get it figured out.  Totally worth $5 or less if you enjoyed this type of game. However it has little replay appeal.
,Recommended,442500,21945058,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,razgon,"Awesome - Like football manager, only interesting!"
76561198067959949,Recommended,442500,21737141,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,bulbatrs,"It's a fun spreadsheet game. I would love to see more content released for the game, but it's already a lot of fun as it is,"
76561198040061182,Recommended,442500,21486779,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Smaug The Mean,Are You Not Entertained?
,Recommended,442500,21622973,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,The One True Morty,"Lol.Is there anyone else around here that is old enough to have played Drug Lord 2?This is exactly like that but with Gladiators and set in ancient Rome.I wish I never played Drug Lord 2. Then maybe this wouldve been more enticing.Hmm. . .Pros:-Accurate simulation gameCons:-Mostly text based-Steep learning curve if not familiar with the mechanics beforehand-No name retain option. I dont want to be called ♥♥♥♥in Strabo-Not a lot of portraits for you-TOO expensive. For a little more you could own other games with MORE content.Still tho, well made game.6/10DEVS PLEASE KEEP MAKIN IT BETTER PLZ TY"
76561198125817263,Recommended,442500,21800958,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,we out here,pretty lit dude
76561198067962007,Recommended,442500,21736277,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,RedPresto,"Recruited Maximus Decimus Meridius ""Spainiard"" by complete luck.He is an unstoppable force of murder and is currently 60-0 in the Arena.10/10 Would buy Russel Crowe and win everything again"
76561198151921166,Not Recommended,442500,33297766,Posted: 5 July,all,alex.vigano,"9.99 is a heavy pricetag for this game,I've played for about 40h and enjoyed it, but I don't recomend it because it's just too basic, with this I mean that you'll understand the mechanics of the game straight away and it will be the same and repetitive."
76561198022418529,Recommended,442500,21860604,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,paynetcu,
,Recommended,442500,23510827,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Julian Sark,"Forgot to give my guy a weapon.He almost made it.10/10, would send low int dude into arena bare handely again."
,Recommended,442500,25237985,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Liquid_Ocelot,"Frustrating, challenging, but... Cant. Stop. Playing. Love these type of management games!"
,Recommended,442500,35035073,Posted: 17 September,all,Snagle,I've never had so much fun looking at numbers and doing math in all my life. I truly adore this game to death and played so many hours on a erm.. less than legal copy before buying this wonderful game.P.S. its much more challenging when you play on the hardest difficulty settings
76561198030963601,Recommended,442500,32001770,Posted: 27 May,all,mayapl,"Very nice and original simulation game, I personally would like to see more such games on Steam. A game doesn't need to be all latest graphics and VR in order to be entertaining. Big thank you to the developers for adding female gladiators and keeping the game updated. Based on game time and replayability, it definately deserves its full price in my view."
,Recommended,442500,31153892,Posted: 15 April,all,NICOLAS JAMES DONALDSON,"Fantastic game, good time killer for the price."
,Recommended,442500,30396587,Posted: 8 March,all,Boba Fetty Wap,"Fantastic game, very fun and inexpensive. I think I found this on sale for $2 or something. Reminds me of the Spartacus game they had on Facebook after the first season came out. A bit of a learning curve but you should be able to figure almost everything out in a couple hours or three. Great replayability! The only con is it can get repetetive towards the end, when your gladiators are all gods among men. Definitely recommend to anyone who likes manager type game!"
,Recommended,442500,30286105,Posted: 2 March,all,"Yoonz ""Rick Sanchez""","This information is to convey my gaming experience and why it is relevant to taking me seriously:I have over 150 games between two accounts.My three favorite games are CS:GO, Dota 2, and Ark:SE & Ark:SOTF.I have nearly 2k hours in all three of those games.I have bought and been burned well more than my fair share of times on EA games. Oh and Electronic Arts Games too.  (Fook You Recent decade of Madden/NBA and the death of NCAA College Hoops game)I love all sorts of games and love to hear the stories of how developers bring their dreams to fruition.Age of Gladiators is hands down one of the most well put together dreams I have had the privledge to experience.Here is why:1.  AoG hits a genre that has never been tried in mainstream gaming (Lanista/Gladiator combat simulator).2. AoG somehow made a text based simulator that keeps even a graphics ♥♥♥♥♥ like myself playing for 3-6 hours.3.  This game came out ready to play! But the continued development and dedication to meaningul updates have made some great additional improvements and features to the game.If you are looking for a technical simulation game with a little flair, AoG is the game to play."
76561198007973369,Recommended,442500,30369286,Posted: 7 March,all,SPQR,"~ 'It's rare to see a game this simple this well done' ~Age of Gladiators is a simple stats, attributes and management game set in imaginary gladitorial arenas.This is a text-with-pictures game - nothing fancy or modern like animations - there aren't even any flashing images, and your reflexes will never be tested.However...I have some experience desiging, creating and playtesting this kind of game and it's very difficult to get it dead right. Which is exactly what this game does. The scope is narrow, the range of actions available small; but the challenge is great. It has a short, but very steep, leaning curve that is very rewarding to master, and the gameplay is well balanced. You will go bankrupt. Plenty of times.It's rare to see a game this simple this well done. It's bug free. It has a tiny footprint, it's easy on the eye and it's entertaining."
76561198125279892,Recommended,442500,29761669,Posted: 7 February,all,Blank,"Doesn't make sence at first, but once you find out that going to the mail teaches you how to play, it's really fun."
,Recommended,442500,28807565,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,terrychizmar,"nice  management  game for the price. takes a few starts to get the concept , but afterwards  you'll be unstoppable ."
76561197997678124,Not Recommended,442500,21709165,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,fragkitten,"I really wanted to like this game, but this is just going to have to go into the 'not for me'. category due to how broken it is.I have a  beastly machine so I was really surprised at how many bugs and errors I was encountering. The game cannot be run in full screen mode without turning into a black screen and needing to be restarted.The interface is a little confusing until you get the hang of it. Once you start understanding the nuances, it becomes semi-fluid and easier to get things accomplished.My biggest problem (aside from the constant graphical bugs) was getting paid. It didn't matter if I won a fight or a wager on a fight, my money would only go down. I would bet $15,000 on a fight, win the fight and the money would just disappear. I couldn't train, or afford my team anymore.I have no idea if my game was just bugged, but even when I started a new game it was the same. I would go to the fights, win, and go bankrupt. My team maintenance was only $500 but I was winning $10,000 purses! Still no money going into my pocket!Hopefully they patch this a few more times because this seems like this could be a really fun game but as it stands, this is definitely not for me."
76561198326264850,Not Recommended,442500,31171210,Posted: 15 April,all,Jin_Maq,"I had high hopes for this game, but the lack of any combat visuals was a huge dissapointment. Fighting is a series of very fast and almost unreadable text messages with a few clashing metal sound effects. I feel even a very basic pixel image of the fight would have been enough to satisfy, and considering the main purpose of the arena, and of gladiators, was so that people could WATCH a fight and be entertained. This made no sense to me at all.For those that enjoy a text based management sim with no visuals, then this game might satisfy, but i feel that customer base would be such a low number, so im giving this a thumbs down. No fighting visuals, no tutorial, unreadable text. I purchased this game on special for $2 .... and im asking for a refund, it really is that bad."
76561197982019383,Not Recommended,442500,31226687,Posted: 18 April,all,Nekron99,So glad i bought this Steaming Pile of Turd Game for $1.50... I expected a Manage type game but this game is really nothing more then a 20 year old program and no imagination.. I can't believe the Good reviews this game got either...There is no Tutorial and getting into the game is boring...All you do is buy things and listen to men GRUNT while the Sim goes through its battle and hope your guy wins.. There is absolutely nothing to look at..These cheap Devs(if you can call them that) couldn't even be bothered to throw some random cutscenes or a few battle matches for you to watch while your fighter fights...Just grunts and slash sounds while the computer decides who hit and who missed ... IT IS SAD....with what computers can do now....i see this game..and can't believe these Head JOBS wanted $10.00(before Sale) for a program that was written 20 years ago and i remember having more fun playing a word adventure on my Atari 800 about Gladiators and watching the random pixeled you win or you lost scenes..then playing this Junk.....If you haven't bought it yet..Don't it really sucks..
76561198045574216,Recommended,442500,22638147,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,The Wiseman,"Great game,"
76561198038943797,Not Recommended,442500,29775583,Posted: 7 February,all,aultridia,"While not terrible, the game is not that good either. Combat is incredibly simple, and once you figure out the basic systems the game becomes very easy and repetitive."
,Recommended,442500,31221688,Posted: 18 April,all,broom,It's litNeeds a tutorial tho.
76561198018450067,Not Recommended,442500,24837325,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,cipekci,"""Lacks depth"" probably sums it up. Different weapons and armor have no effect on characters - Your gladiator in a plate mail can be more agile than an unarmored one.The only real challenge is to manage money in early game."
76561198011609276,Recommended,442500,25573127,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Redzone50,Great stragey and management game.
76561197972076777,Not Recommended,442500,32550907,Posted: 18 June,all,Jellycrusher,"Everything in this game seems extremely basic. It does not even have a proper full screen mode or volume adjustment! The graphics is not fit for standard full HD resolution, the game has only one music theme, no animations, no depictions of the arenas and player facilities, just text and some simple graphical elements of the interface. It's a pity, because the idea of managing a gladiator team in the times of Ancient Rome seems very interesting, I would love to play a proper simulation of such a setting. Unfortunately this game is not doing it well, in spite of the apparent initial abundance of elements. Perhaps it has some depth, but it's too deep for me."
,Not Recommended,442500,32333527,Posted: 10 June,all,Der Kaiser,"i bought it thinking that i would like this game, but sadly no.This is a game that isPurelybased on stats and luck when in combat. But at the start, it is far to complicated for new players. But for those who like the simulation, managment style of game it is for you. Also while it says RPG on it, isnt real big the wholeLeveling Up, you ""Train"" your Gladiators to level them up and to increase their stats and for strategy its just who has the better stats, gear and can take a bigger beating.so Personally i wouldnt recommend it buying full price just wait for a sale.for the record i returned it becuase i did not like the gameat all."
76561198066497801,Not Recommended,442500,25849893,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Artemitch,"Lacks deptht, very repetetive after a while. Can kill everybody at the end with bare hands. Combat system is awful. I finished it only after 7 hours. Don't have all achievements, but another hour of play and would have them too. If combat system is different and the game have more depth then it will be great, but now I don't recommend it to buy."
76561198083484031,Not Recommended,442500,25100576,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,chazz0715,Needs alot more content to be good. Can't in good faith recommend yet.
,Recommended,442500,30532307,Posted: 15 March,all,Redrusty66,"Simple in concept but actually pretty addictive. You'll feel the need to keep pushing your gladiators until they break.I think it could stand to see a few more features added it, but off to a good start. needs more portraits and fleshing out for immersion's sake. Worth though as there are very few games like this. Hopefully it will keep being expanded on as dev is still active."
76561197960447654,Not Recommended,442500,21513717,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Duke Hyou,"good game but doesn't make any sensego ahead and raise some 15-18 yrs old put their stat into INT so you can raise thier level quickin a few months, you will go bankrupt due to thier highly insane salariesnever knew maintaining 1 or 2 newbies and 4 trainers would cost you arms and legsjust pay 8-9k insanely good recruit and you are good to gowhat's the point of trainers, doctors, blacksmiths?"
,Not Recommended,442500,33844794,Posted: 27 July,all,Corrosion,Weak.
,Not Recommended,442500,22316090,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,[TechRaptor] Coboney,"I found the game released depth and was relatively simplistic with not much going on there beyond the theme to stand out as the game play was basically boring spreadsheets with not much else going on. It's simple to figureo ut what's going on generally, the combat parts are overly simplified and the storytelling is light at most."
76561198030314539,Not Recommended,442500,22688884,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,gfrrogers.112434,"A very shallow game masquerading behind difficulty to give the illusion of depth.It's extremely enjoyable as finger crack but that's about it.  All of the games interesting mechanics revolve around the fact that you are constantly forced to obtain money in order to sustain your Gladiator empire and the game is at its best during the establishing period where you have to wrangle your way to survival by killing off old Gladiators to steal their savings or betting against a sacrificial lamb you've sent to the slaughter.  But from there on out it's all down hill.  The more stuff you get the more meaningless everything becomes.  After a while I couldn't be bothered to even upgrade all of my Gladiators because it had become so tedious to do so.How best to sum up the superficial nature of the game?All Gladiators have an age.  And the game tells you if their age puts them as developing, in their prime or declining.Great.  I'll buy some old guys to keep me afloat and some young guys to develop for the future.Don't bother.  It doesn't mean anything.  A complete play through of the game is not likely to cover more than 2 in game years.  And as far as I could tell the age had zero impact on the development of fighters.I signed a 17 year old to begin with and aged 18 with 39 fights under his belt he wanted to retire.  Meanwhile the 34 year old I signed was still there at 36 and had leveled up exactly the same without losing stats.  And there's not enough customisation of stats, fighting style and stratergy to really feel like you ""own"" any of the gladiators or that they have any degree of personality.The grind is a problem too.  You fight all the time.  You have to in order to keep the money coming in.  Each turn is a day in game time so you're literally moving through the game at a snails pace, clicking into a fight every couple of days and hoping the random numbers come up in your favour.If you like management finger crack, which I do, you'll enjoy this, which I did.  But I won't ever turn it on again.  So read into that what you will."
,Not Recommended,442500,21474324,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,darkmunkee,"This is less a Gladiator management sim than it is a masochistic exercise in time wasting. The only way this game could be even more irritating was if it had in game purchases and repeatedly kicked you in the teeth.However, the game does have potential, it's a great idea and it looks very well polished. The game needs to rebalanced and rely less on luck. If the developers can do that then it would be worth buying but as it stands it's currently a pointless purchase."
76561198039241076,Not Recommended,442500,22243709,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Krul więzienia,It feels and plays like browser game. I don't know why I should pay for this.
76561198012160186,Not Recommended,442500,25018621,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Dr. Rockso,"If you watched the trailer, then you've literally seen everything the game has to offer -- and you'll see those same frames repeated over-and-over again a thousand times in one massive, boring grind.While this game had great premise, the final product has zero depth or variety.  It's not hard to figure out the ""unbeatable"" recipe, and if done right from the start of your game, you will literally be in god-mode, with only one gladiator.  One gladiator with a 0-389 record and hours of your life sucked away on the most boring, graphically-lacking game ever."
76561198078879522,Recommended,442500,21472794,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Dirty Deagle,"Exactly what I wanted, awesome job. Gladiator Mananger, hopefully a more advanced sequel in the future ;)."
,Not Recommended,442500,23224260,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,KillerCLbee,What you see is what you get. It really isn't much to this game more than the random element that makes suspense. It's not really a game where you spend time polishing your gladiator and/or tune your tactics... It only looks like it. It's only random chances with stats. I can get that in a web browser game and it would probably have more depth...This would be a good game for a phone. But to be honest i would probably delete it from my phone after some hours.Some people might find this enjoyable but i really didn't.
,Not Recommended,442500,23543509,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Tuanta,Too simple
76561198000577015,Recommended,442500,23851436,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,BadCow,Fun game!
,Not Recommended,442500,21569048,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Big Funk,Tickling my asshair is more fun
76561198256563596,Not Recommended,442500,34641444,Posted: 31 August,all,mikebensen16,this game was absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and I regret buying it
76561198059064981,Not Recommended,442500,26600678,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Ivar,"It doesn't even start the game, must be the latest updates, hopefully it will be fixed."
76561197970078168,Not Recommended,442500,26751710,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,hermetico,"Hard managment simulation game. I should be a really bad manager.Anyway, even that the idea seems interesting, I went bored really soon, specially because of the high difficulty level.There are really few things to do and, you run out of money really fast.I've beated two of the other two groups of gladiators but, ran out of money and had no oportunity to grow further.I cannot recommended it. Just for people that loves manager simulations to dead (by gladius).The excesive hardness robs goes against playability."
76561198038866295,Not Recommended,442500,24196672,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Brulis [Qc],"10$ for a game that look like a free flash game.... Go for the flash game, those are more fun.The idea of the game was really good, I was hoping for a game like that since I played some gladiator flash game 10 years ago... But the result for this game is clearly too boring.- Almost no customisation for gladiator: 1 armor and 1 weapon- Fight = text only, Even some flash game was offering some animation 10 years ago- Management is totaly basic: hire, fire, execute- Training: only pass the turn, they gain random exp... no fight between your gladiatorThere was no fun to have in this text game. So I asked for a refound..."
76561198117659386,Recommended,442500,21470034,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,AVeryHappyHug,My♥♥♥♥♥♥Rages on!My♥♥♥♥♥♥Rages on!Awesome Game
76561198154210868,Recommended,442500,30582996,Posted: 17 March,all,konnorcornelius,i like is fun me totaly not three
,Not Recommended,442500,24116000,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,■́͢͠͞͏■͏̶̛͟■͢͠,No
76561197969373278,Not Recommended,442500,25497942,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Beanjaman,Not fun.
76561198052884890,Recommended,442500,21852921,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,happy,"this game will not change your life.yet it's well made and fun as hell.it's typically a 10 euro game you end up playing for 100hrs.recommended for people who like permadeath and a bit of management.it's like a football manager for non football fans where prices have a reason to be high.it could use some extra portraits, but they are planned so...10/10, for a 10 euro game, you can't really expect more."
,Recommended,442500,28660682,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,dumonte,Finished the game in 15 hours of play time... the beginning can be a bit tough to make it by... once you are able to get to the next city where purses are bigger it kind of becomes a mindless slough until the end game... over the initial hump there does not seem to be a very challenging dynamic... but good for a bit of mindless fun... and got it for under $3
,Recommended,442500,31941632,Posted: 24 May,all,TweetyTheBird,"The game has the potential to become a nice gladiator simulator.Basicly you manage gladiators who win or die on the arena and bring you gold and glory. The gladiators have skills and attributes which can be improved as they gain experience. Upgrading the ludus and improving your staff also have various effects on your success.Overall, I would recommend getting it on sale as I think that currently the game is undeveloped which makes it repetitive and the asking price is a bit too high for what we get - all skill/bonus systems are a bit flat and uninteresting; combat is purely text based and also not very interesting; also I am not quite sure about this but I think that there are no bonuses for dressing a gladiator with a complete matching set e.g. murmillo style"
76561198088674463,Not Recommended,442500,30169932,Posted: 25 February,all,Snickers76,There should be many more options for the gladiators as far as weapons and skills. The game is a rinse and repeat type: you do the same thing over and over...and over and over again.In its current state I can recommend it for $9 but it's worth $4.50
,Recommended,442500,30137268,Posted: 24 February,all,Brandon,"A very fun sports management type game based around gladiators, especially if you can get this on sale!."
76561198008976641,Recommended,442500,29254286,Posted: 14 January,all,ChainedViolence,"If you like football manager and that sort of simulation games this is perfect for you.You got the same machanics as in the other games, but in thisone you have a twist instead of just losing a player to transfer or injury he or she actually gets killed of permantly injured!You can also buy and sell your gladiators as in the other games.This game is great in all aspects dealing a heavy amount of fun and enjoyment."
,Recommended,442500,29431368,Posted: 22 January,all,ChrisBalderst0n,"I didn't realize I wanted this game until I saw it, and I didn't know how much I'd enjoy it until I played it. I now realize that I wanted a Gladiator managing game akin to fantasy football. I'd reccomend Age of Gladiators if you're looking for this type of game."
,Recommended,442500,30022069,Posted: 18 February,all,Septike,"Age of gladiators is a kind of spreadsheet game with some images.This is very well for me, because sometimes I just want to manage things and not bother with tactical positioning on a map, even turn-based.So, here you manage your ""stable"" of gladiators:- Hire Scouts, Trainers, Medics and Smiths and level them up to level 25. Each has 2 skills and only one of them can be improved per level.- When you have scouts, hire gladiators, and have them fight in the arena. Each day, there is only one fight. If it is an Exhibtion Day, one of your gladiators may fight against a beast (from wolf to lion). This gives poor money and there are no bets but is an easy way to get experience. Otherwise, there is a fight which will have an attendance ranging from Low to Massive. And you will choose which gladiators fights, against which of the 3 opposing teams in the city (there are 4 cities, the last being Rome). You can then bet on him/her or aginst him/her.- you can improve your stables to get better morale or more room for gladiators.- you also must buy weapons and armor, and can get loans at the Market- at the office you get mail, can view the opposing teams, sell your gladiators, view rankings and Hall of Fame, etc...So, this is a game where your imagination works from numbers: the images are few and pointless (often many of your gladiators have the same display).The management part of the game is great.However some parts could be improved:First of all, the player should be able to take notes. As your gladiators feel all the same, it is hard to remember what development you had in mind for the 15th or even the 6th. And as you can order them by level, match record or characteristic, they often change places. Which leads to confusion and I tend to have a similar development plan for all of them.Second, you will soon equip all of them with plate armor: I feel the mitigation it brings is higlhy important. But their proficiency does not depend on Strength or Agility: it is a perk. I feel it imperative to get that perk. Which means there's only 1 kind of gladiator in the arena.Third, which is bound to 2nd, there's no real difference between weapons: all can be good or bad, according to RNG. And there's no shield or net. Again, it is a perk that gives your gladiators some proficiency in weapons, 1 at start and later you can choose another one. Again this means there will be no real difference between them.As there's no shield or net, there's no point in planning a retiarius ""light"" agile guy with trident and net, a ""medium"" gladiator with gladius and round shield, etc... It just does not exist.BTW, I did not yet get to Rome, having started out 1st time as a Merchant (like the only guide says), and trying now as an Ex-scout. And then I'll try the Medic way.While this game can look and be boring to some, I am victim of the ""one more turn"" syndrome, which is why I recommend it :)"
76561197972462277,Not Recommended,442500,29955292,Posted: 15 February,all,chriskessel,"I think I'm approaching victory in the first town, but I can't bring myself to keep going. The game does well on what it has, but it just doesn't have much to it. You get 1 fight per turn, either an exhibition (cheap XP) or a tournament. You pick 1 of 3 fighter approaches and click ""go"" and that's it.You can hire new fighters, staff, equipment and such which is mostly just scanning the potential hires when the markets turn over and buy better folks.  The real challenge to the game is mostly money management, which is easy to screw up at first, but once you've got an idea of your steady state income it's fairly straightforward.Gladiator customization is good and fighters can definitely tilt things to favor their stats. On the down side, some stats matter way, way more than others.I'm hard pressed to say there's anything wrong with the game, there just isn't enough game to recommend it. If you can pick it up on sale, it's certainly worth a shot since if the core mechanic tickles your fancy then it's a bargain for you."
76561198073508946,Recommended,442500,31306057,Posted: 22 April,all,Darconious,"Really liked it. It's a stats and save / load game. 2 Playthroughs. You get a turning point, once you find the stats that is important. And only go with those who win matches."
76561198124574839,Recommended,442500,31310971,Posted: 22 April,all,Lord Belgarath,"A resource management gamer themed as gladiators.  If you want to have that feel of having decisions over the life and death of a slave, this game gives you that opportunity.  I found this to be a time water over something that would provide cognitive satisfaction.  Good enough for the cost of the game, fun enough to while away 15 to 20 minutes.  Restarting this game all over doesn't leave one feeling frustrated, in fact, its the first 5 minutes I enjoy more than the rest of the game."
76561198149173660,Recommended,442500,31258296,Posted: 20 April,all,Edward H. (҂`_´),Its a good game for people with lesser time. To me its worth the buy for a few enjoable hours
76561197968928855,Recommended,442500,32677317,Posted: 23 June,all,Atomiczam,Easy to abuse the mechanics and make yourself absurdly rich but simple fun time killer for the price.
76561198029443496,Recommended,442500,22514085,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Jsn,Love it.
76561198031672164,Recommended,442500,33097973,Posted: 1 July,all,norker77,"There are no a lot of Gladiator managgement games out there. Luckily this one is quiet good.You manage up to 25 gladiators and progress through the game by killing (defeating doesn't necessarily guarantee death) all the gladiators of the opposing bosses. All the while managing staff (trainers, scouts, medics and smiths) and dealing with the occasional random event.The stat and gladiator perk system is extremely transparent, you know what each thing does and how it influences the combat abilities of your gladiators. Depending on how a fight went a gladiator may get fatigued (short stat debuff) injured (longer concurrent stat debuff) or both. They may also get sick.You have no influence on the battles (except for telling the gladiator to be aggressive or defensive and the option to try to spare the other gladiators life) and the resolution is a blow by blow text which isn't particularily intresting and can be skipped without negative effect. Main focus of the game is the management part after all.You yourself start out with a choice of backgrounds and get perks as well, ranging from higher fight purses to less weapon decay.I found the game very enjoyable and it has hit my sweetspot (YMMV) and I'm certainly looking forward to the next installment.There are a few cons though, that I feel I should mention. They do not detract from my enjoyment of the game or at least not that much.-There are only 1 vs. 1 matches-The first five perks for your gladiators are basicly mandatory (Fast Learner 1 through 5) as not taking them severely limits their potential-The AI builds their gladiators sub-optimal, which is mitigated by them usually having an advantage in numbers and level on you"
