user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198381853704,Not Recommended,442660,34315678,Posted: 17 August,all,drgreg88,"video of about the first hour of gameplay:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9CnCpdYupJUI really struggle with whether to recommend this game or not.  I have played the alpha and thought it looked pretty but the combat was weak.   I was hoping that was just the alpha but it has not improved at all in the EA release at least.  The sword play feels like a waggler with no haptics for feed back and very weak sounds so it just doesn't really feel like you are doing anything but swinging you arms around.  The sound needs soooo much work.  At one point you walk by a window and I'm pretty sure there is a guy standing out there making pigeon noises.  I mean I was really enjoying the visuals at least and then the bird man made me lose my♥♥♥♥♥♥  When the monk is trying to instruct you in the tutorial I think they want him to sound like he is echoing but it sounds like he is talking into a coffee can.  If the devs want to make this game a AAA game they are going to have to do some serious sound work.   the spells look pretty cool  sometimes a bit flat with the fire spells.  The sword seems really small in my hands.. oh and the hands.. WTF?  they look like you have some kind of Auto immune Arthritis and they don't sit  right with the controllers,. or move at all, and when you barely rotate your hands ,. the model hands are pointing back at you while the end of your gaunlets are facing straight out in front of you..  so weird looking.  kinda kills immersion.  The touch to move has been added which is very nice, . but I don't know if developers ever sit down and read negative reviews on other games but,.. no body likes they movement coupled to the HMD!  I have never heard someone say, ""Oh thank goodness this is a game where I move where I look!""   Another thing that would make this title better is being able to at least tap objects I can't pick up and maybe hear my sword ping?  instead of the swoard just going through everything.   These are things that make this game look very amatureish with very pretty graphics.  and they are very pretty!  At least work on the sound and the combat!  I can almost deal with the other things but weak combat in a game like this is a game killer.   I understand that this is a small independent studio and these guys have a lot of talent but need to bring in some more.  After playing  Mage's Tale this just doesn't even come close.   As of now The Soul Keeper is pretty wrapping on an empty box.   I am keeping it though so the devs have more money and I am very interested to see where it goes.   So saying all that I can't recommend this game if you are looking for a polished fleshed out RPG adventure in the state it is now.  Seriously Mages Tale should fill that void for you for at least 10 hours.  If you have the money and want to help this team move forward and support some very promising young VR pioneres then please do!"
76561198018567984,Recommended,442660,34267973,Posted: 15 August,all,MagiJedi,"Post-Patch Edit:Let me start by saying that I maintain this as a recommended game. While the launch was a little rough, the improvements they've made in less than a month is impressive for an early access game - let alone one as beautifully done as this one.I've been unable to progress very far lately (thanks to hurricane Irma), but plan on trying to finish the game in the next week or so. Once I'm done, I will update the review with my final thoughts.I did manage another hour of play last night and can confirm that the performance is SIGNIFICANTLY better. The locomotion improvements also helped tremendously. However, three hours in I still haven't gotten any new/different spells, and the casting system is a bit lacking (I recommend that all developers working on games with spell casting check out Mage's Tale for ideas on how to make a spellcaster feel empowered).Despite my indifference to the casting mechanics, the staff magic is pretty fun and when you combine both with multiple enemies, it results in some very fun, challenging gameplay.If you're looking for a taste of what AAA games will be like as the market matures, this is definitely one to check out.Original Review:I'm posting an early review to help people on the fence. Despite issues below, I'm marking as recommended as I have no doubt the issues I mention will be resolved in short order.Glaring Issues:Press to move locomotion based on HMD direction. Devs already stated on discord they will be implementing touch to move. Wasn't clear if they were going to also implement controller direction (AKA Onward) locomotion. Supports teleport via off-hand grips.At release it's very buggy and performance is really bad (6600k @4.5 with a 1080 I get 100% reprojection - similar reports on discord from people with 1080ti). Devs are on discord and actively engaging with the community. I can't review the content past the tutorial section due to a bug I've encountered.Pro's:Beautiful gameInteresting starter spells (hope we get more)Acceptable voice acting so far"
,Not Recommended,442660,34297076,Posted: 16 August,all,oneterribleidea,"I want, so much, to love this game.It has a lot of work cut out for it, and to be perfectly honest I'd rather have waited several more months to have more content and more importantly, a smooth experience.Lots of things in common with other people's issues with it, but I'll go over my current main ones:Cons:1.) Most significant issue: I am getting almost a screen tearing from side-to-side when I move my head back and forth, to any degree beyond a slow crawl.It's not in the movement of the character at all, it's when I move my HMD back and forth. I've tried both locomotion settings, and actually prefer the smooth option. It's way beyond artifacting and more of a quick screen tearing. I would imagine adding some control over user graphics options will aid this, and look forward to it in the future.2.) Voicing is mostly inaudible.I do not believe there to be any option for subtitling currently, which would at -least- allow me to follow along with the story. As it is right now, I don't quite understand why I'm doing what I'm doing. Also: THE PIGEON!!! The pigeon is fantastic! It is someone best impersonation of a pigeon, lol! I loved it, in a comic way.3.) Proportion and location to the character's hands.They are too large, inflexible, and oddly angled. It breaks immesion quite significantly. I find myself trying to hold my hands much lower than normal just to hide them from most of the view.4.) A general and cheer lack of graphics options.I think availability of options would help for a LOT of people having issues. I know for other games I have been able to max everything out and have no issues - but in this case I wonder if lowering some setting would actually be beneficial to gameplay? Particularly with my problem #1 being a major as it is - at the moment it is preventing me from being ABLE to enjoy the game experience.5.) Pricing.Honestly steep for being released in this stage. I would rather have waited several months for fleshed out content and experience and paid the $39.99 you're asking, or have gotten into it now for closer to $24.99 as an early adopter with hopes of future finish work. As it stands right now, I'll probably be refunding until more content comes out, or it'a pricing reflects it's state more accurately.6.) I have not encountered the ""first room"" bug, or the training room ""bug"", however I did encounter a bug in the dark forest that stopped me from physically being able to progress forward, with seemingly no solution besides to reload and try the area again.Pros:1.) Beautiful graphics that lend to a great ambiance and feel.The design of characters, weapons, locations and ambient object are all gorgeous. I love all of them, and think there is GREAT potential here!2.) Story and World Building seems to have a TON of future potential.From the litle amount of dialog I could actually decipher meaning to, it seems to me like your ability to design a world, various peoples, and questing will be meaningful - which is SO important! I look forward to seeing and understanding more of this world in the future.3.) I believe in the future of VR RPGs, and of this game. There are so many of us who WANT good VR RPGs, and are just waiting for them to refine and release. I will be watching the progress of The Soulkeeper VR with an excited eye.Thank you for working on a game like this, and I wish you the very best in your continued development!Edit:Forgot to include specs:GTX 970i7 4790k16GB 2133 RAMOculus (2 sensor setup)"
76561197970577374,Not Recommended,442660,34276065,Posted: 16 August,all,Hiebepuz,"I was looking very much forward to the game, from the first moment i saw the first alpha demo. Although it has some potential i unfortunately cannot recommend the game. I´m going for a refund. Pros and Cons are as followed:Pros:- Nice graphics- It has a StoryCons:-Serious performance issues! Barely playable-Sound effects and dialogues seem to be recorded by a dev in his spare time with a 2 bucks mic.-Musik too loud to understand the dialogues especially for a non native speaker like me. (and no option to adjust volume settings)- No Options (at all) to adjust graphics, sound, ss, subtext etc..- First combat scene in story already soooooo dark, that i couldnt even see the enemies and died a couple of times, very annoying and unsatisfying.- Spells, staff and sword not satisfying while casting- almost no interactable objects at all- why is there an option on the controller to turn around?? I have a headset to look around...- the game seems to be not for vr but a game which got converted for vr afterwards.- when you go to close to an object with your headest e.g. to watch it more closely, you get ""warped"" some distance away.. that´s horrible. ok, in some way the devs have to make sure, that i don´t ""wallhack"" and watch through walls, but to teleport me away from EVERY object i want to watch is just ridiculous. In good games it gets dark, when you try to look trough a wall.- many immersion killing ""features""- boring"
76561198048491034,Recommended,442660,34326155,Posted: 18 August,all,Javabart,"One of the best graphics game there is. At the moment there is performance issues, which I think they are going to sort out. I have ryzen7 with rx480 graphics card.Upgrades and fixes seem to be coming in regular, as a result I'm going to stick with it.This is a good one to watch.Also, it's a good note to remind people that this is EARLY ACCESS!Those that whinge and complain about games in early access don't deserve the privilege.If it was a normal fully release title I could agree, but once again...early access."
76561198052564125,Not Recommended,442660,34284489,Posted: 16 August,all,forgotenhero,"Its got potential for sure, but its missing a lot of key ingrediants most, even simpler VR games have realized are a must. For starters, you cant interact with ANYTHING other than set pieces and enemies. So all that crap on the table you're itching to throw around you just swing right through. Locomotion is bad, at leadt theres a teleport option but no way to turn off the touch oad locomotion causing you to accidentily move or strafe. Theres something seriously wrong with the in game hands.. Its like their man hands and forarms attached to a 5 year olds body.. So you feel like a T-rex with stumpy hands desperately trying to claw at things. The game has some serious bugs getting worked ok, and has some bad lag/ missing frames even on high end machines. So i cannot in good conscience recommend it now, but its early access so I understand a lot of these issues will be addressed... But still..to pay $30 on a game that doesnt feel like it was play tested at all kind of irks me. But hey, shiny shiny graphics.  I'll gladly change my review if these issues get resolved."
,Recommended,442660,34267764,Posted: 15 August,all,Denis Page,"[Review Updated]Last update, fixed all major bugs that prevented me to play.Pros:GraphicsAmbientGameplaySoundsWay you cast the spells (very nice implementation)Cons:Very small (I need more)The devs keep looking the reviews / feedbacks and fixed a lot of things very fast.The only complain is the size of the game. Too short (finished in 2 hours).I hope they add more and more hours.For me, one of the best vr games so far."
76561198021267965,Not Recommended,442660,34359344,Posted: 19 August,all,A1ReadyFirst,"Just asked for a full refund!! this is complete BS!!! this game is completely unplayable, due to the bugs, I spent 99% of the time just tying to troubleshoot my pc settings, ( same problems that every other player is having) at this point I give up!!! For the life of me I don't understand why/how they would release a game for this price or any price and it is 100% unplayable..  I know, I know be patient VR is still new , but  at what point do you get all excited about a game for 6 months now only to be let down.I have bought  VR games for as high as $40 & low as $5, and they all have bugs at some point however they are still playable.  This game was supposed to be a  ""AAA -VR game changer""PS. I don't care if it has a few bugs.. When the game is ""PLAYABLE"" you can glady take my money again....GeForce GTX gtx 1060i5-4670k CPU @3.40GHz16 GB RAM"
76561197983163764,Not Recommended,442660,34270174,Posted: 15 August,all,BurnTheHorses,"I was so excited for this game when I first saw it. It looked awesome. Sorry to say, but it's less than awesome.Even if the game was entirely bug-free and ran like a dream, it'd be meh. Why would you make a VR game where... I mean you can't even pick stuff up. It feels like this was already a game, and they just adapted it to VR, but it was a subpar game anyway. Meh. Just meh. Combat is boring, spellcasting is boring, this game is really boring."
,Not Recommended,442660,34274857,Posted: 16 August,all,HeKC,"At 1060 it just slideshow with no options. Was waiting for this game from July, but now i'm going to refund. Very sad."
76561197969372252,Recommended,442660,34271978,Posted: 16 August,all,Esge,"OK. I initially gave this a poor recommendation. I've put more time into it, been a little bit more persevering - the first room / tutorial - and have really enjoyed this.Initially when I started the game, the sound was off. It wasn't muted as I still heard some ambience, but nothing else. After walking around the room after seeing the ""tutorial"" I quit and restarted. This time, there was sound and as I walked to the door, I got the knock and ""You are wanted in the lab"" bit but I then moved to the window and the talking about the great afternoon and the door speech was going on at the same time. It does seem that if you interrupt the speech behind the door with the looking outside speech, it bugs and you can't proceed to get the key.You can only get the key which is summoned through the initial door interaction. You go through a tutorial that was similar to the pre-alpha version. Then the game starts. I love the way the spells work, you can either gem your staff for a  powerful spell or use the casting options for quick but weaker spells. The sword is also a decent option but the combat needs to be a little bit more engaging - with some feedback at least.It seems that once you get past the start, it really does get better, with a touch of strategic ""pulling"" of mobs :)There are definite  performance issues - I had to enable Async, reduce the SS etc to 1.0 ( using 1080ti) to get it playable. Without that, the turning stutters and performance is awful. I'm using the latest Nvidia driver too - 385.28, which may have something to do with it.I really want to support the devs by buying this and I hope the money from this EA release motivates them to fix these issues. It's not the most solid RPG but it's fun, atmospheric, has gorgeous graphics and it's what most people have been crying out for since Vanishing Realms! :)"
76561198036004266,Not Recommended,442660,34381274,Posted: 20 August,all,Acid-Man,"So, I'm going to start off by saying this game looks awesome - and for me that's where my positive opinion ends. The first thing I would like to say about my early access experience is "" Dev's, for god's sake get rid of the soulless narrator - he sounds like he's reading STRAIGHT OUT OF A BOOK "". A game that's as visually stunning as this deserves a decent voice actor to play the part of the characters we use - the voice you have now is dull boring and painful to listen to. get someone who can play and become the part, someone who can bring life and energy into the game. My next concern is how jittery the game is at present, I have a gtx1080 strix advanced gpu and i7 6700k cpu. I have had to dial the scaling down to 1.0 in the VR settings tab. so now the game looks blurry on my vive and still stutters quite a bit. My final nag - I would like to see improvements to the birds when you start the game for the first time, they need feathers not textures. They deserve to have them so they feel like they belong to the player and fit in more with the graphics from the rest of the game. I am going to say I am excited to see how this develops because I feel it's going to be something special. but right now, the most important thing to improve upon (apart from optimising the game to run better) is the voice acting. It's killed it for me and needs to be re-done. For now, I give this a thumb down, don't rush in and buy this as of now, give it a few more months and see if it's improved. I'm going to request a refund but if things change I will gladly give it another go in the future :)"
76561197969984517,Recommended,442660,35250906,Posted: 27 September,all,Remo99,"Just finished. Very good game. Started out with quite a few game breaking bugs but the devs have stepped up and fixed many of them and seem to have optimized it a lot since release.Very immersive, beautiful, detailed worlds. You can spend some time just admiring the graphics and huge scale of the landscapes and castles. The collision detection and movement is done well. I never got stuck in a wall or in a half-opened  doorway. I did have quite a few opponents go crazy and glitch out at times though.I love when devs enable touchpad and teleport at the same time. The option to have click to move would be better because when you are trying to use the inventory it is too easy to make yourself move by accident by barely touching the trackpad.Pretty good story and script. Not too many cut scenes and you have the ability to click through them.I liked the simplicity of the spell casting. You aren't forced to memorize anything. A little extra help with the staff and crystals would be nice. It is hard to figure out which combos do what.Combat actually worked better than expected. I could block my opponent's sword fairly intuitively but the AI leaves something to be desired.Overall worth the money. Hopefully they add the additional content without making us wait very long. (not holding my breath though, I have been burnt by quite a few early access VR titles lately).Probably about 3-5 hours playtime if you don't rush. I had to restart many times due to early bugs.I run a 1080ti and a i7-4770 stock clocked and ran it on ultra settings."
76561198348977979,Recommended,442660,34822386,Posted: 8 September,all,steve452,I really enjoyed the first campaign.After the 1.2 update I was able to play through the first campaign on Medium settings with RX480/Oculus.I recently upgraded to a GTX1080 and can now play on ultra settings.The graphics on ultra settings are some of the best I've seen in VR.I'm really looking forward to the following campaigns and seeing how things progress through early access.
76561197962041588,Not Recommended,442660,34328758,Posted: 18 August,all,Lance from Texas,"Well hmmm.... Pros : Beautiful graphics ,scenes etc... its and rpgCons:inconsistent frames on my gtx 1080 with ssd driveI went through the portal after talking to the grave digger and got stuck up high on somethng had to restartHands-arms look wonky holding the swordNeeds ""onward"" style locomotion not the head direction nonscense  "" I'm a hobbiest developer and even my game has full locomotion identical to ""onward""Need to be able to open drawers ,anything with a lid...this is VR!The dove at the window ..  which one of you are responsible for that sound effect...LOL... its ok I can live with itother than that its should end up a nice game...if the patches keep comingbut at the moment its mostly unplayable"
76561198002331104,Recommended,442660,34326051,Posted: 18 August,all,Hutchi,"Visually stunning, great Audio,innovating  combat mechanic.Still early access build and Dev are working hard on  solving bugs and system performance issues.Reminds me when raw data came out, half the player couldn't play due to crash and bugs. Peoples cursing the developers and asking for refunds. Took weeks to make it playable for most peoples. Now it is one of steam most popular game.Give it some time  it will be a great game, with a Skyrim feels (on a much smaller scale of course)It really is a fantastic experience, Spell weaving is  fun :D"
76561198007663277,Recommended,442660,34269036,Posted: 15 August,all,Jewel_Runner_VR,"Definitely recommend as an early access title! Holy smokes! Only got to play about an hour so this review is not in its final form!Pro's:- Graphics are some of the best ive seen, especially the spells! (seriously some of the staff spells are ""holy crap"" worthy)- Art Style is amazing. Very dark and gothic. Definitely not for kids.- Spell casting is great! Very simple yet engaging and the spells themselves are the best in VR (that moment you learn you can control the flaming eagles flight path with your hand)- Combat is tense and frantic. It was refreshing having to kite a group of enemies!- Very immersive and has a brilliant atmoshpereCon's:- fixed- fixed- fixed- fixed- melee weapons feel like toothpicks. Very little impact felt when swinging. Simply making the sound effect louder would greatly increase the feeling of impact. (didnt care, casted magic anyways)-  needs more content (on the way)Overall i really enjoy the core game they have going. Any of my gripes can and will be addressed im sure.  It felt like an oldschool dungeon crawler Very unforgiving game where if you fail you start over from the checkpoint which to me is great. i died a few times. But boy oh boy that art style and environmental graphics are something to see. Its refreshing seeing a game push our hardware to its limits. I plan to play more tomorrow so if anything else comes up i will add here."
76561198097641030,Not Recommended,442660,34269204,Posted: 15 August,all,Decapper,"This is one of the worst vr titles i have played yet. i cant even call it a game its that bad. What is everyone seeing. Scale is off, sound is terrible, sword play is crap. At least they are fixing the bugs but it's going to take a lot of work to bring this game around to what has been promised. I'd wait at least 3-6months on this one to see what the dev decide to do.I even received this title for free so no reason to be upset about my purchase.I can see this falling into the DNF bag as there is just too many concerns to fix. Fingers crossed lol"
76561197994546185,Recommended,442660,34269352,Posted: 15 August,all,Microburst,"**NO SPOILERS**Alright, where to start??? I'm so early in this game and have already found my first game breaking bug where I'm locked in the starter room after dying once in the training room (to the left... dear sirs, please don't go to the left!).  I'll keep this simple and short, like my favorite Game of Thrones character.  The game is tied for the most ridiculously good graphics I've ever seen in VR to date... I don't say that lightly, and was really impressed with ""A Chair in a Room:  Greenwater"" as well just in case you're wondering.   Albeit, this bug allowed me approximately 10 minutes of actual gameplay before telling me to ""shutup and wait for a patch, ya lazy inbreed"".... ok, it didn't say those words exactly, but it was close to that.At this point, this game is a grand canyon worth of potential with a little river at the bottom worth of current playable material.  Why do I recommend this ""slightly larger than a puddle"" amount of gameplay?  Well, because I've been dying for a totally immersive RPG and this one looks, on the surface, like it will eventually fit the bill.Give it a go, don't give it a go... it doesn't really matter at this point unfortunately.  This is based on my expectation, not the reality of the current state of affairs for SoulKeeper VR.  However, the expectation is huge in my mind, so go forth boldly if you dare... at some point I have a good feeling a great game will come out of this one.Beware though, the dungeon of Early Access has vanquished many a friend and foe alike... no telling what the true ending looks like for this one!p.s.- See, there were no spoilers!  That's what getting trapped in the starting room does... you can't spoil anything for anyone.  Yay!!"
76561198040839761,Recommended,442660,34538890,Posted: 27 August,all,Rhaegos83,"So just played after the latest patch came out, version 1.2, and where before i crashed when i completed the turtorial, i have know played a good bit today with no problems.I love how active the dev is with patches and responding so i decided to stick around and now im glad i did, the game itself is gorgeous( running it in ultra with an I7 6700 and a 1080 ti on the vive) and everything ran smoothly, the battles are pretty intense and its definetily no walk in the park, im also digging the inventory system. This is why i bought vr and cant wait to see what the devs have in store ( they did say that there were gonna add dragon riding, which if if they pull it off right will be epic). of course they are still a few things here and there that needs work, like the voice acting, which sometimes speaks over itself and other times sounds way to low"
76561198293516499,Recommended,442660,34515405,Posted: 26 August,all,Panther,The last update fixed alot of the bugs that was making the game unplayable  now it seems to be working fine thanks for the unique vr experience
76561197960944715,Recommended,442660,34604422,Posted: 30 August,all,Everyone,"Allow me to preface this review with a few comments first. This is an Early Access (EA) game, to me that means it can be in virtually any state from barely working to a finely polished game. It may mean something else to you of course, but please keep in mind that you will encounter bugs and the like in EA games.The Soulkeeper VR when first released had some major performance issues, to which many of the past reviews have mentioned. The developers have released a few patches since day one and for the vast majority of players the performance issues have been addressed. For reference these issues were frame rate and memory related.I'm currently running the game on Ultra Settings, with my Vive SS at 5, and rendertargetmultiplier at 2.5. The game looks beautiful. The graphics are  amazing, getting up close to various objects, armour, swords, Trolls (maybe not the one you have to fight - a tad dangerous), and a variety of other things all have had a large amount of work put into them. Without a doubt the game world looks amazing. The spell and staff effects are great.The sound is really good, not perfect but having spoken to a couple of the Developers on their Discord channel, this is something being worked on.The game play is much like most VR titles just now, you can teleport or walk. You have a sword and a staff, combined with four spells at your arsenal. The staff can be fitted with 2 different effects at any time and can be changed as and when you feel like it, or run out of one fitter. Various effects from fireballs, meteor strikes, to void hole things all blast away your enemies with visual and audio splendor you'll be smiling like an idiot. The spells you cast by drawing simple shapes in the air, 'charging up the spell in whatever hand drew it. This does not get old.The enemies are varied, but the current AI for them is a little underwhelming, however I fully expect this to be addressed in the future.With one character available at the time of writing, there is about 5-6 hours of gameplay just now, plus a 'Beat the Troll' mini level. There are other characters and a Dungeon Crawl mode to be added.The current price tag of £29.99, to me is a little steep. If a couple of the characters or DC mode was there I wouldn't even mention it, but currently it is off putting if you are not a fan of the genre. That said, you will be hard pressed to find a game with the level of looks and potential in VR just about anywhere else just now.If you like RPG games, this is a must."
76561197976624966,Not Recommended,442660,34741054,Posted: 4 September,all,SixteenBitPanda/twitch.tv,As of right now this game is a big no... with hopes of changing it to a yes in the future. I can't even play the game as it is. All I have access to is the Troll Challenge and even that's buggy... I wonder though cause I see everyone elses review and it looks like they can play the game. This must only be happening to me... HTC VIVE
76561198040523868,Not Recommended,442660,34299179,Posted: 16 August,all,nickrice90,"Currently, this game is nowhere near the AAA status it claims.  It is appalling that this game has gone through both alpha and beta testing and still has this many bugs at early access.  Also, the game mechanics are worse than many free games.One good thing is that the developers really seem to care about making improvements to the game.  Perhaps things will change in the future.  But for now, it is not worth your money."
76561198239866726,Recommended,442660,34268712,Posted: 15 August,all,joeman,"Very glitchy and buggy game. But has amazing graphics and voice acting. Reminds me of Skyrim, I Hope the devs can fix the game soon."
76561198350388839,Recommended,442660,34271376,Posted: 16 August,all,wrnglr06,"The game looks awesome. I have been reading about the problems people are having with this game, for the short time of playing, I have not had any significant issues as of yet. I like what I see so far."
76561198133021112,Recommended,442660,34529821,Posted: 27 August,all,Matter92,"Dear Team, thanks for fixing the graphic so I can play on low. I tried again after todays patch and I got a request to make. Would it be possible to make a setting to a) disable the moving trackpad or b) to switch the teleport to the left trackpad. I sometimes touch whithout noticing, when opening the inventory or when focused on other stuff. After the touch locigally a movement triggers and I freak out on the sudden movement. So if you could make option b) possible that would be gorgeous.Another thing I figured out is, that it is hardly impossible to create the fireball with my left hand.Thanks for your great work!"
76561197970529739,Recommended,442660,34277179,Posted: 16 August,all,wonkyhouse,"It's a good start, but if you're looking for a complete experience, you'll be disappointed.  There are plenty of issues ... they are well documented in other reviews; I only bought the game to support the developers, and really would only recommend it at this time to those with similar intentions."
76561198273278676,Recommended,442660,34298009,Posted: 16 August,all,Chopper,"This game has the most visually stunning graphics I have seen in VR. The visual polish is unprecidented.   For that alone, it is worth supporting the devs to continue making this game.  It has a story - which people are constantly asking for.  I also really love the spell casting system.  Although there are some performance issues for some at the time of release, the devs have responded immediatly with the list of reported issues that they are addressing.  There seem to be a number of negative reviews, but I think people should be a little more forgiving of a launch like this in early access.  Give the devs at least a few days to a week to squash the initial bugs.  I think that this game is destined fore greatness."
76561198209264320,Recommended,442660,34807671,Posted: 7 September,all,w2121,"+ great graphics, no motion sickness thanks to teleport- lags on i5-4590/970, bugsto do list:1. teleport at many places didn't work when free locomotion work2. change teleport button to touchpad3. disable free locomotion buttons in teleport mode4. add shield in 1 hand instead of sword, look at Mage's Tale5. add easy story mode, the game is too tough for me6. music is too loud, can't hear speach often7. remove darkness when wounded, it's too dark world anywayEdit: After Patch Version 1.3 the game is much better. No. 3 and 6 solved. More smooth. Still some bugs, but very good FPS/RPG anyway. So I change my verdict to8/10."
76561198322395413,Recommended,442660,34282187,Posted: 16 August,all,stoney0713,I recommend this game because I'm sure problems I've had will be fixed over time.I did have a problem that almost caused me to not progress past the tutorial but  I seem to have found a way to get around Myself but devs do need to fix. I'm sure some people won't Be able to do what I did because of room bounds but here it is. After doing tutorial and starting the first mission I spawned outside of the wagon and got stuck. I eventually realized I was suppose to be inside the wagon.  I was able to get into wagon by walking out of The bounds of my room setup and stuck my head and arm inside the wagon and teleported into the wagon. After that I was able to open the door and start the mission as was intended. I know some people have an actual physical wall in there house and won't be Able to do this but if you can  get your head in there it worked for me. I also lost key in tutorial but restarted and was able to get out of that too. I also noticed the odd forearm angle. This is kind of annoying and causes aim to be off on vive. The game looked good and ran smooth for me with only a slight jutter. I'm using a vive on a 6 core 5820 k i7 with 16 gig ram and a 1080ti.
76561198068633638,Recommended,442660,34269123,Posted: 15 August,all,StingingRumble,"PLEASE READ: This game is EARLY ACCESS so expect some issues. That aside it's the most bloody beautiful VR game I've ever seen. The devs have already fixed my issues with the start of the game, some bugs diddnt allow me to progress and that's been fixed ALREADY!I have to recommend this game as these devs seriously have a game in their hands that has potential to be one of the greatest and most beauftiful VR games. But just know it's EARLY ACCESS it may be worth waiting till version 1.0"
76561198038312152,Recommended,442660,35224432,Posted: 26 September,all,claw,Love this game lots of fun.
,Recommended,442660,34360964,Posted: 19 August,all,brdsnow (aka SKVR fanboy),"1st run thru thoughts (while EARLY ACCESS)All I can say is WOW... if there is more like this we are lucky to have developers like helm. I'm not saying its perfect... somewhere between near and far from. I did still have issues with the staff glitching out and acting like it had gems when it didn't or slotting new ones and then removing immediately. At one point I had no gems but it shot fireballs? Other times nothing on it and couldn't put new ones at all. All of these times I was able to reset it by holstering it and then grabbing it again.The light puzzle was glitched for me the light beams didn't align correctly but still solved the puzzle. Also, the area right before the troll fight was glitched for me. In the last ""castle"" area there was a section that there was no enemy but I was taking damage.... Unfortunately it caused me to steamroll thu the area until I got to the troll door missing some chests.The berserker battle was glitched... I had the issues with the staff and then fixed it casted the meteor? spell and then all of the dogs came up and died and the berserker was frozen... then the dragon came out... I do have video of that. Several time some of these spells cause these stuttering issues.As for the last battle which I don't want to spoil OMG my arms are rubber! In a somewhat good way tho. It was a marathon.... maybe too much compaired to the difficulty of the rest of the game as it is now. However, it was fun and I totally relied on the staff for that battle.I did try to take some clips and screenshots of issues and will go thru them and sort them out. Once I do I will add a google drive link so that the devs can take a look at them.BTW... I was not aware that the game will run without steamvr until I used Oculus home to launch it and steamvr didn't pop up kudos for that!Great game can't wait for more will try the troll challenge when my arms rest :)One thing that would be cool would be a defensive spell that could block incomming attacks. Sometimes when there were to many on screen at one time it was to hard to use hand magic and just had to opt out and use the staff.I definately recommend this game it may have issues but the devs seem to care about their game and customers. The more people that get this and give constructive feedback the better the end product will be and the more content they will be able to offer."
,Recommended,442660,34270140,Posted: 15 August,all,EZ WIN,So far I have played through the beginning and I must say this game has a lot of potential. It's a typical RPG game but in VR. A lot like Mage's Tale but with more non-VR RPG elements. The graphics remind me of other RPG's i have played like Skyrim. they are very nice while at the same time very unique. The Inventory system is genius. Draging and dropping just works. Spellcasting is entertaining drawing spells feels natural and forces you to memorize the spells. The are other games that have gotten this right but only this one so far allows you to move freely through the world while casting spells. The devs have put a lot of interesting details into the scene. I think this has a lot of potential as there are bugs yet to be fixed and more interactions that need to be added  like any other early access game but overall it is on a good path and I can see this becoming a surprisingly successful VR-RPG . I would strongly recommend getting it.I will write a longer review later on.
,Recommended,442660,34298833,Posted: 16 August,all,superbobby85,"this is my first review i've written and mainly writing this to hopefully shed light on such a promising game. i have been following this game for over a year and highly anticipating the august 15th release however i would gladly wait a few more months for a more crisp patched version. so before i get into my rant of cons and things, i hope the devs look at my review and take somethings to heart as well as players, id like to say that this game shows huge potential, i know its early access and im confident that the helm team are going to address many of these issues as the game is beautiful in its surroundings and will only improve from here. i fully support paying the early access of this game to better help fund this project and hope to see it come to full fruition. so here is the down and dirty of the game...As it stands now i do say that the game being in early access is unplayable and not in the sense that its a bland game just in the sense that its physically unplayable as i run a 1070 overclocked and 24gb ram.*  there are way to many bugs currently which i will address after i critique the actual game play and emersion.1. the hand positions are off (angles are currently screwed for vive)2. the sounds do not match up as you have to be in a certain spot to hear them correctly as even yoursubconscience sounds like its talking to the person down the hall and that pigeon in the window is laughableim sure there are realistic audio clips of a pigeon that could have been used however its obviously someonemimicing the bird and breaks the emersion.3. the diaglog in the begining is a little too descriptive on the first person who knocks on your door, i couldunderstand if you were to open the door and see the monk talk and you say to yourself hes a good man butto say that without even seeing the guys seems a bit too scripted, and in the training room i had a hard timekeeping up with the instructor on how to use the staff and before i knew it the prop minions killed me and ihad to restart from the begining of the game! i feel if im in training and he wants me to know how to use aweapon (staff) dont send me in an area where the minions can actually kill me and then make me restart thegame over entirely, give a guy a more fighting chance.4. the atmosphere is very nice however the torches make every shiny metal shimmer and its very distracting andtakes away from the realism.5. training makes no sense at the start of it: i undersand the begining of the game is to be about training andknowing how to use certain thingslike finding a key and opening a chest, however i find it funny that im locked in my own room and i have to finda key which is locked away in a chest in which i have to find that key to open the chest...over redundant andmakes no sense. maybe have those enchanted gloves in the chest and you need to don them before leavingthus using the key to open it.6. controls arent fluid: teleportation is spot on i like it, inventory im happy with espically with the little haloaround you keeps it feeling emersive, now the part that needs some tweeks are the turning, the speed thatyou walk/run and i havent got this far dont know if you can do this but a jump would seem nice although notnessessary.now onto the bugs of the game in which im sure they will be adressing:1. from the begining id say i was pleased as i read that there are so many and  i only saw the game stutter as i would turn left and right and not always happening.2. when i would grab the key i would watch it bounce from my inventory to the floor and i would catch it in mid air.3. when i step next to the window to attempt to look out where the pigeon is at the screen constantly jumps back making it impossible to see out of fully, so i stood im my tiptoes to see that the pigeon was sitting in mid air not on the ledge lol.4. after i dropped the red gem it was nowhere to be found5. after i died from making sure i was trained properly... i was to restart from the begining... well atleast they let me keep my staff as it was in my left hand as the entire ground hog day scenrio began. then there was no key, then my staff dissapeared along with my left hand... to only see it flying in circles near the ceiling and no i didnt throw my controller into my fan and no it wasnt a tracking issue as i could still use my left hand to teleport, except that it wasnt actually there, ill chalk to up to being gladdic from cycle of galand ;)4. the voice placement : its off plain and simple doesnt match with your placement, and some sounds ie the pigeon and i think the water in the fountains (sounds like water is dripping more than a fountain flowing water) should be addressed.5. the height of things or scale is off. im 6 ft tall and at times the door handles are up above my chest and then when walking down the stairs its way below my waste,... something isnt right there.VR is still growing and this is a step in the right direction and i can only hope to see this project become something more than starseed and any roborecall wave shooter. this game is far from perfect and needs a lot of love but i know in a few patches i will def be up to playing the ea version if the devs are willing to listen to the fans.would i recommmend this yes, absolutely however i would recommend that gamers wait a month or two to let the devs clean it up before they pick it up."
76561198003898376,Recommended,442660,34299604,Posted: 16 August,all,Awara,"The question isn't whether or not to buy this title... it's WHEN to buy.Get it now while it's EA and give constructive feedback, or come in after things have been mostly dialed in.If you're like me... you'll want to get in at the gate so you can be an old pro by the time all the slow ppl catch on. Then you can be all snotty and condescending.  (lolz...jkjk)Nothing to worry about. It'll be money well spent."
,Recommended,442660,34271129,Posted: 16 August,all,Zelse,"Pros:- Good graphics- Good Enviornments, and world immersion- Has a story- Dedicated DevelopersCons:- You can interact will little to nothing in the game and the grab mechanic is frustrating if trying topick up objects close to one another- Voice acting and sound effects- smooth turning; when it is on you turn like a slug (needs turn speed options)- NPC and Enemy Animations need lots of work- Melee combat has no meat to it ( you can tap something and it will take full damage, or you know just waggle)- You can not parry or block- Aiming with the crossbow skill feels off, same for using your other hand gesture spells. The staff spells seem to aim better.Updated review list of pros and cons, the developers have changed quite a few things to help out the game. I feel they are on the right path to getting the game to where it needs to be. I recommend this game if only fot the fact that the developers are putting the money where their mouth is and fixing the stuff that is wrong with it. you should still wait till more content is added if you want a more finished product however as it is $40."
76561197962926723,Recommended,442660,34278782,Posted: 16 August,all,Shadulf,"My specs:Geforce 1080 OC Edition 8GBi7-6700K @ 4.0GHz16GB RamInstalled on a SSD.Old review:Still i have performance issues and it's almost as if im constantly loosing tracking of headset / controllers. I get sent back and forth to the ""Steam menu"" and back into the game almost every move i make with my head. It makes the game unplayable as it is right now. They also need to correct the angle of the ""idle hands"".. they are just wierd right now.On the other hand, i can see great potential once all this issues are fixed. Beautiful graphics, nice spell casting and a good story.I havent even got into a fight yet, only tutorial because of the problems i had that made me want to puke. (and i dont suffer from VR sickness at all)I would love if i could make a neutral opinion on this, but as i have to choose im gonna not recommend this at it's current state. If they fix all this, i will change my review right away! Because i know this can be one of the best VR games!New Review:After a few updates the performance issues is almost gone. The game runs much smoother now and they corrected the issue were Vive players had a very dark enviroment. I've played through the very short campaign (i guess and hope they will be adding more to it) And i must say it's one of the most impressive enviroments i've ever seen in an VR game.The fighting is fun, but it feels like it needs more work still.Especially the melee combat, it doesnt feel like you actually hit something. The sword just runs straight through the bodies. If they could add some kind of collider it could turn out to be amazing!Anyway, i will change my review on this because they are constantly updating and fixed many issues already. And also they devs are very polite and nice to talk too! It might not be worth the money in current state, but it definitely will be! Buy if you like this kind of games and want to support this great team of devs!"
76561198345223066,Recommended,442660,34319599,Posted: 17 August,all,Hillshire,"why does it darken when u take damage i cant see a thing? way to dark, i cant even play it. cant feel or see what im swinging sword at, hands dont match with controllers and why cant they actually move and grasp objects? there just stiff and frozen.Update: i can now recommend this to play. New patch fix a lot of issues, keep it going HELM this game had massive potential. still a few bugs, but i am  enjoying the game now."
