user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,442780,31661561,Posted: 10 May,all,Magpie,"An Explanation of Poor User Reviews & Full ReviewTo be blunt, STRAFE made a mistake. Consumers are not obligated to do theirownresearch before purchasing a product (even though it's healthy practice to do so...) and therefore, when the product is not shown as immediately advertised, or not as expected, consumers have the entitlement and power to provide negative feedback.STRAFE is not a classic first person shooter. It is a rogue-lite shooter with randomly generated levels which arc and piece together into a complete narrative that isinspiredby classic first person shooters. And, as much as I loved Pixel Titan's marketing for this game, I don't believe it was made very clear from advertisement alone what this game really was, and it shows.Now about the game itself:GAMEPLAYAs said prior, STRAFE is a first person rogue-lite shooter with typical elements of randomly generated levels, throw-away items/weapons and permadeath. The objective is to survive the level by working your way from one end to the other, becoming increasingly difficult as more/tougher enemies appear and objectives begin to come into the equation.You get to select from a variety of three primary weapons (shotgun, machinegun, railgun) before you delve into the campaign, then beyond that you may discover lone weapon drops (roughly ~20 weapons from my playthrough) which have a single magazine/clip before being next to worthless but can be found several times.The combat itself is fine. Weapons similar to the railgun and shotgun pack a much harder punch due to their damage output, especially watching chunks fly at close range. Whereas weapons similar to the machinegun feel often a little weak due to the headshot damage multiplier being insanely potent compared to a body shot, making you do something a little unfamiliar in a classic shooter by focusing on headshots.There also seems to be a lot of arbitrary damage, which is frustrating to many who aren't experts in FPS or rogue-lite games in general. Explosive barrels, stray projectiles, being hit by an unseen, quiet enemy and the orange/acidic goo will be the top contenders for why you're suddenly at death's door after being seemingly fine for so long. It's adjustable, but came off as plenty stressful as it feels you aren't allowed to focus exclusively on thegunplay.If you are lucky enough to find them there are upgrade vendors for your primary weapons, essentially changing how they function in their entirety, with more than one variety. The machinegun, for example, may be upgraded into a minigun, a highly inaccurate yet explosive-tipped assault rifle, or a homing, tri-shot burst rifle. The other type of vendor is one relating to your primary resource, scrap metal, which may be used to convert into ammo or shields to keep you going.In regards to currency, most levels will have a 'shop', very similar to any other rogue-lite, that will sell a random small assortment of beneficial items. Some of the more exciting/useful ones I found were a booster pack to help you dash in a certain direction, similar to Unreal Tournament, and a little flying drone which periodically shot at enemies. You're able to rarely collect currency off of enemies, or convert scrap metal for some.This game also features an alternative survival mode named 'Murderzone'; a wave-based, point-scoring shooter where you gain unlockables to aid you in your next attempt should you earn enough points. If you have a particular preference, you can also select one of the four zones/environments. It's minimal, but additional little features like this can really add to the quality of a small game.LEVEL DESIGNFor me, this is one of the game's strongest features. Typically when you hear 'rogue-lite' and 'randomly generated', you assume the level design will be rather lacklustre and boring. In my few attempts before completion, I discovered that the map generation was just enough to make each playthrough feel unique, yet kept extremely similar elements to make each level feel like it's memorable. This includes some setpieces being unique to a specific level, as well as each environment having their very own specific objectives.Thanks to the random generation and how the setpieces are designed, this gamedoesfeel slightly similar to Quake or Duke Nukem 3D's sense of abstraction when it comes to level design. There are absurdities and only a slight flow of realism in how the levels are shaped, but this balance of abstraction and logical flow allowed for a greater sense of exploration without just becoming agitated by the layout. That said, the actual map function for the game felt jarring, having me rather use my memory than to refer to it.There are four chapters/environments and, remarkably, I felt they only got better as you progressed. This is very rare to see in any shooter, really. Each environment became stranger but more visually exciting to look at. There's no sewer level to punch you in the stomach halfway through that makes you want to switch off, it only ever seemed to improve.SOUND EFFECTS & MUSICI love the soundtrack for this game. It isn't at all similar to DOOM or Quake, but it houses that contemporary take on retro sound through synthesisers and action sci-fi, giving you a feeling of immediacy and tension whether you're in the middle of a fight or just searching for the next room to go to. There is plenty of music to go through, with each environment having their own set of tracks, so it's not just the trailer theme haunting you from start till finish.As for the sound effects, it's a mixed bag. I respect that the audio for fired enemy projectiles are somewhat louder and sharper than anything else so that you know when they're coming, and I like the classic 'hup' grunt made by the character whenever he jumps about. But the firing sound for a lot of weapons seem to be extremely quiet, to the point where you're questioning if it's the music's volume becoming too overwhelming or if the weapon itself is underwhelming -- this also goes for just about any noise an enemy makes. Already I can't recall what they sounded like aside from the cannon fodder enemies that run at you, as any other enemy just seems to be the noise of a projectile firing or silence.VISUALSAgain, in tandem with the level design, I felt that this was clearly inspired by old shooters -- most certainly Quake. There is a muddiness to each texture with how they're detailed, creating an aesthetic without being too overwhelming or distasteful. I appreciate it. Although you see a few too many enemies of the same type, and a lot of them feel a little muddled together as many require the same shots to kill, there is plenty of cast diversity if you count them on your fingers. Each new environment housed new enemies and a complete visual overhaul on the environment to keep things fresh.OVERALLIt's afun game. I believe most of its faults fall into the somewhat misleading marketing, and that its reliance on being a rogue-lite at times negatively impacts the content. This game would be more entertaining if I could always hold onto the weapons I find, or if the shop wasn't there and I could just instead have some of the more exciting power-ups, like dashing, just to at least keep the gameplay more similar to a classic shooter.It's difficult for some, easier for others, I completed it on my fourth attempt with some luck.Is it worth $19.96? Honestly, no. I will certainly go back and play it again when I'm bored, but I'm expectingcontentupdates for this to feel valuable, between game modes and more levels.But do I recommend it? Yes, of course. This is not a 'mixed' game. The quality is there, the idea is there, I enjoyed it. If it's on sale, definitely get it. If they release huge content updates, definitely get it."
,Not Recommended,442780,31650519,Posted: 9 May,all,FLLW_CHVE,"This should be an Early Access title.When you first boot up the game it does feel like an old school shooter and the presentation is just on point, too.I started the tutorial and was introduced to this good looking female guide that gave me advice for the different mechanics in the game. The VHS style screen effect is just awesome and I felt like playing Quake on an old monitor. Weird thing is, that they only use that effect in the tutorial which should be an option for the main game.After I went for my first run I felt right at home, the screen that melted down is just straight up copied from Doom which is an awesome effect. Like I said, presentation is on point in this one. I went to the first corridor with a shotgun and shot some guy (I got swarmed by a lot of enemies even in the first room) but something felt weird. The shotgun just felt very weak and it missed that kind of ""OOMPH"" that you get when you shoot a shotgun. After working my way up to the different rooms the game just felt a bit lacking. The sound design is pretty terrible throughout which shouldn't be a thing in this type of game. Animation wise it just feels like a really old game, they look pretty bland and behave like that, too. I know it's supposed to be an old school shooter but that doesn't mean that you have to include the flaws of the old games, too.The level design is also pretty bland most of the time which I could excuse if the core gameplay would be better. It's just lacking a lot of things and I seriously hope the developers continue to work on it heavily to make the game what it should be. It has the groundwork and a lot of things feel very good and even funny but in a good way. Then it does so many things wrong which ruins the whole experience to be honest.I can't recommend the game at this price tag."
,Recommended,442780,35061565,Posted: 19 September,all,Mr. Henry,"It's getting better by the update. I played this since launch and I loved every bit of it. Now with the releasing of the BETA for the MILLENIUM EDITION, it gave SO MUCH STUFF like weekly speedruns, new rooms, new enemies, less aggro on the beggining of the zones (a big plus for those that couldn't leave Icarus) and other ballancing and patching features to the game that I can proudly say that it became the thing I was dreaming about before the lauch. Big props to Pixel Titans for making this game and improving it with only 3 PEOPLE IN THE TEAM!!!"
76561198051885643,Recommended,442780,31733460,Posted: 13 May,all,Jormungandr,"Short Version: The game is a definite buy if you want simple, 20 minute a pop gameplay punctuated by your choice of loud music.Long Version: I read a lot of mixed reviews on Strafe, and will admit I was initially disappointed as I was looking forward to this one for a while. With all that said, I decided to take the plunge and try it for myself.I can tell you what this game is NOT: A 90s shooter. Rather, it is a 90s-inspired shooter. The aesthetic is similar, complete with an option for a pixelated filter that is nothing short of beautiful. The gameplay is similar in to a 90s shooter in many regards: it is fast, there is circle strafing, and there is plenty of carnage and gibbing. Where it differs from your 90s fare is level design. By definition, having a game with procedurally generated levels means that the carefully designed and well-balanced levels of a quake or a doom are simply not possible.I will not be the first to say this, but if you are looking for a shooter that PLAYS like a 90s shooter, you are better served by getting Quake or Quake 2.The question would be why then buy this at all. Why Strafe caught MY attention is because the problem with old shooters is that I am OCD and HAVE to find each secret. Thus, the experience I have with those shooters is I tend to play them slower than I should. The procedural generation is an excuse to stop caring about that and simply focus on the task at hand, which is to kill bad guys.So the procedural generation is a draw, though it has its detractors. It is not purely random. Rather, the developers stated that its more like a series of pre-designed rooms arranged in novel ways through each play through. I can say that the layouts and playthroughs are different each time and refreshingly so. However, the procedural generation is not such that you have completely broken levels.Another thing this game captures extremely well and where it faithfully recreates that 90s feel is in the violence. You will not have bodies fade on you. Everything , including gibs and spent bullet casings, will litter the battlefield as you admire your work. If Viscera Cleanup Detail is the sequel, this is the prequel.Are there faults? Certainly. I cannot say I like the design choice to leave me with one weapon. One of the best part of old shooters was the anticipation of the next pickup as you slowly build your arsenal. To be fair, it is difficult to imagine how a procedurally generated level could carefully balance varied ammunition supplies for varied weapons, so the designers probably chose the one permanent weapon plus temporary pick up weapons as a compromise. I do not necessarily like this, but I do understand it.I will say that the complaints about the AI and bugs are overblown. The game plays reasonably well for what it is. Weapons and movement is smooth, enemies behave as they should, etc. The AI complaints chiefly revolve around enemies bee lining towards the player. With respect to those who mention this, I am not sure it is a shortcoming. Doom, Quake, and Quake 2 all have beelining melee type enemies (pinkies, knights, beserkers as respective examples). Additionally, the game has some ranged enemies without hit scanning weapons. Hence, there is a lot of projectile dodging in store here.All in all, I would say this game is deserving of a buy and I am optimistic that the devs will iron out a fair share of complaints by way of patches or DLC. For a $20 game, you could do a lot worse. Bonus points for the amazing marketing campaign."
,Not Recommended,442780,31654061,Posted: 9 May,all,fat piece of shit,"Sound design is disappointing. There is no feedback for any of the weapons; special attention was given to the gimmicks and secrets over the meat of the gameplay. Monsters provide weak audio feedback while identifying targets, and provide none when in close proximity to the player, forcing him or her to check their surroundings at all time. There is no weight to the player movement or pain feedback as seen in Quake 1 or Doom, games which STRAFE is trying very hard to emulate parts of.The game can not decide if it wants to be fast paced or slow and methodical. The combination of ludicrous movement tech through bunnyhopping and the scarcity of health resources creates an odd blend that does not mesh well if you want to survive, the player finding it much more lucrative to take their time. The vast majority of enemies you will fight are uninteresting trash mobs that swarm around you and are easily dodged. Gameplay becomes staggeringly simple if you simply lead the horde of mutants into a funnel and unload your weapon in a straight line. The developers appeared to include both mechanics without understanding the requirements for each.Information is scarce in STRAFE. I do not know what the HL2 neon batteries in the pressurized containers provide apart from a translucent icon that fades away after a few seconds. It makes the mistake of withholding information critical to the player's success where it could be easily included as a result of sound design or through demonstration techniques as seen in the tutorial for the game.Roguelike mechanics like upgrades for your guns are unexplained and either are random at every upgrade kiosk you find, or are designated by the icon above the kiosk when generated. I did not know, because the game does not provide enough information beyond subjecting it to clinical trials. If you are to recieve an explosive upgrade (to your knowledge or otherwise), you must now account for the explosive splash damage that comes with it, sometimes to your detriment. Truly, not all guns are created equal.Another result of the roguelike mechanics provide a disorienting map layout each time a new level is generated, with the expectation that the Metroid Prime style map accessed through the TAB key is sufficient enough to guide you through each level if you get lost. It is not sufficient. It is terrible. I don't want to imagine a world with this kind of map in videogames because all it does is give me an enormous headache.I do not think the developers have ever developed a game before. They must learn from their mistakes and gather community input if they want to rightfully succeed the $207,847 prize pool given to them by their Kickstarter.I do not recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,442780,31649709,Posted: 9 May,all,Notchle,"Played it for two hours now and it's not really like i expected this game to be. In the trailers you saw fast paced gameplay, but what really happens is you walking backwards as you shoot at a crowd of monsters who just follow you in a straight line once you get near them.For the people who wonder what the preorder VV-1N gun does: It charges up just like in the Video and then you instantly win the game (which is why 37% of all the players have already gotten the ALL STAR achievement *it's not 37% anymore due to more people who haven't preordered the game buying it*) and the credits show up with the word STRAFE, but its written with dollar symbols.Another issue is the guns you pick up being useless due to them only having one magazine and since you're probably going to use them right away you're gonna run out of bullets really quickly.What I find positive is that the gore effects look nice and you can really make a mess by shooting at a few enemies, but I think there's still room for improvement."
,Not Recommended,442780,31702897,Posted: 12 May,all,Azralynn,"See written review belowor watch it here:https://youtu.be/TCL8VM-eRwYTHIS IS A MIXED REVIEW! TL;DR: SKIP TO CONCLUSION!STRAFE is a retro style, rogue-lite FPS inspired by old school shooters from the 90s. There doesn’t seem to be a whole lot of story in STRAFE. You play as a scrapper, on a mission to get through all of the levels in one life. If you die, you restart from the beginning.I believe the game is supposed to be fast-paced, but the fact that there is perma-death results in more slow and cautious pacing. My “S” key got a lot of use with tons of back-peddling to avoid as much damage as possible. Replenishing shields costs scrap metal. This scrap metal drops randomly off of enemies, and it’s extremely expensive to buy your shields back. You can also buy more ammo with the scraps, but I only ran out of ammo in one run ever. The scraps can also be used to exchange for a different currency which allows you to buy items from the store, such as activated shields and weapon mods. Splash damage from your own weapons is quite substantial, but it can be avoided if firing from far enough away. With some areas of the levels being close quarters, I often just avoided using any explosives.You can expect to die lots in STRAFE. I don’t mind dying when it’s my own fault, but with STRAFE, I find it a bit frustrating. The game likes to finds cheesy ways to make you take damage. With health and shields being scarce to find, it really got on my nerves at times. For example, clearing a room, and then moving forward, only to have walls open up, and enemies sneak up behind you, or having to take an elevator down to another floor, but enemies are waiting there to swarm you.Pros:good selection of weapons to find and use in each levelnice aesthetic; pixel style graphics look decent, the game succeeds at giving off that old school shooter appearance - blood splatter, and gore look awesomesome progression that allows you to skip levels by finding all the parts to build a teleporterexcellent musicperformance: maintain 60fps for the most part while playing (GTX 1070),  but there are severe hiccups when moving from one level to the next (presumably while loading).keyboard controls are fully customizableCons:sometimes damage feels inevitable, and unavoidable, and the game kills you in cheap ways that may be frustrating for some playersthere are simply not enough items around to replenish health or scrap to replenish shields, so you can’t play as aggressively as you might like to resulting in a more ""slow and steady"" pace instead of ""run-and-gun""can't buy ammo for any weapons you find, so you wind up using the starter weapon most of the timeAI pathing needs improvement; there are several times where enemies run into walls on a lower level trying to get up, or just get caught on parts of the terrainenemies seem to aggro you through walls, and through the floors (enemies that you don’t know are there, and enemies that can’t possibly know you are there come running at you)(nitpick) too many narrow corridors where there is very little space to actually strafe; it can be a real pain trying avoid incoming projectiles in these narrow corridors (the first three levels were more annoying in this regard)(nitpick) sound effects are sometimes inconsistent, and could use some tweaking (at times enemies seem like they are completely silent, and they sneak up behind you, while most of the times you can hear them just fine)(nitpick) only partial controller support right nowI’ve played the game for about 6 hours, and the furthest I made it was the start of level 7, which I think was about half-way. It’s always 3 levels in a row of the same theme, followed by 3 of the next theme, and so on. Even though it’s procedurally generated, the same theme can feel stale after a while. I wish they had mixed up the level themes more, it would have made it more interesting. There is potential replay value due to the rogue-lite nature, but for me the gameplay just wasn’t fun enough to want to keep playing the same themes in the same order over and over.Conclusion:Ultimately, I enjoyed the trailer for the game, more than the actual game itself. I’m not saying I hated the game by any means, but it certainly suffers from cheap tricks, lack of health/shield pickups, and poor AI pathing. No one thing really ruined the game, but the combination of issues definitely hindered my enjoyment of it.If you like my reviews, please feel free to join my Steam group, and follow my curationshere.You can also view this review on my websitehere."
,Recommended,442780,34845298,Posted: 9 September,all,Bobbleplx,"It's not really like Quake, no matter how much the marketing would have you believe. But as a roguelite, you would be doing yourself a disfavour by missing out on this one. Can't recommend it enough. There's never been a better time to get into roguelites, and this might just be the one that gets you into the genre."
,Recommended,442780,31765095,Posted: 15 May,all,Taiylz,"[TLDR: This game is good fun if you give it a chance]- It took a while for me to appreciate this game. I didn't enjoy it at first because I had expected it to be more Doom/Quake than it is. This is the wrong way to look at it.I kept getting this urge to give it another shot, and another and another. Then I realized that I was actually enjoying it and its what kept bringing me back to it.- It has a learning curve.I believe the majority of negative reviews is because it isn't the 90s shooter they wanted it to be. ''Reloading wasn't in <insert game>'' or ''No health/armor pick ups'' and thus they feel uncomfortable playing it because it isn't like the games they loved in the 90s.- It is a game that is definitely inspired and is a homage/love-letter to the 90s FPS games, but not a carbon copy of them. If you want a game like Doom or Quake, then go and play those games and the dozens of great maps/mods/wads people make for them. No games will live up to the Nostalgia they hold for you.STRAFE is enjoyable if you take the time to learn its mechanics and understand how to play it. This to me, makes it the best type of game."
,Recommended,442780,31665311,Posted: 10 May,all,Zhev,"Room for growth, but full of gib-letting, rogue-lite action(this is not DOOM or QUAKE).I have no performance issues, the game is what I expected.Sorry for all the salty lads out there.**Edit 05/16/17**13hrs later and still going hard, devs are doing great with feedback and patches.Keep it up"
,Not Recommended,442780,31651019,Posted: 9 May,all,Stringer Bell on a 40 Degree Day,"Despite looking foward to this game since I heard about it, the end product (at least at launch) is fairly lacking. Given the way the game was hyped up to be a love letter to late 90's fps games like Quake, it's disappointing to see mechanics such as fall damage, reloading, and enemy spam with no resemblance of strategy in their placement. The shooting lacks the impact that I was hoping for, the physics feel somewhat floaty and sound design is far more scarce than it should be.Whereas in a game like Quake, enemy placement, their attacks, and your weapons all meshed together as a core part of the game, here enemies essentially just beeline towards you like ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ while you have to stop to reload every five seconds. The price of things such as armor and ammo are ludicrously over the top where spending over 3000 scrap on the basic armor will only fill up your armor 20%. I wouldn't call this an outright bad game, however, its feels pretty mediocre when considering the way it was built up to be a randomized version of games like Quake and Doom."
,Not Recommended,442780,31653514,Posted: 9 May,all,MikeyTWolf,"Oh boy, where to start?For a start, it's on every platform so don't expect miracles. Because if you're a ""small team and that's why we won't be doing anything like multiplayer"" then why the hell are you going multiplat on your first game?That sounds like whining but it really paints the rest of the game in a bad light as a sort of partial explanation why things are the way they are.The level generation is pretty terrible. What options can it give you? Just about every single wall and surface is the same grey tiling, to make it very easy to get confused with the layout, something they missed from Quake which can't do random - so someone had to hand craft it and think ""I'm getting lost with this, I should put some landmarks"". Some setpiece rooms give you some variation in terms of negative space, but the majority of your screentime is going to show a chokepoint as you kill all the enemies funnelled through it.The enemies are extremely easy to deal with in a straightforward fashion - with one shot from any weapon killing all but armoured targets (which lose armour in one shot - but you can also just kneecap them in one shot). So the main difficulty in dealing with them is ammo scarcity and the MASSIVE spread every weapon has, which is something they missed from Quake, considering there every weapon is very accurate and your main concern is dealing damage without receiving it, using each weapon's strength and weaknesses as well as the level design. No such luck with Strafe - if you're running low on ammo, all you can do is switch to a temporary weapon that is tossed when you run out (and there's a bug that will randomly delete your ammo for these weapons just switching).The extreme spread of most weapons and the rarity of ammo makes fast movement actually a bad idea, but since enemies have no hitstun unlike Quake going slow isn't the best idea either. This means control of each level starts to fall out of the player's hands fairly quickly and it becomes not a game of skill but luck - luck that you have enough ammo - luck that there's no acid pools or cheap shots hidden by the crowd to steal your health away - luck that a keycard isn't hidden in some fire or other hazard (yes that actually happened to me) to make sure your pace is smooth when you haven't made any mistakes.Oh yeah, you reload your guns. Don't do that in Quake, but you do here. What does that amount to? Grenade alt-fire taking up 4 rounds out of a 6 round magazine, and that's shotguns. You already have a mediocre rate of fire, if the game is fast paced, why on earth is reloading a thing? It adds no tension, it doesn't balance out anything, you move faster than all the enemies - so what is it? Since only the weapon you bring with you has reloading this seems nothing but than a nuisance.Sound design is pretty bad.Everything is obtrusive for no reason but ""minimalism""Nothing is satisfying in feedbackEven the soundtrack gets a bit repetitive.Oh and there won't be mods, guranteed, if the developer has their way.Did I mention this game was inspired by Quake? Makes you wonder where it all went so wrong then. Maybe that was just a marketing gimmick?"
76561197968395460,Recommended,442780,34806667,Posted: 7 September,all,JohnnyTheWolf,"A good roguelite first-person shooter despite not being the pastiche of mid-'90s era first-person shooters it markets itself asPROS:+ Catchy, adrenaline-pumping soundtrack+ Challenging yet generally fair+ Messy yet satisfying gunplay+ Retro-themed minigames+ Masterful art direction+ Nostalgic easter eggs+ The Murder ZoneCONS:- Unnecessary reloading mechanics- Irritatingly cryptic secrets- Still many rough edges- Misleading marketing- No crouching"
,Not Recommended,442780,34435739,Posted: 23 August,all,Yij,"SummarySTRAFE is that friend who tries so hard to appear cool and retro, he pretty much has a flat personality and forgets to tie his own shoe laces, tripping and stumbling every few feet or so whilst mumbling something about Rollerblades, Pogs and Power Rangers.A half good, half bad attempt at being a rogue-like, *sorry*, an old-school shooter with rogue-like elements. A good distraction that offers up some genuine fun, sadly overshadowed by being extremely repetitive with some questionable design choices, ultimately having you ALT+F4ing and applying for a refund.It's disappointing to say I cannot recommend this game in its current state and without some crucial game fixes, it ain't worth anything above a fiver.Old-School shooter at heartLet's get one thing clear: whilst STRAFE never deliberately used the words “old-school shooter” it sure as hell describes itself as one plus even makes blatant references to Quake (1996 anyone?). So let's get that elephant out the room straight away: STRAFE strives to be an old-school shooter. End of.GraphicsYes, it's another one of those “look at my blocky graphics, I'm retro” types of games. But don't reach for your sick bag yet: nope, games back then didn't look like that but STRAFE actually looks decent and playable without hurling over your monitor. There's also a good variety of colour palettes, so you're not just looking at 50 shades of brown.Music and SoundIf STRAFE had to choose one selling point above anything else, it would be the soundtrack. The music gives the game a unique personality and works extremely well with the flow of action and suspense, without becoming too overbearing.  It definitely harks to something from the classic days of pre-2000 FPS games and thank god they didn't say to themselves “hey we're retro, lets use 8-bit chiptunes”. This is proper retro-style music done right, not a ♥♥♥♥in' Gameboy soundtrack. Great job by ToyTree!!As for the sound effects itself, it's pretty decent without becoming too overbearing for the senses. After all, you're holding the fire button down 90% of the time and it serves to have a gun that still sounds good after round 953 and not sound like a Howitzer cannon going off in your ear. Directional sounds seems a little off however which is essential for a game like this, so hopefully they can fix that.GameplayUpon starting a new game (nice Doom reference btw) you're given the choice of a shotgun, machinegun and rail gun. After you've chosen your favourite weapon of mass destruction, it's time to go kill things. And kill you will.Within 5 seconds or so you can already start blasting fools away, and thanks to STRAFE's responsive and slick movement and mouse controls, you'll have no trouble bunny hopping, side strafing and landing that perfect headshot whilst jumping over a chasm. STRAFE really hits the nail on the head when it comes to controls and is an extreme joy to experience and should be applauded. Finally, an old-school wannabe that gets the controls spot on.Throughout your adventures, you can pick up additional ammo, armour and health, all of which aren't too common and with no regenerating health (hurray!) you better ""git gud"" as kids like to say. At certain points in the game you can you can pick up additional weapons you find lying around, buy supplies, or even purchase perks for your character and primary peashooter of choice with RNG vendors around the levels.Ah yes, the RNG ""rogue-like"" aspects of the game, how could I forget. Each level is procedurally generated. Let's not reach for the pitchforks just yet: it's actually done well for once. Each play-through is fairly different from the last and with a variety of open areas, tight corridors and vantage points to rain hell down from, you never quite know what's round the corner forcing you to change your playstyle on the fly, which helps alleviate the otherwise repetitive nature of the game. As mentioned, pickups are rare and vendors even rarer, giving a nice sense of reward after having to survive lengthy battles.ProblemsOne of the biggest sins in video gaming history has to be this: Why the actual ♥♥♥♥ can't you use number keys to switch between weapons and only the mouse wheel??? Nothing is more annoying than trying to blast a crowd of angry monsters with a rocket launcher, and being forced to use the mousewheel to scroll through each weapon one at a time until you find your desired one, by that time you're up to your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in monsters.Seriously, if you make a game with multiple weapons and can't switch between them without hotkeys or even a radial menu, you might as well quit game developing. Bleedin' Wolfenstien 3D from 1992 allows you to switch weapons via hotkeys and that game is older than the majority of Steam “7/11 would meme again” users.Guns you pick up can't be dropped unless they run out of ammo, resulting in even more confusing when switching firearms, plus the game doesn't even tell you to use ALT fire to drop them.Speaking of which, the game lacks a lot of information critical to the player. Yea, I get it, it's a rogue-like, you're meant to discover things for yourself. Still, what the hell do those icons mean in my inventory? What do the different colour rooms on my map represent? What are those orange things I'm picking up? How do I know what's a secret and what's not? Tell me goddamit!Checking your map or inventory is extremely disorientating, as your character will shift his view either side of the screen in a really nauseating way. Yea, I get it, it's cool and edgy, but I can't see nowt in front of me and now I hardly ever look at the map to prevent myself from hurling all over my keyboard. Why not just have a map overlay that pops up on your screen like, I dunno, 99% of other similar games??No saving. Look, I know what a rogue-like is, but you should at least be able to quit the game and return later to carry on instead of being forced to complete the game in a single sitting. With reports of random crashes on the forum, this further puts me off from dedicating my time into this game.Enemies require very minimal tactics to overcome and pretty much charge you en masse. It's not like Quake or even Doom where each enemy would behave differently, requiring varying strategies to subdue with minimal fuss. The fact you get a♥♥♥♥♥♥poor selection of weapons (plus no hotkey switching, yea that really pisses me off) to choose from further decreases any sort of tactical fluidity you'd expect from a game like this.The levels can be very confusing and I got lost more times than I'd like, and at one point I couldn't progress at all (bug?). Combining this with all the problems above, it was all too much for me and sadly it was time to ALT+F4 and navigating to the refund page.ConclusionI really, really wanted to enjoy STRAFE, believe me. I refunded it, yet I'm still thinking about it constantly and would absolutely love to dive into it again…. But not until the issues are fixed. The ultimate deal breakers for me is not being able to switch weapons with hotkeys, not being able to ""save"" and getting stuck in levels.Growing up as a kid from the late 80's and having been spoilt with real old-school shooters such as Doom, Quake and the like, I yearn for any modern game that genuinely harks back to the gaming days of yore, and amongst this deathmatch of old-school wannabes, STRAFE nearly won the match, but sadly sidesteps off the ledge in Q3DM17 and falls into the abyss.The developers haven't rested on their laurels just yet and are continuously adding updates to their game and listening to feedback, so I suggest to keep STRAFE in your crosshairs. With the arrival of DUSK just around the corner who know what they're doing, let's hope the STRAFE developers shamelessly rip off some aspects of DUSK and make their project into a real old-school FPS."
,Recommended,442780,31748101,Posted: 14 May,all,Ryan Dorkoski,"STRAFEis a tough title to review, because while it is definitely unique and is desperately needed in the roguelite FPS category - it has a ton of rough edges and flaws, most of which cannot be fixed at this point.As others have said before, this is more 'rogue' than it is FPS. The marketing was bad. I guarantee it drew in the whole crowd of FPS gamers that saw the trailer and wantedQuakewith a dash ofRogue. Thats not what this is, really. It certainly plays and feels likeQuake, but if you use traditionalQuakestrategy, you are gonna have a bad time.I really want to give a gushing review here, but there are too many flaws;STRAFEfeels like an Early Access title. I am giving a positive review because it really isfun. In my mind, if you took the tenants ofRogue(and mind you, not the tenants of what it is to be a roguelike), and built a FPS around them, you would getSTRAFE. That part is awesome. This means having things like a huge focus on efficent item use and very carefully planning on how you will approach a room. Kick-down-the-door generally doesn't do well here.Pros:+Probably the most capable true 'roguelite' FPS in a design sense+It's fun and addicting+I think it looks nice+Blood splattering is awesome+The controls are tight and itfeelsgood as an FPS game+Devs are fixing things - although I do still feel some fundamental stuff is unfixableCons:-Enemy AI is horrible, they all just run straight at you; this often limits to a one dimensional strategy of running backwards and bottlenecking enemies in a hallway-Not enough enemy variation-Guns are generic-Performance is terrible considering what it is and what it looks like-The marketing was horrible, and it was an embarrasment that they put all that effort, money, and time into those movie trailers when they should have been focusing on the game-Finding keycards is terrible and totally breaks the flow-The proc gen design is good, but the rooms are bland; could use more props or 'decoration'-Music is good on its own but doesn't fit the game well-Price tag is too high, and again, another joke that just feels insulting after you see the qualityOnly get it if you are really into rogue games and want to try a FPS that really tries to fit that genre. Also only get it on sale."
,Recommended,442780,33549711,Posted: 14 July,all,Murdoch,"STRAFE is a decently well-crafted and straightforward experience.While not without its technical issues and slight lack of content, depth, and replayability despite being a roguelike, its fun and easy to pick up gameplay alongside its charmingly retro aesthetics and modest price tag makes it a game well worth hitting and quitting, and it may even reel you back in like a clingy ex."
,Recommended,442780,31828455,Posted: 18 May,all,Fallingferret,"If you're looking for an oldschool shooter, STRAFE probably isn't going to be your jam. It's just aroguelite fpswith a mid-to-late 90's visual aesthetic.If you like the premise of a sci-fi fps roguelite and all the mechanics that some with it (proc-gen levels, rng, resource management), it's pretty solid. There's a good amount of secrets, easter eggs, and nods to both classic fps and modern indie games scattered throughout the game for you to find each playthough as well. It's also got a side wave-base slaughter game mode for when you just want to murder dudes without all the rng and level generation.I don't really have much else to say. I watched some pre-release streams of the game to get past the marketing hype and see how it actually played. It checked off all the boxes I wanted out of a roguelite fps and I feel pretty good about the $20 dropped on it. Also, the soundtrack is ♥♥♥♥ing rad as hell, ToyTree did a fantastic job."
76561198052529409,Recommended,442780,33500398,Posted: 13 July,all,Kachinjsh,"Despite the vast amount of off-putting reviews, I personally find this game to be quite exhilarating.However, I’m yet to be frustrated with the difficulty level, but I can surely see it happening sometime in the future. There is absolutely no respite in this game, it just relentlessly tries to kill you. For now, the only thing I’d ask of the developers are some health packs now and again."
76561198039642906,Recommended,442780,31927064,Posted: 23 May,all,lstair,"Let me say first that I love this games promotional videos and art. Even the games website looks like its from 1996, and the game is even priced $19.96...The game has the aesthetics of a 90's shooter (sort of), but it doesn't play like one, and it hurts to see people base their review just on the fact alone. And an earlier top review stated ""This is a horrible game"" which it is not.It's an fps, rogue-like, procedurally generated shooter. Not a 90's shooter. If you go into the game knowing this I believe you will have a good time. You can tell love and effort went into the game, and the developers have listened to feedback from players and patched/added new things to the game. Pretty often patches as well.The developers want people to love this game, but sadly the target audience they marketed to didn't like the result that came out of the kickstarter, which is a shame, but you can't win them all.I'd say if you like rogue-likes you'll get your moneys worth for $19.96,  otherwise if your skeptical get the game on sale."
,Recommended,442780,31652485,Posted: 9 May,all,pooshit,"Honestly, I didn't care what the game was ""trying"" to be, and that seems to be most reviewers derision herein. I just jumped in, no expectations, and tried to take it as it is. Just take of it as you will, too. I won't write anything as a pro or con either, as that's up to the discretion of whoever is playing.However, this game is NOT DOOM or Quake. The level design is, of course, lacking, but it makes that up in replayability. Whenever you die, you jump into a new map, and it's not just some jumbled mess. The procedurely generated maps seem to work very well, with varied ways to get from one room to the next.The soundtrack is pretty rad, and is probably half the reason I enjoy the game. Much like how the music in DOOM can keep you enticed much longer than just the gameplay.There does seem to be a lack of variance in enemy types, as either they're punching you or shooting at you...but honestly, it's varied enough that it keeps you on your toes.If you REALLY want to get a taste as to why the game is called STRAFE, play the arena mode. You get up to 10 rounds to try to shoot your way through to survival, and it really gets hairy at some points.One thing I felt was lacking was speed of the game. It...felt rather slow. The enemies moved slowly, bullets moved slowly, everything...was just slow. For new guys, though, it may be just right. I have spent ample time in games like Serious Sam where speed and strafing means everything, so it's moreso that I'm just used to it, unchallenged.TL;DRThe game is fun and the music is enjoyable. Feels a little slow, however. If you want to relive the 90s, look somewhere else. If you want to enjoy a game that has some elements of old school shooters while also incorporating current age technology, this game might just be for you."
,Recommended,442780,31773742,Posted: 15 May,all,Spooks,"I didn't back this on kickstarter and picked it up mainly due to the rogue like premise and I have to say it delivers what it promises to deliver.Gameplay is hard at first, with the first zone not exactly being the best introduction to the game but having now made several runs where I've made it to the third and fourth zones I have to say it's pretty enjoyable once they start throwing a nice variety of enemies into the mix.A lot of the complaints about health don't really make sense since you can avoid pretty much all damage as long as you stay alert when you're playing (this is a roguelike after all).So yeah, not amazing or anything but a lot of the negative reviews are outright lying."
76561198049065464,Recommended,442780,31683397,Posted: 11 May,all,Organic_Produce,"Personally not much of a roguelike gamer but have been getting into quake and doom recently. Wasn't too difficult to beat after spending time with it, great soundtrack and overall alot of fun to play. Developers are already working on improving it which is good enough for me considering its excellent current state."
,Recommended,442780,31750054,Posted: 14 May,all,Jet Black,"I'm not going to lead by saying this game is definitely for you. What I am going to do is tell you why I enjoy it, and if I hit on some points that you think you would enjoy as well, perhaps you've stumbled upon a game you will also enjoy.For me the main draw is the combat. When I was a kid playing the original Doom, I would often replay the first level over and over just for the gunplay (and also because it was shareware and only the first level was open ;) ). What keeps bringing me back to STRAFE® is the satisfaction of pulling the trigger, and laying waste to hundreds of hideous monsters. The AI isn't particularly sophisticated, nor are the monster-types broad in scope, but they are what you would expect: Melee monsters, like zombies, tracking you down through thick-and-thin to kill you. Armed monsters who can shoot while tracking you down, or who sometimes prefer range (provided they have line of sight). Monsters with lots of hitpoints that you wonder if you will ever be able to kill!Part of my enjoyment are the little things that Pixel Titans included. The aesthetics are obviously cool. The levels were instantly recognizable to me and fun to blast through. Also cool is that enemies take environmental and weapon damage from other monsters. Plus the fact that the devs went all-in with the menus and sounds to make this really seem like a 20 year old title.As for the Rogue-like (or lite, or whatever) elements, here is a quick rundown of what you get:Procedurally generated levels (likely my favourite feature)A weapon upgrade system (machine per level with an option to upgrade. Some good, some less so.)A way to collect pieces during gameplay to rebuild a teleporter to begin farther ahead (not obvious at first)Two currencies to collect throughout with a workbench to craft weapons or shields with one, and a shop towards the end of each area with fancier upgrades.Random powerups which last through a run.You have a choice of three iconic weapons at the beginning, plus several throwaway weapons along the way (which are powerful and can be wasted or reserved depending on your preference). And that is basically it. The rest is just a nice bunch of shooting.So if that seems too simple and you were hoping for a larger amount of persistent progress, maybe you'll be disappointed. If you don't mind starting a game and just blasting your way through bad guys to see how far you can get, rinse and repeat, then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,442780,31811610,Posted: 17 May,all,JIGRON,"[Edit: MILLENNIUM EDITION UPDATE BETA]The Millennium Edition update BETA brought in a lot of changes that the community requested (most notably the save feature), added new enemies and level segments, some fun unlockable gameplay modifiers, and many other gameplay adjustments.STRAFE feels more balanced with this update with many of the more 'nerfy' weapon mods getting a needed change, as well as the enemy ability and variety being bolstered. The game is starting to feel a lot more rounded, that's for sure.So far the beta has been pretty bug-free aside from minor some audio glitches.If you're thinking about getting this game after seeing the update, now is the best time to get STRAFEQuick Notes:This game should probably be in early accessDevs are HIGHLY active, and passionate about the gameTight controls, great music, and great artBunny hopping, air strafing, weapon damage boosting is all featured in the game. (Feels like Source engine but a bit faster)3 starting weapons - You find mods for them throughout levels, essentially turning them into different weapons (ie, the shotgun has a triple grenade launcher mod, the gauss rifle has a burst fire laser mod) and a bunch more unique weapons that you find in the levelsEven though there's a tutorial there's stillA LOTyou have to learn for yourselfFans of Tower of Guns & Ziggurat will be at home in STRAFE. Fans of competitive FPS games like CSGO, TF2, and Overwatch will enjoy the fast, twitch aiming gameplay. This game is a passion project through and through, and the devs are clearly invested in the game and the community. The devs have squashed bugs on launch day and are closely watching the concerns of the community.I expect there to be some content updates in the future, probably new levels and game modes. (Speculation)Not really a review but i hope someone finds this usefulThis game rules"
,Not Recommended,442780,31651801,Posted: 9 May,all,SexualRhinoceros,"Was drawn in by the hype surrounding it expecting a fast pace Serious Sam like game with a roguelike progression system but instead got something much worse, as if the developers wanted to make a game that has the downsides to both types of games.This is all beside the fact that the game is currently plagued by bugs such as new rooms appearing invisible till you walk inside them, enemies in other rooms being near omnipotent and seeing you before you see them,  horrible frame drops, and simply not being able to collect scrap (the main currency in the game).Finally, I was expecting a charming art style with a doom feeling but instead got something that just felt like a 13 year old's attempt at a Minecraft texture pack.Don't recommend, suggest passing unless the devs completely rewrite the game"
76561197992197374,Recommended,442780,31690570,Posted: 11 May,all,🌽FoldableHuman🌽,"Do I recommend STRAFE®? Yes. Absolutely yes.While my first day impressions were positive with a few caveats, within 36 hours the small dev team managed to push out a patch that addressed almost all of my criticisms (and a few criticisms that turned out to be bugs).It’s a great little merger of 90s shooter aesthetics and feel with modern procedural roguelike design. While the whole isn’t free of glitches or balance issues, the underlying core gameplay and world is immensely fun with a very satisfying learning curve and push-pull between cautiously crawling from room to room and confidently bouncing across crowds as you mow down the killer hordes.Includes an additional horde mode, MURDERZONE.EXE, that’s both an addictive challenge in its own right, and a great place to experiment with the game’s many, many items and weapons."
,Not Recommended,442780,33717756,Posted: 22 July,all,chino_came_home,"Before I begin, watch through the cheesy faux commercial made to convey the Strafe experience.Notice how the kid enthusiastically spits out dated slang like ""Sick!"" and ""So tight!"" as he blasts away? Notice the literally mindblowing sensation had by his heedless younger brother? That's the feeling that Pixel Titans would have us believe is at the core of the Strafe, the same feeling we'd had playing Quake, Quake 2, and many other classic 90s FPS.But it isn't.I didn't find myself gleefully discovering new worlds and boldly fragging their denizens like I had as a kid. Instead, I found myself hissing ""come on"" and ""give me a break"", not to mention countless curses after repeated deaths and restarts. The reason behind this is that the game isn't as much of a throwback in terms of gameplay as it presents. No, Strafe boldly attempts to meld the classic corridor shooter appearance with rogue-like ""procedural"" randomization. Trying to evoke the quality of the classic shooters while doing so with randomized gameplay elements is a very tall order, especially when such a form of game has only been tentatively attempted (Ziggurat and Sublevel Zero come to mind) .At least the premise is fittingly simple. You're a prospector/mercenary in space. You explore slightly randomized locales (basically pre-made chunks of levels randomly smushed together), kill anything that moves, and loot delicious scrap from their dismembered bodies as currency. You pick one of three weapons at the start (railgun, shotgun or SMG) which can be upgraded through the aforementioned scrap, which is also used to purchase powerups like shields or health pickups. After every few levels you reach a store which sells different upgrades, much like in many other rogue-lites on Steam. What happens when you die? Hard luck. Start again from the very beginning.Superficially, Strafe visually resembles its revered predecessors, but playing the game reveals an experience that belies the game's charmingly dated presentation and promise. It often comes across as not so much challenging, but cheap and unfair.The game's balance sucks. Weapons feel and sound weak. Powerups are expensive and scarce. Weapon and character upgrades were initially unlabeled and unexplained. The enemy designs also suck: One enemy doesn't make any noise, allowing for confusing damage that seems to come out of nowhere; another hangs on the ceiling and spits out alarmingly permanent acid; other enemies fire at you with ludicrous accuracy; and finally come the late level behemoths that take (and dish out - oh yes) insane amounts of punishment. Seemingly minor, but even more grating: walls open up willy-nilly to unveil packs of enemies - sometimes in areas you've already cleared!In one instance, I came down a set of stairs only to find a wall sliding open to reveal a gang of nasties. Okay, so I backed up the stairs I'd just come down to give myself some breathing room. Only to find another wall to my right opening up, two uglies rushing out to block my path, and a mobile turret merrily blasting away at me while the aforementioned uglies beat chunks out of me from all sides. (Before you do the crotch chop and holler ""GIT GUD"", I'd point out that that meme is often associated with the Dark Souls series: a polar opposite to Strafe in many ways.)I've played through Rise of The Triad, Doom, Quake, Shadow Warrior, Blood, and Quake 2. In those games, you moved, shot, picked up ammo and powerups without a moment's doubt or confusion. There was always a spontaneity to the experience. If an ambush was coming (say, in the form of a dimly lit room within the center of which lay a tasty pickup), it was obvious. The role of weapons and pickups were obvious. If you died, you learned the level's design, enemy places, and tried again. Simple.In fact, even with a rogue-lite action game, you should also feel yourself getting better the more you play, and find a rhythm or playing style that makes the experience automatic. Recall Nuclear Throne, which is tough, but never less than balanced. Or, more pertinently, Ziggurat, which rewards players for experimenting with different characters and weapons.Ironically, in Strafe, even with randomized enemy locations and randomized level layouts, I felt as though I were being forced into playing one way: cautiously and slowly. Instead of circling around enemies and blasting away with reckless abandon (as the title painfully promises you'll do), I found the best way to play was to stand in one spot, and gun down enemies as they showed up, or snipe them from afar. Perhaps a more apropos title would've been ""Camp"".It's as if the creators of Strafe wanted to blend the best of today with the best of the past, but mixed them in a remarkably unsatisfying fashion. While the procedurally generated levels grant each playthrough a short-lived sense of variety, they're nowhere close to matching the handcrafted mastery evinced in Strife, Outlaws, or Id Software's classic offspring. They copied the classic weapons but somehow left out the requisite punch. The music at least tries, but still lacks the catchiness of songs from Doom, Duke Nukem and Quake 2.At best, the game is somewhat addictive, but my accumulated playtime after several weeks is telling: 8 hours. The final straw was falling through the floor in the final zone and realizing that only dumb luck had helped me make it through that time. And I really hope that this wasn't some sort of intentional throwback, but go figure. I didn't have the heart for attempt... 40? Or  was it 60?What makes playing Strafe frustrating is that with some heavy tweaks, it could've been satisfying. The problem is, you'd have to move away from the developer's vision for the game and really have it make us feel the way we felt when we played the classics: like super-soldiers effortlessly slaying hordes of nasties.In conclusion, learn what I hadn't: Don't buy into the hype, don't give into retro charm, and don't pre-order."
,Recommended,442780,31716794,Posted: 12 May,all,Knux,"The time played as of this writing is wrong by 8 maybe 10 hours.Like most things, STRAFE is best appreciated on its own terms and none other.  The pace is not frantic, but rather a careful balance of elegant chaos and planned mania.There's a lot of complexity to the gameplay when you look for it.  The enemy AI is just the right level of smart, coupled with just the right level of dumb.  Learning the interplay of AI, environment, and gore is a joy.I think the most striking thing about STRAFE is that when the going gets nuts, it never looks cluttered, confused, ambiguous, or flatly bad.  Personally I find the entire look of the game to be serene.  I think that without the gore ratcheted as high as it is, the game would no longer look serene.  It would also play differently, and certain enemies would lose their menace.There's an impressive bit of storywork, despite all storytelling being restricted to environment and environment only.  Surfaces are rough, not even, and the whole environment breathes.It might have been sold as fast-paced, but I find a 2.5 hour run to be about the right amount of time to beat the game and truly savor every inch of it.  Sort of like how I can run through Metroid Prime in 4 hours without even trying, but I always take the 20 hours necessary to read every single log entry in the game and get every item possible before each boss fight.So if you're up for a well made, well thought-out, decently hard, and strikingly beautiful videogame to savor and swear at,   STRAFE is well worth the $20."
,Recommended,442780,31772423,Posted: 15 May,all,Savage Salvador,"First attempt at the game and i could not get past the first level, eventually i conquered the first level, but died after entering the second level, just today i made it to level 3. My point is, this game is a great challenge and the gibs of the enemies sticking to walls and ceiling then slowly falling/sliding off is pretty insane. It's probably good the graphics are like an arcade game because if they were too much more realistic, then those of the weak stomaches could not enjoy this bloody game.I personally love this game and I have had it for 3 days now. It is quite an amazing experience but it forces you to get better in order to reach the end of the game. No difficulty settings but the game deserves a solid 10/10 for the gore and maybe a 9/10 for the gameplay."
,Recommended,442780,33585486,Posted: 16 July,all,Ocratech,"I like Strafe. It's a good game and I play it to unwind.But it was marketed badly.It was promoted as some sort of 90's FPS, and apart from the graphics, that's not really the case. At all. It plays nothing like Quake or Doom or Goldeneye or Duke Nukem 3D. It sort of looks like something between Quake and Quake II's low-polygon worlds, but that's where the 90's style ends.It's a quirky FPS with strong roguelike elements and a steep learning curve. The levels are generated from a series of predefined rooms and corridors, and there's a strong element of randomness in the powerups, upgrades, pickups, and even weapons you find.Strafe is quite difficult. Enemies are relentless, they come at the player in hordes, they do a lot of damage, and their AI is apt at finding alternative routes to cut off players and ambush them. Additionally, health packs (in the form of food dispensers) are extremely rare. The player must pick up ""scrap"", the game's currency, from fallen enemies and broken crates in order to craft shields and ammo, but even the crafting machines are rare and the cost of crafting items is quite steep. But I enjoy it immensely and find it very challenging.The game's problems are that it's not what people were expecting, it's very tough on newcomers, and the game does little to explain how its various random mechanics work. If you're coming to it expecting a 10-hour campaign wrapped in a 90's FPS, you'll be disappointed. If you're looking for something different and challenging and you enjoy rougelike, random elements that require countless playthroughs to master, then Strafe will be right up your street. I love it and I recommend it, but with a few caveats and only to a specific audience."
76561198028257716,Recommended,442780,31759806,Posted: 14 May,all,j.v.matthews,"I am playing this game in the same way I'd play Angband, but in a first-person perspective and with guns. Under those circumstances, the game is really quite a lot of fun. The bits that make it fun for me:- Decent first-person shooter mechanics- Randomly generated maps, with familiar parts- Discovering what the different weapons/items areI first played Rogue back in 1992 -- 25 years ago -- and this does evoke some of the original mystery and challenge of that first rogue-like experience in my life. ""What's going on? How do I avoid that next time? What can I do to maximize my success?"" That's what STRAFE is asking you to do, but from the first-person perspective and with guns."
76561198041803539,Not Recommended,442780,31652373,Posted: 9 May,all,THE GROUND QUAKES!,"The games less about rip & tear as it is about avoiding all chip damage since theres basically no health or armour pickupsThere's fall damage, the fun weapons have self damage, enemies are completely silent and will hit you the instant you open a doorPickup weapons are all way more fun than the default ones and bizarrely lose all their ammo if you switch awayAt least the upgrade robits do the macarena"
,Recommended,442780,31652262,Posted: 9 May,all,omgwot,"This game is fantastic. I want to talk about who this game is for and what this game does very well.A lot of people are looking for the next Doom/Quake clone and were hoping Strafe will scratch that itch. While the presentation (graphics, sound, movement) is thematically consistent, this game is NOT a Doom-clone. Strafe is a roguelike, a damn good one at that. This means it has all of the elements of a roguelike you'll find in other similar games:- Game is extremely hard if you don't get a good run- Levels are randomly generated and some are easier than others- You'll be fighting a lot of the same enemies- You need to conserve health and ammoThere's a lot of interesting ideas here that I think work well but aren't really presented in a very obvious way. Here's what the gameplay boils down to.You start with health, armor, one gun and ammo for that gun. Guns spend ammo and because of the small magazine size you'll be reloading often. You get a limited amount of reloads. If you had three bullets in the gun before you reloaded, you lost three bullets. All guns have an alternate fire which does potential AOE damage. Alternate fire spends more bullets so it's riskier to use but has a high reward if used properly.You go throughout the level fighting enemies. You can make this as easy or hard for yourself as you want. If you take your time, the level difficulty is pretty consistent. If you speed through the level, you'll agro a ♥♥♥♥ ton of mobs and the level becomes harder for you.Throughout the level theres powerups in the form of canisters. If i'm not mistaken, these are permanent powerups which make your character better. Some of these canisters have credits, some have more magazines (which means more reloads), some have increases to your damage or health. Some levels have booths where you can sacrifice your gun for a few seconds, fight empty handed, and when you get it back the gun has a permanent upgrade.If this doesn't sound fun to you, you won't like the game. The game is not Doom and it's not Quake. It is a however, a damn good Strafe. I'm a big fan of this bold game design and I hope the developers don't sway away because of all of the negative criticism.P.S. the gun feedback is just fine, what the ♥♥♥♥ is wrong with people?P.P.S. the game does have some FPS drops that I hope the developers take care of."
76561197995222493,Recommended,442780,31756875,Posted: 14 May,all,[AKn] Tenva,"Big fan of both roguelikes/lites and oldschool shooters, and I'm loving STRAFE right now.Pros:>captures a lot of the old school quake 2 feel once you get past some of the main differences such as much bigger hordes of monsters, permadeath and the gun system (upgradable main weapon with disposable high power side arms).>some really good and sometimes quite unnerving / creepy enemy designs>generally really fun level layouts with lots of hand crafted rooms procedurally bolted together into a maze of death. Keycards and locked doors etc. are included in this procedural design and monster boxes dont always seem to open the first time you go past, keeping you on your toes!>gore effects are superb and go way beyond what would have been possible back in the day.Cons:>the map is integrated in a cool and immersive way but ultimately it isnt very useful and needs improving>partly as a result of the above issue, and partly as a result of the procedural level design, its possible to get stuck looking for the exit for a while sometimes, only to find you missed a hidden lift in a wall or something.>there is also a horde mode which seems fairly fun but it seems to bug out for me right now so I end up falling into space when going between rooms - needs fixing!"
76561198013209687,Recommended,442780,31654267,Posted: 9 May,all,MuNgLo,"Is it fast paced gorefest? YesIs it a throwback to ye ol games of yonder y'ars? Kindofhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6LvMBYLJsL4(post patch note. game is all around better now and its just a few days after launch)So this was a game I was pretty hyped about since I first learned about it about a year ago. I am sad to say that it has big issues on launch. While the FPS stays pretty consistent on the first area it does stutter as the game negotiate visability/LOD or spawn in stuff. For each area it does get worse as the maps gets bigger and bigger. I hope it will get some love in optimisation now after launch. It should really have been before launch but we will have to wait and see.Gamemechanics are solid. You have 4 stats to increase as you play. Starting from scratch each time. Damage, ammo-capacity, accuracy and fire-rate. The progression is somewhat slow but steady. While some will whine about small magasines on the weapons that is by design. Once you are at the last area you will have a big enough mag for most situations.While you go through the game you gain scrap and cash. Scrap you can craft to cash, shield or ammo on special stations and cash you spend in shops. So far I've only tried some of the items available. Should take a fair bit of time before you know what everything isd for.There's also a couple of special stations one of which gives your starting gun a random mod. Once I had a shotgun that fired 3 nades each shot. Same thing there as items. Seems to be a a bunch of possible options and it will destroy your run or make it awesome. :DOutside the main gamemode you have a couple of challenge modes. There will be daily, weekly challenges in the future to I believe. What is lacking is the option to play a certain seed as is really needed for serious speedruns. What is left is more timeattacks then speedruns as the latter really shines in optimisation over thousands of collective hours.So do I recommend the game? Well kind of. It is a fun game with a rocky launch. If you think it sounds fun and have a beefy computer I would say get it. If your computer isn't beefy you might be better of waiting for a couple of patches. I died on the last boss right before I wrote this and I won't be going back until I see some information about performance increases. Whole fourth area was sub 40 frames for me and a lot even sub 30. If it wheren't a new game and I wanted to see what is around the next corner I wouldn't kept playing.So TL:DRGame is good and delivers of what they say. The performance on launch is really bad so you are probably better of waiting a couple of patches. Even with the bad performance it is by far the best rouge-lite FPS game out there.So I recommend it but with the caveats mentioned above."
,Recommended,442780,34005740,Posted: 3 August,all,Amaterasu's Bitch,"I don't get what all the hate's about.  I'm personally having quite a bit of fun with this game.  Challenging, fun, and fast-paced.  As you progress through the level, you're faced with a wider variety of enemies of varying difficulty.I also like the robot thing that does a little dance as the machine he's in upgrades your weapon."
,Not Recommended,442780,31653545,Posted: 9 May,all,Butane,LOL! The duck and cover game of 1996. I knew this game would be a fail especially from the dev's sh !tty attitude towards criticism. Not even worth $5The only thing worse than the game are the delusional devs. They've conveniently moved all non-fanboy discussion here:http://steamcommunity.com/app/442780/discussions/1/
,Not Recommended,442780,31655908,Posted: 9 May,all,[NPGC]SnoopCZ,"Cool but...I'd rather just go and play Wasted which has better cohesion of presentation and gameplay, the weapons feel meatier and it has just as strong character as Strafe. Also, it doesn't spin up my GTX 1080 so loud I have to wear headphones so my hearing doesn't get damaged despite ocasionally falling down to 25 fps. I guess it is truly the most realistic game ever made after all.Returning Strafe and probably buying it once it will be on sale (which is - feeling the pain with the devs but considering the initial reviews - going to be rather sooner than later)PS: I have made it out of Icaros :P overlooking the difficulty of the game the weapons just don't feel as powerful as they should, considering this is ""ultraviolent"" fps. Some enemies just stop and fall to the ground when hit by a shotgun, which just feels SO weak, not mentioning the sounds of the weapons. They sound more like BB guns than killing machines.Truth be told I really wanted to like this game - and there is a lot to like, such as the movement and the retro graphics of the game. The reason I'm returning it is because I simply already have a very similar game in my library, which is in my opinion better - at least in this state."
76561198024587790,Recommended,442780,34473019,Posted: 24 August,all,The War Maiden,"TL;DR It's good, really good but not what people think, not doom or Quake.As soon as I saw the trailer I was in love but I hesitated for a while because of people saying negative things. I finally got it and oh my God it is amazing!Firstly it's not Doom or Quake or even a love letter to what you think classic games should be and not what those weird quirky adds showed it to be.Here is what it is-A procedural level shooter that is confusing and stressful at times. It has issues with pase in that it is either all the way up or all the way down. At times the game just drops to dead quiet and nothing is explained as you run out of enemies or walk past a hidden foe several times only to have them attack when you are half way across the room. It's Brutal and there is no story which is unfortunate but in spite of this it is still somehow an amazing and addictive shooter. It plays, well-good graphics, smooth controls, relatively straight forward. Run into a room and start shooting, don't stop untill you find the exit terminal and make your escape to the next level. There are some random intermediary objectives sometimes like finding a battery or a key card or a severd head to open a door and that is honestly the biggest buzz kill in the whole game since they can be hidden in plain sight in the splattered environments you create while dispatching foes.Overall it's amazing, just remember this, its a shooter and a good one, let it take you on a journey of it's own, it's not a classic shooter love letter so level your expectations."
,Recommended,442780,35431959,Posted: 2 October,all,Hupfen,"Admittedly, I never had a problem with the release version of the game. Not the best FPS or roguelike I've played, but enjoyable enough to be my longest-running Let's Play game.The Millennium Edition, though, is a definite improvement. Weapons feel more balanced, modifiers range from fun to frustrating (as they should), game feels easier in some ways and harder in others. Turns it from ""yeah, it's nice"" to ""actually, it's good"". Plenty of ways it still could improve (more shop items, more set pieces, more progression mechanisms) but at this stage it's solid enough for a thumbs up."
,Not Recommended,442780,31650713,Posted: 9 May,all,"Haki ""Grey-Röck"" Belegarssøn 👉🤛","God damnit.STRAFE is one of my most anticipated games of the year, and it ♥♥♥♥ing sucks to say this, but so far, I find it incredibly disappointing:- Reload mechanic: it doesn't have place in an old school shooter, that's it. Combined with the large amount of enemy and the hunt for ammo, instead of making you feel powerful like Serious Sam, it just makes the combat flow like♥♥♥♥♥- Weapons: no no no no no no WHY WHY WHY, WHY??? You only have one primary weapon that you have to depend on in one run, but NONE of them feels good. Shotgun sucks damage wise and its fire rate feels awkward, machine gun's too unreliable with its spread and mag size (you can make it a bit more tolerable by getting a mod that decrease fire rate but stabilize spread), railgun's sound sucks balls. In fact, all gun sound suck.- Bullet impact is so-so, gore is only okay.- Sound design is inconsistent, sometimes enemies just won't make any sound until they hit you. Imagine if you get flanked like that.- Most levels so far are plain, too tight, don't flow well with your fast movement speed.Good things:- Top-notch soundtrack- Movement is fast and fluid despite the lack of air controlTake my review with a grain of salt, but as someone who has incredibly high hope for STRAFE, it sure didn't deliver at all in the first hours. It just doesn't feel old school, it feels like several modern mechanics stitched together under old school graphics, the result is a game that really doesn't have its own identity aside from its humor."
,Not Recommended,442780,31653533,Posted: 9 May,all,xFEARGASMx,"wow.  what a disappointment.enemies just run at you. or run and shoot at you. this forces you to play in a boring ""wait around the corner till the enemies come"" type of way. nothing like they advertised.you can only have one REAL weapon. the other weapons you can pick up run out of ammo in a few shots.the game has random glitch's some of the enemies get stuck on railings. the fps dips randomly. i even fell through the map.controller doesn't work at all unless you bind all the buttons to kb/m keys, despite the store page and game options saying it has controller support.all and all very ""meh"" game.   i wouldn't pick this title up unless they fix all the bugs and its on sale for 5$.4/10. 5-6/10 if/when they fix all the bugs."
76561197980257565,Not Recommended,442780,31652559,Posted: 9 May,all,"Not Satan, I Promise","This game fails to give a feeling like old fps games like DOOM and Quake as it forces overly defensive gameplay that mostly consists of walking backwards as enemies rush you in a line. The lack of health and armor pickups makes this problem worse as you are forced to take on enemies on one at a time lest you take damage that cannot be recovered due to the aformentioned lack of pickups. The weapons selection is limited as it appears that you can only collect ammo for your starter weapon and only get one magazine for others you pick up. This forces you to largely only using the first weapon for much of a run which gets old quick. The generated levels are bland and lifeless, being mostly different boxes and rectangles taped together. The enemy AI is brain dead with all of them, even the ranged ones, running toward to player to get hits on them. This game attempts to dress itself in the clothes of old school fps games but fails to replicate the quick, frantic combat, the well thought out levels, and the smartly designed enemies. I would not recommend this game at all."
76561198026682758,Recommended,442780,31775701,Posted: 15 May,all,Blodyavenger,"I'm running through the Episode 2 - Level 3Night, storm!Enemies are falling in from all sides, I fight!Lightnings are striking, dark sillhouetes are moving around me in the darkness.I'm left with 6 HP and 0 ammo, I run!Enemy jumps on me and I smash the empty rocket launcher on its head.More enemies start to follow me, I find some explosive boomstick andtear them apart leaving me with a 4 HP.There are more enemies around in the darkness.Now I'm on my way to the alien ship!I grab the high-level-proton-fuel-something andrun to the tunnel - my escape route!High-level-proton-fuel-something is beeping fast,is it going to explode? Will I make it?Thing is planted, I'm waiting for the ""BOOM"",my heart beating not knowing what's on the other side.BOOOOOOOOOOOOOMI'm trying to clear my sight from the smoke.There it is, the exit and my final nemessis - A GLUTTON!!What a joke, a Glutton! I fought golems, harvesters and beat Icarus, this thing can't hurt me!I run to the exit, aim and fire my high-tech boomstick at the poor guy.Aimed too low, FIRED! Blood is feeling my eyes while exit and my finalnemesis are disappearing.10/10 - I'll be back my nemesis!Although game might indeed have some bugs and performance issues at this very moment,  this won't change the fact the game is really great! Of course we can't compare STRAFE to old classiscs in the sense of the gameplay since it's a Rogulike - random encounters, levels, pickups, even difficulty. You need to understand this in order to enjoy the game:- hard to regain health- lack of ammunition- lots of enemy surprises- dying, dying, dying, dying...Yes, that's part of the rules, that's what makes the game fun! It's that ANOTHER run that may be your victory, it's that ANOTHER run where you will defeat your nemesis glutton, it's that ANOTHER run where you might live your action moment, it's that ANOTHER run where you will make more progress.You are meant to die, you are meant to run around with an empty shotgun and you are meant to experiment!If you can't understand this or if you don't like this then most likely this is not the game for you. Don't expect it to be easy, this is not Quake nor Doom. It is one of the rare games in Roguelike genres that I like (and it's FPS on top of it!)CONS- at this moment it can have some performance issues (patches are making it better though)- before patches I fell through the ground...is this fixed?- some additional descriptions are missing (eg. you never know when secret was found)- from my side, this is basically it! Better performance would be a big plus!In any case, there is not even a week from release and 2 patches were out. Obviously developers are working hard to fix everything we are suffering.20$? Worth it, totally! Not sure? Wait for the 2$ discount and get it for 18$!"
76561197998587957,Not Recommended,442780,31655797,Posted: 9 May,all,bulldog0890,"I was super hoping this would be what it was advertised as...but sadly its not. Its absolutely baffling to me that they would include a reloading mechanic that discards extra bullets. For one thing, the games this is advertising itself as being based on DID NOT have reloading...at all. Also, secondary fire on weapons is based off the ammo in your current mag and ammo is scarce. So if you don't have enough to use secondary fire, you have to either throw away your ammo to get a fresh mag, or just ignore secondary fire options. Again, this really clashes with how it billed itself as a fast paced quake like shooter.Also, most combat really just boils down to walking backwards and shooting down a corridor. there really isn't all that much strafing involved...interestingly enough.Enemies are often super annoying because their movements make no noise at all. So you very often get hit from the sides or behind a few times before you realize whats even happening. The lack of enemy noise is just odd.On top of all of this, the guns just don't feel that good. It often feels like you're using an airsoft rifle or something. they just lack real bang.Finally, performance. I'm on a gtx 980 ti, and I find the performance to be all over the place. I jump between about 60 fps and 500 fps or so. I haven't tried using the ingame vsync, but the universal vysnc option in the nvidia control panel doesn't seem to do much of anything.Sadly, I would not recommend this game in its current state, and I so wish that I could have."
,Recommended,442780,34027780,Posted: 4 August,all,Bangkok Dangerous,"When I bought this game I was a bit put off by the mixed reviews. But am I glad I went ahead and bought the game.Pros:Roguelike DoomRandomly Generated LevelsDifficultAmazing soundtrack and art styleCons:I have no cons for the game at the momentThe tutorial in this game is unmatched. I have not played a tutorial that made me laugh in such a long time. The tutorial is there to make fun of you and explain the salvage system and that's it.Also I love the option ""Make Strafe look worse"". In a time of games having such high end graphics, it's nice to see a game make fun of itself for it's 90's grade graphics."
,Recommended,442780,31938579,Posted: 24 May,all,-=CB=- D00M,"Fantastic once it gets going, Perm death makes you play on the edge of your seat. However there are alot of sections where the best tatic is to back peddle and blow stuff up down corridors.Collecting teleporter parts means you can skip boring sections on your next playthrough although you need 2 parts by the looks of things and can only ever apply one at a time.Dont know what people are complaining about in terms of weapon feel and punch, machinegun feels great!"
,Recommended,442780,31729569,Posted: 13 May,all,Ghostwolf_,"dont get me wrong i like strafe, but i think it could have used a bit more time in the oven. maybe even benifitted from a beta period. to fish out some bugs and issues that the game currently has pre-launch.tl;dr: wait till some patches come around and fix most issues with the game, or get it on sale for ~10$.rather than fully reviewing the game, im gonna go over issues i have encoutered and thinks that i think could e changed for the better, in the hope of contributing to pushing the game i enjoy into a better spot.bugs:shops and despensers not always giving you the purchased items. takes your scrap or credits gives you nothing in return.sometimes unable to pickup scrapframerate drop in MURDERZONE.EXE when the room starts to fill up with gibshighscores not registering on MUDERZONE.EXE (best always states 0/10 etc...)enemies stuck in wall, which is specially annoying in the athena area where the area is locked untill you kill all enemies. forcing you to use the overwrite. which is super slow.reload animation being much longer when auto-reloading then when pressing the reload key (hit 0/6 ammo try to shoot and it will auto reload in ~ 1 second, but when at 0/6 ammo and upon pressing reload it wil reload in ~0.4 second)the first of the bugs being the most annoying, since i spend ~12000 scrap on a full armor only to recieve nothing. or spend 175 of my credits and not getting an item is pretty annoying.the rest are gameplay parts that i feel could use some polish or rework.the mapthis thing is useless. i cant make anything out on it. no way to navigate it without running myself into acid a 100 times and killing my self in the process.the item inventorysame issue as the map its impossible to navigate.weapon upgradesthe variety of possible upgrades is fairly small, about ~6 per weapon. (3 primary and 3 secodary). and there is no way to choose between the 2, say i want to keep my secondary but i no longer want my primary. i cant do this. either i remove both. or keep both. id like to see some options for this.additionally the accuracy upgrade seems fairly useless, and if you happen to get it there is no way to convert it to damage, magazine size or fire rate. (altough i mainly use the shotgun so that might be why) id like to see more encounters for options rather then the box which you have to shoot for a random one. giving me more choice in how my playthrough goes.weapon switchingid like a hotkey to select my main weapon, rather then to have to slowly scroll through all the weapon i have picked up. (i tend to save them for when i really need them) so maybe each weapon is assiged a number or some slot system with each slot its own key so i can switch between them better.itemsitems actually feel ok, but id like to see more random item drops like the teleporter parts as a part of the dungeon. maybe an optional boss room were you can get a free item or something.and some items feel kinda weak, and unintresting. a somewhat larger assortment of intresting items would be nice. and them being more frequent.the item that lets you quickly dash through double tapping could use a key to use it into the direction you are currently moving. since having to let go of my forward key to spring forward is a bit counter intuitive.there is no way to get rid of items you no longer want, say the one that turns every empty magazine into a grenade can become quite annoying, no way to turn this off.MURDERZONE difficultyim stuck with what i unlock, i cant turn things off or on. say i want to play without items but with barrels and stuff right now i have to play with both, i cant turn them off once i unlocked them. and there is no endless mode or way of setting my own difficulty.also the secondary fire seems really op since i have infinite ammo in muder zone, so i can just spam that a 100% of the time rather then actually shot them.level generationif like to see more rooms, cause i feel like ive seen most of them. atleast in icarus. everytime the same opening, the same backtracking for keycard locked doors etc.. i think the backtracking for keycards kinda sucks it kills the game pace. id like to keeprunning and gunning but i cant gotta go do some go obtain x item errand.acidhazards are fine, no problem obvious and not all over the place. but this♥♥♥♥♥♥ its every were it drains hp super fast and i cant even see it because of all the blood stains. can we change this to last ~30 seconds to 1 minute and then go away till some alien spits some more acid all over the place. its just an annoyance, not something intresting to play around with. especially when backtracking which i have to do a 100% of the time because i cant use the freaking map. i just lose hp and shield because i didnt see a small spot of acid which comes in 4 colors and that can kill a playthrough.i feel like that are most of them, ill try to add more as i find them.EDIT:MURDERZONE.EXE has major performance issues when creating gibs. whenever you kill an enemy the game will reduce to ~5 fps and after 1-2 seconds go back to normal. noticed this heavely on the athena map. (hub 1, using shotgun) additionally the doors on this map allow the player to see through the world, and rendering the main hub from the other rooms tends to glitch.and seems the spawn the same enemies as in the icharus zone, with only a few enemies from the athena zone. id like to see more of the robot spiders and stuff.."
,Recommended,442780,35455810,Posted: 3 October,all,ParksandRekt,"If you asked me ""are there any games that are like a rogue-like quake?"" i'd probably say Immortal Redneck.That being said, this game isn't bad at all. In fact it's pretty damn good.It's still very enjoyable and charming in it's own way.+Gameplay is fast paced (when not looking for keycards)+Good music+Intense moments+Starter guns can have basic upgrades and random variants+Can pick up any gun that you find+Shooting limbs off enemies is really satisfying+The humor is okay+Strafe jumping is a thing+Level map is aviable-Reloading your weapon can really draw you out of the moment especially since this is designed to replicate early 90's shooters (which are typically known to lack reloading machanics)-The only gun that can recieve ammo and can be upgraded is the starting weapon-Can be hard to find keycards in piles of limbs and debris-While strafe jumping is a thing, it can be clunky and unnecessary do to the tight corridorsI still really like the game and all the negatives are kind off nitpicks on the overall design of the game. LIke reloading is really only a thing because you can find upgrades for the clip size.Overall 7.9/10Would be interesting to see a game like this to have specifically designed levels instead of RNG mechanics.P.S. The only time I write lengthy reviews is when I really don't think the game deserves as much flak as it should."
,Recommended,442780,31664002,Posted: 10 May,all,گᖾއᑯວ,"Just Chill, Research before you buy...I have been waiting for this game for awhile and to me the current state of the game for DAY 1 is positive despite some performance issues and bugs.TO THOSE WHO KNOW WHAT THEY ARE BUYING:- FPS: framerate never drop during action, only happens when ending the level and getting in the elevator to load next level.- BUG: I have fallen under the level once in the MURDERZONE mode because of a glitched door.- BUG: Missing Item descriptions? (FIXED IN NEW PATCH) Thanks Dev :)Other than that i have no problem with the game and i find it very fun and the soundtrack is amazing.https://toytree.bandcamp.com/releases"
76561198004816277,Recommended,442780,31672216,Posted: 10 May,all,yo mang 24,"Immediate things the developers can do to improve the experience- cheaper health/shields, louder gun sounds, bug fixes.I am enjoying the game but I understand the dislike.Avoid if you are looking for a straight up old school shooter.Play if you enjoy game modes like Gears of War Horde mode or Terrorist Hunt on Rainbow Six in that you can handle randomness and don't really care if you can win or not.This is a game you can spend a mindless 15 minutes in- or you could spend hours trying to master it.I think people would have enjoyed it more if there was a campaign set levels and the rougelike stuff was an additional mode. The randomness can be a lot of fun at times but unfair in certain circumstances.Overall, I'm happy I picked the game up and hope the devs continue to patch the areas that need work."
76561197984188578,Not Recommended,442780,31649996,Posted: 9 May,all,LANDWARRIOR,"Sadly i can not recommend this game. Why did they limit the game to only being able to use 1 gun at a time? It feels so limited. I want to change guns depending on the situation. The devs are trying to create a classic shooter but one of the biggest part of those games were the large variety in the weapons. If you're going to be using a single gun throughout the whole game, at least make it feel really good, sadly they feel like peashooters. Some of the so called ""upgrades"" are straight up worse than the default weapons. On top of all that, the game has reloading AND you lose the remaining ammo in the magazine if you reload too early, as if it was a realistic shooter.They are advertising the game to be a fast paced old school shooter but have designed the game to discourage such gameplay. So far the gameplay has consisted of running backwards while mowing down brainless enemies running towards me in a straight line through chokepoints.I am also confused about what era they are trying to emulate. Everything is advertised as 1996 but the soundtrack, some of the videos and many of the UI elements are straight out of the 80s. I also encountered numerous bugs and performance issues. On my second run i fell through the floor, respawned and suddenly all the enemies were frozen. I could walk through the entire game with frozen enemies."
,Recommended,442780,31936902,Posted: 24 May,all,Xter7856,It's a mindless shooter with roguelite aspects and a great tutorial girl. Good timewaster
,Recommended,442780,31712592,Posted: 12 May,all,Tombot,"First impressions will likely be negative for a title like this, minor problems may irratate and the first level is rather bland and if you are not too experienced playing it may bum you out when you die early. But don't get too discouraged, the skill ceiling is not as high as you think and if you're like me you'll really start to press through this game.Areas are very well made and its amazing to think how seamless this game is despite being almost completely randomly assembled, almost no loading screens with both immersive and fascinating level transitions.The amount of secrets and odd little interactions are honestly amazing, for example: one time I bought a feminine hygiene product from a vending machine without realising that I could (friggin' what???).All of the weapons you can find really mix things up and its always handing having a railgun just in case you spot a dangerous enemy at a distance.The first patch already solved many of the issues I had with this game and only a few issues remain. I'll list some of them here:*Barrels are not safe to throw downwards (off ledges etc), most of the time you will hurt yourself with it and destroy most of your armor, just shoot them from a distance.*Enemies make almost no noise when running, or when they see you, or in general really. Even doom monsters made sounds when you can't see them, and that game is a sack of old sacks.*Secrets are so hard to find I swear somthing is up, the only ones I can find involve shooting fuses amd blue veiny rocks but I don't honestly know how to find the others.*Clipping errors at odd spots, enemies shooting me through doors, my nailgun bullets getting stuck on thin air for no reason. There was two times where I jumped down a hatch between levels and just saw nothing but blackness during the level transition.Despite these issues I found the game really enjoyable and I would reccomend it for fans of the shooter and roguelike genres, though I can understand not everyone can handle it as this game can get rather intense."
,Recommended,442780,35458317,Posted: 3 October,all,ThE LeFt CaN't MeMe,"There are weapons.You blow things up.The are lots of blood, some of it looks like Sunny Delight, but you can't actually drink it.You sometimes die (a lot).There's a robot that dances the ""Macarena"".It's a nice game."
,Recommended,442780,35461068,Posted: 3 October,all,SamuraiSTALIN,"Definitely an underrated game. Sure, it's not a perfect interpretation of 90s gaming. It relies a little too much on roguelike elements to be fully considered a 90s FPS. Still, as a fan of those games and of roguelikes, I was absolutely not disappointed. I would wholeheartedly recommend this game to anyone who's a fan of both genres."
,Recommended,442780,35460489,Posted: 3 October,all,excd,"I remember when STRAFE first came out, I saw that incredible trailer from Devlover Digital and was instantly sold, as a massive fan of classic FPS and a lover of Rogue-likes, this game seemed perfect...Sadly, upon seeing the mixed reviews on Steam and reading some of the complaints, I was a bit disappointed and decided not to make a purchase... However...I kept an eye on the updates for the game, there have been a ton of massive updates improving the game in every aspect and addressing much of the issues and complaints from the community.Now with the release of the Millennium Edition, the biggest update yet, and a 50% off sale, I decided it was finally time to give STRAFE a try.Holy hell this game is so much fun. First things first, as many reviews have stated, this game is NOT Quake, or Half-Life, or whatever else you might be imagining from that era. It is an FPS rogue-lite that attempts to mimic the visuals and mechanics of that era. It does not have masterfully hand-crafted levels, but it does have hand-crafted sections of levels that are fairly seamlessly joined together to form some relatively interesting procedurally generated levels with suprisingly decent flow.The gist of STRAFE is that you play through these procedurally generated maps, which move through different episodes, each of which have their own theme, much in the vein of classic id Software games. You kill a lot of enemies, get a lot of upgrades, buy various items like double jump boots, thruster packs, and much more... Most importantly however, you kill lots of enemies, very, very quickly.STRAFE gives you a choice of 1 of 3 main weapons which you can upgrade rapidly throught your run, as well as random secondary weapon drops, all with unique and interesting design, though the secondary weapons do run out of ammo quite fast, you can throw or smack enemies with them after they are depleted, which is awesome.The game is extremely fast paced, it even has pseudo Quake-style bunny hopping which allows you to move around VERY quickly. The enemies have farily simple AI, but it gets the job done. The enemy variety is decent, many of them with unique attacks and requiring different methods to approach and deal with them. The music is pretty good, it does a good job of heightening the intensity. The weapons look and feel great, the sound design is solid, every weapon has good impact to it. The game actually has a really good atmosphere, it even gets kinda spooky later on. The art direction is on point, it looks incredibly reminiscent of games like Quake and Half-Life. The game even has something of a story... Well about as much story as a game like DOOM had, which is perfectly fine for me.The ONLY real complaint I can come up with is that the game does drop frames a little bit for me when a lot is going on, still perfectly playable, but a bit annoying nonetheless. There is a low-fx option that i don't have enabled since I don't feel I really need it, but I'd wish to see a more fleshed out options menu in general.Regardless, the game is fast, exciting, engaging, and does a really good job of capturing the difficulty (did I mention this game is REALLY HARD) and excitement of classic FPS, but with it's own spin.As of writing, I haven't played a ton of the game since I just bought it yesterday, but I have almost beaten it once already. I will update this review with any further details in the future if I find anything more to say about the game, but I really wanted to get a review out because seeing this game at mixed reviews is kind-of a bummer, the devs have put a lot of time and effort into improving this game since launch, and I want it to show."
,Recommended,442780,32762242,Posted: 25 June,all,Sp0nska,"To be fair, I went into this game with incredibly low expectations. But I wasn't disappointed (fortunately). I expected a rogue-like shooter with 90s graphics and fast paced gameplay and thats what I got. On the technical side though, there still are some minor performance issues and I already encountered a gamebreaking bug in only one hour of playtime. Still, the developers are hard at work to improve the game and that deserves appreciation aswell.Overall though, it's probably the best rogue-like FPS I've ever played (and yes, that's putting it over Tower of Guns and Ziggurat, but that's just my opinion) and therefore I recommend it!"
76561198045457528,Recommended,442780,33619138,Posted: 17 July,all,Poisoneggplant9,"Feels like a combination of playing DOOM and FTL. Gameplay is like DOOM, fast-paced explosions and enough spent casings to bury you up to the knee, but the overall feeling is closer to FTL ""I'm going to die horribly, probably because of something I did earlier in the run, but I'm also going to do a little bit better than last time, and maybe find something new"".Overall it's a fun game to play if you have a few minutes to kill and want to make chunky salsa out of zombie hobbit...things(?)"
,Recommended,442780,31651382,Posted: 9 May,all,Landy,idk why they say this is a retro fps i mean you can look up and down
,Recommended,442780,31654970,Posted: 9 May,all,McLovinz ʕಠᴥಠʔ,"Having finally pretty much beat the game (beat the last boss, died on 3hp to a shotgun scientist at the very end), i'm ready to post why this game is much better than the negative reviews let on.Gameplay:As someone said on the forum, this game is like Quake 2 on crack.Do not be fooled by the slow foot movement speed, if you remember that Strafe jumping exists, you can hop around the game at the speed of light.The gunplay is super tight, there's 8 upgrade options for each of the 3 primary guns, and scattered around the game are one-clip weapon drops of rocket launchers, rail guns, SMGs, shotguns, grenade launchers, plasma guns, etc. so you're not likely to get too bored of the guns.Some guns have some cheap sounding effects, but still feel great to pop Gluttons with.On the note that people are complaing about having to ""back up"" from enemies; that's simply a ""you"" problem if that's how it goes. They act like it's unavoidable, but after I started Strafe jumping and becoming more aggressive, the game completely changed for me.Having the shotgun or machinegun with a good upgrade definitely helps with this.I went from constantly dying on Black Canyon (Area 2), to beating the final boss after Area 4 the very next run.Also note that the first Area, Icarus, is a very closed-off area.Once you get passed it, Black Canyon and Burbs are quite spacious.People say this game is rogue-like, or rogue-lite, but after playing for 2 hours straight I lost the feeling that it was like that; the levels felt natural, especially the last two, completely forgetting it was procedural, and the whole ""buying armor"" thing just felt like running around the map frantically for that one Super Armor in a Quake 2 map. You rarely even need to buy ammo; it drops so often and you get so much, it's just armor you need to worry about if you get too hurt.Otherwise, the only things you should be buying are regens, shield, and teleporter parts so you can skip areas.Gameplay is very addicting.Level-design:This is something I usually love to judge in video games.Strafe takes iconic areas from popular old video games like the E1M1 Hangar in DOOM, puts it's own spin on it, and shoves it into it's own level made up of handcrafted rooms procedurally snapped together. Now, that sounds like a poor idea, and in the first chapter you would be right, it's jarring, but please believe me that Acts 2-4 feel completely open and seamless.You would think the game IS hand-made if you didn't die on your first playthrough at all.The art is very nice, it's got that simple pixely Quake 2 look, which I love so much, mixed with a few more extra details like plants, small crates, perk boxes, monitors, chairs, benches, etc.Had it been released in 1996 like it wanted to, Strafe easily would have looked better than any of the titles it claimed it wanted to be.There's appearantly secrets scattered throughout most levels, but they seem to be VERY well hidden; the only way I found out was the ""Secrets"" section on the scoreboard at the end of the level, and a picture someone posted of an incredibly well hidden secret on a computer monitor that I wouldn't think to look at with how fast I was moving and trying not to die.Monster closets litter the levels on an RNG basis, which is kind of the only bad thing about the level design. You could clear 2 rooms, enter the 3rd, a wall breaks in the 1st room as you enter the 3rd full of charging gluttons, and just as you clear the 3rd room you get sneak attacked by a bunch of fat guys in orange jumpsuits. That♥♥♥♥♥♥is DOOM 3-grade unfair. It's a bit easier once you know to listen for the closests opening, but lord almighty is it annoying, and almost had me refund the game considering I abhore DOOM 3 after playing through it on Hard.Level Design gets a pretty big thumbs up, with the only issue being unfair suprise attacks.Music:The music is awesome.I have not heard a single song to me that wasn't blood-pumping, catchy, and downright badass to listen to. People don't like the first track, because it's the one you'll hear the most, but by the gods did they do the music so right. It sounds exactly what you think 1990's soundtracks sounded like back in the day, and it's so good.Music is fantastic.Length:The length of this game depends on what you want to put into it, how skilled you are with FPS games, how lucky you are, and how bored you can get in a procedural game with random chance guns and upgrades.So far i've played 3-4 hours, having beaten the game, and yet I still feel an urge to play it.If you're someone who often revisits Quake, DOOM, Serious Sam, etc. for the fact you want to mindlessly mow down enemies with lots of blood splatter and gore, you'll be hooked on this game for a long time.I can very much say I will get some good playtime out of this, and if they keep good on their word that they'll do free post-release content (maybe another chapter/area), this is going to be counted as an FPS classic in my book.Even though I was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥about dying so easily at the end of my last run, writing this has reminded me that I really, REALLY like this game.Verdict:Holding the idea that this will be EXACTLY Quake or DOOM will be your downfall when coming into this game. It is it's own game with a ton of throwbacks mechanically, level-design-wise, arfully, and in gameplay, but it never copies any of the forementioned games. It does it's own thing which many wont like, but I gave it more of a chance and loved it for what it is.If you can look at this game as a singleplayer FPS arena shooter like Serious Sam or Duke Nukem that just copies the art style, pieces of levels, and some mechanic/gun choices of late 90's games, you will not be disappointed whatsoever with this awesome game.8.5/10 for me."
76561198157495053,Recommended,442780,31673055,Posted: 10 May,all,bigape金剛,"Really good game.Best type of a rogue like shooter, the bunnyhops are awesome the level design is clever you got alot of stuff to discover alot of details im not spoiling anything.But just make the gun sounds more i guess  idk awesome? its beta but its awesome! i reccomend the game and you got what u expect from a rogue like fps shooter dont look at the other bad reviews,prolly some nerds just hatin."
,Recommended,442780,31986747,Posted: 26 May,all,Solid J Mann,Hyper Speed movment:CheckSwarms of Enemies that want to catch these hands:CheckDope soundtrack:Checklasted my first go at 6:13. The game laughed at me i laughed at me.10/10
76561197964679564,Recommended,442780,35428142,Posted: 2 October,all,Trevor Reznik,Buy the gameBuy the soundtrackNever leave 1996
,Recommended,442780,31853976,Posted: 19 May,all,Das SimÜlation,"This is an absolutely great game, another fun Rogue-lite with a steady progression in challenge."
,Recommended,442780,31682466,Posted: 11 May,all,Dr.Wondertainment,"This game is really fun dispite the negative reviews from the people who didnt do the research before buying it. So many people expecting it to be a huge homage to DOOM or QUAKE that they failed to realize that it is it's own game. The Devs have stated that it draws inspiration from DOOM and QUAKE but that they weren't trying to make it a clone. Now about the gameplay.The gameplay is nice if you like the fast paced kind of style where movement and accuracy is key. In this game if you stop moving you will die. That being said, there are some issues I have noticed. Some weapons need rebalancing, for example I find that I play with the Railgun more than the other 2 because it has the highest damage out of the gate. as well as some of the most powerfull upgrades.The shotgun is kinda the medium ground of the 3 I will play with it on rare occaisons. but the machingun is by far the most usless of the 3 unless you get the nail gun upgrade right out of the gate. it has very low accuracy unless you are firing one shot at a time and then whats the point of using a full automatic weapon if you are just going to fire off one round at a time. And the damage is really quite low compaired to the other 2 I have killed much quicker with the shotgun even at far range than with the machingun. As for the momentum and keeping speed It is kinda hard to get moving really fast when using the Bunny hopping method and even if you get that perfect high speed its hard to maintain. as for the ""rocket jumping"" aspect they just recently removed the self damage from some of the weapons to make this possible but I havent tried it yet so i cant really say much. The Enemy AI is acctually kind of lame compaired to other games like this they all have the same mechanics, walk forward, die, repeat, or walk forward hit from behind then die, get the picture? they just have nothing about them that makes them interesting to fight even the enemies that shoot at you run at you to a certain distance before shooting. its really underwhelming for a game about difficulty and speed.Now onto the map design. The maps being randomly generated still have set Cells which are just kind of peiced together at random so you can come accross room combinations that you have seen before rather early in playing. and all the cells are pretty much predicatble besides enemie spawns. Being that there is fall damage it is really easy to fall and lose all of your armor and a good chunk of your health in alot of these cells. They also just recently increased the distance you have to fall in order for it to trigger fall damage so this isnt that much of a problem anymore but still.The only reason i give it a recommend is because the devs are actively updating it constantly. they just updated once and have plans for a second update in a few days to handle even more fixes and issues that people have told them about. I recommend this for people who dont look at it as a clone of games of old but as a game of itself."
,Recommended,442780,35470946,Posted: 4 October,all,WhooptyWoo,"I am really liking this one. I was a little worried with initial reviews, but I am really enjoying the mellinnium build.The save points are a great addition!"
76561198012883382,Recommended,442780,31778904,Posted: 15 May,all,Snappywave,"I am a big fan of 90's FPS games (I am 39 years old).  While it's tons of fun, Strafe isn't near perfect (yet). I've been playing it rather nonstop since I bought it last week despite it's annoying framerate. If I knew about the framerate issue not being a steady 60 fps or even 30, I would've hold purchasing it until it's worth it. I feel like this is still in beta knowing that the devs are still working on it 7 days a week. According to their Steam post, they said optizmation is one of their priorities. I still give this a thumbs up because the fun factor outweights the sad techincal shortcomings. I just can't stop playing it."
,Recommended,442780,31793337,Posted: 16 May,all,BigMikeyP,"As someone who isn't usually a fan of Roguelikes i LOVE this game! It had a rocky start but three patches in a lot of people's complaints have already been fixed and it looks like there is going to be a lot of support going forward.The gameplay is fast paced and satisfying, the art and music ooze style and there is a brilliantly dark sense of humor throughout. Don't listen to the negative reviews, give it the chance it deserves.Best game of 1996!"
76561198073648775,Recommended,442780,33595396,Posted: 16 July,all,Suma,"It's got buckets of blood, loss of limbs & gobs of gibs! Runs fast & furious! Can be hard, but has an easy option. Pixel perfection! Nice addition to any FPS fan's library!RECOMMENDED TO OLD-SCHOOL GORE-HOUNDS ONLY!!!"
,Recommended,442780,31907879,Posted: 22 May,all,> 33 <,Real awesome game.I like the feel of it and they had few issues but the latest patches did a great job.Thumbs up.
,Not Recommended,442780,31662651,Posted: 10 May,all,Levi Barrocas,"The game has potential,but the guns lack oomph the enemies follow you mostly on a straight line,the game incentivizes running backwards and making the enemies bottle up against you.Sadly i expected more after the incredible marketing campaign.The music felt pretty good tho and the graphic design is on point with the objective they seemed to have."
,Recommended,442780,31720364,Posted: 13 May,all,somerandomchap,"I was skeptical of this game until i played it.Initially i critisized its reloading and proceedural generation mechanics, the lack of health items which lead to defensive playing, however, once i progressed through the game, these flaws started disappearing as i saw (maybe) what the developers intended.The reloading mechanic became less of an issue further on as i upgraded my gun, I had 150 round magazines with 99 mags stocked away, getting rid of a reloading mechanic would be difficult in this case as im carring 15000 rounds not to mention there are perks that make use of the reloading mechanic.The proceedurally generated levels could have been explained better prior to release, i assumed they were more randomized than they actually are. They are simply very well designed rooms placed in a random order retaining the zones theme, i found the level design to be really well done and the changes made further runs more interesting.The health items, once you realise a few things about how the scrap collection and scrap boxes work was plentyful, further health upgrades as i progressed saw me having 240% health and a constant sheild with 20,000 spare scrap which helped if i wanted to charge the enemies instead of retreating and playing more conservatively.The sense of progression is felt in this game, as it should be with its roguelike elements. I think much of what people are disliking this game for is the initual steep learning curve and lack of information, which are valid concerns. But nothing is haphazard or not thought through, and focusing on buffing players so close to the start would ruin the progression of the entire game.On the negative, there are bugs, ones that caused me to restart a whole run when i had almost beat the game, but these to my knowledge are being addressed very quickly.The weapons sounds are weak, but again, are being addressed.This game isn't quake, its a bit of old with a bit of new. You will have to initally take it slow as every shot and hit point counts.However, the Murderzone gametype is fanstatic, and even outshines the campaign in many aspects. This gametype with hoards of enemies, unlimited ammo, multitude of perks and weapons all in a well designed branching map IS the oldschool game people want.The fast paced, non stop blood and guts action and strafejumping is very freeing from the methodical style you develop during the campaign. Honestly, if you have your doubts about this game, give murderzone a go.TL:DR, a great, fun and rewarding but misunderstood game (not helped in part by lack of information) packaged in with a hidden gem that delivers everything i hoped for, the Murderzone mode."
,Recommended,442780,31653670,Posted: 9 May,all,Qbopper,"If you want a Doom or Quake game, look elsewhere.Strafe is definitely a roguelite first, and though it certainly has its problems, it's an enjoyable game for the asking price and getting a lot of strange hate for some reason. I'm not saying the game doesn't have issues, but look at the game and formulate your own opinion.FWIW I genuinely believe the devs care and will address issues like the weapons sounding lame, but again - despite the marketing and references this does not play like Doom or Quake and you'll be disappointed if you expect that.EDIT: I've gotten up to the final boss and the game really does fix some of the issues early on - the environments are much nicer and less confusing, there's a fair bit of enemy variety (and they don't all pile up on you in a train like the first zone), etc.It's a shame to see a great roguelite get trashed because people didn't bother getting past the first area - it's like if someone played Binding of Isaac and judged the whole game by the initial basement or something"
,Not Recommended,442780,31649882,Posted: 9 May,all,Calibrono,"Expected a Quake 2 style shooter with a meaningful campaign. Got a mediocre modern style over substance roguelike. Guns feel like♥♥♥♥♥♥ UI is practically unusable. Enemy variety, music and random generated maps are pretty good so far at least. Not impressed overall."
,Recommended,442780,31873793,Posted: 20 May,all,ratch,"Phenomenal game with tight physics, great gunplay, and stellar aeathetic. While the game might be a little rought around the edges right now, it is still supremely playable and an absolute joy to behold. Everything from the weapon models to the incredible level design is a dream come true.I felt the difficulty is just right considering that I can finish the game if I try but also feel comfortable trying different builds and looking for secrets as well. I am not a fan of rougelike games but Strafe seems to be a little less random than others. While the levels have a procedural generation aspet to them, they have consistent landmarks and rooms that allow you to greatly benefit from previous runs.I don't feel this game to be cheap in terms of the quantity of enemy spawned or their locations, it's just a game with a specific style of play. I happen to LOVE this style of play and derive great pleasure for mowing down massive, relentless hordes of baddies. I don't need them to have genius AI or work together like a perfect AI swarm, I just need them to present an actual challenge and they do that well.Massive respect to the team for releasing a superb, quirky, and just downright AWESOME game!!!"
,Recommended,442780,31657518,Posted: 9 May,all,.swan,"This game is a gory shooter. And that's where the throwback comparison ends.This game is amazing.The marketing campagin has been amazing.The problem is the two of 'em in concert have created a bit of a disconnect for folks who haven't been paying very much attention.Resources are scarce.Plenty of enemies. Hordes of 'em. And they all bleed and leave bits of guts around.Secrets aren't obvious.It's fast paced. If you're slowplaying, you're doing it wrong.Even though those bullets are hard to come by, I haven't had a problem managing my ammunition. Shoot the baddies. Not the walls. I guess that's one of them pro-tips.MURDERZONE.EXE is the real star here.Fire up the computer to dive in.Collect Gallons of blood to progress.Unlock weapons/armor/etc for future runs.At a glance, the level generation doesn't seem very well-balanced. So the challenge will vary run to run.But even when the RNG gods are smiling at you, this game is difficult.If you're expecting to run about the place blasting enemies and beat the campaign on your first try, you're not going to get much out of this game. Probably skip it. Otherwise, get on it. This game is a riot.Excellent first offering from Pixel Titans. Can't wait to see what they'll work on next."
,Recommended,442780,34020051,Posted: 4 August,all,Heroic,The music is great. The gunplay is good. It's a fun and goof romp through the early days of FPS's.
76561198054049936,Not Recommended,442780,31764608,Posted: 15 May,all,OVERLORD,"I had much higher hopes for this game. I'd been awaiting it for a year or two, and it didn't end up being as enjoyable as I'd expected. I'll break down what I think into a list, rather than an incoherent paragraph.PROS:• Gunplay is fairly nice. Not the best I've seen, but it works and it's a solid part of the game, I think.• Shooting the enemies is fun, and targeting body parts of the basic opponents works and it quite satisfying sometimes.• The blood of enemies stains the map dynamically. Bodies and bullet casings remain indefinitely, creating a nice display of carnage.• The music is good, although I wish you could turn it up higher.CONS:• The game is hard. I know they sold difficulty as a good thing, but it doesn't make it fun. You're always taking damage and there are almost no health packs anywhere.• The ranged enemies aren't much fun, especially since they are such a large source of damage. I don't want to have to play this like a cover shooter, but that's how you beat them most of the time.• I don't know what the powerups do. Do they last forever? I don't know. They just flash a little icon in the corner, which doesn't say much. Just put words there instead, please.• The 3 main weapons are a little boring. There are some fun weapons in the levels, and it would be nice to be able to swap out for these, or find more ammo for them.• Performance decreases with more bodies and blood. This is weird, because of how low-poly everything is.Overall, not worth 20 dollars. Really, maybe 10 at most, for what you get currently. You don't even get the soundtrack included for that price. I know it just came out, so I don't want to be too harsh. Yeah, the devs are updating it, but they didn't set a very good first impression for a game that was marketed so strongly.I'll reserve final judgement for a more 'final' version of this game, but I don't recommend you buy it just yet."
,Recommended,442780,31939964,Posted: 24 May,all,OVRSGHT,"WHOA, SO TIGHTThis game is incredible. I can't believe this is mixed, it's EXACTLY what it's advertised as. A procedurally generated gorefest, and literally nothing else. If you see a negative review and that person is 1) on a steam account that's not 8 or more years old 2) complaining about dumb AI 3) complaining about difficulty 4) talking about how bare bones it is; there's a 90% chance they don't understand the entire idea behind this game. It's a skill based, incredibly hard, incredibly gory game for people who could beat Doom or Quake or Serious Sam blindfolded but still play it all the time because we just love wrecking legions. It's not made for the people who are new to shooters or think Overwatch is hard.90% of reviewers aren't even playing this game right. Strafejumping/bhopping is critical in later levels, as is the ability to fire while sprinting, jumping and watching where you're going at the same time, for minutes straight. Most of the people who don't get this game never played or got really good at the games it's paying homage to. Everything about this game is spot on, to the point of being purposely low quality in places to be 1996 about it. (The skipping intro for Devolver, for instance, is purposeful, games used to have their cutscenes on CD, that sound means you have a scratch, usually because you play it a lot.) The game is solid and fun, but not easy.Buy this game. The soundtrack is worth 7$ as well. You can trust literally everything Devolver publishes. They're adding more to it, zones, weapons, enemies, guns. It comes with an arena mode that scores you by gallons of blood spilled, and unlocks more powerups and guns to start with each round every time as you go. Arenas are also procedural, they aren't the reused levels.Game is badass. Hope they do more like this."
,Recommended,442780,31696073,Posted: 11 May,all,Helladope Madfresh,"After having nearly beat the game (without the VV-1N) I can safely say this game is a blast. You need to know upfront that it is a rogue-lite shooter in the vein of Tower of Guns, Ziggurat and Immortal Redneck. Even following the game as I was I didn't quite realize that it was going to be this way and it seems I'm not alone in believing STRAFE was going to be more of a traditional 90's shooter with linear level progression. It seems that that misunderstanding is where many of it's negative reviews come from.STRAFE has kept me engaged and intrigued even with each passing death. Each zone is so different from the last that it stays fresh as you make your long decent further and further towards the end and it feels more ""story-driven"" and less arcadey than most games of this genre.The blood splattering everywhere is great, the guns are great, I absolutely love the aesthetic and even though the marketing did not seem to accurately inform the public of what the game was: I loved that too.Highly recommended if you're a fan of the Rogue-lite Shooter genre. Good music, good style, good challenge."
,Recommended,442780,31794266,Posted: 16 May,all,AgentX,"Great fps action. Made it to the final boss, and died! A very fun game!"
76561198046020377,Recommended,442780,35487541,Posted: 4 October,all,The Plague Ace,"Good game, i love the nostalgic feeling of playing a 96´ classic game, i will suggest more detailed level design for each random generated level, because i losted on the stage several times and the map doesnt help you at all."
,Recommended,442780,35490328,Posted: 5 October,all,Blackout,it had a rocky launch. but they quickly smoothed it out. and added features that greatly improve on the original design. the flaw i found first is that some stuff it doesnt explain well. like weapon upgrades and perks. but i kind of like it. you keep learning new things every play through.
,Recommended,442780,35496304,Posted: 5 October,all,Floyd Anyweather,"This game scratches my itch for a roguelike FPS better than--probably--any that have come before it. If that's an itch you share, you will probably dig Strafe."
,Recommended,442780,31878101,Posted: 21 May,all,Quaestionarius,"Try, try, try again.  How persistent are you?This is the question this game asks you as you beat the joy out of it.  Or beat the magic blue smoke out your system.This game distills the enjoyment of success and frustration of failure into short little glasses of pure gaming intoxication.  It will test your constitution to see if you can take it or will puke your guts out."
,Recommended,442780,34434198,Posted: 23 August,all,cl4y,I haven't played for long but the core gameplay makes it a fun experience and the high skill ceilingis gonna make me come back for more old fashion FPS action.
,Recommended,442780,31759072,Posted: 14 May,all,maddabbo,I like this game more each time I play it.I love the retro graphics.  My first computer was a apple IIe and I've seen it all since pong onward.This game isn't exacly those games but is is a very fun mix and a great fps shooter all by itself.I like the style and gameplay as is.  You can tweak away but I think it's already good.I'd love to see multiplayer and can't wait for VR.This game is going to be awesome in VR.I haven't finished yet but so far my favorite is the wrench.  The wrench is a bit too powerful.  It should be kill on head shot only two hits anywhere else.Other than that I just want more.Make more levels so they are ready by the time I get through these.
,Recommended,442780,31758133,Posted: 14 May,all,fisofo,"Lot of hate because of missed expectations, which I can certainly understand, but it by no means makes this a bad game. I've had a ton of fun with it playing it like it was an old school FPS and going all out strafe-jumping around... but it really does help if you can nail those headshots. If you can't, I can see this game being very frustrating.You can play it tactically as well, funnelling enemies into choke points and decimating them. I've done this as well, and found I was quite overpowered by the end.Only negatives I have is:1. No way to exit the game and come back to an in-progress run, but I've heard this is coming soon. If you are playing tactically, this can be brutal, as beating the game can take a few hours this way. Doing it in true quake style should only take an hour I think.2. Beyond that, the only moments of frustration I had was dying after a really good run because I couldn't figure out where to go or what to do. I had a lot more fun after visiting the discussion pages and skimming a couple guides. Having an idea of where to find secrets and tips on levels proved invaluable to my experience as I preferred not to spend so much time on trial and error.If you play tactically though, make sure to pay attention on the last level, maybe pause and look online if you get confused... pretty frustrating to die when you are so close because you are not sure what's happening."
,Recommended,442780,33639955,Posted: 18 July,all,Capt. D Jones,"Gotta go fast, bhop to win. Difficult, and does not hold your hand, but once you have the hang of the mechanics, you're in for a ride."
76561198145160690,Recommended,442780,31674582,Posted: 10 May,all,VirtualOwl14,"EDIT: 7/9/17******Some of the issues listed here are fixed, as of the patching of this game by the devs! The physics are much better. The weapon sounds have been improved on very much, and now have a bit more punch. Some enemies have new sounds, such as gluttons having audible foot steps.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I have decided to review this without dying once and throwing a temper tantrum over the difficulty. Instead, I actually researched the game. Thus, here is a fairer review of the game.PresentationSTRAFE is presented as an over-the-top, gory, punishingly difficult game apparently from 1996, in the same vein as Quake or Doom. The game nails it's presentation perfectly, with lots of gore and environments filled with all kinds of monsters who are out for blood, and any other part of you that is the color red. The soundtrack, which I will dive into later, perfectly complements this along with it's visuals, which I will also go over.GameplaySTRAFE wants to emulate the style of games like Quake, Doom, and other such classics. Unfortunately, the marketing is a bit mistaken, thus leading to many wrong assumptions and thus, unjustly negative reviews. If you go in wanting a 90's game, you will be disappointed. HOWEVER. The game isn't bad just because of this. Beginning the game, (assuming you are past the wonderfully cheesy FMV tutorial) you are dropped into the start area. Three guns are at your disposal, a shotgun, a machinegun, and a railgun. The guns do need to be reloaded however, adding a bit of tactical play in your run.  Pick one of these, and hop into the teleporter in the other room, and get going. This game did not lie about difficulty. The enemies have a high likelihood of ganging up on you if you don't fill their heads with fifty-two tons of lead fast enough.  The game is roguelike in it's elements. The levels in game always change, thus creating lots of replayability. Throughout the levels, there are many things to look out for. You can find crates full of scrap, an in game currency, or a box with a small boost of health, armor, ammo, etc. During your insane rampage, you may find other weapons scattered about the area. These weapons can vary from a rifle, to a grenade launcher, and so on. These weapons don't stay, as they are single magazine weapons, however, you can hit enemies with them after they run out of bullets. Machines can be found that will use your scrap to give you more ammo, weapon upgrades, and more. Movement is amazing, being fast and fluid. These mechanics go together well, to make this game relatively fun in it's own right, albeit not in the style of a 90's fps game.Visuals and graphicsThe visual of a 90's style fps game is more than nailed in this title, having pixelated textures against low poly objects. The blood that gushes out from the enemies you kill is a sight to behold.  However, a small flaw is the somewhat floaty physics, seen mostly in how enemies die after you chop off their limbs with white hot lead.Overall though, The graphics are one of the best aspects of the game, adding a wonderful flavor to some already solid gameplay once you get used to it for a while.Sound and musicThis game has some of the best music I have seen in a video game. With a wonderful score by ToyTree, the soundtrack is just god like, fitting the game PERFECTLY. Sound is a different deal though. The gunfire sounds barely give the same punch or feel you get in games like Quake. The enemies are more than happy to scream as they try their best to make your organs their lunch as well their shrieking when you tear them fifty new ones with your death machine. Overall, the sound is at a weak state, however, it can easily be touched up on.Final thoughtsSTRAFE is a good game that is simply misunderstood. The game keeps it's influences on it's shoulders, but mixes in the right amount of good to be great on it's own. If you are looking for a crazy, fast paced roguelike game, this is your game. If it's the 90's you are looking for, then you might want to head back to those games for a bit. Overall, it is definitely a good game, albeit, not in the way intended. I would be more than happy to recommend you give this game a shot. The devs have been patching it up, which is only gonna help it more."
,Recommended,442780,31672083,Posted: 10 May,all,Notation,"Ive been waiting for this game for a while now. I had pretty high expectations for this, and i got what i expected! I love the shooting in this, but the shotgun seems a bit on the weak side as far as kick goes, but thats a minor issue. Dont go into this expecting something of a perfect game, it has a fair amount of issues and bugs, but its nothing that cant be fixed. Another note is that this game is VERY challanging and not for someone who wants a casual, laid back Doom on easy mode or something, expect yourself to get punished for the smallest mistakes. Some of the bugs ive found include-+Enemies running in place+Enemies getting stuck in walls+Some hit detection errors+Sound issues+Framerate IssuesBut im overall impressed with this title, the charm of it is very unique and feels just like the 90s. If you like Gore,Great FPS gameplay, ROCKET JUMPING!, and overall a great time (if youre up for the challange,) then youll like this game and i think you should pick this up for the base price or a sale. I also think the scrap, the in-game form of currency, should be a little easier to spot, or have some kind of magnetic effect where it comes to you if you get close enough7/10 with bugs8/10 with bugs fixed and sound improvedP.S I think the guns you pick up should have a little more ammo than they do of the time of this review."
,Recommended,442780,31693982,Posted: 11 May,all,1000Curses,"I love STRAFE. The graphics take me back to Quake, the presentation is like if Wing Commander had a sense of humor, and the gameplay itself is a roguelike wave shooter. It's very challenging, but it's fun as hell to see how long you can last and compare experiences and strategies with friends. Now if you'll excuse me I gotta do some runs."
,Recommended,442780,35425984,Posted: 2 October,all,없다 lil bo peep,"I bought it for the full price literally an hour before it went on sale for 7.50. ♥♥♥♥ my life.On the brighter side, it's definitely worth it.Like, really worth it. As in everything about it (other than a lack of variation in enemies and weaponry, which will probably change eventually - and you only notice after quite a while of playtime) is awesome.The artstyle is awesome, endearing and never gets old. Lowpoly with pixel art, reminding me of old games like DOOM graphics, with much nicer lighting and more modern controls, effects and so on. It's fun and interesting, and the work that's gone in to make it look as great as it does shows, even if it is shown with simplistic, retro-y graphics~Definitely worth buying, especially since new updates will be coming~!"
,Recommended,442780,31656460,Posted: 9 May,all,SpookyBeefStick,Don't listen to the negative reviews that are a load of♥♥♥♥♥♥and complain about more rogue like and less action. THERES PLENTY OF ACTION AND YOU CAN PLAY IN ANY WAY YOU WISH. I have had a blast so far grinding my way through levels and watching the blood go everywhere! This is a rougue like and if you die you're done for but its still fun and its rogue like elements combined with procedurally generated levels and action packed gore makes this game fantastic. Is it a perfect game? No! its not the best but deserves well more than the♥♥♥♥♥♥it gets for not being the perfect nostalgic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that these picky people complain about. Its well worth the money and your time.
76561198000646490,Recommended,442780,31748615,Posted: 14 May,all,ness,"Playing the game on and off running around trying to figure out what is going on.I'm a robot thingy jumping around at the speed of sound, I got places to go gotta follow my rainbow.There are 3 weapons in the start, a shotgun, smg and a laser gun. I started with the smg, but now after i tried the shotgun and the laser rifle, the laser is the way to go. Laserguns rule.The blood is everywhere, I see dead ""things"" laying everywhere, what is this spacestation even.I'm hooked, the money I spent is slowly paying off, there is something with this game that makes me wanna keep going, be the best. I feel awesome while playing it, and it got bunny hopping; I love it.The only part that pisses me off is that is a rouge-like and not like a story thing, put the replayability is just too good I guess.I wonder what the other 3 sectors of the game looks like..."
,Recommended,442780,33375526,Posted: 8 July,all,Virtual Decay,"At first when i saw ""Mixed Reviews"" It was quite offputting.about 8 or so hours in and I really enjoy Strafe.Good core mechaics for a Rouge-like/lite game. Very challanging. very satisfying.Weapons feel really good, espeically after upgrading them via the stations you come across in the level.I was at first a little disapointed that the guns you find on the ground are a one time use, and if you use up the ammo for them, you gotta toss it, but I eventually came to appricate that aspect. Makes you act quick and on your toes.Level design is pretty nice, after a while you tend to see a lot of the same rooms mashed together, which sometimes is a bummer and often a problem with proc-gen, but none the less I don't doubt Devolver will stop production on a game thats almost a month old.Enemy AI does need a bit of tweaking, maybe more variation too. But again, I bet we will see more in the future.I do hope to see maybe modding tools and a workshop in the future, much like Delver.Overall, solid game, good challange, good gameplay."
76561197960452964,Recommended,442780,31654942,Posted: 9 May,all,Killer Goblin,"This game may not be for everyone. People who started playing FPS games like counter strike, call of duty, battlefield, etc, might not like it.The AI isn't the smartest, the gameplay is basic, the graphics are 20 years old...But, if you loved quake1, serious sam, doom, duke nukem 3d (Not that massivly delayed one, the one before it) you may like this game.There are flaws, but as it is I'm still having fun, and I hope this game grows and becomes more popular.I will recommend this game, but only to those who have fond memories of playing games like the ones mentioned above."
,Recommended,442780,31682808,Posted: 11 May,all,Wabbyboy,I would definitely recommend this game to anyone who likes FPS' and roguelikes. It's definitely one of the best FPS roguelikes.If you are after a doom/quake clones this isn't it. It's a modern indie game with a retro aesthetic.
,Recommended,442780,31692785,Posted: 11 May,all,borderline,"STRAFE is rogue-lite, so make sure you check what you're getting into before you pick it up out of 90's nostalgia.So, STRAFE. You move fast, you die fast. Weapons are punchy, enemies explode in gore and gibs. Semi-randomised levels keep things from getting too samey, and a decent variety in enemy appearance and behaviour gives you a nice selection of threats to overcome. Weapon pickups give you a short-lived boost in firepower and are usually plentiful enough to punctuate a level with some interesting tools of destruction. Weapon upgrades give you a permanent firepower boost and alter your primary weapon, often giving you a much needed boost.Permadeath can be frustrating, especially given the scarcity of health and armour pickups and how little you can recover from taking damage. This can often force you to play reservedly, rather than bombastically like a old 90's shooter demands. It's a difficult game, so permadeath would be a deal breaker (IMO) if there was no way to lock-down progress. You piece together teleports to create shortcuts to later zones, so you can eventually skip the zones you've already played to death trying to progress.STRAFE is a tough game, but I find it really addictive and satisfying. Definitely check out some videos before you slap your money down, it's built for a certain crowd so it won't appeal to everyone.Here are some tips for anyone about to take the plunge:+ Secondary fire is powerful, but eats up ammo. Use it sparingly!+ Reloading drops the whole clip, don't reload unless you're really low.+ Melee enemies have a little further reach than you might expect, so don't get cocky.+ Buy armour, not ammo, at vendors. Monster closets usually contain plenty of ammo.+ Blood neutralises acid, so if there's too much acid about gib some bodies.+ You need four teleporter parts to create a shortcut to the next zone; the first is always in the shop, and the other three usually are found in wooden crates.+ Expect to die a lot. It's a hard game but the challenge is in getting better each run :-)"
,Recommended,442780,31651358,Posted: 9 May,all,I'm already under attack,I was going to make a review going over the pros and cons of this game but for the pros I'll just replace it with: if you like fps and you like FAST and you're not a contrarian who gets upset over the smallest detail (UGHH IT IS NOT GAME LIKE XXX AT ALL >:( well fat nerd go play game XXX) you will really enjoy this well worth £15-map ends and the game runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥-map ends and the next level doors take 3 years to open-i dont know what its doing with the graphics quake 1 didn't look this bad but w/e its decent and i love the helmet hud-no viewmodel fov-lowest sens is too low 2nd lowest is too high
,Recommended,442780,31684035,Posted: 11 May,all,kitteh,"Coarse, rough and totally awesome!It takes a while to get used to the mechanics (dropping enemies), sound cues (opening enemy closets) and items.But once you get a hang of it, it's awesome!"
76561198009094932,Recommended,442780,31664411,Posted: 10 May,all,Oddkins,"One thing you will notice right away is that the majority of the negative reviews for this game are coming from people who have not bothered to play it for very long -- so I'll do my best to balance out some of this negativity with a little positivity.I LOVE STRAFE!  Seriously, it's great......but before I get into why, let's look at some CONS.Yes it has some bizarre technical issues - at this time - like:-- Currently some of the main currency of the game - Junk - is not lootable on about 10% of the total drops where it appears.-- Very rarely, enemies are able to shoot through walls at you and/or get stuck inside of them.-- It is sometimes possible to become stuck in place, however this was patched out of the 1.0 release version with a day 1 patch that has fixed the issue.  The game seems to take around 7 to 10 seconds to realize you are stuck and then it will reset your position a little.-- Annoying interface problems that keep the game from displaying the description for the items in the store as well as not allowing you to cycle through those same descriptions when any of those items are in your inventory.-- A costmetic Framerate drop as the next level is being loaded.  I'd have much rather they pulled a Half-Life and just froze the game for the 5 seconds that it needs to catch up.With those technical things out of the way, let's take a look at some of the criticism that I see routinely popping up in these negative reviews:CRITICISM NUMBER ONE -- ""The enemies run straight for you and that ruins the pace of the game because I am afraid to enter the room and play this like Quake III: Arena like I'm meant to."" [Go figure... the predominately appearing enemy in the first 3 levels is equipped with a pipe-wrench and they run at you in an attempt to use it.  Heresy.  How dare they assume to run straight for melee range!  Let's not forget games like Space Hulk, Left 4 Dead, System Shock 2, The Binding of Isaac or even Starship Troppers -- Enemies have been running straight for players for some time now... it's kind of a necessity in Player Versus Environment gaming.]CRITICISM NUMBER TWO -- ""I can only carry 1 main, reloadable weapon at a time and these guns feel terrible and are inaccurate and lack variety."" [Again, had these individuals played the game for more than .2 hours, they would know that the main weapon dictates your playstyle for that entire run and the designer(s) obviously wanted it to flavor your playthrough in that way.  Also, these weapons level up regularly and massively with upgrades that get dropped out of chests that you find along the way via Damage, Accuracy, Ammo Capacity and Fire Rate increases.  The starting machine gun can be used as a head-shot machine as it is, but trust me, once you've actually PLAYED the game and upgraded your equipment it becomes a rediculously fun tool that dwarfs the very shadow of its vanilla self.  This is without even mentioning the terminals where your chosen main weapon can be fundamentally changed into another variation of its own theme -- tri-fire, different alternate firing modes, a chaingun like ramp mode where the firerate increases based on how long you hold the mouse button, etc.]CRITICISM NUMBER THREE -- ""There isn't enough upgrade materials or health machines.  I can't get anywhere, It's not FUN."" [This is a lie!  There are enough materials and health!  I never thought I'd be saying this... but the people who are saying this simply need to Get Guud.  It's a very logical thing to assume that you'd have to not only become familliar with the flow of the game, the weapons, the levels, the enemies and how to manipulate them to your will - you know, like in a ROGUE LIKE - but also spend more than .2 hours attempting to become versed in these things before totally passing judgement on STRAFE and the systems in it.]CRITICISM NUMBER FOUR -- ""The enemies make no sounds and I have no idea where they are and they keep ambushing me."" [All of the enemies make sounds... constantly.  When they spawn, when they use a weapon and when they die.  This game really requires paranoid mouse movement.  As long as you look around often enough and listen for audio cues it's not unlikely to never be ambushed for the duration of a run.]Are you still with me?  Good!  Now that that business is out of the way, we can finally examine the PROS that STRAFE has going for it:++ The Soundtrack.  It's rediculous.  I'm serious.  Every level has its own theme and the intense melody of them all drives and presses you forward in such a satisfying way as you smoothly glide through the levels.++ The game reminds one of all their oldschool favourites and brings the nostalgia of those titles back to the fore, however, STRAFE definitely still has its own voice and has been designed in such a way as to be pretty different than those older First Person Shooters while still paying a respectful homage.++ There really are a lot of weapons.  Sure, the secondary weapons that the player collects apart from their main choice only come with one magazine of fun before they must be discarded on the floor or broken apart across an enemy's noggin-box, but, you're collecting so many of them that you will never want for weapon variety.  These side weapons are meant to be supplemental to the original beast of a weapon that you are upgrading on your run -- they are mainly for flavor and they are all interesting and fun to learn upon finding a new one.++ The levels and enemy types have a nice progression as you move from the beginning of the game where things are more vanilla, to the later levels where things become more unique and interesting.++ There is a Killing Floor and Soldier of Fortune style system where the enemies dismember at the attacked limb or at the neck.  This concept is as satisfying as it sounds -- watching the waves of baddies discombobulate before you as you lay into them never grows old.  Think Left 4 Dead, indie style.++ Every run feels satisfying and you can really feel yourself getting better at it as you go.  STRAFE can also be approached from Beginning to End entirely or you can work to repair each of the area's teleporters with three specific items that you need to get it back into shape, thus allowing you to continue from a further position rather than repeating the earlier levels.  But I believe you'd be sacrificing the very valuable chance at the weapon upgrades that are so needed.++ For what they are the graphics are really quite charming -- almost like Homeword had some sex with Anachronox.I hope that what I have outlined here has provided some semblance of balance to the negativity train that is currently going on in this review section while this game is still freshly released.  STRAFE is such a decent game and deserves a chance!  Certainly more than a flippant .2 hour one at that...Before I go I'll also remind the critics that, literally TWO DUDES made this game.  This expectation/assumption that every game released today must be Triple AAA quality and that making a game these days must be the easiest thing to do and that it shouldn't possibly take years to get it there or have any growing pains at all.I hope you give STRAFE a chance!  And maybe even submit your own review after looking at it fairly, critically and with both your mind and heart.  Remember that games are their developer's livelyhood and that to not to due diligence in a game review is akin to not taking that fact seriously.If you'll excuse me, I've got a last boss to make my way back to after having been unceramoniously murdered by them the first time around!I'll see you in the halls STRAFERS.: )"
,Recommended,442780,31650121,Posted: 9 May,all,Nefos,"STRAFE is one of those Indie games that, at face value try to let us know they're trying to capture 90's shooters of yesteryear.Well, I'm gonna disappoint you, this isn't going to be an exact carbon copy of old-school shooters. You will be sorely disappointed if you have this mindset. It takes the very best of aesthetics of 90's culture and big nods of that era while kinda throwing their own style into it.So, I wanted to talk about graphics. Now, for some people who are huge believers of capturing exact copies of old-school graphics, it doesn't nail it quite right and I think it was completely intentional. The graphics, the low-poly design retains that old-school touch, while keeping it really clean looking. If you look at games like Quake, or even Half-Life.. The low-poly designs weren't that good looking.It's really nice for low-poly graphics but it felt too clean, which honestly I didn't mind. I liked it. Ultimately, they were going for an ""homage"" route and not necessarily trying to copy graphics to graphics, they stylized the hell out of 90's polygonal graphics and made it look cool.Now, for the gameplay it was obviously quite simple. Aim, shoot, reload, and repeat, you know how it's done.You collect scraps which is basically in-game currency you collect by finding them in chests and randomly spawned on enemies. This is your powerup, and this is straight up old-school classic gameplay at it's finest. Collect it to guarantee survival. Use scraps to purchase armor, ammo, and weapons. And obviously there's other standard powerups to find as well to keep you going in the bloody fights.And, the biggest concern for a lot of people out there is the procedurally generated levels. The Indie scene has been saturated with this type of level design for a long time now and consider it ""lazy"" for a few gamers standards. But some people like procedurally generated content for that added replay value, keeping it fresh for every playthrough.I replayed a lot of levels to see what it generates and from what I've experienced is the levels seem diverse enough for me to really get a nice challenge and me trying to adapt to my surroundings. It's really ♥♥♥♥ing hard. If you think you can plow through this game in one sitting give it a try, I don't think you'll make it long enough.tl;drNot a faithful game to capture exact 90's shooters of old-school classics but stylizes the hell out of it with 90's aesthetics with a modern twist. Retains the old-school shooter gameplay with incredible difficulty. Some people will be mixed with the procedural generated content.Pros:+Stylized low-poly 90's design+Retains classic shooter gameplay of yesteryear+90's culture: the video game+A bit spooky+Replay value is nice with procedural generated content+Murderzone!+Very challenging+Nice variety of weapons and enemies+STRAFE's Training Instructor Lady ;)Cons:-Sound is slightly weak-Music can be a bore-No developer designed levels-Strafezone (Daily challenges) and Speedzone (speedruns) omitted until about a month after launch and will be implemented soon-No multiplayer, and this was my biggest concern, but the devs said they're a small team, so..Overall, this isn't going to particularly scratch that nostalgic fix exactly as intended, but more like it gave it's big nods to the 90's in a very fun way. I think it's completely worth the purchase and I can't stop playing. Great job. 8/10."
,Recommended,442780,35221392,Posted: 26 September,all,erradical,"I like fast-paced roguelike games - Ziggurat, Tower of Guns, and now Strafe®. I've played more than 100 hours so far and I'm still having fun. Sometimes I'll go back through a level after I've cleared it and I'm just amazed by all the persistent gore."
,Not Recommended,442780,31651860,Posted: 9 May,all,Sweeler,"I feel like I die more to getting stuck in the ceiling or monsters sneaking up behind me than me actually being bad at the game. Strafe is kind of dissapointing in its current state but I feel like a permenant negative review is not fair on release day, so for now its a negative review but I think there is a lot of room for improvement. I will be refunding this game and I might purchase it again, if it improves. Im glad the website to buy the special edition wasnt working well because I almost bought it and I would of been extremely angry"
,Recommended,442780,31660835,Posted: 10 May,all,The Xavious,"This game is an FPS Roguelike first and foremost. It blends old school aesthetics and gameplay elements with the ruthless, unforgiving nature of roguelikes to create something pretty damn fun.I think the main campaign is perhaps a bit too cruel at the moment, health gets scarce real quick and you can't count on more being in the next room, so every hit you take really matters. That being said, the MURDERZONE.EXE game mode is a lot more to my liking, and its a really good way to get familiar with the various elements this game throws at you, giving you a non-changing arena each time you play, throwing hordes of enemies at you for you to mow down so you can get to the next room and get more upgrades.I love the game, but I can see why it might not be for everyone, though I think its definitely worth a buy if you ever catch it on sale if you grew up with the classic shooters."
,Recommended,442780,31654062,Posted: 9 May,all,axfelix,"The sound design needs a lot of work and I'm surprised it wasn't a priority to improve before release because I think it would go a long way to addressing many complaints.With that in mind, though, I like this quite a bit! The aesthetic is extremely successful -- the tutorial video is hilarious, the corridors look exactly like they should, and the action is visually distinct.It is *definitely* more of a roguelike that looks like Quake than an especially Quake-style game that happens to be a roguelike, though; you generally need to play conservatively, and environmental damage is a very significant factor (maybe too much so). I get the sense that some people are put off by this, but this is still one of the best no-hitscan first person shooters released in a long time, and probably (even with its current issues) the best FPS roguelike I've played, too!"
,Recommended,442780,31656399,Posted: 9 May,all,TheGoliath,"This game is exactly like I expected it to be. A fast paced, challenging game of nostalgia and style like they don't make these days!Pros:- Fast paced- Great soundtrack- Variety of weapons with upgrades and enemies- Levels change each play through- The Red Cross have a lifetime supply of blood now- FPS/roguelike game with similarities to the old Doom and Quake etc- Shop to buy jetpack/double jump boots etc- Worth the time and money- REPLAYABILITYCons:- Level design could do with a few extra things- MORE BLOOD- Needs a bit of optimisation at a few pointsI think people should decide for themselves and see how the game is. Play more than the first level as the design changes and keeps getting better as it goes."
,Recommended,442780,31653955,Posted: 9 May,all,malikster_123,"STRAFE fails to give you the feeling of 90s shooters like DOOM and QUAKE, it has been falsey advertised as a 90s FPS tribute and while it does have some things within the game that resemble old school FPS games overall it fails on the whole nostalgic trip. i have only played under 2 hours of this game so far i felt like writing this review just to inform people what theyre getting into. while i take into consideration that the game doesnt give me a 90s fps feel i still feel like STRAFE is a fun and challenging game, what you do have from 90s fps games is fast gameplay, rocket jumping, strafe-jumping and the ability to paint the room red.While this game may not be the best tribute to 90s fps games it sure as hell is a fun game."
,Recommended,442780,31657483,Posted: 9 May,all,Libretto,Excellent Quake-style shooter.How to play? It's right in the title. Never fear your enemies. Never relent. Backing Down is DEATH.
,Recommended,442780,35476649,Posted: 4 October,all,Outcast™,"I've played this game a few hours outside my house and I must say It got improved quite a bit now with the Millenium patch. You can save all your runs (albeit you cannot do it at any time), activate multiple new secrets and modifiers, and most importantly, it really feels like Quake and Doom.It's a good indie that will certainly get better with each free update, including the next VR mode."
76561197979961681,Recommended,442780,35478955,Posted: 4 October,all,HexeR,"An interesting approach to FPS games in general, it takes procedural level design, collectable mentality, and rogue-like traits, and combines them all into a cohesive format called STRAFE.  You can pick 1 of 3 primary weapons, the SMG, shotgun, or railgun, and then pick up other weapons as you go through the levels.  Each level is based on a ""theme"" and picks out parts and pieces from that ""theme"" and puts them together ala Snap-map similar to the new DOOM's level creation system.The gunplay is very straight-forward.  Sometimes it feels like hits that should've made contact with the enemy didn't, and the movement feels a little floaty, though it still seems to work rather well.  The enemy variety is decent, with each enemy seeming to have their own unique strategies and differences large enough to make them discernible.There's other various nuances such as collecting enough scrap in a life to unlock a coin which you can use to unlock new features, such as Big Head Mode, Hyperdrive, and other game mutators.  While the title itself is rather short when considering the length of it, it does offer plenty of replayability."
,Recommended,442780,35486044,Posted: 4 October,all,CoffeeShark,"I will start off my review with a dumb opinion of mine. If Strafe, in the beginning, made sure to market itself more as a roguelike shooter with a classic presentation then a classic shooter with roguelike elements, most of the negative reviews and critiques would never had existed. I waited two years for this game, and like everyone else, was disappointed. Though, in my case it wasn't that I was disappointed because I was expecting a retro shooter, I expected a roguelike shooter right from the beginning. (And in my opinion, there needs to be more roguelike FPS games). But I was still disappointed due to the mediocre gameplay, heavy amounts of unavoidable chip damage, and glithces. I refunded the game. But now with the new ""Millenium Edition"" patch, as well as the changes to the store page description to be more upfront about what the game is and isn't, I think STRAFE is worth buying. And others seem to agree, as well. Even though the recent reviews are only sitting at a 73% positive, ""Mostly positive"" rating, that's still higher than when the game is released. I personally love the game, now. The movement is slick, the guns feel a little clunky but now have great sound-effects. Most bugs are fixed, and the soundtrack is still amazing. The new modules on icarus help increase replayability in that area, in case you're stuck in it. All in all, I love the game, but it certainly isn't for everyone. If you can understand that this is NOT a classic shooter, and is a modern, roguelike shooter with some classic touches (like strafe-jumping and nostalgic graphics), I highly recommend it. If you want a classic shooter, I can highly recommend DUSK. (when it comes out) The game still has some issues, of course. There's still a few bugs to iron out, the guns still feel a little clunky, dismemberment feels a little less 'meaty' than it should, and sometimes it's unclear what some things do in the beginning, but these are minor scuffs on the game."
,Recommended,442780,35502459,Posted: 5 October,all,Daum,"It's no Quake i'll tell you that, but for what it offers it's a great roguelike with random generated levels that will keep you entertained for a while."
76561198123256742,Recommended,442780,35449433,Posted: 3 October,all,BADBoss203,"Much Gore. Smooth Shooting, Rogue-lite elements!"
,Recommended,442780,35451162,Posted: 3 October,all,Ｍｅｇａｎｏｍａｎｉx,"I just will tell you one thing, besides a great computer, you will also need a fairly large amount of vaseline"
,Recommended,442780,35476645,Posted: 4 October,all,A_Literal_Train,"TL;DRA love letter to 90's gaming, and all the joys and pain that come with it.Actual review:Strafe has no problem being cliche, they know that they are. The story-line is beyond simple. It's a joke really. You are a spacemarine (of varying gender identy, which was apreciated) tasked with picking up scrap from some old ship named ICARUS (that's at least 3 tropes right there)To the surpise of nobody, it has monsters! So, you are given one of 3 (and a secret 4th, shhh) weapons, which all behave as expected.Machine Gun: high fire-rate, somwhat accurate, low damage, grenade launcherShotgun: Low fire-rate, innacurate, high damage...grenade launcher.Rail Gun: Low fire-rate, precise accuracy, obscene damage and...*sigh* grenade launcher.It's a shame, I would've liked to see some varience to the secondary fire, but ah well.What the game lacks in actual secondaries, it makes up for with a huge arsenal of weapons that can be found scattered throughout the level. These have a wide range of usefullness, such as straight upgrades to the basic aresenal, as well as rocket launchers, and a weird air blast gun that I personally hate.What makes these interesting is that they all have one clip each, and when it runs out, the weapon turns into a one-use, one hit KO melee, and you're back to the stock. While at first I wasn't down for it, it really does make these weapons feel like their worth more.The enemies!Each zone (of which there are 4) have a generally unique set of enemies, ranging from close quaters to long range. I'm not going to go into all of them, as there has been a recent update, and I legit do not know how many are in this game now. (that's a good thing) For the most part, these guys go down easy, in large, unrealistic spurts of blood and viscera. It's very satisfying, and a ton of fun to take down waves of them.Level DesignWowie, another randomly generated game! So innovative! This game does it just as well as most randomly generated games. Nothing special, but each run does at least feel a little unique. I'd rate the random generation as a ""slightly above meh"".However, anyone who's played the original DOOM games can attest to the problem I'm about to bring up.The maze-like corridors, and the fact that every single wall looks identical, can make it particularly hard to navigate. This is fine for more linear levels, as the blood splatters are a good indicator you've been this way, but some levels require backing through previous areas, and I find myself getting lost very quick, and it's not fun in the slightest. This is more of a problem with the genre of space shooter though, and not something I hold against the devs. However, I will hold the absolutely awful map against them. I'm probably just stupid, but I cannot for the life of me understand how to read the map!Other things:The newst update added daily runs (sick!) speedrun weeks (nice!) and a way to unlock optional game modifiers as you play (Radical, Dude!)There are TONS of very well hidden secerets (and it's not just mashing use on walls, thank the Gods), as well as a completely different game-mode hidden around in the menu!Conclusion: Pretty rad game, would recomend at full price, but does have some big flaws. All in all, I love STRAFE!"
,Not Recommended,442780,32146218,Posted: 3 June,all,Littlebert,"Probably the worst money I ever spent in 20 years + of gaming.Totally unfinished buggy mess at launch, still doesnt even run properly for me after 5 patches, I won't waste any more time on it, just wished to god I could get my money back, never felt quite so ripped off.The marketing and adverts were amazing, but that expected from dudes that made music videos before they made this game.  Game is beyond awful, in so many ways, Just don't bother.22 of my friends owned this on launch day, now it's only 8. This tells you everything you need to know.Edited to say the music was actually really good, Would consider picking up the OST"
76561198008157353,Not Recommended,442780,31661947,Posted: 10 May,all,[N.O.O.B.] David,Can't recommend this game as is. Maybe aftsr some patches. Right now its mostly an unbalanced hallway shooter.Walk into a doorway and they 10+ fast moving enemies run straight at you before you can even enter the room forcing you to back peddle in every room.Enemies dont really have sound ques either making it an even worse idea to run into a room full enemies because you will be surrounded and get hit. The mechanics just don't really work well together.Buying anything at shops or scraping for armor or ammo is too expensive. Also as far as i know there's no way to really know what an item is or does until you buy it.I wanted to like this game and i really hope the devs listen to the critique and fix the glaring issues.
,Recommended,442780,31652906,Posted: 9 May,all,Hvis den enorme mutteren tar oss,SO TIGHT
,Recommended,442780,31660683,Posted: 10 May,all,AmarokFGC,"Gory, violent, visceral combat. Amazing music and weapons. The 90's presentation is top-notch. I'm having a lot of fun with this game, and if you can overlook some minor drawbacks on a budget-priced indie game, I think you'll have a good time too."
76561198037445874,Recommended,442780,31655128,Posted: 9 May,all,Cryo,"A fun, bloody rogue-like homage to the era of 90's FPS."
,Recommended,442780,31657570,Posted: 9 May,all,Powerboy,"Just cracking into the game, but the visual style and gameplay is just as advertised. The gunplay isn't nearly as punchy and satisfying as you would find in the new Doom or Wolfenstein, but I still find it to be very enjoyable. Each primary weapon is quite distinct, maybe not as much as they should be, but different enough, the same can be said about the many side weapons. The maps are chaotic and well varied, not random to the point of being unwelcome to the player. The music ranges from great to underwhelming. The enemy models are very distinct and exciting. It's dificult, visually refreshing, and just what I expected."
,Recommended,442780,31654780,Posted: 9 May,all,Magical Purple Man,"A pretty fun Roguelike FPS game, though it does have some issues that really hold it back.In this review I'll mostly be going over what I don't like about it, but don't get me wrong, the combat is visceral and cathartic with a art style that oozes charm and retro vibes and amazing soundtrack to go with it. It's just plain fun and I can't wait to put even more hours into the game.For the main 'campaign' you travel across 4 zones that have 3 levels each, Icarus, Black Canyon, The Burbs and Athena, with many different secret levels along the way to earn bonuses during your run, all the main zones are made out of pre-made handcrafted rooms, and then a selection of them are used to make the level, this works fairly well (sole exception being Icarus the first stage, where it's too cramped to use your movement options easily and it all ends up being fairly samey.)Aside from the main campaign you have the MurderZone, where you have to survive 10 gauntlets of increasingly tougher enemies where as you slay them their pints of blood are used to unlock permanent upgrades for the MurderZone. There are 8 total arenas (2 for each zone) to play this mode in.Also coming in the future as a free update are STRAFEZone and SpeedZone (essentially weekly and daily seeded runs).While I do give a recommendation to it for these reasons it is vital to go over what holds it back.While it's reported to have some performance issues I can't really speak from experience myself as it has always ran nearly perfectly for me.For weapons you start the game with 1 gun selected from the 3 presented to you (Shotgun, Assault Rifle and Railgun, or alternatively you can pick none and go with a wrench upon starting the run), which are your primary weapons which can be upgraded with different shooting patterns and secondary fires.Other weapons you'll be picking up are only temporary, with only 1 clip of ammo available when picking it up, when you expend that ammo you gotta smash it across an enemy for heavy damage and hope to find another later. Most/ all of these are considerably powerful/ versatile in comparison to your default standard weapon.(I personally really liked this system as it keeps you using different weapons constantly to save ammo.)The biggest issue with STRAFE is the complete drought of HP, Ammo and currency drops, none of which drop frequently enough to allow you to play anything but a relatively defensive 'hide around corner and shoot when they walk around it', enemy's deal heavy damage, fully replacing your shield is nearly impossible without hording mountains of scrap and hp is almost if not harder to come by, only being found naturally in food dispensers (which hold 20-50 hp depending on your luck), because of this,manoeuvres like rocket or grenade jumps are grossly unusable due to the sheer importance of hp and shields.After a recent update where they buffed health machines a bit and just generally more playtime I feel like its safe to say I really don't think this is an issue any more, chests with scrap in them can be shot for multiple scrap drops (did not know at time of writing) that gives you tons of scrap, which feeds into more Credits and more shields which naturally end up recovering your hp (since you can avoid taking hp damage until you find a food machine). Along with all of that ammo is just as plentiful as it's always been and if you get low you can buy ammo for ridiculously cheap prices. Though I still stand by the point that most rocket jumps and such are almost always not worth it considering how important health management is.Credits used in shops is found in pitiful amounts with the exchange rate on scrap to credits being insanely tipped against your favour (3500-ish scrap for 25 credits) making it so you can often only barely buy 1 item. This however is allivieated the more you play, as you start discovering secrets which grant you credits at the end of them, you take less damage so you don't end up spending as much scrap on shields, and you can even feel confident to just start shooting the shopkeepers and their guard robots to loot their stuff for free.Ammo is consumed in clips (so if you reload with 4 bullets left you lose those 4 bullets) which can really cripple your ammo consumption on weapons such as the Assault Rifle, while Ammo has never been a huge issue for me, it is worth noting that it's been reported as an issue from some people.There's probably more to go into but I can't be bothered right at this moment.Overall I'd still say STRAFE is a fun FPS roguelike that if given careful continued post-launch support, could turn into something really special. Well deserving of atleast a 8/10."
,Recommended,442780,31660490,Posted: 9 May,all,Sabreman,"This is a very fun ROGUELIKE FPS! It's not quake or doom and it was never supposed to be. It's just styled to look ""retro"" and is honestly really fun. In my opinion it hits all the desing goals it set out to hit!Yes, there are things that could be improved (health, economy, etc) but I would 100% recommend this game to people looking for an FPS Roguelike!"
,Recommended,442780,31672530,Posted: 10 May,all,mantisenator,It's pretty much like the trailer shows. I can see some of the points of the negative reviews but none of that has been bothering me much. It's fun!
,Recommended,442780,31676087,Posted: 10 May,all,SNIPER B.O.S.C.O!,"Look gang theres a lot of fools writing bad reviews on this game because they didnt know it was a rogue-lite. That info has been out there since day one and they are just dopes who did not read the store page or anything about the game.That said, I, a cool smart guy, have some opinions about this game.Good parts:- Great music- Great graphics- Blood- Lots of references to classic fps games, in level design and weapons- Lots of weapons- Gibs- Obviously made with love and care- FMV videos (classic)Bad parts:- I was going to write weapons too quiet, but they literally fixed that as I was writing this- Monsters bee-line for you from far away. 90s monsters could be pretty dumb, but it would be nice to see more varied behaviour, or at least the doom style thing of having to 'wake up' the monsters in distant rooms before they chase you.- You aren't told what some items do, like the stat pickup things. They added a bunch of info to the shop in the patch just now so hopefully they add more later.- The feel of some of the explosives is a little off. It doesn't really propel gibs or ragdolls very far.- More noticable hit markers / hurt animations for the monsters would be good, to feel like the weapons are hitting harder.My biggest issue:- Health is way too scarce. There are one or two pickups per level, and an armour crafting machine you have to spend a ton of scrap in to get even 25 points of armour. Managing your health was always a part of 90s fps games, but there were pickups everywhere. I'd rather they put in more pickups and just have monsters do more damage. I don't like feeling like i'm 'rationing' my actions in an action based game.So anyway I think they can fix the shortcomings of the game at the moment, they've already shown good steps in that direction, and I think the game is fun and I wish them all the best."
,Recommended,442780,31668105,Posted: 10 May,all,PixelRush,"Okay,  so I've played about an hour of the game so far, and I kinda see where all the negative reviews are coming from. I, however, do like this game and appreciate it for what it is rather than what I wanted it to be. We were kinda led to believe it was a classic FPS campaign, not a rogue-lite. While I would have preferred a more DOOM-styled campaign (especially since the 2016 revival was one of my favorite games of last year), I think this is a good enough game in its own right. I haven't encountered any major performance issues, aside from a severe frame drop a couple of times in between levels, and I chalked that up to the game loading in the next level. The gunplay is fun, the dynamic blood and persistent gore is really cool, and the guns I pick up in between levels make the runs more interesting. One of the major issues I have with the game is that, since it is a new styled Isaac-influenced rogue-lite, conserving your health is a real issue. Health is scarce as you would expect from these kind of games, but that one addition changes so much from Doom idea of level design. Having health stations you find instead of health pickups scattered around everywhere forces you to change your strategy from how you probably played Doom, playing it safe to stay alive and making it a less intense firefight. Overall, I think this game is worth playing unless you're absolutely sick of these Isaac-styled permadeath games that are everywhere. Maybe pick it up during a sale."
76561198084630040,Recommended,442780,31659273,Posted: 9 May,all,Mikko Cyprien,"I really like this game, I don't quite understand the amount of negative reviews it's getting.It has its flaws (listed below), but I think the gameplay is great fun. I really enjoy the shooting mechanics. I love the presentation; the 90's themed graphics are spot on and have a certain charm. I like the gore and overall humor of the game; it doesn't take itself too seriously. Exploring the levels is fun, and you are rewarded for doing so. You have to carefully manage your ammo, health, scrap, and credits. However...-more tutorials are needed-a melee attack would be nice-addition of footstep sounds for enemies is sorely needed-meatier gun sounds are needed-more ammo for pickup weapons is needed-a game mode that encourages fast-paced ""push forward"" tactics where enemies simply drop health and/or ammo when killed instead of scrap would be amazing-more shooty enemies and less stabby enemies are needed, in my opinion, for more of a challenge-a louder sound for the acid spitters would be appreciated so you know if one is targeting youOnce you get past the first level, Icarus station, the level design and variety of enemies completely changes, and new weapons become available. It seems like people criticizing the level design haven't played longer than the 30-40 minutes it takes to get through Icarus station.Also, if you take the time to find at least a couple of the secrets and really search each level for scrap you should have enough to buy upgrades, they really aren't as impossible to afford as lots of the reviews claim.So, overall, I recommend this game to people who enjoy roguelike, are just looking for something unique, or are casual fans of retro shooters. But not, perhaps, to those expecting the child of DOOM and Quake... although I understand the frustration from that community because the publishers marketed STRAFE to be a true successor to the 90's FPS giants. It is, however, a 90's themed roguelike shooter that you can still have a wacky great time playing."
76561198017316728,Recommended,442780,35439834,Posted: 3 October,all,Vex'd,"As someone who shied away from the game when it initially launched over the reviews, the update seems to have made the game a much more forgiving experience (well, short of dying anyway). That being said I didn't play the original iteration to compare it to the updated version, but having been able to reach the final level on the fifth attempt, it's certainly a doable winnable experience."
,Recommended,442780,31661046,Posted: 10 May,all,Mentok The Great,fast pace rouge shooter with 90's  visual love itp.s this will punch in your no no area
,Recommended,442780,35450199,Posted: 3 October,all,Faceless King,Everything I love about shooters combined:- Fast gameplay- Gore- satisfying guns10/10
76561198010422503,Recommended,442780,31652236,Posted: 9 May,all,Absolute Taters!!,beat the game in 2 minutes with VV-1N2\10 could have had more gameplay
,Recommended,442780,31689635,Posted: 11 May,all,Mr. Narrator,Pretty good actually.
76561198348464910,Recommended,442780,31862446,Posted: 20 May,all,LowGcifer,"This is a fun game, but it isn't for everyone. Even those who love the classic DOOM and Quake games--like myself--won't be pleased with this. Nevertheless, I had fun playing STRAFE®. The game itself is very charming, with Zones 1-3 feeling special and unique. Zone 4 is kind of bland, but whatever, it goes by the fastest. The game is very fast, and also very hard. Zone 1 is actually the hardest zone to me as I spawn with no upgrades. STRAFE® could do just fine without the Rogue-like aspect to it. It feels cheap at times, and no meaningful progress is ever made. The ""randomly generated"" (code for ""a bunch of pre-made rooms put together randomly"") levels are excellent, but are ruined by the intense repetition a new player will experience. STRAFE® would be even better if it just had a save/load function, but then the game would feel short. STRAFE® is not meant to be played through just a few times, so even if a save/load feature would ""shorten"" playthroughs, the game would be just fine as you can play through a different series of levels next time. I've yet to encounter repeated rooms in zones 2, 3. and 4. However, I have been seeing a few repeated segments in Zone 1 because I had to repeat it so often. Pixel Titans seems dedicated to patching and supporting their game, and hopefully they'll do something about the painfully repetitive nature of the game. One should not be forced to dedicate an hour or two to beating a game, and should be able to spread it out through as many play sessions as one wants.PROS:-Fast Gameplay!-Quake-like feel!-Unique weapons in the later zones!-Replayability!-The random generation is top notch!-You can become extraordinarily powerful by the end of a run!-Zones 1-3 are unique and truly excellent!CONS:-Zone 1 can be so brutal that you play the game more like COD than DOOM-A few glitches-Some enemies don't make any noises, leading to cheap shots from behind-The weapons found in zone 1 and 2 aren't terribly original or unique-The weapons don't have that ""oomph"" that even DOOM, Brutal DOOM, or Project Bruality have (Quake weapons felt weak too, maybe Pixel Titans was going for a Quake feel in weapons...)-Roguelike features make the game cheap, and force you to play for a few hours to complete a run... without dying.-Zone 4 is kinda lame.-Extreme fram drops in between levels-Frame drops during high octane action.-There's a part of Zone 4 where I drop from 60-100 fps to 30-35fps.7/10. Nothing that can't be fixed in patches. Worth 20 dollars? No, wait for it to go on sale."
,Recommended,442780,32990366,Posted: 29 June,all,bram.klinkhamer,"I was hesitating a bit when i bought this game because everyone said it was bad. Eventually i just bought it because i 'wanted to get some'. Thought i haven't finished it yet (i'm stuck at the end boss) , i don't think it is bad at all! If you're hesitating too, just go for it. A lot of optimization and sound stuff has been done already too, there is even an easy mode for whoever thinks their face might be molten off. In the begining it might have been much worse, but it seems to be improving quite fast.Strafe is a good game and doesn't deserve to be hated.(edit: I finished the game now and it was SO TIGHT :D )"
,Recommended,442780,32971473,Posted: 28 June,all,SchnozBott,"Quake II: Roguelike EditionUPDATE: There are still some game breaking bugs, but the developer is working on them.My best advice having put in some more hours to anyone looking to try this game is this:Don't play the game for what you want it to be.  Enjoy the game that it actually is, and it is quite good.  Yes it's pretty hard, but not nearly as hard as some shooters I've played throughout the 25 or so years the genre has been around.My one complaint is that Strafe doesn't telegraph it's mechanics very well by itself.  I had to look at some guides to find out what the upgrades you find actually do.  It's worth learning the mechanics, the game is much easier once you know what is what."
76561198043522334,Recommended,442780,33493972,Posted: 12 July,all,Tops,"What I wanted ""Enter the Gungeon"" to be...Also Bakernatorz Can't handel the intense gameplay."
,Not Recommended,442780,31669329,Posted: 10 May,all,itsubitsu,"Review from (May 10th 2017), This game could use work and become good and then this won't be relevant, but for now:+Very good aesthetics and visuals+Very cool UI-All guns feel limp, probably due to enemy hurt/death animations being poor or nonexistent and the gun audio being consistently poor across the board-Only carry one weapon-The other weapons you find are all worse than your primary and only have one magazine, cannot get more ammo for them in any way-Very basic, bee-line pathfinding that tracks you through walls on every enemy. cannot even be described as ""AI""-Procedural maps connect rooms at tiny chokes-Combine the previous two points to get a game that encourages zero offensive maneuvers, only viable maneuver is to kite enemies to a choke and wipe them-The railgun is insanely overpowered, can clean anywhere from 20-80% of a room before even triggering the enemies who live there-Combine the previous two points to get a game that doesn't feel like being a badass warrior under seige, I felt more like I was playing Jet Force Gemini but my goal was to kill all the little goat people instead of rescue them.-The railgun is a primary weapon that acts that way from the start of the game-Reloading does not belong in this game-In my time playing, I fell out of the map 4 times. Falling out of the map always softlocks the game, forcing you to restart your run-The alternate wave-based mode breaks in other ways too, such as locking you in the airlock portion between rooms during the fight, and you can just shoot the parts of enemies that clip through the entry door as they run towards your position. After the fight, the room disappears and you drop out of the map, forcing a restart.-Picking up scrap from dead enemies is a dumb mechanic that no one has ever found fun. Just call it XP and put it straight in my inventory, stop slowing me down from the thing I want to do (SHOOTING GUYS) please.This game has potential to be good, but it isn't currently worth more than 8 or so dollars, and that's for people who want a BoI FPS with a lot of problems."
,Recommended,442780,31673357,Posted: 10 May,all,Fridgeworks,"I would recommend this game if it were in a steam sale, it's flawed but I find it fun for what it is.Pros:-It's hard.-Fantastic presentation in graphics.-The gore system makes kills satisfying-The graphics do evoke a late 90s shooter aspect, if you've played Star Trek: Elite Force (might be too far ahead) or quake then it has a similar style.-The music is pretty decent, but something like BUTCHER's soundtrack would have been more appropriate-The procedural generation is a nice addition to the game, as rooms are pre-designed and just knitted together it never feels too janky.-It's fun and allows for strafe-jumping, rocket jumps and bunnyhopping.-Guns are interesting, have alternate fire modes and they've included something similar to Unreals shock rifle.-It can be quite funny at times.-Contains FMV sequences.-The dev team is supporting the game quite well, already fixed a bug I had where I could only select 3 resolutions total.Cons:-Performance isn't great on low-end PC's, my 970 can handle it but my 560 can't.-The game lags when loading new content, a loading screen would have been better in some areas.-The guns and sfx sound weak, not enough bass or punch in alot of them.-The AI is basic (from what I've seen, now managed to reach the black canyon), most will run straight at you, one is stuck to a wall and fires heat seaking acid shots and the only marksman-esque one stands at mid-range and fires at you. But with later levels, their abilities increase and get FAR more interesting.-Doesn't do wall-jumping ):-Incredibly limited options, can't turn down quality.-Doesn't support 4:3 resolutions, for a 90s game dear god why.-The procedural generation is kind of boring, as said above due to the pre-constructred rooms knitted together they do get samey.All in all I'd say it's worth playing, but not at the asking price.I'm keeping my copy and will be updating this review as development progresses, hope the devs keep improving this product and fix the AI/""game feel""/performance issues (my main gripes).If I get past level 1-4 I'll also update the review even more for AI and enemy variety, could be the game is AMAZING past a certain point."
,Not Recommended,442780,31662781,Posted: 10 May,all,Tsugan,"As many other reviews have already stated, the game really lacks in a lot of areas. Even the more powerful guns feel wimpy to fire, if it weren't for the gratuitous amounts of blood coming out of the enemies, you could hardly tell you were shooting a gun at all. Health and armor pickups are extraordinarily rare, forcing players to do anything but STRAFE - rather, peeking around corners and luring enemies into corridors is the prefered tactic. For a game that sells itself as a high octane FPS, this does not bode well.IMO the game also suffers from some conflicting design decisions. It encourages fast movement, but you can take significant fall damage - slowing down movement in areas that would otherwise be very dynamic. Along the same line, one particular enemy, the player-seeking mine spawners on walls, spews out caustic yellow gunk when it or its mines are killed, turning the ground where it lands into health evaporating morass. Even a little drop of it somewhere can quickly and annoyingly lose you precious HP.Aside from those issues, the game, being a roguelike, purposefully obfuscates what all the things in the game do, but unlike other roguelikes does a very poor job of indicating what pushing that button for 2000 scrap actually did. STRAFE doesn't feel like much thought was put into it beyond ""90s campy sci-fi shooter roguelike,"" and like their marketing suggests, the game feels like it was made in 1996 without any of the innovations in the 21 years since."
,Not Recommended,442780,31674345,Posted: 10 May,all,Tpapi,"I don't like it because I was expecting fun and diverse enemies but for the most part they are all just mindless bots that run toward you upfront...so most of the time you are just moving backwards while shooting.Most enemies belong to that category, the other is small pieces of wall that will attack you out of nowhere and harm you greatly...this is most of the times what kills you. So yeah, the game is underwhelming and lame overall."
,Not Recommended,442780,31670610,Posted: 10 May,all,promje,"The following is an excerpt from the full review here:http://promyy.pl/posts/strafe-not-exactly-a-reviewSome parts may be taken out of context, I recommend reading the full version.Before we talk about STRAFE, I think it's important to define what exactly Devolver Digital presented the game as before its release - an old-school, fast paced, action-packed rougelike shooter inspired by mid-90s hit titles. Unfortunately, it seems more attention was given to pre-release promotional materials that to the actual gameplay.I honestly don't remember having been so hyped about a game in a long time. After all, STRAFE promised to deliver gameplay I've been seeking in modern titles and haven't been getting enough of. Skillful movement, satisfying gunplay and gut-wrenching gore, all in a shell of nostalgic, pixelated graphics - it's all in the trailers, screenshots, early gameplays. However, playing the game yourself paints a completely different picture.For a game that promises to be a fast-paced shooter akin to titles like Quake or DOOM, STRAFE is terribly slow and in fact promotes conservative and defensive approach. There are many factors that lead to this - absolutely terrible weapon accuracy (or in the case of the railgun - terrible firing speed), horrendous AI, low ammo count and availability and too sparsely located health regeneration items. Enemies will only ever attack the player if they are attacked directly or the player steps into their detection area, after which they will find the shortest path to reach the player and attempt (and somehow often fail) to deal damage to the character or shoot at him from the distance.Levels in STRAFE are terrible on many degrees at the same time. For starters, variety in the levels is minimal. After having played about 2 hours I've realized each ""world"" (of which there are 4) is made out of some 20 or 30 unique rooms that are combined in a few different ways to make the levels. This lack of variety means that by your fifth or sixth run in each world you'll see pretty much every type of generated level there is to see. What makes this problem even worse is the quality of the pre-built content itself - levels are made up of elements that simply don't work well with the overall pace and gameplay of STRAFE. While the game has a nice and pretty decent movement system, you will almost never actually get to use it, not only because of the way enemies behave and how terrible the guns are, but also because there is almost no place to actually use it in. The maps are claustrophobically tiny and narrow, as well as filled with objects and spaces limiting your movement options, such as exploding barrels, acid pools, railings and much more.The guns terribly lack some degree of punch to them. They feel more like toys or laser tag shooters rather than actual deadly cannons capable of all the gore in the game. Accuracy is another factor - both the shotgun and the assault rifles, weapons I assume players will spend most time playing with, are so terribly inaccurate it's almost funny.Thankfully, STRAFE has some saving graces. The art style is one of the most positive sides of the entire title; it does a great job of conveying the nostalgic feel of older shooters while being rather stylish and colorful enough to pass as a nice looking game overall. Better level design would help the game even further, as many generated maps are too bland and grey, but rich lighting effects and many background items and textures make up for this. Sadly, there are some parts where performance tanks completely and very consistently, such as the ending of each level and even the main menu under some circumstances. This, I feel, has no place in a title with such stylized graphics. The soundtrack is a big plus, as it not only fits the theme of the game well but also gives it a nice action-packed feel. Not so much can be said about sound effects, most of which feel cheap or even unfinished.Overall, despite my rather overwhelming negativity towards it, STRAFE isn't terrible. But it's also not good, and it absolutely doesn't deliver on the promises given before its release. For a game supposedly based on the most influential shooters in history, Pixel Titan's title doesn't manage to capture the most important part of those games - gameplay. Instead of an action-packed, crazy hardcore entertainment we're given an FPS rougelike that isn't even the best FPS rougelike by Devolver."
76561197995574424,Recommended,442780,35432960,Posted: 2 October,all,Doom Squid,"I passed on this game initially, reading those early mixed reviews that claimed it ""failed at being Quake,"" though also because it was a bit more pricey than most indies.But then I decided to give it a go myself when it was on sale. Cause I love Quake and Quake II.I dunno where it was when it launched, but right now, Strafe is actually pretty cool! The shooting and moving is quick. It nails Quake II sensations very well. You can headshot enemies, blast off limbs, and create the good ol' gibs, with the bonus of painting rooms red in arterial spray. The graphics are an effective, fun throw back to 1990s low-poly shooter aesthetics, not something you see often, let alone done this well. It feels like you're playing an old classic you missed back in the day.Strafe is not just a Quake clone despite the marketing. Actually, it's equal parts System Shock and Bioshock as much as it is Quake II. It has Bioshock style weapon upgrade stations (which nicely change gun behavior). It has scrap stations you can trade enemy debris in at for ammo or armor, whatever you need at the time. It has perks you can buy find or buy in shops. Then there's the rogue-style, Ironman element. You have to complete the game on basically one life, but it's levels are randomized every time you play!In short, there's a lot going on here. And it works very well.Sure the enemy AI is not at Quake II's level. Which is to say, things only run at you, jump at you, or shoot at you... and don't do much else. They don't take cover or employ any tactics. This is pretty minor, though it is a bit sad to see enemies just sitting in a room, waiting to be triggered. It may also have been marketed in a goofy way, making it out like this was Quake 2.5...Though it is totally not that, it's still a nice mosh pit of elements from other ""golden age"" shooters that is fun to kill monsters in and challenging enough that I still want to do another run when I die.Also, best tutorial I have ever played. Don't miss that, seriously!"
76561198047394515,Recommended,442780,31660004,Posted: 9 May,all,Rick Sanchez,"A great throwback to 90's fps classics like Quake with a rougelike twist.One of my favorite gaming experiences I had this year.The gunplay is great, the soundtrack and overall style is gorgeous and there is a great variety in weaponry and playstyle experimentation. But that's not all;  there is even VR support coming. I can't wait to try the game with my Oculus and Touch setup.But be warned:You won't enjoy it if you can't manage to be frustrated with unfair enemy, ammunition and weapon placement or the fact that you have only one life to complete the game. (unless you repair teleporters)For this price any old school FPS fan should give this a go!!!"
76561197996573783,Not Recommended,442780,31669029,Posted: 10 May,all,Pieminator,"Overall disapointing,While achieving the 90's look, sound, and feel the game completly falls flat at the Gameplay department.Weapons don't feel powerful at all, controls are sticky, you have no idea where you're going while the map sucks and the levels design is all over the place.The rouge-lite elements are weak, you'll find different weapons that aren't even that good, perks which you have no idea what they're doing and upgrades that SCREWS your weapon.The most suprising thing is how this game feels unfinished even though it was developed for a while, which increases my disappointed from the game.You want a GOOD rouge-lite game with tons of guns? buy Enter the Gungeon, not this crap."
76561198029875494,Recommended,442780,34175664,Posted: 11 August,all,cheechnya,STRAFE is pretty good.
,Recommended,442780,35462036,Posted: 3 October,all,DoctorChocolate,"Better than Killing Room, Fancy Skulls, Eldritch, Heavy Bullets, Bunker Punks, Paranautical Activity, Immortal Redneck, Rogue Shooter, Ziggurat, Delver, Barony, Tower of Guns, and the CODWWII Beta."
,Recommended,442780,31671085,Posted: 10 May,all,CrunchyMuffin,"It seems the people who are upset with this game are those who still let themselves get hyped for games in the year 2017.  If you are one of those people, then maybe you'll dislike this game.  For the rest of us who are sane human beings, STRAFE is a fun rogue-like FPS.  It certainly has its faults, such as really unclear perks/upgrades, reptitive level designs despite saying it's randomly generated, and ammo issues.  The rest of the game, however, is good ol' fashioned fun.  If you go in expecting some engrossing shooting like from DOOM 2016, then you'll be disappointed.  For a $20 shooter though, it does it's job and you'll get a decent amount of fun out of it.The graphics are a little muddy and could use some touching up.  An issue I'm having is that in order to find secrets, you need to shoot little gray boxes on the walls that cause a passage to open up.  It's difficult to find these boxes because they blend in with the color scheme of the walls.  Things you can or can't interact with can sometimes be unclear as well.  These things never really took away from my overall experience though.  Just minor annoyances.The perks/upgrades system is very archaic as well.  I'm not sure why rogue-likes still do this style of upgrades where you aren't told what things do.  I understand that Binding of Isaac does that too, but there it kind of works because your character goes through a visual change that hints to what the upgrade does.  In STRAFE, there is nothing like that.  Maybe your gun will look a little different, but it's very unclear what the upgrades do and it's one of those games where you should have a wiki open at all times.Those are my two complaints with the game.  Other than that, I've been enjoying my time with it and it's a good distraction.  It's not some 10/10 revolutionary rogue-like.  I'd give it a 7/10 just because of how much fun it can be.  If you nitpick, you'll find a bunch of things to trash on it for, but STRAFE is the kind of game where you just need to turn your brain off to enjoy it.  There's nothing wrong with games like that and being overly critical of this game seems unfair to me.  If you like shooters, I'd say give STRAFE a shot.  At worst, you're losing out on $20."
,Recommended,442780,31651234,Posted: 9 May,all,Acronid,"Honestly, not what I expected.I wanted some badass shooter, but instead got a roguelike game where you try to survive instead of killing and be rewarded for kills properly. It encourages cowardly style gameplay to preserve health and shields (since replentishing are rare) instead of more action oriented approach, like in original Doom or Doom 2016.Still, I can surely recommend the game, because there are people outthere who would like that type of gameplay.But not me."
,Recommended,442780,31718775,Posted: 13 May,all,GamerChex,"The aesthetic is very DOOM/Quake like, but plays like a typical rogue lite. You do your best, die, repeat, until you beat the game. There is so many secrets just like in DOOM/Quake which I enjoy sticking around the begining levels just to find them all. Learn how to do the first level like the back of your hand, you'll pick up on the procedurally generated maps pretty fast. All the levels are split into three parts. The challenge really starts at the 2nd level, use the wall bugs as grenades. Good Luck!"
,Recommended,442780,31690620,Posted: 11 May,all,Phosphorus,"Great game, but don't let the graphics fool you. It can get really laggy on a computer that's no built for gaming. I'm hoping for an optimization patch so... crossing my fingers."
76561197977146676,Not Recommended,442780,31676401,Posted: 10 May,all,riesr101,"Taking a late 90's style shooter and making a roguelite out of it is a cute idea... sadly this is a pretty poor homage to Quake, DOOM 2, Duke Nukem 3d, etc.  The art may be 'retro' but it is also ugly and tiresome to look at.  Even worse, the sound design is uninspired for the weapons, and almost non-existent for the enemies.  The buggy interface, worthless map view, and lack of information on what items and powerups actually do are also annoyances.The shooting lacks the frantic fun of the best of the 90s for several reasons: you have to reload, you are locked into using the weapon you start with for 90% of the run as all secondary pickups are strictly one clip each, areas are small enough that having an opportunity to actually circle-strafe is very rare (and you are only equally fast as enemies when moving backwards or sideways any way), and health items are so few and far between that taking even two or three hits per level often feels like failure.  As a result, the winning strategy is to choose the rail gun, the only weapon with any long range capability, and slowly funnel enemies into corridors as you occasionally side step the few enemy types that fire back.They may smooth out the difficulty by increasing the amount of health you have access to, they may improve the gunplay by making using some of the more interesting weapons viable, it's conceivable they could overhaul the sound design and add some wider rooms and hallways to the level generation and replace the worst of the offensively ugly textures, but I wouldn't count on it."
76561198185544415,Not Recommended,442780,31959360,Posted: 25 May,all,FlipsVsTheWorld,"A facet of a failed throwback and homage to 90's FPS! It fails in almost what seems to be every way possible to be an FPS from the 90's! All the negativity you heard about this game is true and justifiable. If only they put more time and money into the game rather then its advertisments.                                                                                                                                                Personally, what TotalBiscut, GGGmanlives, and even what Icaruslives say about this game in thier videos is what I would like to put into this review. Although, I will not waste my time since I already wasted around 7 hours of time into Strafe.              So, yeah. All in all. This game was such a big disappointment. After 2 years of hype all that it has proven is that it needs another 2 years in the devolpment cycle."
,Not Recommended,442780,31664590,Posted: 10 May,all,matej,"I really wish there was a middle option for recommendations on steam. I can see what they're going for here, with the retro 90s feel to it, however the combat system isn't fluid enough like Quake/Doom that clearly inspired the development. At the moment I can't recommend the game in it's current state. A refund has been requested, maybe I'll come back if the game is patched in the future."
76561198002560836,Recommended,442780,35110000,Posted: 21 September,all,Esty was here,"absolutely amazing fast paced, bloody, action packed, fps roguelike. Leader in its class of game. This last huge update (currently playable to everyone) made a great game even more polished and gave it TONS of free content.  I produce tons of content for it heretwitch.tv/esty8nineif you need tips/help, or you just need to see  fast gameplay you dont have to cower in fear any more ! >=)"
76561198088293100,Not Recommended,442780,31653053,Posted: 9 May,all,Veritas,"I bet you're trying to decide whether or not this game is worth your time.  Well, if you're looking for a FPS in the vein of Doom, Duke Nukem, Wolfenstein, etc, go somewhere else.  This is another one of those s***ty roguelikes which a lot of indie devs who don't know how to make content for a game flock to.0/10 wouldn't even give it to a friend as a joke gift.I recommend checking out DUSK, it looks a little bit promising."
,Recommended,442780,31649642,Posted: 9 May,all,Slojoe17or76,"Game of the year every year since 1996...Strafe is totally rad bro!Classic gameplay consistant gore and blood the golden age of gaming is back baby!P.S. People who are mad about dificulty f**k yes it is hard, I personally like a good chalange, thus why I bought BUTCHER where the easiest difficult is hard unless you get wimp mode, yes this doesnt have that...It takes raw old school skill, and as a hardcore Quake vet things like bunny hoping and rocketjumping accompanied by my meticulous hours practicing rails and flick shots in games since it was really the 90's...I am pretty f**king good at this, you can get up to a speed faster than the original dooms if you b'hop right and boy does it save your G.D life...I have a huge soft spot for the 90s aesthetic games where just fun f**k story the gameplay was what you bought it for and for the love of all things RAD I can't stop playing this seriously this game is fun, sure if you cant get past the first few levels and they reset and change every time and you get a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ layout keep going learn the weapons and upgrades they all have a special use and if you are too dumb or stuborn to take the time to learn the mechanics I don't know what to say, I almost beat the game legitimatly today within 2 hrs I was 1 level away from the last world and did something stupid this game is not the ""Mindless shooter"" of yesterday while yes it plays like one it takes a lot of thought, I.E. How do I traverse the area to give me the best posible payout for my ammo, there is a lot to learn and it, like most old games says hey eff you learn on your own, I love that, that was what I grew up with...I get it's actually 2017 people are not as use to these types of games anymore but f**k as a old school purist this♥♥♥♥♥♥makes me smile like I'm back in the day booting up doom or quake 2 for the first time, It is incredible and I would highly recomend it, these negitive reveiws are insane...I havent had this much actual fun playing a video game in decades, if you click the other monitor it pulls up a old DOS box type thing and promps you to type murderzone.exe which launches the survival which is a good way to hone your shooting and movement skills in a less you got through 5 levels and exploded now start over from scratch, which you unlock more items and maps from the actual campaign as you progress, I'm done talking about how much I really love this game, I'm going to go play untill my time hits 12hrs.**UPDATE I just beat lvl 1-1, 1-2-,and 1-3 in 4 mins 9 seconds overall"
,Recommended,442780,31652927,Posted: 9 May,all,Revic,"Very fun and fast paced Roguelike shooter with a lot of personality.  Procedurally generated levels and tight controls with a focus on movement and when you catch your rhythm the highs are up there with DOOM.Lots of roguelike elements.  Powerups, buying shields and ammo, purchasing upgrades with varying degrees of effectiveness.Reminds me of another game i loved, Ziggurat."
,Recommended,442780,31653038,Posted: 9 May,all,redas,Sick!
,Recommended,442780,31672670,Posted: 10 May,all,CoffeeFrame,"Kickstarter backer here. It's exactly what I expected from the speedrun alpha. Controls are tight and levels are tense, good situational awareness  is required to survive."
76561198069315450,Recommended,442780,31648570,Posted: 9 May,all,shaolin36,This is rogue-lite retro pixel action with nice bunnyhop movement!There are some performance issues but i have trust to the devs that they fix itand make strafe to a nice indie gem!++   uber pumping soundtrack+++ the SECRETS are so nice :)
76561198089781292,Not Recommended,442780,31657576,Posted: 9 May,all,Elbow Grease,"I had really high hopes for this, jumping over enemies is fun the first few minutes, bunnyhopping, rocket jumping, but eventually it just feels unfinished.If you didn't like desync, you might not like it"
,Recommended,442780,31654493,Posted: 9 May,all,Odie,"I'm one of the folks that loves the game. No disappointment here. Got exactly what i expected and it's loads of fun.Some people are having some technical issues with the game. I am not. Runs awesome on my rig. I have an I7-6700, 980ti, 16 GB RAM, SSD.Some people are complaining that it is a rogue-like. This is one of the features i wanted most .... and considering they advertised the fact .... ??? As with Fancy Skulls, Ziggurat, Immortal Redneck, etc the levels change each playthrough. Just enough to make exploring fun, but not enough to make the levels indistinguishable. Just right, as far as I'm concerned.Some people are complaining that the game is too hard, that the pickups are too rare. Realistically, each level has several ammo / health stations and power ups randomly placed - adding a bit of challenge - but for me this rewards exploration and ""less-than-hyperspeed"" gameplay.I've only been in Zone 1 so far, but already seen several enemy types. Ones that cling to walls .... ones that are just grunts .... grunts with armor that comes off in pieces as you hit them .... robot turrets that wander and shoot you ..... tall hooded dudes that shoot you around corners. Given there are 4 zones, I imagine each has 5 or so enemy types. Enemies come at you once alerted, keeping you active almost the whole time .... yet once an area is cleared, you can breathe for a bit before you explore more and alert new enemies.You choose a ""main"" upgradable weapon and pick up other limited-ammo weapons while you play. These extra weapons give you a brief change of pace until they are out of ammo .... then each has a ""finishing move""! I found this to be a very cool mechanic.The music is great and the sounds are ok, but they could definitely add a few more sounds. Lifts and footsteps would be good .... seen a lot of complaints about that. Doesn't ruin the game for me, but I can see the point.Strafe is a lot of fun. Well worth the price and the rogue-like element makes it fun to play again and again. Recommended!"
,Recommended,442780,31661082,Posted: 10 May,all,Cooper,All these try hard's complaining about the game not being Quake.STRAFE is well worth the £15. 4 hours into playing myself and still going back finding new things (barely made it through level 2). The graphics are a good emulation of 90s look with a modern feel to the movement (I'd possibly go as far as saying better than Quake lol come at me).If you're buying this game because you think its a replacement for Quake then dont... because its not Quake. It's STRAFE...Mongs8/10
,Recommended,442780,31675983,Posted: 10 May,all,Dopplest,"It's definitely not a game for everyone, but, for the right audience, it's a blast."
,Recommended,442780,31877289,Posted: 21 May,all,TurboGarbage,"I'm not privy to any background on this game, I've not had it long but have had a little fun with it so far. I've got plenty of gripes, but as the game is still being worked on I will hope one or two may be fixed. I'll just offer my first impressions after 4 runs (not a lot yet for a roguelike!)It's got very nice presentation, good consistent style. Lots of good giblets all over the place. Some weapons have more ""oomph"" than others, for sure. It also felt a little wrong only having one primary weapon. You pick up a few weapons here and there but they basically have one magazine so feel almost worthless. I noticed the main weapon was constantly using up a lot more ammo than there ever was to pick up/buy, so I imagine after the third floor it would be nigh impossible to progress based on how many things there are to kill. The amount of ammo/shield you get for your scrap is underwhelming for how much it costs. The smaller pickups/upgrades don't seem well explained, I don't yet know what they did or if they actually did anything at all for me. I know an icon showed up for a half second at the corner of the screen but I barely had time to see what the icon was and I still don't know what they meant.The annoyance for me is performance, this really shouldn't be stuttering but every time I press E (the ""use"" button) the game hangs for a second or two, and has resulted in a dumb death when trying to pick up an explosive barrel. Considering the low-poly visuals and relatively basic AI, I don't see why there should be any performance issues. Maybe I am somehow alone in this but it's pretty frustrating.This feels like it would be a good early access title. It doesn't feel incredibly well balanced right now, maybe I'll change my mind when I've played some more. We'll see. I've still had fun though, it's a neat little time killer for when you've got 20 minutes or so with nothing to do."
,Recommended,442780,31676286,Posted: 10 May,all,"Stones, Thy Will is Salad","I like it, even though its not quite the old school flavor I wanted. It reminds me a lot of the atmosphere of system shock 2, which I enjoy.at least its less brown than quake"
76561197967070224,Recommended,442780,31781641,Posted: 15 May,all,Darkstar,"After playing this, I am shocked at the mixed reviews. I love this game, it is like a mix between Devil Daggers and a roguelike. I read one review that almost scared me away saying it was slow paced. It is NOT!! Each kill is fun with great dismemberment ragdoll physics. A bunch of upgrades and guns round out a top class entry into the genre of roguelike fps."
,Recommended,442780,31798584,Posted: 16 May,all,DOOM™,"This game may have mixed reviews (At the time of writing) and I was not a backer for this game but I'll throw in my two cents for anyone who'd read this.STRAFE is a Rogue-Lite game, meaning that it consists of a different map layout and upgrades/items every time you play it.It also has a VERY STEEP learning curve, there's not a lot explained and things will be confusing at first, but once you get used to the pace/understand what things do this game feels fast and very enjoyable. (as the name implies, strafing/strafe jumping will be a great friend here)The game is very retro themed and as such it is choc full of nostalgic secrets, references and throwbacks - I personally enjoyed these and I'm sure most people would.You get thrown straight into the meat of it all and are left to figure things out yourself - this can be both good and bad, but in my case I enjoy learning to swim with lead shoes.Every mistake you make will be punishing, health and ammo are not a commodity and must be conserved where possible throughout your ventures, you can find weapons around and they have limited uses before you're forced to use it as a blunt weapon to crack the skull of an unwilling grunt.The soundtracks for each level are great and only fuel the addiction further - but the art style is weird and I'm not quite sure if it's something that works or not.The later levels in the game become more open and far better to play in than that of the first one or two.The scrapping system is rewarding and allows the player to craft armor/ammo from a BENCH by using scrap that is dropped in varying quantities from enemies and chests/boxes around the place - allowing you to slug on into the murderfest.The optimisation of the game definitely could be worked on, I run a low-mid end rig and most of the time this game is perfectly playable, but there are definite issues in some areas where the framerate will drop substantially. (Also happens when the next level is generated, but this is perfectly fine)If you're on the fence about buying this game, I'd say go for it. I am very satisfied with this game and I will recommend it with a bloodied thumbs up. The devs are working extremely hard on any kinks left in the game and are sending out patches very rapidly.TLDR; I'm not a backer, the devs are fixin' stuff, tunes are bangin', performance issues do exist, this game forces you to git gud and I enjoy gibbing enemies while blood splatters on the walls.-DOOM"
,Recommended,442780,31826906,Posted: 18 May,all,Syncros,"The game has a huge amount of content in it, but you have to approach it as the game it is, not thinking its another Quake or DOOM where you can barrel into the room and run at every enemy.  You have to .. Strafe .. them instead.  Jump around the map and get the baddies into an area together where you can drop a grenade on them.   You have to do everything you can to avoid being hit by projectiles.    Once you get that idea straight, you'll stop dying right away and start getting into things.That being said, the devs need to look into ways of ramping up the difficulty so more casual players are actually able to get past the first level or two.  The Devs are responsive and have been pushing updates out for many of the bugs.  I think if they just keep working on the balance, they'll have a great game for both the hardcore FPS players who can already beat it, and the more casual players who are struggling right now with how the game is balanced."
,Recommended,442780,31753367,Posted: 14 May,all,skeetah,Expect permadeath. Expect secrets. Expect hardcore. Expect challenge.Don't expect good ol' Quake. Don't expect linear shooter.This game brought me back to the old times when things been harsh. And I like it.
76561198389628740,Recommended,442780,31774452,Posted: 15 May,all,berner,Been waiting for this game for over a year... Exactly what I hoped it would be!10/10 would recommend!
,Recommended,442780,31782567,Posted: 16 May,all,Jingle Josh,"TL;DR No progression Awesome action.A really fun shooter Enjoyed the hell out of it for what I played. But Being a roguelike and being a existential wierdo that I am, I need a meta game. Something to earn whilst in the game that I can carry into the new game to give myself the feeling of progression. The action was amazing and I loved the health to health scramble but i need my progression. All in all I recommend it because I got my moneys worth and enjoyed what I played but i don't see myself coming back to this."
,Recommended,442780,31655473,Posted: 9 May,all,cuppajoeman,"Well, this game is pretty fun although it has it's up and it's downs.Lets start with the three weapons-Shotgunby far the most fun since you can run and gun pretty easily whilst stopping to shoot enemies if getting swarmed-Machine GunI don't have much experience with the machine gun although it seems decent at mid, but kinda boring-Rail Gun. I really enjoy the railgun since I like precision weapons, although pretty much forces you to take the tactical approch to all rooms since you will get over run very quickly without anything else.Customizability-I feel that there are many important settings but not enough. For example I know my cm/360 on my mouse and am uncomfortable playing at a sensitivity that is off from my usual. This game has a slider with increments that are too big to make small adjustments to get my perfect sens.-No console? I haven't found a console yet, and haven't found a config file either.General feel-I love the oldschool vibe, music, general art style and the rooms-When not running this game at the low graphic setting I get terrible frames. I have a mid range pc, and can get 60+ frames on most games I play. So not being able to break that 60+ barrier is really a downside.-When using long range, slow reload weapons you are sacrificing the fun high speed gameplay for a more tactical (peek corners) gameplay"
,Recommended,442780,31654819,Posted: 9 May,all,poma,"people are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥you can play it super fast paced or like killing floor, but if you play it like killing floor prepare to run out of ammo pretty quick. also all the people who keep saying a bunch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t like you can only have 1 weapon didn't play very long or something because you can have more than 3 at a time, you just start with 1 & other weapons you drop when u run out.my only complaint is it could obviously be more optimised."
76561198044128539,Recommended,442780,31691594,Posted: 11 May,all,Captain CrotchRot,"I enjoyed STRAFE alot aside from a few bugs here and there it was really fun to just get in and just shoot stuff with no complicated mechanics just straight pick up and go action.Campaign is where ur going to spend most of your time, you will die alot and thats ok because its a learning experience.The randomly generated campaign levels are nice so you have variety and it adds to replayability. The Campaign is short depending on how skilled the individual is and how much RNG (from pickups and weapon mods) favours you, The sound track is great my favourites are the 1st and 3rd missions. The Pre Order DLC gun was a nice suprise from the devs so thumbs up there. During the Campaign your going to become an artist by painting the level with your enemies, not quite to the extent of ""MURDERZONE"" but enough to make some money. The weapon modification stations (as i call them) offer some unique primary and alt fire modifications and some of the SHOP's items also add for some fun times aswell.MURDERZONE is a 10 wave survival game mode and im not sure of its real purpose, it lacks diffculty and you are more or less Over Powered from the get go. Theres is no real progression aside from unlocks which serve to only make you more OP, enemies are woefully slow and unlike campaign there is no chance for ambushing the player since the enemies all spawn from set sources in the map (walls open up and release them).Its also made easier as your ammo regenerates and you have the maximum ammo capacity at all times, easy mode is to just alt fire any of the primary weapons and this makes the additional weapons you can pick up after thoughts. Another issue is that once the player unlocks the bench, since being at full ammo capacity all the time the player does not need to buy ammo so they only option is shields. This is a problem because the cost in scrap is far less then in campaign and throws any thought of dying out the window, Full Shields for 6k scrap as opposed to Half Shields for the same price in campaign. Scrap drops like candy and in huge quantities so always having full shields is easily achievable.This mode would benefit HEAVILY from a difficulty selection as well as selectable/unlockable mutators and more tight confined areas to make masses of enemies more of a threat. It also occurs to me that this mode could be as its name implies, ""MURDERZONE"" where you just murder everything and is ment to be a relatively easy game mode with not to much worry about dying. Personally i dont recommend anyone to really play this mode.So TLDR, STRAFE is definetly worth buying and for those who did read this (long review) despite some early day bugs you should be guaranteed a fun and enjoyable experience with STRAFE."
,Recommended,442780,31656150,Posted: 9 May,all,Spooky Cylinder,"I feel like a lot of people's complaints about the ai or the rouge-lite gameplay are a bit unfair. Strafe is addictively fun, challenging, and definitely good looking."
,Recommended,442780,31801904,Posted: 17 May,all,corpse,It's basicly if Ulitmate Doom and Quake had a baby with random levels and secrets. Plus the hidden weapons are throw backs to classic games and third-party ones on steam. Pretty funny to find some of them. Worth a buy been playing non-stop and man games can take up to hours. Fun as hell and reminds me of the good old days of FPS (First-Person Shooter). Tutorial has a nice little FMV (Full Motion Video) and basics but other than that you are on your own. Plus did I mention the soundtrack is amazing? Yes it is. Get you some!!*Added Notes After update*----------------------------------------------Game update makes it way more playable and enjoyable. More enemies and improved AI and extra game modes keeps you playing. No more unfair map builds to get you stuck so you have to restart the whole game. Plus its on discount so why not for $10. Only gripe about the game its singleplayer but you can't have everything. Maybe a feature they can consider in their next project. Game is much much better give it shot.
,Recommended,442780,31653181,Posted: 9 May,all,Matt Damon,"Just a heads up, you can jump over enemies."
76561198040600970,Recommended,442780,31657423,Posted: 9 May,all,Vamphaery,"(UPDATED 5/23/2017 after patch #4)Go into this knowing what you're getting: Strafe doesn't feel like a classic 90s shooter from a mechanical, pacing, and gameplay loop standpoint... but somehow by merging that intent and a spot-on 90s FPSinspiredvisual design with a roguelike sensibility, they've forged something I absolutely love.A bite-sized, short-session, 90s style roguelike permadeath FPS hybrid. Not a perfect game, but consider me completely addicted.https://youtu.be/8qOlRF1ZS5ILoved:The music. Freakin' rad man. Somewhere between 80s inspired synthwave and 90s industrial. Catchy as hell.The visual style. Think more Quake than Doom, and then maybe even more System Shock than that. Definitely nails the 90s visual design, although its procedural nature means levels never quite ""feel"" like those old gems. (As expected.)CONSTANT pressure. The numbers, speed, and relentlessness of the enemies - although rudimentary in their behaviors - coupled with your own constant need to reload, the scarcity of ammo and health, and the requirement to run, hop, and fight without ceasing, makes for a perpetual sense of dread and intensity.Finding new things for the first time is exciting and reinvigorating. The first time I found a weapon upgrade station for instance, was such an immense relief and sign of hope. Of course, the upgrade caused splash damage and killed me because I wasn't prepared, and once you've found all of them I'm sure they seem old hat... but it takes so long to reach them because of continually dying and restarting, it feels fresh and rewarding the first time around. And comes as a relief every time after that.The GORE. I know that's silly in 2017, but glorious pixelated blood spews over every inch of every wall in this game. (This is in part why the game is fairly CPU bound rather than GPU dependent. Be aware.) In the 90s, there was a sort of infatuation with this level of EPIC gore.Teleporter parts. This is a brilliant, challenging way to secure SOME measure of progress in the main campaign mode. If you can find or purchase one of four teleporter parts, and make it to the next zone (each having 3 levels,) it saves. Get all four, & from then on you can skip to that zone from the start! Permadeath still applies, but at least this is something to incentivize trying again and again!MURDERZONE mode is a truly addictive blast! As seen here (after patch #4, some issues in Murderzone mode have been fixed and I find my runs more successful now):https://youtu.be/KYMSki2LTT0Liked:Weapons. Many have said they lack impact, but while it may be because I'm playing with headphones on, that hasn't been my experience. All of the weapons sound fairly standard, and never bad, to me. (Especially after patch #2 which improved their sound design even further.)Not being able to memorize level layouts. Eventually you become familiar with the modules the procedural generation uses of course, but I never feel totally comfortable or able to navigate at will. I'm constantly thrown into similar yet different levels and never quite know which iteration of a module I recognize I'll be in. It keeps me on my toes.Treating weapons as temporary bonuses or powerups. You start the game with one of three selectable weapons. This will be your main for the whole run. You can replenish their ammo at work benches. But there are additional weapons which are treated by Strafe like temporary powerups. Once their ammo runs dry, you can press fire one more time to throw them or melee with them, usually with some moderately devastating effect. This makes these weapons feel special and forces reliance and an increasing skill level with your main. This is some very smart design in my view.The advertising for this game really made me want to love it, and that helps going into a game. Fortunately, I haven't been disappointed. (Seriously though, those ads are BRILLIANT, comedically, artistically, tonally, and just from a marketing standpoint.)Thanks to the aforementioned advertisements, I constantly feel the need to GET SOME in this ultra real, revolutionary extreme combat simulator. (I love Strafe. It's SO bad.)Indifferent:Enemy behaviors. If you're expecting Quake or Doom... think more along the lines of: Miniature versions of Quake style enemies, with the behaviors of the mobs in System Shock. They mostly just run at you, though there is some variation (some jump over you, some fire projectiles, some melee you, and there are upgraded versions of the basic varieties.)Fall damage. I don't mind its presence, but I do feel the game would be more fluid without it. It does add to the challenge, but I concede in some places it makes little sense, such as the tall rooms with gravity elevators clearly modeled after Quake's verticality and platforming elements. (Note: Improved with patch #1.)Reload speed. It's a bit too slow imo, even if it does contribute to tension. But because it does the job of the latter so well, I'm ambivalent as to whether it should stay as-is or get a revision.How quickly we run out of ammo/how frequently we have to reload. Just a little longer per engagement would be closer to ideal imo. Fixing this and the previous point would go a long way toward improving the feel and flow of combat without detrimentally ruining the difficulty curve being aimed for (that is, HARD AS HELL.) But again, at the same time, they both DO heighten the challenge, and that's not a bad thing either. So, again... I'm comfortable in either scenario, personally.Disliked:Lack of difficulty settings. An optional difficulty setting that provides more health for the less hardcore among this game's audience would have been appreciated. It's a roguelike so it should never feel easy, but in its current form it can feel soul crushingly brutal. (I like that personally in this game, but I think the option should be there. Options are never a bad thing.)The game does not communicate to the player very well what is being picked up, and pickups are difficult to see. Scrap, ammo, and perks should ideally glow or be otherwise more visible. Whatever method the devs think of is fine with me, as long as it improves visibility. There should be an audio cue telling us what we picked up as well, as right now it seems a bit opaque.Too few performance tweaking options. (Resolution options added in 1st patch. More needed.)Developer feedback:Things that would make my impression of the game even more positive, include the following.More performance optimizationDifficulty rebalancingPossibly tweaks to ammo and reload speed, but proceed with great care and caution. Don't render the game too forgiving.More enemies, rotating more randomly.More procedural level components getting mixed and matched more frequently.Better audio visual tells for the player to understand pickup functions.This isn't necessary, but maybe a totally optional suite of progression elements that players can toggle on and off. That way players can tailor their game for anything between permadeath roguelike hardcore, to a fully persistent progressionIntegrated bug report and crash dump forms are always useful I'm sure.ConclusionIt's just simple, straightforward, challenging fun. Kill mobs, survive as long as possible, take in generic 90s-inspired visuals, vibe to the head banging synthwave style retro jams, and let your face get melted off. Rinse and repeat until mastery is achieved, or your head explodes.Just go into it expecting to die... a ton. That's the point. ""You can't handle the INTENSE gameplay! The levels always change! YOU WON'T WIN!"" - StrafeMom, circa 1996."
76561198064979091,Recommended,442780,31654902,Posted: 9 May,all,Nermanater,"Everything I expected. Yes, it has roguelike elements. Yes, it is difficult. Yes, it is gory. I love it. Maybe people giving bad reviews need to learn to read/watch trailers before setting themselves up for failure with false assumptions about games. It's not Strafe's fault that you assumed this was going to be something different than what they told you."
76561198058668312,Recommended,442780,35432059,Posted: 2 October,all,TheSmokeyBandit,"A great game that was unjustly panned at its launch.  With the new update, things have only gotten better.  Now's the best time to STRAFE."
,Recommended,442780,34205594,Posted: 12 August,all,[G4G]Throwaway_4_Opinions,"7/10 needs mods and better AI to get that 10 for me. I'm a sucker for arena FPS and Rogue Lites, This delivered for me."
,Recommended,442780,31677636,Posted: 10 May,all,The IG Hero,"I know some won't like that this old school throwback game has reloading but I feel ok as you can horde a crap load or ammo. Plus you can up the size of your clip, I had my shotgun increased from 6 to 22! I personally like the art style but I get that some don't like its blockie-ness. I'd say if you wanted to relive bunny hoppying & pixel style graphics from quake then its a good buy."
76561198117969633,Recommended,442780,35423185,Posted: 2 October,all,cheddahcheeze,"This game is great, and this update is awesome.  The new enemy mods are sweet, going to have to stay up all night paying the ghost on this one."
,Recommended,442780,35359469,Posted: 30 September,all,Lucky Dice,"Let me preface saying I'm really not that good at this game yet.With that out of the way, this game is ridiculous fun. It's a semi-rogue like fps that takes fast paced and upshifts the f.uck out of it. You move so fast that I'm surprised you don't get severe whiplash after going from 0 to mach Jesus in .08 seconds. There's only 3 weapons to choose as your primary, but as you blow through the levels with the speed of Sonic the Hedgehog on meth you can find a nice variety of equally lethal weapons to pick up and use on your enemies. My personal favorites are the shotgun, rail gun, rocket launcher, and laser gun because I like my one shot capability.The game is a great challenge (or ridiculously cheap for some) with its (literal) break-neck pace and hyper-aggressive AI whose sole function is to make a beeline for dat♥♥♥♥♥and destroy it with extreme prejudice. Make use of your environment, explosive barrels, and all your weapons capabilities, since your primary has an alternate fire for you to use. Whether it be a fragmenting shotgun shot, a grenade, a blue orb of death, or whatever upgrade you get, make sure you use it or you will die a lot more than you should.  Health pickups are few and far between, armor is your new addiction, and your ammo count is how many reloads you have left. If you like to reload a lot, this game basically says f.uck you for your abuse of the R key and you lose those shots if you still have any when you reload. There's a lot of environmental hazards, if you're like me you'll spend a fair bit of time wondering ""where the ♥♥♥♥ do I go"", and you'll probably die because you didn't expect that explosive barrel you were holding to react with fire.Some levels have merchants that you can use the 3 credits you got in the last level to buy upgrades. Or you can be a♥♥♥♥♥♥ kill the merchant and his posse of turrets, and steal all the stuff. I haven't used all the stuff he has to offer because I'm bad at the game.You get scrap for killing enemies and finding some boxes. You can trade it for credits (think of it like your paycheck, you get a lot less than you put in), use it in the crafting stations for ammo and crack.Pressurized boxes hold weapon lethality increasing drugs which give them more damage, ammo, or fire rate. Get them then proceed to shrek, or die, whichever happens first.Get this game if you like abusing your spinal column from the neck up. Free chiropractics/10"
,Recommended,442780,35431584,Posted: 2 October,all,Echoherb,"Really glad I didn't let the negative reviews sway me. This is an extremely fun FPS rogue-lite game that really does take me back to the 90s in a good way. From what I understand it got negative reviews because it didn't make that fact very well known in the kickstarter. That doesn't really affect me personally, since it says exactly what type of game it is on steam and that's where I bought it.Anyone that's a fan of games like zigguraut and immortal redneck, but also love the oldschool shooters like wolfenstein will be right at home in this game."
,Recommended,442780,35442405,Posted: 3 October,all,Shaxx,Stumbled across this last night after looking for yet another arena game to add to my list and I found this. Not quite an arena game but Jesus it’s a good game! Well worth a buy. The bhopping is insanely good. Only problem I’m having with it is that there is reloading. Odd for a “1996” throwback.
76561197988404714,Recommended,442780,35423032,Posted: 2 October,all,(412)YouReSoMAD,"Got this game some time ago, just got the new update. Have to say its quite enjoyable. Im personally a fan of the graphics style used in the game. On easy mode its still fun and a has moments where its still a challenge. I havent gotten to use any of the new weapons yet but im excited to. Im also excited for the new game modes that came for the update. Overall I would recommend this game. And apon completion I will edit this accordingly."
,Recommended,442780,33432432,Posted: 10 July,all,QuatroAce,"STRAFE is an ode to classic shooters with a newer roguelike twist. If you spent any time instagibbing in UT2004 or any time playing Quake or Doom years ago, this will be a pleasant reminder of simpler times."
,Not Recommended,442780,31663403,Posted: 10 May,all,VinylRichTea,"Until they get the bugs fixed, I can't recommend this game, I keep having issues of being unable progress any further due to doors or entrances not opening (not the key color code doors) or lift platforms not working.  I've restarted twice now because I was unable to progress and eventually quit."
76561198055877073,Recommended,442780,31660354,Posted: 9 May,all,Dallas,"Umm I have sunken 4 hours in this game, I get all these peoples complaints, but it is still nevertheless fun, maybe not worth $20 but still lots of fun. It can be unfair at times but just GIT GUD. GIT GUD and all will be fine"
76561198035220105,Recommended,442780,31905349,Posted: 22 May,all,Tom7i,"First off, my system specs so you know what i play the game on:• Windows 7 64 bit• Intel Core i5 4570 @3.20 GHz• AMD Radeon R7 200 Series, 2GB RAM• 8GB RAMI usually hold off writing a review until i replayed the fully released title a couple of times; in Strafe's case it was until i killed the boss with every main weapon (so 3 times). If you need it, the TL;DR is at the bottom.My history with the genre(s)I'm a 30+ player who grew up with the first Doom & Quake games; i've also extensively played other notable titles such as Serious Sam & Alien vs. Predator, so i feel pretty comfortable in that department. As for roguelikes & lites, i only ever played FTL (Faster than light) from that genre.Before the releaseI've put Strafe on my wishlist ever since i saw that awesome (banned) ad on Youtube. Besides liking shooters, one of the major factors for my interest was the general tongue-in-cheek humor behind it and various nice plays on nostalgia and silly horror/action movies from the 90's.Being quite aware of how marketing works and what i have to do to see the whole picture, i took care to do some research on my own, mostly about what the ""roguelite"" part means since i wasn't really at home in that department. Liking what i saw, i then waited for the games' release.The initial releaseAs expected, there were some notable technical problems at release; things like general bugs and some other issues which could have been probably ironed out earlier. The most annoying one imho was the missing tooltips for various functions and shop items, which made the first couple of runs unnecessarily obfuscated; however, the devs quickly released a couple of patches (4 at the moment of writing) which fixed most of the obvious problems.I only encountered one gamebreaking bug in my runs, which was getting stuck on a metal grid, so i made a bug report about it and the devs replied that they're working on a fix; as of this moment, i haven't encountered any other major gamebraking bugs in the game.The negative reviewsAs some others noted, many of the initial negative reviews came from people who took the shooting and blood in the ad at face value and dismissed (or didn't even notice) the roguelike part in the game descriptions. In other words, they expected a Doom clone but got G. I. Spelunky instead, so they were logically dissapointed about not getting what they expected and left a bad review.There were also a couple of other complaints, which have been mostly fixed now; for instance, the starting area has been made easier (they buffed the amount of health you find in Icarus) and the weapon sounds have been improved (they increased loudness & made them stereo).As the nature of the game goes, there are also some complaints which will never get ""fixed"" as they go against the games' core mechanics, for instance there will be no co-op or multiplayer, neither will there be persistent handcrafted levels or a level editor.My gameplay expirienceBeing a roguelite, the game features randomised levels, randomised loot, no saves and permadeath. In other words, the beginning will be hard and you'll have to invest some time & effort to learn the games' mechanics through trial, fail & repeat.The whole game takes about 3 hours to beat at a steady pace, but since there is no save, you have to do it in one go for the best results. One workaround for this is that you can also assemble teleporters at each stage after the first, so you can basicly skip every stage up to the last, but in that case you won't have any weapon upgrades and the gameplay will be accordingly harder.The devs mentioned somewhere that they plan to implement a save on exit feature in the future, which will probably come in handy for those who don't have three hours to play it through from start to finish.Personally, i found the game pretty hard and unforgiving during the first couple of runs; but after i learned more about the games' mechanics, enemy behaviour, level layout and weapon upgrades, it became much easier to play and beat. I found the gunplay to be satisfactory and movement smooth & fast. One thing to note is that you do not need to strafejump or bunnyhop a lot - you can finish the game with normal progression and some sensible gameplay as well, no special tricks are needed (except for some secrets and achievements).While i saw a couple of level elements repeat themselves during my gameplay, the overall randomisation and composition of levels is still good enough that i don't feel bored after 60 hours. There are occasional glitches with the randomization, but from my expirience those are pretty rare.I've also tried out the murderzone, which is basicly an arena game mode where you pick a gun and then the game throws waves of enemies at you and you have to survive them until you clear the room. This unlocks certain permanent bonuses for that gamemode, so the future attempts become more managable the longer you keep at it.PROSfun game- & gunplay, provided you give the game a chance and a couple of honest tries to learn the mechanicsthe randomisation keeps things fresh even after a couple of playthroughsplenty of secrets and nods to other games which Strafe was inspired by (Serious Sam, Doom, Quake, Spelunky, Wolfenstein etc.)tongue-in-cheek humournice retro-aestheticawesome synthwave (retrowave) soundtrack by ToytreeCONSIMPORTANT: this game is NOT a pure retro-shooter and/or doom-clone; it is a mix between a retro FPS and a roguelite which may turn off certain peoplethere are still some bugs present in the gameno saving makes finishing the game harder for those without much free timenot much documentation on weapon upgrades & perks; basicly you're left to experiment with stuff on your own and find out how it worksnot a lot of guidelines on where exactly to go and what to do; again, you pretty much have to find it out on your ownif you don't like the general retro-style look and synthwave soundtrack, the gameplay alone probably won't give you enough enjoyment to overlook themTL;DRStrafe is certainly not a game for every oldschool shooter fan, despite the ad campaign giving off such an impression. In my opinion, it is however a pretty good (and quite niche) mix of a retro FPS and a roguelite.The beginning is pretty hard, until you learn the basics of gameplay (simply running & gunning won't work); if you give it a couple of honest tries however, the later levels become very fun and enjoyable.If you're looking for a pure retro shooter with persistent level design, this is probably not the game for you; but if you're looking for a retro-styled FPS/roguelite hybrid with a steep but rewarding learning curve, Strafe might be right up your alley."
,Recommended,442780,31678644,Posted: 11 May,all,Grims,"If you are into the idea of a somewhat difficult quake 1/doom homage that is also a roguelike, Strafe is an excellent game. If you think you're buying something that isn't those things, it's probably a bad one."
,Recommended,442780,31674559,Posted: 10 May,all,McCheesyPoo,Pretty fun.
,Not Recommended,442780,31666105,Posted: 10 May,all,undefined.OwL,"There are many complaints i have about this game.-Firstly it encurrages you to run away from the enemies or to camp around a corner because the levels are mostly made out of small corridors and the enemies run directly towards you.-Secoundly i couldnt make it past the secound zone because health and armor are extreamly rare and they almost give you nothing.-You have to reload and the magazine sizes are extreamly small so you are almost spamming the R key and it kills the flow a little bit.-The levels are randomized so they often dont seem very well designed.-It is buggy as hell.I really wanted a good old-school shooter but this one isnt really a good choice if you want one too. I put high hopes on Dusk thats comming up later this year, it seems alot more polished and focused on what it wants to be than strafe. This game should have been early access."
,Not Recommended,442780,31667514,Posted: 10 May,all,WorshipFSM,"The game was actually kinda misadvertised. It was marketed using nostalgia for old 90's shooters, and an integral part of those shooters was the good level design that kept the game interesting. But this game doesn't have  designed levels, it's a roguelite, the levels are made out of a pool of about 20-30 small blocks, but that makes every level seem generic and uninteresting, and makes the game very repetitive. And also you'll be lucky if there's going to be at least one medkit on a level. I guess if you like both roguelite games and old shooters you'll have a good time with this game.This game should be compared to Ziggurat rather than Quake"
76561197981919221,Not Recommended,442780,31653517,Posted: 9 May,all,AL,"game breaking bugs galore, i asked for a refund until it is patched. hopeful though!"
76561198010550956,Recommended,442780,33185553,Posted: 3 July,all,Zulnam,"STRAFE is a nice roguelike FPS with a lot of potential hindered by a buggy release (mostly fixed) and a marketing campaign that, while awesome and funny, is filled with misinformation (intentionally or not).Thanks to youtube, there are gameplay videos aplenty so here is some basic information about the game (as of July 2017):- at the start of a game the player gets to choose from 3 main weapons; a shotgun, a machine gun and a railgun;  all other in-game weapons are pickups throughout the levels, have limited ammo and are thrown away once finished; if you have a pickup weapon and pick the same one again, the ammo level will not increase but reset back to the default number (i.e.: a full clip);- being a roguelike resources are rather scarce; scrap allows you to buy extra maingun ammo and armor from dispensers around the map; you also have some currency with which you can buy stuff from actual shops present around or at the end of a level;-  your main gun can be upgraded for free from certain dispensers present on some levels; some upgrades are more practical than others;- your main gun also has stats which can be upgraded from power-ups around the map. these are: damage, clip size, accuracy and firing speed;- the maps are randomly generated with a pre-defined set of room templates;- the game is FULL of easter eggs, secrets and all sorts of stuff to unlock;- currently has no ""Save & Exit"" option (planned to be implemented soon);- if you're into synthrock, you will love the soundtrack!- the only continuous progression system is the ability to create teleporters at the beginning of stages. it's not very practical however since you start with no buffs/weapons against the stronger later-level enemies.I hope the devs and Devolver will go on and support this game with at least some modding tools or good DLC since the core gameplay really is promising.This is also a cautionary tale that while an ironic movie-like trailer is fun, it's also misguiding and should be use sparingly."
76561197977848675,Recommended,442780,35427690,Posted: 2 October,all,ertugrula1988,"Underrated Gem:STRAFE is just STRAFE. It's its own thing. It's a game with its own personality and there is much more depth and nuance to it then one might initially notice. The word intense doesn't even begin to describe the gameplay. 95% of STRAFE for me is desperately and frantically trying to keep my health above zero, and 5% is some unexplainable joy when I feel competent and in control. It pushes you to your limits in a good way that we do not see much in gaming today. And oh my goodness the soundtrack is the bomb!For me it has been the perfect ""go to"" game. It's not a game you play to beat. It is a perfect stress reliever (although it has its own stress) and somehow never gets boring. You probably won't play it for 5 hours straight, primarily because it depletes you and makes you feel enervated. An hour or two per day seems perfect.The millenium edition adds more environmental detail aspects to most rooms the game randomly spawns, adds some ridiculously fun homages to classic first person shooters (the how of it I won't ruin here), drastically reduces lag in the second episode, adds some perks, and new enemies that throw grenades. It is a very ambitious update that made the game significantly better than it already was for me. Especially the grenadiers are a game changer.My only complaint is that the perks you pick up frequently throughout the game is never explained to the player. The only way to figure out what they do is looking at internet forums; and it shouldn't be like that.To wrap up, get this unique gem if you like FPS's at all. Happy STRAFE'ing!85/100"
76561198027615463,Recommended,442780,31902534,Posted: 22 May,all,reticence,"There seems to be some confusion surrounding this game and I'd like to clear it up for all you folks:THIS IS A PERMA-DEATH, SPEEDRUN FPS.THIS NOT A QUAKE CLONE.I think this game is a total hoot!Play as hard as you can, die a cheap death, repeat.It has all the fun of a high-stakes, hardcore FPS without the painfully predictable plotline that usually comes standard in any post-2001 game.I was neverous to pull the trigger on this game do to all the whiny, plebian reviews, howeverI am so glad I took the chance, I am having a blast! My girlfriend even asked for a turn.Don't trust steam reiveiws. Most of these opinions are coming from guys who are still living with their parents.Trust yourself, take the chance. There's a return policy for crying out loud."
,Not Recommended,442780,31654984,Posted: 9 May,all,aLt,"Having followed the development since it was announced, it breaks my heart to review this in a negative way. I don't know if it just didn't live up to the hype I built during development or if I was expecting something else, but STRAFE feels too shallow and for some reason it did not spark that 90s flame I was expecting a short linear gameplay but got handed an empty roguelike game that feels too ordinary and mundane. If you want to bring back the 'ol times go play Brutal Doom instead."
,Recommended,442780,31658707,Posted: 9 May,all,Neo The Aika,"Ignore the playtime. I logged about 5 hours offline.It's an alright game honestly. Real fun to play, art style and sound design are pretty good too, especially the music which is intense, though enemies could have a boost, I very rarely hear them. Replayability is great as you navigate a procedurally generated map, traversing the Icarus ship, and eventually... ???Give this game at least a few weeks from release in my opinion. There are some severe issues at the moment and this game should be much more enjoyable hopefully when these problems are fixed. Keep it on your radar, but give it some time before you buy it."
76561198041591533,Recommended,442780,31759010,Posted: 14 May,all,Manicosprey,"It's tough as nails and I love it. I've seen negative reviews stating it makes you want to go slow and take cover because you take so much damage but they're not playing it right. You're supposed to move around and STRAFE alotto avoid getting hit while shootin' baddies. I don't understand how you missed that concept... you know... the one in THE ♥♥♥♥ING TITLE...Anyway it's fast, bloody, fun, and hard as ♥♥♥♥. It's awesome.Only probem I have is all of the starting weapons kinda suck.All in all: 9.5/10"
76561198025078930,Not Recommended,442780,31861167,Posted: 20 May,all,LOOSHIFER,"Imagine inching your way through randomly generated environments while whipping the camera around constantly to look for threats, only to backpedal while shooting them when they appear. And then dying because you got hit a few times over multiple levels. That's Strafe.I really wanted to like this game!"
76561198014051739,Recommended,442780,31677754,Posted: 10 May,all,sdhedeen,"The idea that a game like this can get mixed reviews is absurd - this is indicative of something very wrong with the Steam community as a whole. Yes, it has issues - like frame rate drops during intermission periods (not during the actual gameplay), and for inexperienced players, the lack of reliable monster sounds. Yes, if you go on the hype you'll be disappointed (you always will with hype, and if you haven't learned that by now, you need to grow up and be an adult), but if you look at it as just a game that stands on its own it is objectively excellent. The hype is just one part of the fun; embrace it as part of the experience; don't view it as false advertising or any of that crap.STRAFE is hard, but that's the point. You won't feel like you're good at it until about 2 hours in, when the muscle memory from Quake 20 years ago kicks back in and takes over. Even then you're not *really* good at it, but you're getting warmer. Yes, health could be a little more plentiful, guns could feel beefier, but are all the minor flaws in this gem really enough to push it into mixed reviews? Do you really think a project like this shouldn't be worth 20 bucks? Has the community lost its  collective mind?This is a game made for passionate people by passionate people - it proudly stands within the greater art form of game design.What the actual hell is wrong with you Steam community?"
76561198198354162,Recommended,442780,31654348,Posted: 9 May,all,Ze Po1ar Bear,"Its a fun game, but people are giving the No Man's Sky treatment. Its not EXACTLY what they expected so they're gonna talk it down. All in all though, its a good game where you kill a lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥in random level layouts and die a lot. If you don't like the sound of that. This may not be for you.Edit: Good news everyone! The devs are Awesome. By that I mean that they have been updating the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game. A lot of bugs have been fixed and even added more resolutions to play in :D"
76561198064293444,Recommended,442780,35428990,Posted: 2 October,all,Justivus Rex,I love this game. the new update is awesome. it made the procedural level design better. Just wanted to give it a thumbs up.
,Not Recommended,442780,31671353,Posted: 10 May,all,Abstract Daddy,"I've been following this game for over a year, and it was a huge letdown. Maybe if they spent their time and money on the game and not their marketing campaign, they'd have a decent product. It's worth $5 at most."
,Not Recommended,442780,31655890,Posted: 9 May,all,kez,Alpha version of game
,Not Recommended,442780,31658810,Posted: 9 May,all,NFA_sick,"Claims to be a 1996 game but locks me at 95 FOV, with 15 FPS.Meanwhile I'm still playing Quake 1 on Nightmare at 500 FPS and with 140 FOV.Time to refund."
,Recommended,442780,31662542,Posted: 10 May,all,Lampenpam,"Quite the backlash the game got on release. But while it definitely has rough edges, the game itself is quite fun.Looking at how brilliant the marketing is, which caused a big the hype-train, it is understandable that people are upset since they expected a flawless product judging from the trailers.Now what is wrong with the game that appearently had a deadline set too tight? Shortly after playing you notice some technical blotches. Enemies make no sound which will quickly suprise you, vertical sensitivity is higher than horizontal, performance is not optimal and if you are unlucky you might encounter a gamebreaking glitch. The lack of visual/audio feedback, confusing UI, unclear objectives (especially survival mode) and lack of item description make it a bit tough to get used to the game.The game does need more polish and the devs claim to be still working, but if you can live with the current stains it really can be what it promised: A fast paced, old school, rogue-lite shooter. And it's fun as it's challenging. Many different gun and firemodes make the gameplay interesting and the gore which is definitely inspired by Killing Floor 2 and Brutal Doom makes the fraging quite satisfying.If you like the gameplay you have seen in the trailer, give this game a shot. Or perhaps wait for a few updates first."
76561198095803577,Recommended,442780,31753917,Posted: 14 May,all,Zerfbone,"If you played the original Doom and Quake and want that same feel on steroids, this game is for you. While it may seem retro, it makes up for the limitations with pretty sweet visuals in the form of spurting blood and such. The gameplay will keep you on your toes most of the time. If you want a game to just fire up and frag for a while this is it. Recommended!"
,Recommended,442780,31716938,Posted: 12 May,all,MRpiggin,"I think the developers made the game with skilled players in mind(much like how many games were back in the day) and that's why people hate it so much(well a big reason why). like 90 percent of reviews I see haven't even beaten the first three floors, it's too hard and-so they don't enjoy it therefore why keep going and try giving it a good chance? I guess It does beg the question: should they have made a more casual game for a bigger audience? I don't but thats just me.I see a lot of complaints on how it isn't a fast-pace game when in reality they simply don't have the confidence to actually strafe and move or just lack the skill to aim while on the move. I mean it does start off that way but as you grow accustom to the controls and you start getting good, it gets fast. Infact by the second area it's almost impossible to camp or take a slow pace because the new enemies introduced are too fast and the map is opened up enticing you to move. I could ramble on how unfair some talking points are, but I get it: This game isn't for everyone. If you wanted a carbon copy of quake or doom just go back and play those games.This game is not perfect though, the main problems I have are:-laggy frames(in this patch) in the athena zone and at the end of every level (they fixed the lag at the end of the black canyon levels!)-not much variation in the later levels-out of my 60-70 runs I was stuck in place once but it's a HUGE deal-overall it's still buggy, rarely game breaking though  (as of like 2 min after posting this review they patched the game and fixed a lot of bugs so I guess I gatta go back to playing!!!)-the first few levels are hard to traverse, they make you feel like you've ran around in circles at times.-some gun balance issuesI wouldn't say it's a terrible game (it does have flaws) and I feel like it was released early but it's being patched quite often and my god it really sent me back to another time, a time when fps's were hard, the music was to die for, when everything was mysterious and when they didn't cater towards a casual crowd in mind. This game feels like it was made for me (90's kid). It gave me a sense of nostalgia without the awful realization that the games I onced love were awful to play. Also another reason why it’s a blast from the past is because at this time there are almost no resources on finding any of the secrets in the game making it the most mysterious modern game released i’ve ever played.I'd recommend this game if:-you’re into finding secrets( like you can’t even google 90 percent of the locations of these secrets since no one plays the game)-you're good at most fps games-you like nostalgic shooters that bring back memories to the days when your friends would beg you to let them try after you've met your demise.-you like games that don't tell you what to do in order to progress(obvious stuff like red keys open up red doors, missing energy tanks at a door means you probably need to find the remaining tubes.)-you like the rush of permadeath(it's like meth to me)There are checkpoints in the game but you have to assemble them and they take at minimum 4 runs in order to set up a checkpoint. In theory you can set up all 4 checkpoints in 4 runs but by the 3rd zone you probably could already beat the game.To wrap it up: If you want that 90's feel with some spicy and more modern mechanics into the mix with the added challenge of permadeath, random generated levels and no hand holding this game is for you. If you aren't really all that into difficulty or just lack of progression when you've died multiple times then this isn't for you.This is a strange title to review since many reviewers can't or just give up before they even make it to the third level to give it a good/fair review."
,Not Recommended,442780,31846377,Posted: 19 May,all,(-TN-) EvilGenius,"Having lived through this generation of games once, I am sorry I purchased this game. My own nestalgia made this seem like a great game, until I tried it. A ""Vintage"" game does not mean sloppy graphics, and a boring game. I am returning this."
,Recommended,442780,32405308,Posted: 14 June,all,Ramen,"Since the most recent patch 1.05, the game has solved most of the major problems it had at launch and is now a really excellent FPS rogue-lite.This game is ALL ABOUT MOVEMENT. I can’t think of another game that blends the strafe based enemy and projectile dodging of Doom with the verticality and bunny hopping of Quake. It's a match made in heaven. If you’re not constantly moving, you’re playing the game wrong.Pro’s-Fast and rewarding combat that captures the feel of Quake and Doom at their best-Epic retro design-Challenging but fair difficulty curve-Great environments-Tons of easter eggs for 90's fps vets-Cool retro-wave soundtrackCon’s-Could use more variety-Enemy design could be better-Sound design isn’t great-Much too stingy with powerupsWorth checking out, but not perfect."
,Not Recommended,442780,31831860,Posted: 18 May,all,Tankor Smash,"Thought I'd like the dumb gory game. Didn't like the way the game felt to play, refunded."
,Recommended,442780,31695635,Posted: 11 May,all,Hax Murderer,"Spelunky meets Quake. Starts slow but builds into an adrenaline packed rogue-lite FPS experience. It's not perfect, but the overall execution is good enough to make you see past the rough edges. A definite buy if you're into either of those games.Edit: Longer review:I think the Strafe is like Spelunky in many ways.Though the levels are procedural, the campaign always features the same ""structure"", as the worlds do in Spelunky. (There's 4 worlds of 3 or 4 maps each in Strafe, each with a different theme that hearkens back to certain FPS games and sci-fi worlds.) The structure means you can count on finding a shop every few levels, and so you can manage your resources with that in mind.There is an element of resource management like Spelunky has too. Strafe has ammo, scrap, and credits, all of which can be interchanged in one way or another, which is similar to how you can sometimes trade bombs for ropes in Spelunky. (You might need to use a rope to get to a mystery box, containing bombs. That's kind of trade I'm talking about.) In Strafe, you generally need to shoot a wall or decoration to open up a secret, so you'll need to spend ammo to find secrets. Scrap can be crafted into ammo or armor, but you can also exchange it for credits to spend at a shop. I find that managing the balance between crafting armor and saving up credits in case the next shop might have something good similar to the decision making you do in Spelunky. In both games, making smart choices with your resources is essential, and something you learn with experience.Both games are also brutally difficult at first too, but as you keep playing (and dying!), you slowly learn tricks that help you get further and further. The first time I played Spelunky, I thought it was just some dumb platformer, but once a friend showed me some tricks and the other worlds, it grew on me and now I think it's one of the best designed games ever made. With Strafe, I can feel that there's some amount of depth to it - there's little secrets and tricks, and I keep finding new guns and trying to figure out how to activate certain secrets each time I play. I don't think the core FPS mechanics in Strafe are nearly as solid as the core platformer mechanics are Spelunky, but the basics are there (including strafe-jumping, which lets you move super fast and escape dangerous situations).All that said, I don't think there's as much variation in the items and weapons as Spelunky has, nor do they make as much of an impact as they do in Spelunky. As other reviewers have said as well, the game could use a rebalancing as well, but I find the way it is to be OK and enjoyable. (Again, finding secrets and loot are essential!)@AdamTM: To answer your questions directly - There are some puzzle piece puzzles that unlock teleporters. There are kinda some mini bosses in the second world, but nothing beyond that until the end. There are shops, but I'm not familiar with metroidvania elements so I can't comment on that. There is tangible and important progression in the weapon you pick in the form of upgrades you get every few levels, which buff your gun in one way or another. (eg. Shotgun can turn into a super shotgun with two barrels, or get a bigger clip, or faster fire rate.) There's also extra weapon pickups all over the place, which are limited use. However, one thing many people don't realize is you can switch guns after you pick one up, so you can hang onto those special guns and use them when you really need the extra firepower."
76561198031009393,Not Recommended,442780,31828930,Posted: 18 May,all,R E A L N I B B A H O U R S,the gameplay is fun but repetitive. i regret playing it for over 2 hoursthis is the first game ive ever thumbsed down so congrats
,Not Recommended,442780,31657663,Posted: 9 May,all,Serious Seriously Sam,"God this is a hard one to review.So I first heard of STRAFE back in 2015 at the PC Gaming Show. It showed us a game which was like Quake but it was most deadly a roguelike/lite/life WHATEVER. It showed us a interesting gore system, generated maps, a extremely gory live action trailer, and it seemed like it was going back to the good old days of shooters.So after two years of waiting and several delays. Does STRAFE Disappoint?Yes.BUT.... Is STRAFE a good game anyways even if it disappoints?Well, I thought it was Okay for the most part. At least, the gameplay was.Now you're not going to like this game if you're not into Roguelikes at all. If you're a hardcore roguelite fan maybe this will get you a few hours of enjoyment. If you're looking for an old school shooter. Don't look here. Look elsewhere or play Soldier of Fortune or Quake.Now after playing at least 45 minutes of this game it's safe to say I'm slightly disappointed. The gameplay is alright for the most part I mean, you just go around shooting people and you go from level to level. The gore system isn't really that great especially when you can't dismember ragdolls.Also, I said this wasn't an old school shooter. What do I mean by that?Well, there is reloading (Which an old school shooter should never have), movement is clunky, you don't go that fast, the guns don't really pack the punch you're looking for.But in all honesty, STRAFE Isn't terrible. It has so much potential to be so much better. If there was a workshop for this game I would love to see one to see what people create with the weapons and stuff like that.It's just that I can't recommend this to anyone mainly because I really can't decide If I should. There really should be an average button on steam instead of Yes and No. I mean, that's all it is. An Average Roguelike. If the developers keep updating this game I'm sure this would have the potential to be a good one sooner or later and the VR Support coming for it is going to be very excited.For 21 dollars, I think it's safe to say that STRAFE is good for 5-8 hours playtime. I will continue to play it and see if anything good happens."
76561197972266460,Not Recommended,442780,31659740,Posted: 9 May,all,Twosday,"Yikes, what a dissapointment. I really expected to have some fun arcade-style shooting action but what I was met with was anything but.Strafe is a game where you have ONE (1!) primary weapon, and anything else you find is disposable. That ONE (1!) primary weapon is ""upgradable"" with mods that are ridiculously ineffective or even negative and make the game harder?Armor and health? Yeah those don't drop. Better not get hit - ever - or you are in for a rough time. Thankfully the brain-dead enemies will file at you in a straight line so you can just funnel them through a tight space and blast away. Thats not to say the game is easy, because enemies make no sound whatsoever and will be falling right on you or sneaking up from some random area youve already cleared and hacking you down on a routine basis.The core gameplay sucks. The game has no information on what you have or are picking up, the weapons have terrible feedback and interaction, there are like literally 5 enemy types in total, and its just not even fun on top of all this.Avoid."
,Recommended,442780,31650293,Posted: 9 May,all,Mousa Dembélé,"-I'm changing my review from NOT RECOMMENDED to RECOMMENDED-This game defintely has flaws, but the most recent patch goes to show that the devs are working on correcting them ASAP and are listening to the community as they do it. The game is also a TON of fun if you can get past a few of the annoying gameplay aspects.In the most recent patch, they added footstep sounds to some of the mobs, as well as grunting noises when they get close. This reaaaally helps the game seem more fair. They also added a few more health packs early on in the game, which helps you not die until your character is leveled up a bit. They also nerfed fall damage and self damage, two big complaints from the community, along with other bugfixes.I'm impressed by the devs' quick response to the community, and I can't wait for further updates to make this game feel even tighter.Below is my previous ""Not Recommended"" review. Bear in mind some of these have been nullified/fixed, but I wanted to leave it here for continuity's sake.Things I've died from:-Being shot through closed doors-Being airlifted into the ceiling and instantly dying-Being whacked from behind by grunts who have NO FOOTSTEP SOUNDS-Being blown up by barrels that I've tried to throw above enemies but apparently can't-Only having 1 source of health per level that grants me just 10% health-Sheer frustration because the proc. generated levels are insanely difficult to navigate and the MINIMAP IS TOO PIXELATED TO BE OF ANY USE WHATSOEVER-Having to step over toxic orange goo that's constantly shot from an air vent covering the only way through the level, but the goo never disappearsThings I haven't died from:-Actually being overwhelmed by enemies and dying (they just perma-follow you and are easy enough to kill)This game is pretty fun but it seems unfinished or just poorly thought out. The premise and everything is great but roguelikes need to have incredibly tight gameplay for the frustration of it being so hard to be worth it. This game has everything but just a few important details that would make it great."
,Recommended,442780,31657395,Posted: 9 May,all,Fugiogi,I like this game but i hate this game ive never been so torn on a game ever ive tried to refund this game but i cancelled the refund to play it again wtf am i doing
,Not Recommended,442780,31660287,Posted: 9 May,all,Zalute,"Im extremely disapointed they released the game before it was finished... Already had to restart 6 runs because of a game breaking bug... Fps drops like crazy too often, and the last 3 levels were at 30 fps the entire time... I know they will fix it and the game is really fun when it works but comonnnnn why release it when its not done.....You have to know it turns away so many new players and ruins the reputation of the game too early....""Endless randomly generated levels"" and I get the same exact level design 4 runs in a row...Still gonna recommend the game because it's worth the money and is so ♥♥♥♥ing fun, but im so disapointed.. Its just lazy as ♥♥♥♥ sadly.(EDIT: this game sucks ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥so many bugs 10 fps randomly runs lost cause i get stuck in a wall wandomly i used to recommend it but now im not its dogshit lazy ♥♥♥♥ing devs)"
,Not Recommended,442780,31649035,Posted: 9 May,all,weedaboo,"""Payed review"":I honestly love it so far.Music is fantastic.Gameplay is tight as ♥♥♥♥.Reminds me of a mix of halo and doom 2.Worth the money.Buy it.Now.It's not a cult.Join us.JOIN US.Real review:There's a reason I only played this game for 9 minutes.It's bland and unfinished.And I was drunk when I bought it.It's not really worth it in its current state.Go spend $0 on literally any other fps from 1996 if you want an fps from 1996, there are plenty and all of them are better than this one.Pros:Hot tutorial lady (obligatory)Cons:Aesthetic is based more on a stereotype of 1996 fps games than on actual fps games.Has all the downsides of l4d2 but also without the satisfaction of mowing down waves of zombies. Instead you have to b-hop around them constantly.Final note: I tried to do a parody of a paid review but the joke kinda fell flat but idk you can't learn if you don't try I guess.Edit: Added my real opinion and refunded this trash."
76561198024142053,Recommended,442780,31653311,Posted: 9 May,all,uPunk,"Well ♥♥♥♥ me what do I say?...Give it some time? Idk, from here on it all depends on the devs and how they take the criticism. Updates, fixes etc.Do I recommend it?Eeeeeeh maybe, probably, still had some fun and I am gonna jump back in for a few more rounds. I'm only hoping devs will fix all the issues it has atm. Definitely has some boring aspects, like, got to level 4-1 where I had to kill an enemy  before passing through the red laserbeams. Couldn't find it. Got bored. Suicided.I wanna love this game but I can't. I only like it at most, as it is right now."
,Recommended,442780,33377262,Posted: 8 July,all,IKobe,"best game ever, brings me back to the old daysbut with high resolutions xxD"
76561198026907324,Recommended,442780,31657050,Posted: 9 May,all,TwinEdgedBastard,"Sadly I can't quite recommend the game atm, It was pushed too early and still contains many bugs and lacks overall polish.Game has been patched but still contains a few bugs. Can safely recommend this game now if you are looking for something like Quake but also a little bit different.The game its self is quite fun, it feels some what like Quake with the movement, theme and even level design (despite it being random)but it's lacking in terms of combat and I believe the reason why is because of the games sound design.Sound design has been vastly improved but could still use some gore sounds.Sound design is pretty weak and it even seems like some sounds are missing from the game. Guns don't sound as strong as the weapon its self, no gore sound effects such as blood splatter, gibs hitting surfaces and bullets impacting enemies. There's also a lack of enemy and player sounds such as footsteps. I feel like this could be fixed by first off adding more sounds and secondly, adding more ""bass"" or heavy sounds to the current sound effects.Enemies are a bit buggy in terms of path finding and detecting the player, there were various instances where enemies would get stuck behind walls and some enemies didn't even seem to respond to my presence unless I moved right next to them or shot them. Enemies also lack sounds such as foot steps or grunts, so it can be hard to tell if the room is cleared or not.Ai is a bit better but still a little buggy.Combat feels very similar to Quake (at least to me it does). Unlike other reviewers, I rarely felt like I was forced to play defensively even when I was at low health. I could strafe, jump, bhop etc and still take out enemy encounters taking little to no damage. It was only when I was in a tight area where I had to play defensively but I honeslty don't see the issue with this since Quake, Doom and other shooters of it's kind also occasionally demanded defensive play from time to time.Rogue lite elements seem to be minimal as far as I can tell, not quite sure since I couldn't open any secret areas where I would assume there would be items and weapons for me to use. Levels are very maze like in nature as you would expect from a rogue lite, unfortunatly the map in this game is also buggy and awkward to use so it can tough to know where you're going sometimes. Your primary weapon can recieve upgrades from stations found in the map, new weapons can be found from dead enemies but have little ammo which can't be brought from shops. Small ""vending machines"" will give ammo and armor while larger shops will give items. Overall the game is not really for fans of rogue lites but more for fans of shooters.Lastly the game lacks numbered controls for weapon switching so you must use the mouse wheel if you want to switch weapons, also I'm not sure if this is a bug but I can't seem to use my fists unless my primary weapon is missing i.e being upgraded.Game has redeemed its self, still needs a bit more polish but is now more fun to play. Props to the devs for listening to feedback."
,Recommended,442780,33389351,Posted: 8 July,all,Cyka McBlyat,"It's an FPS version of Binding of Isaac/Nuclear Throne/etc.  That's really all you need to know, but the shooting mechanics and movement are badass.  Whereas most of the aformentioned games will often strand you in a corner or make you die due to unavoidable projectiles, STRAFE let's you play as though you're in a game of Quake or Unreal.  Fluid, fast, fun."
,Not Recommended,442780,31650842,Posted: 9 May,all,SassyNate,TL:DRNot like a classical arena styled shooter E.G. Doom & QuakeRoguelike and slow.Firearms felt like BB guns that change their gender on you in a hot second and punish you.B O R I N GBased off of the trailers I do feel that I was mislead. The trailers want you to believe that this game is an action-packed fast pace game. All I experienced was:Not 1:1 aiming (Due to vertical sensitivity being much higher than horizontal) I run a 16:10 aspect ratio on my monitor but other users using 16:9 have also reported the aim sensitivity being different on axis.Slow pacing that made me play the game like a coward.Wanting more graphical settings. Couldn't change aspect ratio from 16:9 on my monitor. I run 16:10...Inconvincing weaponry. Didn't feel like the weapons were actually weapons due to feedback of my shots.Lack of weapon availability. You can only choose one weapon before you ship out to your mission? Okay... what's the reason for that? For me to not use the weapons I paid for?The AI automatically lock onto you and just run at you forcing you to backpedal further proving my point that the game is wanting you to play like a coward at first impressions. Hell at one point I even heard one of the AI firing at me from behind two walls an a corridor. Really boring AI.Upgrading weaponry can actually punish you. I put my shotgun into an upgrade station and it turned into a grenade launcher which killed me in close proximity... So you're telling me that you are going to flip the purpose of the weapon after upgrading it? Close range to STAY THE ♥♥♥♥ AWAY FROM THAT♥♥♥♥♥♥COMING OUT OF YOUR FIREARM
,Not Recommended,442780,31653276,Posted: 9 May,all,Corkeinator,"Graphics are nice but weapons lack any punch. Most of the time you will be using one of the games 3 main weapons rather than Switching weapons with a weapon wheel with a wide arrange of choice to kill your enemies, due to the fact that the weapons you find only contain 1 clip and it is extremely rare to find more ammo, or health for that matter. Remember those classic shooters with well designed levels and health pack placements? You wont find that here,these are poor randomly generated levels that all feel the same, the enemies just run up to you like zombies constantly, there is no real variation in enemy design. By the time you get to the 3rd level, you are desperate to find health, but good look finding some, then you die and your progress means nothing. There is no progression what so ever, no world story building, no exp, nothing, it is only fun for the first 10 minutes."
76561198025449057,Recommended,442780,31653552,Posted: 9 May,all,The Unhappy Camper,Its what I wanted
,Recommended,442780,31755597,Posted: 14 May,all,♂ Maiye✨,"It's not great, but it's certainly not bad. It's one of those games best played in short bursts, it's nothing really like proper 90s shooters like Quake and DOOM but it's inspired enough to make me happy. Definetly worth a try, if you're not happy with it just give it a refund. It never hurts to try."
,Recommended,442780,31651164,Posted: 9 May,all,Munchies [NerdsBG],"After a rough start STRAFE now is playable and very enjoyable.This is a roguelike game, like hardcore roguelike. It's nothing like Quake or Doom, it's inspired by them, has some similar mechanics and weapons like the flac canon from Unreal Tournament and the double barrel from Quake, it has secrets, secret levels and the art style is really Quake like, but thats all. Don't thnk you are getting anything even close to those classics or you will be dissapointed.Now for the roguelike that it is STEAFE is amaizing. Simple to play - hard to master ... very hard to master. The levels are procedural generated with rooms that are randomly placed. In the most parts you will be searching for keycards to open a door, or a head to open a door with a retina scanner or similar tasks but ultimately you have to kill everything that moves and proceed to the next level. Very roguelikey.In terms of arsenal you have 3 choises at the begining a shotgun, an automatic rifle and a railgun and then you upgrade them in random machines for upgrades just like in Call of Duty zombies where you spin the weapons in the crate that moves through the level. Also in containers through the level there are stats upgrades like fire rate, accuracy and such. I personally like when the shotgun turns into a flac canon with an alt fire that fires a granade with chunks that bounces off walls ...As every roguelike the game is hard, untill you get the hang of it. You never win - you just do a little better each time. The gore with blood splatters is great, the graphics is very Quakelike. Basically if you like roguelike games and first person shooters, if you are not into graphics and you enjoy the little things in games and finding secrets - then STRAFE is for you. If you are driven by nostalgia and you expect a Doom or Quake remake - then you will be dissapointed. Strafe is roguelike game with it's own mechanics that I happen to like a lot, but they might not be for you.Anyway, I really like STRAFE, the wait was worth it. Amaizing Roguelike game, probably the best roguelike FPS by far.The only drowback is that there is no save on exit and a run to the end takes a long time but it will probably get patched later seeing the devs are awesome."
,Not Recommended,442780,31654665,Posted: 9 May,all,pH. mmSNAKE,"It's rare for a game to♥♥♥♥♥♥me off in hour or two of gameplay. This game managed to do it. Marketed as a rogue like first person shooter inspired by 90s shooters. Cool that sounds like right up my alley. Grew up on 90s shooters and I love to play rogue likes. Sigh, sounds great on paper, the crazy gameplay they show off in the trailer looks spectacular. Like I'm playing quake again...except notOne, see all that rocket jumping, plasma wall climbing, grenade launching, jumping down vertical distances? Yeah forget that. Game punishs you with for rocket jumping. Gives you self damage. That wouldn't be a problem if health wasn't as scarce as it is. Everything in the level is random, and you can just roll that you don't get a health machine in a level, or that the health machine only gives you like 10hp. Marvelous. Need ammo? You probably won't be affording to get a shield. This game doesn't emphesise balls to the walls head first gunplay. No you will have to play it safe, make every shot count methodical crap I exactly didn't want when I bought this game.Two: upgrades in the game are dumb. You can pickup an upgrade and not even give a damn. Most of them are like small increases to your base damage, or increase your accuracy and so forth. Interface isn't very good and you aren't told what does what when you pick it up. ♥♥♥♥ even doom told you what kind of gun it was when you picked it up.Three: Guns. Oh this game has lots of cool and powerful guns right? Well ♥♥♥♥ that. You only really can rely on one gun you start with. The rest are throwaways. You pick them up, fire what is in them, and that is that. No ammo for them, nothing like that. I mean seriously? How better than to gimp a shooter revolving around constant action and shooting♥♥♥♥♥♥than limiting your gun choice and management. This is the BIGGEST issue I have with this game. I could live with the nature of pickups, with scarce health, with boring enemies. But look you picked up a plasma gun? Cool now I can plasma hike up walls 'n'♥♥♥♥♥♥ Nope. This ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ is only good for one mag. Then there are vendors that upgrade your gun, which can gimp your gun since they are random? No thank you.Four: Technical issue. For the most part the game runs fine, but I do have a good machine. Still I get issues where textures don't render, or game freezes for a second upon entering a specific tile.Five: I briefly mentioned enemies. You enter a room, and they will all just beeline for you. That is IT. You can run across entire level, they will just follow you blindly. I just get to the point where I run into a hallways and a tower defense session starts, I don't stop firing till all of them are dead.I don't have a problem this game being a rogue like. I'm fine with that. But constantly having just one weapon that is essentially functional? ♥♥♥♥ that. Maybe you get to unlock more than the three original choices later, but that doesn't help with the fact I only carry one.I keep questioning myself what I expected out of this title. Watching gameplay videos, reading descriptions. Certainly not this. Ultimately I can only blame myself, but I suggest people take a good look at this before they consider buying. I found it misleading, dissapointing mess."
,Recommended,442780,31661602,Posted: 10 May,all,Midget,"I have been looking forward to this game for a while now and I was not disapointed. The game has the feel and presentation of a 90s shooter and has fun fast paced action to boot.So far I am seeing a fairly large amount of negative reviews so let me review some of the most common complaints people are making so far.Level design - THIS GAME IS RANDOMLY GENERATED!- While it appears that the level is generated from premade chunks, the levels are randomly generated so while there is control of size and rooms, the level is not meticulously made by hand.Stupid enemies - They are supposed to be dumb- While I will agree that some of the enemies are particularly stupid, many of the enemies are dumb swarming grunts, they are not killing masterminds.Performance Issues - Only at stage endings- I have decent gaming laptop (alienware though) and so far I have experianced zero performance issues except at the end of a stage, my assumption is that it is generating and populating the next stage which is probably a heavy process.Guns not packing omph - ???- Not really sure why people keep saying this, the weapons that should feel powerful feel powerful. You get a rocket launcher and every shot is accompanied by a huge explosion, screen shake, and a big boom. The three main weapons feel fine how they are now, there not meant to be big destructive weapons, there your default gun.Game is a roguelike over an FPS - It always has been- This complaint is just dumb, we have known since the begining that this game is a roguelike and people are just complaining that its not just a purebred 90s FPS. In my opinion they did a very good job of balancing the roguelike gameplay with the 90s FPS. The game is fastpaced and bloody but you still have items you can get as you progress and health and armor to always consider.Bad sound design - I will agree on this one- While the soundtrack is absolutly amazing, I will agree with everyone on the fact that enemies have little to no sound feedbackm forcing you to constantly check behind you to make sure there are no silent enemies behind you.Little information - Another I will at least partially agree on- Other than the basic gameplay tutorial the game does not give you much information as to anything else in the game, gun upgrades are basically random since you dont know what the upgrade station is going to do and stage objectives can be very confusing sometimes. While in some cases this lack of information is bad, it isnt bad 100% of the time, it does force the player to actually think ocasionaly so its not just a dumb mindless shooting gallery.Killed by swarming enemies - Git Gud- Git GudSo while the game does have some minor performance issues and few other minor gameplay issues, the game has only just launched and I suspect the devs will adress some of these minor issues fairly quickly. Overall Strafe is an increadibly fun fast paced game with high replayability and I would highly suggest to either fans of roguelikes are to fans of the 90s FPS classics.8/10"
,Recommended,442780,31649786,Posted: 9 May,all,DankGamer,"An over the top and bloody mess of pure adrenaline fueled action. The game is as hardcore as it gets, forcing you to preserve your ammo and health. No checkpoints or saves in this either, once you die, it's back to the start. This doesn't become fustrating however, due to it's use of procedually generated levels. There are 4 ""worlds"", each with 3 levels that all look different each time you play. It's an absolute blast from the past and it's insanely addictive, a definite must have, especially for fans of classic shooters such as Quake."
,Recommended,442780,31655358,Posted: 9 May,all,SpookyDiaboliC,"Holy crap is this game good, risk of rain meets DOOM & QUAKE, it's honestly one of my favorite games just off the short time I've played. I would say the game needs a map editor though, for sure a great game."
76561198073813868,Recommended,442780,31653680,Posted: 9 May,all,DropDaBottle,"I find it kinda amusing how other players are whining about their lack of skill and blame the game for perfoming lousy. this is a shooter with roguelike elements and ofc it is supposed to be somewhat hard and ofc ammo and armor upgrades are expensive. you have to put some effort in it and just like in every roguelike-ish game you have to accept that you're going to die A LOT. Failure doesn't make me wanna hate that game. this ridiculous hate is giving me a huge laugh-off .i really enjoyed the game so far and yeah, i know, the sound design isn't that great but tbh i didn't really have an issue with enemies making no footstep sound because i was always on the move like you actually should. If you stand still in a fast-paced game like this, you're going to get killed in no time. so put some effort in it and try harder before you downvote and whine about the game being too hard. this game isn't roguelike for no reason.i really enjoyed the game so far and i absolutely adore the music and the retro design. i suppose a lot of trash kiddies who came up in the 2000s are hating that game since it is way off their era of gaming and they kinda have no connection to it. well, beauty is in the eyes of the beholder.... :)"
,Recommended,442780,31656181,Posted: 9 May,all,MadaRook,"it's a very difficult game that takes a lot of patience and focus on keeping up your health and armor.while it is difficult, it's a lot of fun to jump on and try to get as far as you can. This game is amazing. The mechanics are sound, and if you enjoy unforgiving games, than you'll enjoy Strafe.you just gotta be a lil masochistic to have fun with this game."
,Recommended,442780,31656656,Posted: 9 May,all,Stoneman N,I waited 21 years for this game!!! :)
,Recommended,442780,31653690,Posted: 9 May,all,Aatto,Lot of butt hurt people here.If they did thier research they would of known it was a rouge-like at its core.if you want a doom clone go play doom.
,Not Recommended,442780,31653968,Posted: 9 May,all,Mighty Bastard,"Oh, boy...This is a rough one. I was sincerely looking forward to this title.The game is confusing. Yeah, there's a tutorial, but it doesn't explain the hud or what anything is. There are 3 main guns you can use, plus a handful of special guns that can be found. You can purchase ammo for the main weapons, but not the pickups. Better to just use those and be done with it.For a game that claims to be ""procedurally generated,"" everything looks the same. My first 3 runs saw the same exact rooms, just in a different order.The AI is dead in the water. They just chase you around until you murder them. Even enemies that are trapped behind solid walls will continue to shoot at and follow you even though they can't see you.This game's got a horde of bugs, too. Falling through the floor, random drops to 10-15 fps, textures not loading and a couple of CTDs. This is Early Access quality, and not even good Early Access. Like, ""barely-out-of-Alpha"" levels.Save your money, lads and lasses."
76561198018439015,Recommended,442780,31889859,Posted: 21 May,all,LazyLester,"well, yeah. It's not as good as I thought it would be. I share many concerns with many other reviewers here but I give credit where credit is due. The game recieved I think 4 or 5 patches (and two of them significantly and noticibly improved gameplay and made fall damage less of a problem) in span of two weeks after the game was released. Hence my positive rating as the developer clearly reads the feedback and is intrested in improving the game."
,Recommended,442780,33252342,Posted: 4 July,all,Killer Kush,This game so good that i'm addicted to it. especially MURDERZONE.EXERECOMMENDED.
76561198058208909,Recommended,442780,31941997,Posted: 24 May,all,BuilditBUCKO,"KEEP IN MIND: this opinion is based of the current build as of writing. Whatever the developers intend to change might update this review. I recomend it, but to those who are fine with what ""90's styled shooters"" are define these days.Strafe is a ok rouge like confine space shooter simulator that gives a lot of creative spins of the genre, but has it's cons. Firstly, the low res estetic feels like quake, having rough geometry rather than fine smooth textures. Texture purist be warned, this game isn't graphicly ground breaking. This is just a throw back to old day shooter's limited graphics and uses it as art. As for the gameplay, it's caught between good and bad. I'll break down the pros and cons just so you get the idea:The ""Good"":- The weapons do feel like they have punch with the sounds they currently have. Upgrades are also fun to experiment with.- Random generated levels=infinate gameplay nearly- Good to meh soundtrack that can get you pumped, or feel out of place.- Details on weapons once upgraded have a new look to them making them more pleasing to the eye.- If you like unforgiving gameplay, this has it all.The ""Bad"" or ""TERRIBLE!"":- I did say the weapons feel like they have a good punch with sounds, but it doesn't mean they're good to use. For instance, the shotgun is a close range weapon that disperces shot at the target. This should be emencfully powerful at point blank. The shotgun has a limit though to the ammount of shot it has looking like 6 projectiles, and they have a very high spread that is so random, you'll find your self watching every projectile fly no where near to the inteaded target from a foot away.- The levels feel very similar after time and time after you die. There are four base levels that change astetics, but it still is the same shaped corrdor that you've been around. There is a few areas that are far open, but then it just looks empty.The weapon upgrades are not explained besides from the image above the upgrade booth, meaning yes you need to experiment. And most the upgrades for the shotgun are helpful, while the machinegun has lack of useful upgrades. Also it seems they buff, but debuff vastly more than the bonus. Shotgun gets two barrels, fire rate drops way down and you use two shells.- This game also earns the title of most stupidest AI of videogames. The game's AI is horrid, and will only do one thing: hunt you down. Yes I know the game is based on this premis, but if I shot all the way across the map, suddenly every enemy in the vasinity of that impact knows where I am, even when behind cover. Also they throw so many, the difficulty is really being out numbered rather than having any skill involved. And when you die, you have to restart over from the begining. I know this is a rouge like, but you don't exactly change by getting a different gun. You still hid around corners and hope the enemies are far enough from each other so you can pick off a few- Rail gun is the worst idea for this game being ranged only. If you could stealth, this would be the go to gun for that, but as it stands, the AI is stupid, and the gun is percision. The shotgun and machinegun out class this weapon due to being range and it's altfire isn't effective at all.- The altfires don't feel powerful. Example, the machinegun starts with a grenade launcher, should cause explosive splash damage at the cost of your ammo. This alt only takes out 2 enemies in it's vacinity, being utterly useless in it's own funchion. In fact, all the alts feel very underpowered than using the shotgun as your primary weapon.-Support weapons, guns you find off the ground, can be utterly useless after a few upgrade combinations with your guns. You might have a lot to carry on you, but these guns are pretty much free kill weapons if used correctly. Also the rocket launcher is a bad idea. DO NOT USE IT UNLESS YOUR A MILE AWAY!Strafe has a few things going for it, but it suffers with buggy AI that just swarms you even if you ""sneak"" to the best of your abilities, weapons that seem powerful are actaully as random to their usefullness like the binding of Isacc, and this is just stora bland with the same assets. I recommend it if you are willing to put up with the BS and have nothing else better to do. An easy to pop in a play game. However, you might consider it when it's on sale or in a future update. Currently right now, it's just not complete. I would love to see coop eventually, or even a secondary weapon appear to start with because the difficulty is just enemy numbers vs your arsenal. And if you are reading developers, take them notes, but be a creative as you like."
,Recommended,442780,31728921,Posted: 13 May,all,Rowsdower,"Think of it more as a FPS rougelike with a old shcool coat of paint then a stright up shooter. Im emjoying it as is, depends if you are a fan of the genre"
76561197968436608,Not Recommended,442780,31654802,Posted: 9 May,all,Origami,"I was really looking forward STRAFE, but unfortunately it has some very serious issues.For a game that revolves around shooting, the actual shooting feels completely weightless and lacks ANY punch. I was kind of shocked by how off it feels, to be honest. Enemies seemed completely braindead, all running in my general direction without any sort of interesting or unique attack patterns. Oh, and enemies don't make ANY sounds - no footsteps or anything of the sort to let you know they're coming, other than the sounds of them shooting at walls 3 rooms away from you for whatever reason.The game lacks ANY information about the weapons and items you find. seriously, they don't even have names - there's no way to know what that random thing you just bought/found does, or what weapon you just picked up - and they all looks so similiar. Even a name hinting at what it is would've been helpful.Pickups are impossible to spot on the ground, getting lost in a mish-mash of gibs and other pixelated debris.After playing for less than an hour, the random level generation was already getting repetitive - that seems to suggest that the generator has a very small pool of rooms to draw from.I could go on and on, but I was just really disappointed all around.Cool soundtrack and style, though."
76561197983601366,Recommended,442780,32005856,Posted: 27 May,all,William Shakeshack,"Strafe is great but I cautiously recommend this game, it is definitely not an instant buy or for anyone.The game tries to appeal to a lot of retro players especially with the fast paced gameplay, aesthetics and overall feel of the game. To some extend the game succeeds in some regards but it has some flaws and is somewhat barebones at the time of release.You assume the role of a scrapper who massacres his way around a derelict space ship and other environments, gunning down tons of mutants and weird creatures. The arsenal is decent but a lot of weapons feel rather similar and ammo can be scarce. Before each run you can chose between an assault rifle, shotgun and railgun. So you will mostly stick to those during your run, trying to find upgrades and alternative firemodes. Unfortunately this limits the variety of guns that are available, various weapons can be obtained by scavenging but the ammo is limited to one clip for most part. The weapons themselves are quite satisfying mostly because enemies split into million pieces upon shooting them, the feedback is nice even if a lot of guns are rather weak.As for the movement, it's fast and fluid. Jumping around the hordes and dodging out of harms way is great. I think it really nails the fluidity of movement, which really enhances the gameplay. Additional upgrades that can be purchased even increase your speed and dexterity.On each run you collect scrap as a form of currency, there are also credits which are used to buy upgrades. During your plyathroughs, you find various stat boosts which make you more resilient and effective.A controversial issue is that these stats also affect your weapons, initially the guns are incredibly weak and not very effective. After some upgrades you shoot more precise and the damage is increased, this differs quite a bit from other games in that similar vein. The game doesn't have an in-depth rpg system though, only various stats that can be increased.The graphics look nice and the overall art is pretty pleasing, combined with the soundtrack it's an enjoyable experience. Usually I boot up my own music and it works really well.The biggest issues I have right now is the lack of variety, the randomly generated environments are servicable but lack variety. The enemies just rush you on sight and the game can be utterly unforgiving. One bad move and you might as well restart your entire run. Also some of the hit boxes are rather awful, as a player you don't even notice when you take damage. A more direct feedback like screen shaking or sound would be great. There is not much to the game at this point instead of shooting, I wish some of the roguelike mechancis were a bit expanded and allowed for more customization. Perhaps more classes would be great as well.Overall I think it's an enjoyable and polished experience but definitely not a must buy. It's really great to just listen to some hardcore music and play a few rounds of Strafe, despite it being somewhat frustrating at times."
,Recommended,442780,35431156,Posted: 2 October,all,Flame Soulis,"If you had complaints about the game before, the Millennium Edition update pretty much fixed everything. The game is still difficult by design, but now with the ability to save the game, it feels more forgiving when I want to stop a run."
,Recommended,442780,33318130,Posted: 6 July,all,HeyZeus Christo,Strafe is downright fun. The style and soundtrack are boisterous and captivating - I'm having a hard time peeling myself away from the screen! I even enjoyed the tutorial! The last hour of my life flew by in an adrenaline-fueled instant. Murder Room offers extended play and just might be my favorite part of the game so far. Can't wait to put some more time into Strafe!
76561197967559167,Recommended,442780,35459785,Posted: 3 October,all,Robot Vagina,"We all want to relive Quake again. While this is a good attempt, with the procedural level design and asthetic, it's not quite there. But really, how can anyone reinvent Quake?I recommend it if you're really dying for a cute 90s FPS revival. Compared to Ziggurat though, I think Ziggurat is a better attempt at this style of Quake-like rogue-like FPS."
,Recommended,442780,31713507,Posted: 12 May,all,Spiffo,"They patched it, its fine now"
,Not Recommended,442780,31653708,Posted: 9 May,all,ETDP,"Floaty movement, guns have no weight, level design is mediocre. Aesthetic is great, but the game is a house without foundation and collapses in on intself really quickly. Also, no voices or sounds for enemies..?"
,Recommended,442780,31660208,Posted: 9 May,all,Chensta,"I simply didn't give a ♥♥♥♥ just ran in and died. Its fast paced, anyone complaining about reloads should be shot because in multiple videos they showed reloads. Issues that i have is that it really does encourage ""cowardly"" play if you want to live longer than a few minutes...but for me I just run in and try to live as long as I can. Just how the 90s did it. Run, gun and die. Haven't crashed on me yet.8/10"
76561197971449965,Recommended,442780,31745154,Posted: 14 May,all,Jenesis,"Is Strafe worth your time? YesIs Strafe ""the best shooter of 1996""? Eh, kind of.Strafe channels 1997 (Quake 2) rather more than 1996 (the original Quake), but some elements of old-school shooters really are here - the fast movement, a wide variety of weapons, the art style. There are some differences, though. The roguelike features include relatively rare health/armour pickups - not rare enough to make the game ridiculously hard (though as with most roguelikes, expect to die a fair bit early on as you find your feet) - but rare enough that it does change the playstyle. Since there's also permadeath, so no reloading, Strafe doesn't encourage you to play it in the way we played Quake II back in '97, where you'd save, run into somewhere dangerous and hope to come out the other side, and reload if you didn't.Roguelikes also throw you in at the deep end and don't explain everything. When you find a weapon upgrade station, there's a symbol telling you what it does to your basic weapon, but if you've never seen it before it's probably not totally clear what it does. So if you take the upgrade you may find your weapon has become somewhat specialized (the shotgun can turn into a grenade launcher, for example) and isn't as useful in some situations. That's part of how roguelikes work, exploring mechanics and learning across multiple playthroughs, but if you're expecting a 1996 shooter, it just looks like poor game design.I can understand some of the mixed reviews Strafe has got. Certainly if I'd backed it on Kickstarter based on the initial pitch, I'd have been slightly surprised by the outcome. I think the creators have backed themselves into a corner to an extent with their marketing campaign, which doesn't really set you up with the expectation of the roguelike elements (which, let's face it, really aren't from 1996 shooters).ProsReally captures the movement and physics of older shootersRandomized levels keep things interestingWeapon varietySoundtrackSense of humour and nods to older games - between levels in area 3, for example, you ride a tram that's pretty clear tribute to the start of the original Half-LifeRuns very well. I've seen a few people complain of framerate drops, I've only seen this between levels while it's doing some loading. It could be a bit smoother, but it's the one part of the game where it doesn't matter much.EDIT: Actually, having played Murder Zone (a horde-style mode) with the area 4 level set, I've seen it chug something awful. The actual campaign is fine, though.ConsAlthough a ""traditional"" save feature doesn't make sense with a permadeath game, having to play through a run in a single sitting is a bit of a pain. FTL handled this well - you could save and quit, and on restarting you could either resume, or start a new game.I like the mechanic where non-basic weapons only have one magazine and are then discarded, but because you can only cycle through them in, as far as I can tell, the order you picked them up, and you can end up with quite a few, sometimes you find yourself dodging fire while scrolling through thinking ""I'm sure I've got a rocked launcher heresomewhere"". An old-style interface at the top of the screen to scroll through would be nice.EDIT: After playing some more, the weapons might actually be in a fixed order, but since you easily lose track of what you're carrying, it's still a bit of a faff.There are a few glitches (I've been shot through the floor once or twice), but the devs do seem to be patching rapidly. I also nearly had to give up after defeating the final boss for the first time after getting stuck on some geometry, though I did eventually unstick myself and manage to actually complete the game.The map is rather difficult to use - because it's a proper 3D world (unlike, say, the original Doom), you can sometimes be underneath other bits of the level, and you can't actually see yourself on the map. Also, moving with the map open is an odd experience, because your character is no longer looking forwards.The randomized levels do mean you can sometimes get ganked right at the start of the level with no space to manoeuvre - it's best to make sure you've got your most powerful weapon to hand during the transition."
,Recommended,442780,32663500,Posted: 22 June,all,SEKTOR321178,"A fun game about shooting stuff. If you like DOOM, Duke Nukem, Quake or Unreal I'd say buy this game as soon as you can."
76561198078274857,Not Recommended,442780,31665965,Posted: 10 May,all,ImalaSimak,"The guns you start with feels like water pistols, the enemies feel like kids chasing because you brought gum to school, the generated maps feels like my moms ♥♥♥♥♥hole. Don't buy this piece of♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,442780,31658306,Posted: 9 May,all,Grit Von Derpfist,"Way to difficult compared to 90's shooters at thier highest difficulties with how it seams there is RNG involved with weapon upgrades that either make them slightly better or worse then stock.Health was a insane PITA to keep at a resonable level without ****y footing backwards constantly unlike shooters of oldUpgrades and whatever the hell were in the metal boxes... WTF did they actually do was extremely trial an errorSpent more time back pedeling and dieing to actually enjoy the rougelike half of the game which is a bummer but really.. spent just a hair below 2 hours died I dont remember how many times having a hard time even getting past level 3...I don't feel like I totaly suck at old school style shooters since I avoid the modern ""cod"" style shooters I live by what toxxik says... Frag like its 1999!Really look elsewhere or get something like GLdoom an grab some crazy wad total conversions for it an rock out the murder the right way.will say a few positives on this game thoughwhen I wasn't busy dieing I really enjoyed the retro low res low poly feel of the game it really did feel proper.GIBS! GLORIOUS GIBS! GOD HOW I MISS YOU AN YOUR BLOODY GORYNESS! feels like something ripped out of quake2 an cranked up to 11!Though I won't be returning to strafe its really just kicked me in the nuts hard enough to get my butt in gear an start looking for some quake 2 an doom engine mods to rock out and maybe go an buy the original unreal again as I can't find my disk..."
76561198044350999,Recommended,442780,33505635,Posted: 13 July,all,Uberon,"Welp, FYI I give you positive because I want this game to be better than it is now (and also because of a good imagination of mine). Though game is considered by some people as boring and not so fast paced (as I heard) it has some good sides. For starters, script. As I saw it I was considering my character as lone and desperate scout, lost H*ll-know-where stuck on spacecraft on the planet's orbit. Only chance to return home is to get pilot room. Easy. Wrong. Doors shut tight by some freaks, who started the plague so just they could escape if something go wrong. But you has a chance. A glimpse of it, actually. Those f**kers think that you'll never ever try to go into teleporter right to your death, so they left it opened. Prove 'em wrong. Take weapon of your choosing, descent to Icarus, fight like All Star, get to those eggheads and smash them!(Ubergore is something, ey?)"
76561197979555911,Not Recommended,442780,31667235,Posted: 10 May,all,Noddy! :D,"Ran like crap on my 1070 with 16GB Ram and a 6500.Would probably be half decent if it ran well, but it doesn't.  Quick refund though, thanks Steam!"
76561197993790681,Recommended,442780,33685012,Posted: 20 July,all,DUKE NUKEM,"this is a realy fun rougelike FPS and I play ALOT of rougelike FPS, I think some people went in here expecting an oldschool FPS with a traditional campaign and that is not what they got but if a rougelike is what you want then you will be pleased.it isn't all perfect, I think the starting zone of the game is the least well designed and least interesting which is a shame because some people won't be patient enough to see how cool the later stages are.also my biggest complaint....omg the secrets, finding them is an eyestraign nightmare...there are tiny bugs that run up and into a wall and they run into that wall then that wall can be destroyed....but there is no other visual indicator than the bug and it is SO SMALL and if you don't see it the first time it goes in too bad for youthere are also ceiling panels to shoot but they are easier to find (although very rare) and you will still strain your eyes looking up at the ceiling all the time to find them.....overall the secrets are pretty unfiendly to find but you will need them to survive"
76561198078552894,Recommended,442780,34457199,Posted: 24 August,all,Letoo,"First of all, i LOVE this game. After loosing my first steam account out of stupidity (fk me), i bought it again on this one. I made a little commentary about my first impression herehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ZMoxNMGtQUSo, lets go for a detailed review!The game is an tribute to oldschool 8bit shooters like Quake and Doom. We start off as a ""scrap collector"" sort of guy. There is a detailed tutorial that guides us through the basic steps. It can be skipped, so that is pretty cool. But the beautiful lady that guides us through the tutorial also gives us some exposition to the game, and our goal. So i wouldnt recommend skipping it immediately.The game is incredibely difficult at start. It seems to be pretty easy to mow down all those generic zombie henchmen, but considering that you got literally NO checkpoints you will get thrilled as soon as your HP hits a low. You get to choose between 3 weapons, wich you can upgrade and modify. Also you will find weapons throughout the game, wich offer you one magazine of pure madness and destruction before you can use them as a cudgel to deliver a final lethal blow.But collecting your scrap, a random drop from monsters and chests, you can spend it on regaining armor and ammunition at multiple ""shopping spots"". You can also give a tribute to the allmighty scraplord and get some cash for it. After beating a few chapters you will get the opportunity to spend that cash on things like jetpack, portal shards etc.There are some different types of enemies with different armour, weapons and behaviours. So be careful!Pros:-Fast paced and fluid-A lot of different weapons-Enemies are often different when it comes to weaponry and behaviour-No checkpoints! So you have to be careful-pretty solid level design, even though it might be irritating from time to timeCons:-No checkpoints! So you have to be careful (i view this as good and bad to some extend)-The scraplord is a greedy ♥♥♥♥♥, so you have to pay ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s of scrap to get your armor/ammunition backDefinately recommend this game for every fan of oldschool schooters.TL;DR:PRAISE THE SCRAPLORD!"
,Recommended,442780,31659396,Posted: 9 May,all,Trogtor,"I played this game from start to finish. Most of the negative reviews are from people who havent beat the first three levels.The first world (or the first three levels) are in Icarus colony. This place sucks. Too much confined space with too many enemies. After you make it past this place, the game is a breeze. The game looks a lot nicer too.Don't get me wrong though, there are a lot of things wrong with this game. Enemies only make sound whenever they detect you or they're dying, so you'll have no idea if an enemy is right behind you. This gets really annoying. Like I said, the first section of the game gives itself a terrible impression on itself. The first area you'll encounter has a large amount of enemies in confined space. The next three worlds (yeah, theres only four) are much more open spaced and aren't cluttered with enemies.I've heard people say this game lacks performance wise. I don't have a super computer but It's also not cheap (using a 750 ti). I had some frame drops fighting enemies but it wasnt anything too serious. I mean I did beat the game after all. Upon reaching the end of the level, the games fps drops dramatically. I can guess this is because its removing the assets of the old level and loading the new one. But they could have easily put that in the actual sequence where you change levels.Also, there seemes to be a glitch where some scrap pieces are unable to be picked up. Theres also an item that is basically a magent to scrap metal, so if you manage to come across a piece of scrap metal that cant be picked up, its just stuck under your character. The scrap metal also has racast collision making it somehow get in the way when you try to open doors.The game is good. Can't say its 20 dollars good."
76561197999839952,Not Recommended,442780,31664310,Posted: 10 May,all,Sir Peep Franklin I,"This game sure knew how to hype itself up, but it just couldn't deliver. The videos set the expectations, but once you start playing it, reality sets in and what you see isn't quite what you get.Expectation: Fast paced shooter, running around and blasting everything in sight.Reality: Progressing forward to the next batch of enemies, then backtracking to line them to shoot them.Expectation: Weapons that cause widespread destruction and mayhem.Reality: Weapons that might as well be  nerf guns.Expectation: Enemies that are unique and punishing.Reality: 6 models that are just reskinned for each level, almost all of them melee-based, who bee-line right for you, resulting in the aforementioned running backwards...a lot.Like many, expected this game to be in homage to the FPS's of old like Doom and Quake. Like many, disappointed that it doesn't."
,Not Recommended,442780,31668884,Posted: 10 May,all,.tranchemusic,"I've requested a refund due to unsolvable mouse sensitivity issues affecting a (small?) number of players.It seems like a good game other than that, but buyer beware"
,Recommended,442780,31706460,Posted: 12 May,all,Cryptic,"If You play this game, your head WILL explode."
,Recommended,442780,31674753,Posted: 10 May,all,SeperatedSoul,"lots of negative reviews i see. honestly i have a few things i really dont like but overall i find it very fun.The bad:-i have only played about 1-2hrs now and have found many many bugs that are game breaking (ie i have had the game crash 2 times during play, just freeze and not respond, this is frustrating since once you die you restart no save points etc.), i have found a few enviromental glitches that stick you in a spot you cannot get out of so you must restart, doors that need to be opened bug out and make the open sound but do not open etc. so little bit buggy i find-guns ""feel"" kinda weak i found.-enemies are predictable but thats more so expected on this type of gamethe Good:-fun gameplay-fast paced-good variety of guns-i like the roque like aspect, you feel like the prey in this game, health and armor are very few and far between so you need to be carefull going into combat-old school feel and look is awesome.final words:i really like the game. im choked at a few of the bugs since basically all the ones i have found in my first hour of gameplay have been total game breaking bugs... so that is a bit dissapointing, and im running a very good PC with all new hardware so there should be no issues on that end. i found the gameplay to be fun and entertaining, level design is a cool idea how it is pre generated although im not a huge fan of that style but it seems to work fairly well overall.would i recomend it to others. yes and no. yes because of the gameplay, no because of the bugs (which i am hoping some may be addressed!)"
76561198234368076,Recommended,442780,31778158,Posted: 15 May,all,elg5057,Nailed it! Great job!
76561198082183198,Recommended,442780,31654366,Posted: 9 May,all,The Mega Weasel,"So far my time with STARFE has been very enjoyable. I normally don't enjoy roguelight games but this game has such a fast and enjoyable combat system that has me reminising to times of doom and quake. Whilst there does seem to be a weird low amount of health packs, the randomly generated levels leave me always wondering whats coming up next. Along with the enjoyable variety in enimies, 3 seperate starting weapon types that feel different (would like to see more but it's not a big complaint) and extra weapons on the map itself for when you get desperate, a variety in items you can aquire from the shop keep found in the levels, a bonus mode which serves as a survival/horde mode, the variety in my experience in what i've played so far is more than enough for me. I can forsee people who play alot of rougelight games to maybe see it as somewhat shallow but from someone who casually plays those type of games I have no major complaints for content. For the resonable price of £15 i have a very enjoyable roguelight FPS game with the added promise of more updates post launch."
,Recommended,442780,31656502,Posted: 9 May,all,Guianan Cock-of-the-Rock,"Fun and challenging roguelite that could use a little balance tweaking and optimization, but is still very enjoyable"
,Recommended,442780,31653811,Posted: 9 May,all,Donkonky,"There's a lot of negativity in the first user reviews. I'm lost as to why- the game is great.A lot of the complaints that are flying about are to with difficulty. People saying "" I was expecting 90s badassness"" and ""There's loads of holding S"" and ""you have to avoid your health getting chipped!"" - These are ALL things that you had to do in QUAKE / DOOM (which everyone seems to be an expert in all of a sudden) Did anyone actually play those games? Seems like the playerbase has regressed!It's funny, because when a game is ACTUALLY hardcore and roughs the player around like the old days, everyone wusses out. Okay there are a couple of bugs, but such is life. They'll get ironed out.Fellow Steam users, pay no heed to these whiners. The weapons are fun, enemies brutal and the randomly generated levels keep you on your toes. I sense plenty of replay value here.Recommended. Or you could just throw your toys out the pram when you lose and go back to your little echo chamber."
76561198013068081,Recommended,442780,31650978,Posted: 9 May,all,Moon Man,"Its pretty fun but i found some aspects are pretty annoying such as spending 10 minutes trying to find a keycard to open a door in a small room and never being able to find it. Other than that its a pretty solid retro fps, a bit on the pricey side though."
,Not Recommended,442780,31658683,Posted: 9 May,all,Praetor Kamahl,"You wanna know what STRAFE is like at release? I'll tell you. Every damned detail.I was looking forward to a retro-styled shooter in the vein of Quake or DOOM. It scratches that itch to a decent degree, I confess. However, playing this game is like going in for a hit, and li'l speckles of feces are mixed in there. ""What the hell?"" you ask, wondering how turd got in your product - well, read on.My first playthrough that was seeing success got me to 2-2, and I was having some thorough fun. Sure, some minor grievances here and there, but so what if the upgrades are mostly worthless? Who cares if the inventory screen is a buggy piece of garbage? It's fun, right? ""THANKS FOR PLAYING THE DEMO"" a popup screen reads, akin to the shareware screens from my childhood. It melts away, and I'm expecting it to be a joke - nope, the only joke is me for believing this crap to be finished. Kicks me to the title screen, no unlocks or anything to be heard.I quit out, see not one, but TWO updates go off, before figuring ""Hey maybe they had a hiccup, it can't be all bad, right?"" I go at it again. This time, I get to 3-2. I'm enjoying myself, seeing new things, trying new ideas - I walk into a side-room, and suddenlyI'm boxed in and can't escape. I'm pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥- but.. it was kinda fun. It took a while to get there though, and there's no checkpoint / reload system to fix this kind of hogwash. I goof around, play the Murder Room mode, and find it fun.. up until I suddenly go from 144 fps to 6fps for an entire wave. Why? I've no damn idea, how about the devs answer this one?Okay. I want to wrap this game up, it's buggy but surely I can't go 3 for 3. Right? R-Right? Hah. Hahah. I'm such a naive tool. I make it to 4-2 (or the end of 4-1, to be precise), slide down a ramp, and.. nothing. Or, rather, astarry fieldand my character falling what I'm assuming is endlessly. Screw this game, they pushed out what's basically my favorite dish, with li'l chunks of glass thrown in. Maybe they'll tear my digestive tract apart, maybe it won't? Apparently it ripped up my throat, stomach, and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, and now I'm warning you to stay away until it gets some serious love."
,Recommended,442780,31653406,Posted: 9 May,all,TheTolsonator,"Rad game, ya dig?Fantastic gunplay, frantic twitch shooting like the era it hails from and there's even an option to make it look as horrible as the old games do on current screens without some kinda of high texture mod. There's a depth to the game that goes beyond just the progression and fleetingness of most rogue like games where you can find all sorts of secrets, both insane and expected. If you grew up like I did playing DOOM and Quake on your old Pentium 2 systems (or even older) you're sure to love this game."
76561198061165194,Recommended,442780,31716889,Posted: 12 May,all,Darkslice,It's pretty good
,Recommended,442780,34122160,Posted: 9 August,all,w3stracer,rng: the game
,Recommended,442780,33420748,Posted: 9 July,all,casadis,Pretty fun game!
,Recommended,442780,35431361,Posted: 2 October,all,Dutchoper72,♥♥♥♥ing Awesome!
,Recommended,442780,31698317,Posted: 12 May,all,gay,chumps stay out
,Recommended,442780,31652543,Posted: 9 May,all,Bear,I played a bit of Strafe and heres what i have to say. All in all the game is pretty good. 99.9% of the comments who♥♥♥♥♥♥on the game are people who wanted this title to be like DOOM or Quake and they say that the game is crap because its rouge like and that the levels are proceduraly generated but they already couldve known that before buying the game since the dev's advertised it as an rouglike with proceduraly generated levels and that youre not getting  a game like DOOM rather something like Devil Daggers they also complain about certain things that will be fixed in the next patches as the dev team said.As for the VV-1N preorder gun i have to say its a fun joke gun that makes you instantly beat Strafe when fired it gives you no advantage over the ''average Joe''. The game except for the main menu looks and feels like an old 90's shooter some people are complaining about the enemies following you and their poor positioning but in games like Serious Sam (which they use to compare these 2 games) you also have large quanteties of enemies chasing you in a single line at the time some enemies in S. Sam are also programmed so dumb you wouldnt believe if you replayed the game today and as for positioning it well Serious Sam isnt a rougelike with proceduraly generated levels neither is Quake or DOOM so again youre comparing differntly styled games and things that can or cannot be done within a certain genre. Things i certanly felt that were lacking a bit was the gunplay i feel as if some guns dont do that much damage. But the gore and overall aesthetic feels amazing especially the soundtrack i also like the fluidity and being able to move so freely.
,Not Recommended,442780,31795701,Posted: 16 May,all,Count_Zero_Interrupt,"I want to like Strafe more than I do. I like what it's going for, with the retro aesthetic, exaggerated 90's attitude and callback to classics like Quake. I recenly downloaded the original Quake and think it still looks and plays great. I love games that play around with the rogue-like (or as some refer to this game, ""rogue-lite"") structure.But overall I just found Strafe boring.The weapons are dull and don't feel great to use. The power-ups are kind of lame - many of them are functionally inferior to the default firing modes you start with. You don't get many opportunities to grab weapon upgrades and when you do get them they're random, so you spend the vast majority of the game with the same gun and have no control over how it improves. Items are expensive and you earn little money, so you can't afford more than a couple per run, and none of them do anything particularly cool. There isn't much variety in enemy type, or behavior - the vast majority are just ugly little zombie-like humanoids. No weird crazy monsters or huge mini-bosses.  The combat isn't very fast or intense. Typically it involves standing in a door or hallway gunning down masses of guys as they simply rush you. The levels are randomly generated, and it shows. They tend to be repetitive and boring, and the pixellated textures make everything muddy looking.And to add to all that, despite the game's extremely lo-fi aesthetic, it somehow still stutters at the end of each level as it starts to load the next.I got through to the end and died on the last boss. Feel no motivation to try again. Very dissapointed that the advertising was 100 times more appealing than the actual product."
76561198067309816,Not Recommended,442780,31664400,Posted: 10 May,all,neoxid501,"It reminded me of games Wasted and Tower of Guns in a lot of ways, but not nearly as much polish. It gets the style and atmosphere of a game from 1996 right, but I wasn't satisfied with the game play loop enough to even keep it in my library."
,Recommended,442780,31693089,Posted: 11 May,all,Dirtbox,"This game is superb, it's getting a lot of negativity but I can't really find a reason to dislike it. It's clearly made with a lot of love and while there are a few rough edges, it's nothing approaching gamebreaking. Sod everyone, I love it.If there was one thing I'd pinpoint to improve, it's the sound design. It's got all the makings of being solid, but it doesn't have that visceral crunch and pop to anything. There isn't even a sound effect for when you're being hit."
76561197972322145,Recommended,442780,31693822,Posted: 11 May,all,Plebian Rhapsody,"After playing a few runs when I first got it, I admit I was skeptical that the game could live up to the hype. Most people seemed to be upset with the lack of ""fairness,"" as well as the lack of room to move in most of the levels in the first zone. Since Patch 1 there seems to be marked improvement to pretty much everything.Falling damage has been greatly reduced, so now you can feel free to dive about the place, raining shotgun pellets down from the sky like some demented gull with hot lead botulism.Level generation seems to favour bigger, more open rooms in the first zone, which helps againt the bottle-necking ""strategy"" necessary in the first build. Now you can actually... STRAFE®. I know! What a world we live in.Trust me when I say things get a lot more free and open from Zone 2 onwards. The familiar, grimdark imperial-looking corridors give way to some really interesting and multi-layered (if kind of maze-like) maps with plenty of opportunity for flashy death-bringing.My only major criticism of the game is the tendency for the majority of enemies to charge head-on. I get it, they're mindless goons with melee weapons, but it does tend to force scrappers to start backing up like my drains after taco tuesday. Though, with the tendency towards more open levels in the first zone, this problem becomes more of a minor irritation than any game-breaking flaw.And though I may get angry at the occasional bugs or unfair placement, I keep coming back for more.I still wanna splatter the walls, I wanna feel like a badass, I wanna hear those tasty jams.I WANNA GET SOME. 8/10"
76561197976536007,Recommended,442780,31693443,Posted: 11 May,all,cap'njazz,"This game is a lot of fun, not sure what all the hate is about."
76561198068466253,Not Recommended,442780,31662160,Posted: 10 May,all,Pugware,"Looks like my childhood, sounds nothing like my childhood, but plays nothing like my childhood.....TLDR: All style no substance.The cute positives:-Options menu, hilarious... for 5 seconds.-Graphics, charming, wears off fast.-GORE! Perfect.The negatives:-1 perma weapon.... what the ♥♥♥♥...-In a game titles STARFE you will not be doing it a lot in the tight small hallways.... what?!-Where is the profanity at?The game severely misses the point of the 90s shooters. Doom and Quacke is amazing to this day because of tightly designed enemies, Strafe KIND of has this. AND tightly designed levels incredibly intircate with well places and paced encoutners. Strafe has the ""walls open up and a ton of mobs pour out"" moments, but when this is generated by an algorithm.... its not working at all. In those games you had a tightly balanced set of weapons always available and you'd have to choose the right ones to pick out the enemies in the correct priority order.... in this game its almost lll determined by luck because of the way weapons are all picked up and thrown away 10 seconds later.Really disappointment in this, took no time to see where this is going and its NOT what they made it look like."
,Recommended,442780,31666675,Posted: 10 May,all,Koharu Kahazi,"Once you get passed the first venue, the game really picks up and becomes ""THRILLING SCIFI ACTION"". Just give the game a chance, it really does nail the roguelike old school fps really well. It'll feel like you're playing a mix of Ziggurat and Doom on drugs, its a lot of fun."
76561198079102549,Not Recommended,442780,31656571,Posted: 9 May,all,TheLizardKing,"Procedural level generation does not work for 3D games. All of the effort put into such a system could have been simply put into level design. I tried to like STRAFE. It has potential and hopefully the devs will fix gameplay issues, but right now, the game lacks substance to justify its literal joke price of $19.96. Buy it when there's a price drop.FPS ROGUELIKES THAT ARE BETTER THAN STRAFE:DOOM with the DoomRL mod and Oblige level generator.Duke Nukem 3D with the War of Attrition mod.Quake but instead of loading a save after dying, you restart the entire game."
76561198065269623,Recommended,442780,31667542,Posted: 10 May,all,JenkyDanky,"There are a lot of reviews for this game from people who haven't even made it out of the first round, which why you'd review a game you've only completed 10% of i have no idea. So take a lot of these negative reviews with a grain of salt.This games tough, but extremely fun. You'll die a lot learning how the enemies work and how movement works, but it really is oh so worth it, the game play is super super fun. If you were ever a fan of the original doom, this game will sing to you like a flock of beautiful birds.I'm having a blast with this game, and getting further and further in it just makes the game better and better.Give this game a shot if you like rogue like games, shoot em ups, or both."
,Not Recommended,442780,31703189,Posted: 12 May,all,Surkey,"The performance is shocking. Even on 480p resolution I couldn't finish the game. Near the end of the last boss fight I dropped down to 10fps constantly and died after a 1 hour 20 minute run. Nice.My rig is an i7-4790k and a 970 so it's not like my PC is bad, this game just runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥even on low resolutions"
,Not Recommended,442780,31669534,Posted: 10 May,all,bobby,"what was advertised as a throwback shooter is actually a fps rouge like which is kind of a bummerguns feel bad and have to reload which sucks.enemys just run at you in a straight line too, which you know defeates the point of strafeing!very easy to just run back and choke point themcollecting the scrap is kinda and chore to get more ammo and armour.its floor based so its based on runs, instead of being a shooter which was not really shown in the trailershonestly its not great and feels weak, a better fps rouge like i would reccomend is bunker punksthe fmv tutorial was neat i guess??the throwback visuals are kinda boring as well honestly. a real case of trying to missell a game to the customerdissapointing"
76561198060897854,Recommended,442780,33174437,Posted: 3 July,all,Da G Man,"I can't believe the things people will complain about these days. ""it isn't nostalgic or classic because it doesn't look like it"" ""it's too hard and I can't find health anywhere"" ""I have to start all over waaaaaah waaaaaah""ok so first things first, it doesn't feel old or classic because of the engine.  I dont think anyone would want to play it if it was copied and pasted from Quake or Doom ect it would make you just want to play one of them instead.  It feels how it feels because thats how it was made and thats what the devs crafted it from.  It is advertised the way it is because it simulates that old school difficulty and fast paced combat from those great games of old it just has its own unique spin on it with the rogue-like elements and what I think are pretty cool graphics that make the game stand out.Secondly ""its to hard"" well if you play it for more than 1 or 2 hours for that sweet sweet refund maybe... oh I dont know you will slowly get better at it? learn the enemies attack patterns and what weapon is best used in what scenario you will get further and further and see new areas and new enemies that makes every room and every level a fight for survival. Give it a chance try different starting weapons and come up with a new strategy with anything you can scavenge around the levels to anything you can buy from the merchant or♥♥♥♥♥♥away your money getting more health and armor from the many small workbench looking vendors sprinkled throughout the game.Finally its rogue-like, if you die you start over and if you do not like that this isn't the game for you. Buying it downloading it and ♥♥♥♥♥ing about it will not change that it is rogue-like it just shows you have a genuine interest in the game and want to play it and enjoy it you just need to hack at it until you get that run that rockets you further then you have ever been before and it will feel so much better than a victory that is handed to you. Thats the purpose of this genre to punish you and not baby you with checkpoints and quick loads. You make it or lose it and try again.I enjoy this game for what it is and admitedly I think 20$ is a little much at this point in time and would love to see more things added to the game like more starting weapons or gadgets to buy from the merchant, anything that adds to the replayability even more.  If you are still on the fence get it on sale like I am doing or watch some gameplay of Strafe, it isn't for everyone and that is fine just don't hate it because it isn't what YOU want it to be."
,Recommended,442780,31655328,Posted: 9 May,all,CrazyBFG,A very enjoyable Rogue-Lite FPS game heavily inspired by Quake. The only problem I've found in it is the AI is fairly dumb and will just sprint at you.
,Recommended,442780,31655346,Posted: 9 May,all,Boing Boom Tschak,"[[This review was written at the time of it's intended release in the mystical year of 1996.]]STRAFE. A cutting edge revolutionary of PC gaming. Developed by unknown group known as Pixel Titans who took bold steps as a contender for true 3D shooting gameplay. Many before it like Doom and Wolfenstein pales in comparison to what STRAFE is capable of. With unheard of technologies such as randomly genrated levels and gore physics, does STEAFE have the power to stand the test of time for decades to come?We begin with the weapons: you only have a choice of 3: a shortrange shotgun, A medium to short range rifle, and a long range laser gun. Each has a left mouse and a right mouse click shooting mode. Yes! you are supposed to use your mouse to shoot and look around! In fact, it is the ideal way to play with outstanding precision on the player's part. But I digress.Unlike Doom and Wolfenstein, You have to reload your guns. What happened to nonstop shooting? there was nothing inherently wrong with that except it is not like how guns realistically work; I don't keep shooting an ar15 after I used up my 20-30 round mag. This is the case for STRAFE. After you shoot 25 bullets for the rifle, for example, you stop shooting and reload. It not only breaks the flow of your mayhem, It is severely detremental when you stop shooting; for you will be ambushed by the enemies.You will notice very few enemies in the first stages don't shoot at you, The chase you around. With Doom and Wolfensten, Almost every enemy fired some sort of projectile at you. While those in STRAFE can fire at you, their first instinct is to bum rush you, even with their projectile weapons. This forces the player to back off and play a little extra smart in their encounters.You have to play smart with the guns you start with because of their one fatal flaw: the damage. In Doom II, the super shotgun can annihilate a group of regular grunt soldiers in one shot and the normal shotgun can get 2 maybe 3 guys at once in a matter of a couple of shots. in STRAFE, the left click attack for the shotgun can sometimes kill one guy, and sometimes damage the guy if no kill. The rifle is no better when it comes to spraying like the chaingun from Doom. The laser cannon can do a good ammount, but if you miss, it will be punishing. With these controls, it will take some time to get used to. Fortunately, there is a right click attack that does more damage, but that will take up a percentage of your magazine reserves, thus forcing you to reload more often and therefore: more interrupted mayhem.The items come in this weird currency based system. You pick up scrap so you can spend it on ammo and armor. What happened to just picking up ammo and armor? Special powerups would appear if you shoot crates. What happened to picking up powerups? You also come across a machine that exchanges your starter gun for an upgraded one. WHAT HAPPENED TO JUST PICKING THE FRICKING THING UP? You can also come across other, more powerful weapons on the ground (THANK GOODNESS), but they only have 10 or so rounds in them and you cannot use your scrap for ammo on these guns. Health is quite a rarity as it comes in food machines and very few health and ammo packs show up on the floor. What does Pixel Titans have against floors?I love their concept of having different levels every time you play. However, I can only think that it is a thinly veiled excuse for actual level design. I mean you have the base rooms and how they are connected to each other will vary each time you play. I was once found in a dead end only to find out that the dead end was actually an elevator. It can get a little confusing and overwhelming at first, but if you play enough, everything will be familiar. Just don't let the mixed combinations of rooms and corridors stump you. This is where the level design gets you. You are familiar with one room that usually has an exit and you play again and that same room doesnt have that exit. BAM, dead end. Also, If you die in, say Episode 1, Map 2, You may have to start from E1M1. There is no quicksave, you have to beat the game in one run. Challenging? Sure. Fun? That's debateable.Graphics and Sound is outstanding! It cannot get any better than this for the time being. Marvelous lighting and so much detail! Im actually surprised I could run this on my Win95 computer, but with an install size of about 2 Gigabytes [yes GIGA, not mega], it really eats up on Hard disk space. the graphics had to come from somewhere. Sure the graphics and sounds are a little spotty at times, but Pixel Titans were very amitious with their title, and in that department, it has worked for the better.Overall, the game was a tad underwhelming. The teasers that I saw at E3 1995 had this awesome game with head exploding action and tight graphics. [They were tight though]. The action was disappointing because the guns don't feel like they kill. So what if I dismember a guy and blood spills all over the place. He aint dead 'til he's dead. [Don't get me wrong. I LOVE the blood and meat chunks]. If I want to play longer and longer, GIVE ME MORE ITEMS THAT ARE ON THE FLOOR!!! This ensures that I can keep on killing nonstop without being extra careful and conservative 95% of the time instead of when it is a despirate occasion. [Such as low HP and ammo near the end of the game, not the beginning!]There is no multiplayer, so I cannot say much about that.However, this game hase one redeeming quality. Pixel Titans has the heart and audacity to use modern day technologies to update the game through the internet! They can alleviate these problems through some hotfixes and STRAFE V2 will be ready before we know it! However, judging the sheer size of the game, updates will take a while, even with the fastest 56Kbps modems. But with super realistic graphics like this, it will be worth it. So for the time being, we can only wait for the release of iD Software's Quake, about a month away. Hopefully that will stand the test of time a little bit better than STRAFE."
76561198045071308,Recommended,442780,31659103,Posted: 9 May,all,Synthreat,"Absolutely awesome.  I was already excited about the procedurally-generated levels and the gory Quake vibe.  What really reels me in is the gameplay tweaked to just the right balance of difficulty to hook you in to that ""just one more game"" state of mind,  Highly recommended,"
76561198070176969,Recommended,442780,31707723,Posted: 12 May,all,nik.green,"Maybe Strafe is not your potential ame for 100% completion, but it definitely earns its place to kill a number of evenings after hard day at work. Mixed gameplay experience due to precedurally generated levels is balanced by gory action that does not require lots of skill to be funny. Don't take this game seriously (as its marketing campaing suggests) and fun is guaranteed. I'm tempted to get back to it and spill another hundred gallons of blood even thoug I know i won't complete it."
76561198049290709,Recommended,442780,31709249,Posted: 12 May,all,Oli,"I have no idea why people are hating on the game, its so ♥♥♥♥ing fun!"
76561198178178467,Not Recommended,442780,31699848,Posted: 12 May,all,Ellder_sage,Terrible optimization.My PC can run any new game at max without issue but this stutters regularly corridor's dissapear I fell through the map.Game has no save and quit so unless you are going to sit down for 2+ hours to beat it in one sitting you will never beat it.
,Recommended,442780,32736841,Posted: 24 June,all,BABOONGA,"I don't understand a lot of recent mixed reviews (though I do understand the ones from the game's launch). This game is super fun. It's a lot of jumping, strafing, and shooting. Finding secrets in the game is pretty hard without looking up anything so they are pretty secret. If you don't like the main 3 weapons (Assault rifle, Shotgun, Railgun) then you might not like the game as much. Weapons you pick up are one time use but usually strong. The main weapons can be upgraded/changed."
76561198118275408,Recommended,442780,31691659,Posted: 11 May,all,Bonglord666,"Run fast, shoot everything, don't die. GOTY."
76561198072191023,Not Recommended,442780,31656166,Posted: 9 May,all,LΣΣ⌠Φ¥ ⌡£∩K▌ⁿs,"I feel really sad writing this negative review. I've been waiting for STRAFE for quite a while, now, and in the last couple of weeks my hype for the game grew and grew (don't get me wrong, I didn't build the game up in my mind to the point of expecting Half Life 3 or some other metaphor for expecting too much), so it really pains me to assess the time I spent playing STRAFE and decide I found it... boring. The first part of the game is pretty much nothing but kiting around trash mobs (by trash mob I mean a big cluster of multiple, easy to beat enemies, not a single ""trash"" enemy on its own. Mob like pitchfork/torch, not mob as in enemy type.) I was trying to add on to that sentence, i.e. ""...trash mobs and [another common activity done in the early stages of the game]"", but couldn't think of anything else that I did BUT kite trash mobs. I'll be perfectly honest, I didn't play much into the later levels, (because the game is too difficult, in the bad way) so it might drastically change later on and actually become fun, but I saw no sign of that. As I said in the last sentence, the game is too difficult, but it's not a Super-Meat-Boy-esque ""This is really hard, but I know the only thing that's making me lose is my own lack of skill, and when I eventually triumph I'm washed with joy because I knowIwon, because of my own skill, rather than a roll of the dice and a quick prayer to RNGesus"", rather the game just throws a bunch of enemies popping out of unknown nooks and crannies to get cheap hits on you when you weren't looking, and occasionally a trash melee mob + a couple of projectile-firing enemies in the back, meaning it's almost impossible to jump out of the way of a bullet and into the mob, and vice-versa. Health and shields are VERY sparse, while depleting pretty quickly when taking damage. For example, the only place you can get health (that I saw) was little ""food"" boxes on the walls, one per level. Each one has anywhere between one and 4-ish food cannisters, each healing 10 health. The thing in that last sentence that makes it so stupid is ""anywhere between one and 4-ish"". It's RNG. If each one reliable gave you like 30-40 health (or even if it always was 10), that'd be alright, because it'd be dependable, and you'd know it was a conscious design choice made by the devs in the sake of balance or something, but to oftentimes only get 10 health back per level, while taking much more in health+shields, feels pretty unfair, because you know that you're screwed for no other reason than not being lucky. Similarly, the only way to get shields back (that I saw) is through little... robo-shops, I guess, where you exchange scrap (chunks of spiky grey stuff that's sometimes dropped by enemies, and blends in really well with other parts of the level at times) for ammo or shields. You basically get 20 shield points back for the first level of shield repair you can buy, and I don't know how much for the bigger thing because it's too expensive. (btw, shields are the same as health that I can tell, so it's not like it absorbs more damage than regular health).The ProcGen is... meh. I normally LOVE rogue-likes, and the thought of a good procgen system always puts a smile on my face. STRAFE does the Binding of Isaac method, where each level's layout is random, but the rooms themselves are pre-designed by the devs. I personally got lost multiple times (because the textures are all so bland and similar, and the map is one of the worst I have ever seen. It's a god-awful mess that makes orientating yourself and figuring out where to go almost harder than if you hadn't tried to use it at all), but I didn't put enough time in to feel confident making a good judgement either way on the game's procgen.It really pains me to rate STRAFE down, and maybe I'll get the game again if I see it on sale at a later date, but as it is now, at full price, I wouldn't recommend it. Sure, it might get better mid/late-game, but I don't see the point in putting myself through more of it to find out, because it's just... not fun.The game's difficulty leans a too much towards the rng side (I know any rogue-like/game with procgen is going to have RNG involved, but there are ways to balance it out and make success/failure more dependent of the player's actual skill level), the graphics suck (not talking about the attempt at a retro art-style, I just mean how bland most of the textures look, and how chaotic it can get when fighting big hordes with all the gibs and acid and enemies until you kind of lose focus on the game and it becomes hard to tell what's actually going on, and to dodge enemies), the music is alright to mediocre, I'm sure there are some sweet tracks later on, but again, I can't be bothered to make it there, and the music I did hear, while not being bad, wasn't really great either. It's an alright game, and I WOULD buy it if it were like half off or more, but as it is it's kind of a mess.Sorry Fork Parker, (CEO of Devolver Digital, for those who don't know) I'm afraid I'm going to refund, despite the fact that it might contribute to endangering your ability to bathe in hot-tubs filled with champagne and models.To the dev's credit, the VV-1N fulfilled the predictions of STRAFE's supporters pre-release (including myself) who expected it to be a gag weapon meant to mock pre-order bonuses (When you use it, the screen goes white and unskippable credits play), so... ok I guess."
76561198232167084,Not Recommended,442780,31657021,Posted: 9 May,all,hot dogs and meat burgers,"As you may see I didn't go too much into this game, but god the bit of gameplay I did wasn't good.First of all, the price doesn't fit the gameplay.The A.I. are terrible, merely walking in a straight line towards you, you can walk backward and never get hit (beside the ranged enemies, not as common as running enemies). This is no binding of isaac with a small room to move in, this gives several large rooms to move around and out of. If you didn't notice, the price tag is ""$19.96"" or 1996, yet I'm convinced this price is only this way because OF the 1996 refrence. Which, although clever, is no good price. I'd place 10, maybe 15 dollars on it, but if you want the refrence so bad give it a ""$9.96"" instead.Now, I pre-ordered this game.Why? Well it looked cool when I first saw it, something I can enjoy. ""20 bucks? Well, ok..."" and so I regret it, even pre-ordering was a bad idea. It promised a gun exclusive to those who pre-ordered the game. This gun is silly. It doesn't provide anything for your advantage in gameplay.What does it do?IT SKIPS ALL OF THE GAME, AND GIVES YOU THE WINNING ACHIEVEMENT. This really annoyed me, and you don't need to spoil it to know ""it doesnt provide anything for your advantage in gameplay"" would make me angry for jumping to buy this game.So no, I do not recommend this game for those three things, but if I gave it time I'd probably find more to hate on then enjoy."
76561198028920002,Recommended,442780,32688276,Posted: 23 June,all,xX_BEAST PUSSY MASTER 666_Xx,:}
,Not Recommended,442780,31651955,Posted: 9 May,all,Kung Fu Sandwich,I'd been looking forward to Strafe for a while because i LOVE old school FPS games like Doom and Quake but unfortunately it's suffered from an abysmal launch. It runs horribly for a game which looks like it came out in 1996 and this is on my PC which is able to run games like Dark Souls 3 and Metal Gear Solid 5 on high settings. There's also a bug which makes my whole screen glitch and freak out when i fire the assault rifle which makes the game unplayable.I've been burned by bad launches too many times so i decided to get a refund while i was still able to.Very disappointed.
,Recommended,442780,31653323,Posted: 9 May,all,Jantje Smit,"I didn't know I wanted this game when I got it...But I do. Easily one of the coolest rogue like shooters. The brutal gore, the fast and furious gameplay. I love it. Everything about it just screams 90s and bad♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,442780,31654097,Posted: 9 May,all,Sir Spooksalot,"I really don't get the negative reviews here.First of all: this game has a bunnyhop mechanic. When you STRAFE and bunnyhop, you get massive speed. This gives you more room to be more ballsy and enemies have a much harder time to hit you.This game also increased my aim to be more spot on when moving fast/turning. It is hard, yeah but thats kinda the point.I see a nice future for this game and I hope the devs won't abandon it. I waited since 2016 for this game to come out, and for me its really worth it.Pros:-Bunnyhopping is back baby!-Weapon upgrades are really neat-Nice Asthetic-Fighting hordes of enemies with grenades is really satisfying to see-Really addicting once you know how to zoom through the stages (and even obtain the spike shoes which you can stomp enemies with)Cons:-Steep difficulty curve-This game does NOT hold your hand-Scrap is a bit too rare for my taste-Credit Shops should be aviable on every floor, not every second.-Crashes can happen-Most weapons that are found are a little bit useless. The most helpful ones are the grenade and rocketlauncher. Everything else is just there if you get out of ammo on your primary."
,Not Recommended,442780,31655023,Posted: 9 May,all,Ariamaki,"Significantly disappointed: The game doesn't really deliver, either on the gameplay showed off in the trailers and even described in the title. It doesn't even deliver in terms of being an action roguelike, since the controls and environments are as player-hostile as can be without actually offering a method to deal with it in return. The thing, is thebaseof it all is good, and I am sure that with some work the game has the potential to be better. But right now, on launch day? The gameplay is stilted and boring, and despite a significant mandatory tutorial a lot of the most important (and badly designed) details (starting gun selection, gun pickups only having one clip) are not explained at all.I am holding out hope for the game to improve over the next few weeks or months, but right now it's not good enough to justify the joke-based price."
,Not Recommended,442780,31656842,Posted: 9 May,all,Lel,-FPS drop during level switch-i got crash at devolver logo splash screen-gameplay actually holding s and left click. looks really different compared to trailer-procedurally generated map in this game is confusing like it's messing up
,Recommended,442780,31653521,Posted: 9 May,all,saltmummy626,"It's a competent FPS game. Jump into the game quick, jump out when you gotta go do something else, jump back in again. Quick to restart when you die as well. The game runs very smoothly, as it should, with the only lag occuring between levels when the game has to generate the next one. Gameplay is simple and fast, as it should be. The ""feel"" of the weapons is mostly in watching the damage they do, and not really in how they sound. Permanent progression is unlocked via multiple runs, or so I've deduced, by collecting the peices of the mid level teleporters. At least that's what it seems anyway. The environments and enemy designs are simplistic, relying on the games speed and fluidity to carry gameplay rather than stunning visuals. As I said, it's a competent FPS, great for wasting a lazy afternoon/midnight.Sure are a lot of whiny♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in the community hub though. There was a ton of naysaying in there before the game was even released. A lot ""this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥"" before they had even played it. Now that the game is released, they are all making half baked (about as half baked as mine) reviews and redoubling their impotent screeching.Joby is life."
,Recommended,442780,32789832,Posted: 25 June,all,These wings are fucking amazing,"I remember the first trailer for this game, and some of the alpha gameplay being enough to get me excited to get it.A couple of years later if finally came out after alot of delays, now that i got and played it for a extensive amount of time.I LOVED IT SO MUCH, despite sitting for an entire morning to update windows so the game would run above 60 fps more consistenly when action got going, it's been a while since a game gave me a challenge, the speeds are amazing, the soundtrack backing the game is addictive to listen to, the movement feels precise, gunplay is good despite not being oldschool with the reloads it wasn't much of a problem since they are so short, upgrades are fun except for a few duds, the zones are diferent with changing styles so it doesn't get too samey, the secrets are a laugh to go through (except for the jumpmap, but loved the oldschool jumping mechanics and movement), the muderzone is a really fun passtime when bored with the short 20 mins to 1 hr main game.Although there are a few problem, the enemies, despite with each zone having new and diferent badies to slaughter through, most of them follow the same combat style, run up to you and hit you with a really imprecise meele range, meaning sometimes they hit you really far, sometimes not, also Stalkers are BS with their really rapid fire with their projectile guns, and didn't you guys say in one of the alpha gameplay that the game would not have hitscanning enemies? so whats the deal with the Hostess, sure she has a laser and a windup time to shoot so you can react, but why?Some also complained that the changing levels are not something oldschool and detracts from the game, for me that was the whole reason as to why i wanted this game so badly. And about them, they change allright with pre-set rooms so it avoids bugs and gives some familiarity for further playthroghts (although some bugs are present and you can get stuck, once stuck, your run ends there), but the main problem i have is that sometimes it is still hard to find my way through some levels, i mastered Icarus, but Black Canyon's first level is the longest one to go through with the wierd geometry and multiple paths that can lead nowhere, the Burbs suffers the same with it's first level really long with alot of exploration that can lead nowhere but with some crates to open there, Athena is the only exception since it is pretty straigh forward and being one of my least liked zones.Also one of the biggest downsides to the game and also its strengh is the gunplay, it's fun and satisfying along with the perks you get along the way to the boss, and the gore is lovely, when a harvester blows up into showers of blood that you can see the shadows of the blood drops surely never gets old to do. And for the weapons in the game there are 3, Shotgun for close range, Machine gun for medium, and Railgun for ""long"".First problem Shotgun and Machinegun are fine by me, but the poor Railgun has inacuracy, so it doesn't work at long range it is most effective at medium range, so whats the point? machinegun does that way better. The Railgun upgrades are nothing that i can remember, the only one i can mention is the disk launcher since it does alot of damage, but i only got that from the ground since i still have to find a disk launcher upgrade machine while playing with the rail.Second problem i have is the secondary fire inconsistency, i still can't tell where my grenades come from my gun, i can be above the enemy in front of me, it still hits him despite being way higher than where my grenade came out, could be me but i have been hit by that alot.Third problem i have is why the Shotgun only shoots faster when i hold down m1 instead of letting me spam my left click to get the right moment to shoot again.But to end on a positive note it's good to see the devs still work on this game post launch (i'm pretty sure this game is the first to come out on devolver digital's earliest access) but it sees frequent patches and some lovely devs, and is one of my favorite games to spend 20 to 30 minutes to rush through the entire game to see how fast i can do it, and every time i play it, it is pure joy."
,Recommended,442780,31653512,Posted: 9 May,all,0li0li,"Good but still needs some tweaking. So little shield/hp drops that - like others have pointed out - it forces you to use cover and bait enemies around corners. Easily fixed I'm sure. In fact, running and strafe jumping does work well too! Devs better get to it quickly, because that mixed rating won't help them push this very promising game.Hoping for a quick patch, still very interested in sinking more time into it."
76561197978846295,Not Recommended,442780,31654196,Posted: 9 May,all,BoxHands,Unfortunatly this is nither a good rouge like or classic shooter.I also have had frame rate stability problems that make the game no fun to play.Rig -GTX 980 Ti 6GB16GB Rami7-4790kWindows 7 64 bit
76561198069083342,Recommended,442780,31654443,Posted: 9 May,all,Gort,"Not as hype as the trailers would have you believe, but still good and in need of a few adjustments.It's a shooter. You run and gun through 4 levels with changing layouts, but the same overall design with the same monsters.It's also a rogue-like where wheather you win or loose often is based on what powerups you are blessed with.Did I mention the bugs? It has those but I don't know if it's worth mentioning since they are the easy kind to fix. Framerate drops, pickups spawning in unreachable/hazardous places, getting stuck on props; that sort of stuff.The shooting is good, the roguelike stuff is what it is. Sometimes it's fine, sometimes it's not.A lot of people have said the the rarity of health pickups make you play so safely that the game becomes slow. It takes some getting used to, but you can usually get enough shields to protect yourself. Avoiding damage is usually easy.I don't take too much issue with the silent monsters who sneak up on you, or the weak sounding guns. The sidegrades to the weapons are usually not worth it. A lot of monsters also like to bleed acid. Lots of it. You can avoid this with surgical shooting.It's good. But if you don't like roguelikes or fast DOOM-like shooters then your're not going to have a good time."
76561198119779436,Recommended,442780,32010186,Posted: 27 May,all,The Boogey Man,its fun
,Recommended,442780,31658564,Posted: 9 May,all,Ghost_Train,"Strafe goes beyond my expectations from the early alpha demo and trailers.  Some people are complaining about the difficulty (they need to git gud). I was not a Kickstarter backer (I wish I would have) but I've been following the progress since the beginning and am not dissappointed in the slightest. It is everything I expected it to be and more with the exception of bugs that are actively being worked out like any new game.Yes it's as difficult, but not NES difficult.  It's 1996 difficult but better....nevermind, it's pretty hard, but thankfully it relies your skills.  I find myself progressively getting further each try.  Difficulty settings would be nice though to appease the lazy player in me even if it just mean more health and ammo.As an oldschool gamer who loves fps and roguelike games, this is awesome.The graphics are very appealing to me.  I also found it hilarious the video option ""Make Strafe worse"", which basically makes it all pixely for a more oldschool DOS-ish look.While there are only 3 weapons to choose from at the beginning (4 if you got pre order...4th being a troll joke on the player) you do get to pick up other various disposable weapons throughout each level which add to the fun.  I really dig that you don't just drop it when it runs out of ammo, each one is used for a unique last hit.All the controls and gameplay are spot on.  I found myself right at home playing this.The music is top notch and perfectly fitting.  I want the OST!Also there is the MurderZone (survival mode) which is less randomly generated than the main mode, but offers perks and unlocks as  you spill more enemies' blood.  Its much fun.Definitely recommend it."
76561198004229070,Recommended,442780,33204651,Posted: 3 July,all,Biscuits,"Edited this as I felt it was a little too negative, also gave it the tumbs up.The music gripe I had seems to have been fixed- I can run it with music off now. Phew.Just wish there was the ability to save progress. Getting a little tired of playing the same level over and over.....""Just finished Duke Nukem for the 4th time in 20 years and wanted to play another low fi shooter- remembered the Strafe hype and downloaded. First thing I noticed was how terrible the music was but thought that's ok, I can turn it off and have my own running in the BG but NO! you can't- its either all sound off or rubbish Euro ultra-camp high engery disco music 'written' by someone who hates music and probably hates video games- The option to switch off music is there but it doesn't work.Basically I want to like this game and was in the mood for the game they claimed this would be but it seems poorly executed and lacks the humor of their marketing. Was hoping for a 90s style grotty grunge-fest but feels more like effing Minecraft but with really really bad music written by someone that hates music."""
,Recommended,442780,32081892,Posted: 31 May,all,Rictus,"Sure the trailer/teaser may seem misleading, but that depends on your standpoint. To me, its a modern homage to the 90's style shooter - with modern being the keyword.If it wasnt procedural, rogue-like and punishing, it wouldnt feel modern & lets face it the game wouldnt stand out at all. It would simply be another clone of an already flooded genre.This to me plays well, has improved greatly since release and certainly fills a hole in the market for this rogue-like fps genre.I dunno about you guys, but I appreciate it when the small team of devs listen to the community closely and shape their product accordingly."
,Recommended,442780,33296332,Posted: 5 July,all,Darkheart,The shooting is really fun even though the sloth guys are cute and the secrets blew my mind!
,Not Recommended,442780,31654227,Posted: 9 May,all,PootularMayonnaise,"I'm sorry, but STRAFE doens't meet my expectations at all. The machine gun, for instance, is partly weak to use against enemies, and the rogue-like elements don't suit me whatsoever.In the end, I will just look forward to DUSK, a more proper 90s-styled FPS with actual difficulty settings and whatnot."
76561198081477001,Recommended,442780,31661977,Posted: 10 May,all,Aναβασις,"Strafe is exactly what it claims to be, so try it by all means. As a shooter it's absolutely great - the feeling of action is tremendously satisfying.The tactic of the player revolves around herding enemies Serious Sam style. And just like in Serious Sam the AI is basically non-existent: the enemies will just follow you around, knowing where you are at all times after they notice you - I wouldn't consider this a problem.Strafe has very good camera and weapon feedback: shots and especially movement appear to be very fluid.Minor issues:1. Shotgun feels underpowered - the projectiles are too concentrated around the crosshair and loose impact force too soon. If you have to aim so precisely with a shotgun, why not use railgun instead?2. Alternative fire feedback feels weak: jumping and running in the midst of battle, I wasn't always sure if I launched a grenade out of my machinegun or not - the camera didn't shake too hard to feel it - as well as hands. Same with the shotgun. The railgun, apparently, was deliberately made to not shake when shooting alternative fire, but considering that it shakes when using regular fire, it feels a bit inconsistent.3. Enemy hitboxed are inaccurate. Trying to shoot or throw a barrel at a sniper or a turret behind a group of other enemies is possible only when jumping - otherwise you will definitely hit the first line of enemies. Pretty inconvenient.4. Lack of sound feedback. Sometimes a single enemy comes around, and you know that he's around only when he hits you on the head with a wrench, no footsteps, no growling.Overall - a very well designed shooter. Thank you, Pixel Titans!PSAs I can see, many reviewers complain about the necessity of armor\health preservation due to the medkits\armor being too expensive or rare as well as having only one life. Ergo, the player is encouraged to play in a 'cowardly' fashion, falling back and killing enemies as they follow you. Well, these complaints are entirely true. The game does become much easier if you are cautious.But then - where's the fun in that? I remember Bulletstorm recieving bad reviews because it was 'boring'. Well, if you try to play beautifully, it surely isn't. Same here. The ultimate goal is not to get to the end of the game, but to get there in style, hopping over enemies and wreaking havok with ease.Strafe needs a specific mindset to be approached with - and that is a careless mindset. You make it as far as possible with as much fun as possible (until you gitgud and beat it). If you are not prone to being in such carefree state of mind, I believe, it's not your type of game.Basically think Bulletstorm meets Devil Daggers."
,Recommended,442780,32047186,Posted: 29 May,all,Stantro,"""Best game and soundtrack of 1996 and at least a decade afterwards""in all seriousness, though the game is lacking at this moment, I beleive tha tthe game holds promise in future updates.PROS:- Play how you want to play: fast, slow, risky, safe, etc.- I love Bhoping like mad from room to room.- has a nice arcade feel to it.- amazing _______*- nice vartaion of weapons, besides pickups that are literally just certain weapon upgrades with a different models.- Roguelite (if you enjoy such things, as do I)- Literally Rob every store-Old Fashioned horde-like AI- If you like 3-stage Final Boss battles, you'll enjoy this- Gluttons look more like sloths in-gameCONS:-Bit Glitchy at the moment-Roguelite (if you dont enjoy randomly-generated death dungeons and go for a game where each level has been created by hand and thus can have arguably more detail, I.e. Doom, Shadow Warrior, etc.)-Old fashioned ai may become prediactable and/or seem inadequate (but I'm sure that is just for the retro feel)-Final Boss is a bit underwhelming in my opinion, but that may be due to how my run went when I fought it.- Certain required pickups (keycards, heads for scanners, etc) may be hidden inside of bodies and there is no way of knowing where it is unless you walk over every single body to check (I had this happen to me)*Secrets"
,Recommended,442780,31702110,Posted: 12 May,all,Samurai Jack TH,"A throwback done right with a mix of modern roguelike genre.. im inspired by the premise of having a great emphasis on fast-paced run and gun gameplay, as well as a simplistic storytelling that sets in a single setting/location of Icarus, reminiscing the 1970s space horror film like alien or 1990s fps games overall."
76561198168869320,Recommended,442780,31686648,Posted: 11 May,all,A Very Sneaky Winter Bear,dope
,Not Recommended,442780,31657662,Posted: 9 May,all,Ryan Maxwell Duncan,It lacks the punch of the old days. The guns don't feel weighty enough. It's NOT worth $20. It's worth $10 maybe.
,Recommended,442780,34154566,Posted: 10 August,all,Wanderer,A good little timesink
,Recommended,442780,33010954,Posted: 29 June,all,no im jory,21 years later and strafe still kicks♥♥♥♥♥like it did in 96
76561198063118661,Recommended,442780,31651052,Posted: 9 May,all,Inferno_Shogun,"This game can be enjoyable, it is not exactly like the games in the past it tries to be, it is more of a dungeon crawler to see how far you can go before dying. items and such are scarce so it mostly deals with how skilled you can become with each run.You can get other guns through the levels, but no ammo for them, only the gu you start off with.It is challanging, it can be a pain at times, but it is a learning experince to see how better you can become from starting off till you beat it."
,Recommended,442780,31651224,Posted: 9 May,all,SickLilSlug,"Enjoyed what I played of it so far, however I found myself using 1 weapon(the weapon you choose to bring) the entire time, yeah you get weapon pickups but they are short on ammo supply and no way to refill them and dont feel rewarding enough using them to be on such a short supply when you base weapon can be upgraded at stations to become a unstoppable killing machine. I got through the first stage on my first play through and it was overall okay as far as difficulty goes, just disappointing that its due to level design alone and not enemies, however on the secound stage there was a big troll like guy that was pretty tough to kill so hopefully more challenging foes await as you progress. I already feel like this game is going to get repetitive and boring rather quickly due to the weapon situation aswell. They did state that they plan on working on the game after launch so hopefully that is one thing that may change in the furture. If you like roguelike games and oldschool fps games like doom then this game is right up you lane. I give it a 7/10 for now, hoping that it changes for the better in the future. (co-op would be amazing in this game btw just saying)"
,Not Recommended,442780,31655172,Posted: 9 May,all,Chucksteak,"The game claims to be a ""rogue-like"" fps with ""face melting speed"". However HP/Armor and Ammo is VERY limited in this game so you can't play fast you have to be very carful and slow in order to really make it through the stages. The game also says 20+ enemies, this may be true, i may be unlucky but im only seeing about 5 different enemies at most :/ Not a horrible game but is advertised as a 90's fps but it just really isn't. its really just a rogue shooter, survive at all costs, don't get too careless, not your real 90's fast paced shooters such as DOOM, Quake, Duke Nukem, Blood etc"
76561198008669019,Not Recommended,442780,31672130,Posted: 10 May,all,pesymistik,tbh... just buy devil daggers ;)
,Not Recommended,442780,31718291,Posted: 13 May,all,Ｎｅｏｎ　Ｇｕｙ孤独な戦士,"First off this is a mixed review ,When i First saw it on kickstarter it really looked facinating  and promissing and when the trailer dropped it looked amazing and i got as soon as i got money for it.Firstly i believe the game is fast-paced, but due to the perma-death , results in more slower and more cautious pacing.Replenishing shields costs scrap metal which drops randomly off of enemies, and it’s extremely expensive to buy your shields  and ammo with the scraps, but I only ran out of ammo rarely. The scraps can also be used to exchange for a different currency which allows you to buy items from the store.The so called ""Food Station"" that gives you HP  is also uncommon and due to this i would die really early , but welll i bought the game yester day only and reached only the last level of icarus so i shouldn't be complaining YET.I expected to play this game aggressively and not slow passed in a passive manner like pace.The Starter Weapon is the only reliable thing you will be using as the so called special wepaons have extremely low ammo and you can't even buy ammo for it which is a major bummer and keep in mind  , the  whole thing has to be done in a single run , but there are teleporters which help pot but if there were savepoints it would be much better.now about the secondary attack on your starter rifle which is rather effective but if you're in the radius of it causes yourself damage.I have a decent rig and still get fps drops in game like seriuosly? even during the trasition from one level to another.I wouldn't Recommend this game right now as there are alot of flaws in the game as  of now but i think it might be fixed in the near future."
,Not Recommended,442780,31651798,Posted: 9 May,all,ahimas,It's not fast oldschool shooter. It's a dump boring roguelike game.
,Not Recommended,442780,31652691,Posted: 9 May,all,MIDNIGHT ANIMAL,Got it because it looked like a game I'd really enjoy.Started playing it.Should have read the reviews because they're spot on.
,Not Recommended,442780,31652822,Posted: 9 May,all,MrNagasaki,"Not the oldschool 90s shooter it's promoted as. Actually, another ""roguelite"" shooter with bad procedurally generated levels and terrible weapons. You'll be tired of the same badly designed enemies after 10 minutes. The enemies basically have no AI and the difficulty is frustrating. The persistent gore/blood is cool, but even that is unsatisfying when the weapons feel terribly weak. Even worse: You have to choose one weapon (shotgun, machine gun, rail gun)  in the beginning. You can find other weapons, but once they're empty, you have to throw them away. The only persistent weapon is the one you chose. If you're looking for a cool retro shooter, don't buy this. If you're into ""roguelite"" shooters, you might enjoy this."
76561197963362078,Recommended,442780,31666284,Posted: 10 May,all,Cypher,"As a longtime fan of the Quake series and all things roguelike, I am pleased with my purchase.In feel the game is most like Quake 2 in my opinion but it borrows memories from many games.The first time you pick up a Needler or Magnum from Halo, or the DOOM Plasma Gun, or get the HL2 style Laser Guided RPG upgrade for your Machinegun, wow! Even new additions like the reflecting Railgun upgrade are so sweet.I feel like they pulled in all kinds of my favorite FPS memories and squeezed as much as possible into this tiny roguelike package.Enemies back then were not very clever and they aren't in STRAFE either. Some elements clearly deviate from some nostalgic fps', in particular your limited choice of weaponry, addition of secondary fire, and reloading. You pick one of three primary weapons, which also has a secondary fire mode, then you will find other weapons during play. Pickup weapons are much more powerful but usually only have about 10 shots, so they function more like a temporary powerup when you decide to whip them out. You will find pickup versions of the 2 primary weapons you didn't choose and you can hold one of each of the pickup weapons (I guess I've had maybe 7 on me at once). They cannot be reloaded, you have to find a new one after you use it. The primary weapon reloading mechanic is definitely something of a more tactical feel and you will have to master it to survive. I think this only increases the skill ceiling for the game and is a good mechanic for replayability.You will spend a fair amount of time traversing the first 3 levels (Icarus section). The enemies and rooms here are very basic and don't fully show off the games content. More dangerous enemies will be introduced in the next section, Black Canyon. Enjoy your time in Icarus while it lasts, the Harvesters are coming.Ultimately I think the game should be measured by one of it's achievements, Speed Runner. To get Speed Runner to have to complete all 12 levels within 40 minutes. That's a pretty insane run for the average player but it sets the tone for the games design intention. YOU need to play it fast once you learn all the weapons and enemies. Take your time the first playthroughs though in the beginning.Get your teleporters built so you can practice each section equally (and also so you don't get burnt out on playing Icarus).Compared to similar FPS Roguelikes that I play (Ziggurat and Tower of Guns are both really good) I feel like this is now my main FPS Roguelike. Those are great games and I feel it's an amazing accomplishment that STRAFE competes  or overtakes them as top FPS Roguelike.(Technically roguelite for the people who like to argue about that kind of thing.)"
76561198397505587,Recommended,442780,34373432,Posted: 20 August,all,WalryTheWalrus,A very fun game to play i highly recomend buying this game.
,Recommended,442780,31726041,Posted: 13 May,all,Dagg,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ the bunny hopping is real
,Recommended,442780,32878183,Posted: 27 June,all,S'AraisVanu,TOO INTENSE FOR CASUALS
,Recommended,442780,32366970,Posted: 12 June,all,PABastien,"A lot of people on here have weird obsessions with what they they think developers should do with their games. They believe that games are made to only pleasure people and their specific wants. Games should be taken as they are and Strafe is well worth your time if you approach it on its terms and not complain that it didn't give you exactly what you want.Is Strafe Perfect? No. Its Rogue Like structure is at times antithetical to pick up and play shooters it modelled its mechanics on. But the mechanics themselves is solid. But what you do get is a strong shooter with fairly variable level set ups that allow for a wide variety of Maneuverability. It's arena mode is a great way to pick up and improve skill you can take to the campaign.Sometimes the value in a game is not the constant dopamine rush of blasting through levels, its about learning how to think while moving, about learning how to react with the resources you have.Also use the railgun plasma thingy if you're not great with the other main guns"
,Not Recommended,442780,31680223,Posted: 11 May,all,Tony Bamanaboni,"This is a game that I feel has potential but is let down by some of the enemies, weapon designs and sounds of the game.I did enjoy what little time I've played of this game but I really feel like this is the type of game that you'd play in short bursts rather than playing it for hours on end.The sounds of the guns really are very disappointing as they sound less impactful when you shoot up hordes of enemies, and speaking of enemies, the enemies you incounter first just charge straight at you instead of trying to box you in or dodging your attacks. Sad part is, even some of the more ""tougher"" enemies still charge for you head on instead of dodging your gun fire.I do have to admit that blowing them up into tiny pieces is fun, but the game does feel little empty at times and the rough-like aspect of the game might turn some people off.I like this game, but not enough to recommend it."
,Recommended,442780,31695719,Posted: 11 May,all,Enclave,"Even after around 8 hours of game time I am still undecided on STRAFE. On one hand I enjoy the combat, movement and general gameplay loop, yet aesthetically it is a jumbled collation of disparate themes that jar quite badly.None of the creature designs share anything in common save for being annoyingly quiet when sneaking up on you. What makes this harder to stomach is that the overall science fiction motif is not reflected in the enemy design. The humanoid models in later levels in particular are just atrocious to look at and this is coming from someone who adores the low poly aesthetic of early 3D titles.Though aiming for a 1996 vibe, even Quake with its tacked on story 10 minutes before release had more cohesion in enemy design. The levels on Icarus station while bland are actually more enjoyable as they fit well with the theme. The later missions, the suburbs in particular feel extremely out of place and resemble a mod more than a released game.The total lack of a save system means you had better have at least an hour to romp through the campaign. A save and exit would have been nice for those of us who can’t dedicate a solid hour at a time.In terms of weapons I actually like the idea of being forced to use one gun as it really alters the strategies you can use on each run. The ability to pick up and discard weapons during the campaign mixes up the potential monotony and throwing barrels at enemies really never gets old.I was quite excited for this release and though I am disappointed I am still really enjoying the game. The sense one gets after death of “just ONE more run” keeps me coming back and the soundtrack is sublime. So much so I purchased it on Bandcamp.Strangely I found myself enjoying the Murder Zone wave based missions more so than the campaign and could recommend the game based purely on this feature. It is a lot of fun.Overall I think the dev’s did a great job on their first game and I congratulate them on going it alone with such a small team. It is a testament to their talent they managed to get a full release done. With some additional content and a few patches this would go from, old school players only to a more general audience appeal.I like it, maybe you will too…"
,Recommended,442780,34669442,Posted: 1 September,all,ブラアアアアー,This game is pure gold.One of the fun things about this game is that it won't hold your hand. So be prepared to have your♥♥♥♥♥handled to you until you get the hang of it.
76561198260910714,Recommended,442780,31691822,Posted: 11 May,all,Dirt,"The game is a bit too hard on my crappy commputer, but it was still was fun, and it has a lt of potential. I'd say give it a shot"
76561198069606047,Recommended,442780,35435790,Posted: 2 October,all,SpazzyMcGee,"MILLENIUM EDITION! Ah, now that's more like it! First of all... I got STRAFE the day it came released. A friend of mine created this game, so I was pumped to play it and write an awesome review. I died immediately. I tried agan, and I died. It was unrelentingly difficult. I couldn't bring myself to write a bad review because I don't want to disparage my friend's year(s) of work. Millenium Edition gives me confidence to write a great recommendation for anyone who is looking for old school FPS vibes. Still unrelenting in EZ Discovery Zone mode, but less so. Freaking Awesome game."
,Not Recommended,442780,31692187,Posted: 11 May,all,Buttface Jones,"The game is so poorly executed. Other than show-stopping glitches (which may or may not be patched by now), all the ""roguelike"" elements make the game not fun at all. You can never tell where scrap is. The machines are unintuitive and the upgrades are obnoxiously unclear in what they do.The movement feels great. The shooting feels great. The idea is great. The game just gets in its own way and is not fun."
,Recommended,442780,34402423,Posted: 21 August,all,NickTheNESHero,"TL;DR: Strafe is a marvelous, if pricey, rogue-lite shooter that wonderfully captures the feel of old-school shooters, but a few gameplay decisions made in service of that retro feel keep it from truly shining.Best Described As: Receiver by way of Brutal DoomStrafe is a rogue-lite shooter developed by Pixel Titans. In the game, you fight your way through procedurally-generated levels and are beset by various monsters. On that front, there are a good variety of monsters to fight, each with unique attributes. The weapons are weighty and kick well, and the movement is spot-on for the kind of gameplay the game is designed for. Things like circle strafing, running trains, and shooting in mid-air all feel wonderful to control. I do have a small issue with a mechanic the developers did not include: quick melee. I understand that the game is supposed to be played in a specific way, and melees were not part of Doom or Quake, but I have found it very easy to be cornered and swarmed by enemies, especially in the bonus horde mode. I think a Left 4 Dead-style melee that knocks back enemies but doesn't really do damage would be ideal; it would be easier, and cooler, I think, to use a melee to shoulder past one or two enemies in a narrow hall. Plus, it would make it slightly more accessible to people unfamiliar with these kinds of shooters. But I realize that this may turn the game into something it's not, so I don't really count the lack of a melee against the game. As for the rest of the gameplay, it's done well, though a few choices seem odd. I can't seem to figure out how to carry extra ammo for weapons other than the starting one. And while I like the idea of having to defend yourself at a slowly opening door at the end of each level, the game rarely presented me with this situation, since I almost always cleared out the entire area before opening the door. I suppose one might use the door while being chased if they're going for the best time, but I always play slower since I need all the extra weapons and scrap I can get.However, I will count broken mechanics against the game. In short, the teleporter is useless. Yes, it's functional; it does indeed let you start on a higher level as promised, but you're not given any extra weapons, health, or upgrades to compensate for the higher difficulty. I get that the teleporter is supposed to work around a major flaw (or a major selling-point) in rogue-likes: the need to start from the beginning each time, but I have found that playing level 3 with no upgrades in an exercise in futility.The graphics are like the unlucky musician who gets to open for Billy Joel: Very nice, but not what everyone is there for. The models are low-poly and the textures are low-res and lack any sort of filtering. The look definitely evokes retro games, though not Quake or Doom, strangely. The bright colors are antithetical to Quake's brown. And while the unfiltered textures call Doom to mind, when combined with the low-poly models, the graphics conjure memories of the original PlayStation.My final qualm with the game is its price: $19.96. Yes, it's a very cheeky (and not at all subtle) nod to the year of gaming the developers are trying to evoke, but I think its just a little bit too steep. Receiver (another Unity Engine rogue-lite FPS that plays at a very different pace) is a mere $4.99. To be fair, I've had more fun with Strafe, but four times more fun than Receiver? No. $9.99 would be a more appropriate price, in my opinion."
,Not Recommended,442780,31659730,Posted: 9 May,all,BigBarazi,"This game is just boring, slightly better than your average Greenlight trash. enemies just shuffle towards you and levels are mom's spaghetti after Eminem threw them up!"
,Not Recommended,442780,31651095,Posted: 9 May,all,😎 Turbo Man 😎,It's a shame I can't recommend this game cos there's a decent amount of potential here but it all fails to deliver- The gunplay can be good but it's held back by insanely small ammo count and lengthy reloads. Remember when 90s shooters had that? Me neither- Oddly enough I prefer the graphics in the tutorial room. The VHS filter on that helps cover up the Minecraft voxel graphics despite it claiming to look old skool- I have no clue what the upgrades and perks do. There's zero explaination for them.- Way too many hazards. I can't collect important stuff without taking a lot of damage from fire or that machine that spurts out orange ♥♥♥♥. Doesn't feel like you can progress that much.Wait for a 50% sale
76561198177689849,Recommended,442780,32400507,Posted: 13 June,all,PoloBaquerizoH,"This game is for roguelike dark souls fans. this game is for the ones that look for a challenge. this game is hard, yes similar to an spelunky experience but on a fps roguelike. a lot of luck is always involved in roguelikes and I love that."
76561197982443722,Recommended,442780,34700537,Posted: 2 September,all,Dedmosh,"Yet another amazing indie game that was compared to AAA releases with 100x the budget and a dev team that didn't have the money to buy fluff pieces on review sites. This game does EXACTLY what it sets out to do, and with aplomb.Buy it, Play it, Love it."
,Recommended,442780,32911924,Posted: 27 June,all,Th0rn The Marked,"Tl;dr: Fast paced awesome gore shooty bang bang.Long Version:People that dislike this game dislike it on petty terms that aren't the games own fault, but  rather their own expectations.People expected STRAFE to be something like the age old quake or something of the sort.Sure it plays on the idea of Nostagia, but it never promised to skin those games and become them.Personally I found the game, and still find the game, fun as♥♥♥♥♥♥Between the arcade murderzone and the idea that the game almost encourages speedrunning or going as fast as possible, as at the end of each stage, if you beat the par time you get rewarded a small box full of scrap.It's a great timewaster, and if you enjoy something like Binding Of Isaac or the sort you may enjoy this.Be warned though, some deaths are going to feel cheap, as the further you get in the game, the faster enemy projectiles get."
,Recommended,442780,31676487,Posted: 10 May,all,Махiматоя,"Something to address about this game:I feel that this game was marketed wrong. I'm not discussing the advertisements (SO TIGHT), but what this game was pitched as versus what was given. It feels that before release, the developers, Pixel Titans, who made a great game, pitched it as something that it wasn't, which was a shooter designed to make kids from the 90s relive their Quake and Doom days. However, Quake and Doom are shooters which depend on specific level design and the capability to land your shots, as well as dodge enemy bullets. However, what was delivered was a rogue lite, randomly generated shooter which takes inspiration from the afore mentioned games, but more tests your ability to dodge more than anything else. However, the meaning of accuracy and speed are also very highly accentuated in this game. This game, rather than being ultimately akin to Quake and Doom, is also very ""Serious-Sammy"". Still, I think this is a highly enjoyable game, but it wasn't pitched properly. Still, some stuff was mentioned before hand which should've dispelled some criticisms which are being made currently, which I'll debunk later.Honestly, I would rather not right a review for Strafe all because I would rather not share my opinions online. However, the sheer amount of negative reviews this game is getting is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. I'm sure that most of them were written by 13 year olds that went ""I played Quake/Doom, I'm a hardcore gamer"". Anyways, Pros and Cons.Pros- Action packed- Gore delivers what was promised* Doesn't lag unless you're actually trying to run this on a 90s Macintosh* Gore doesn't disappear throughout the stage you are completing* Everything shown off in the Uber Gore Tech video (It's on the official Strafe youtuber channel) is present and has animpact on gameplay- Has a soundtrack hotter than James Hetfield in the 90s (I'm talking about the person, nothing can beat out Metallica)- Is difficult for the RIGHT reasons* Unless you learn to dodge♥♥♥♥♥♥and bunnyhop you're going to take damage* You're going to die if you don't learn to aim* In general, you're going to die if you play like a total ♥♥♥♥♥ and don't learn to deal with♥♥♥♥♥♥ - Maintains roguelike elements while managing to be a good shooter- The aesthetic couldn't be better* The levels are almost akin to a retextured Doom, albeit with more technological improvements and better lighting- Crystal Clear movement- If you like story, while this game doesn't have the most original story, the lack of any telling of it but instead giving you visual clues leaves your brain to wander. However, the further you get into the game, the more you'll see fact from fiction, and in the end, the story isn't super ♥♥♥♥♥♥.Cons- Very rarely, certain level generation errors can occur which ruin the immersion* Invisible objects, etc.* Few and far between them- Is repetitive* but if you didn't see that♥♥♥♥♥♥coming from a mile away I'm even surprised how you managed to hit the add to cart button- Guns don't have enough ""kick"" to them* Don't exactly sound or feel like boomsticks or powerhouses- Machinegun has way too much kick to it* I doubt even a pro CSGO player could deal with this ♥♥♥♥ing thing's recoil- Sometimes certain obstacles are placed in a manner where you have to take damage and that's unfair- The starting room of the second Icarus level is a remake of Doom's hangar, you know, the one that plays E1M1 as its track. Unfortunately, this hangar is a tight, enemy clogged hellhole which can easily chip off a great chunk of your health before you even get into the meat of the level.- The boss fight, even though it is a good attempt to mix the genre of top down bullet hell shooters with the FPS genre, it misses the mark and doesn't feel fast paced. I feel that there is room for improvement though, and if some updates are made, it could be done well.My rating: 8/10It's a game that has its base idea figured out, but has yet to polish itself. I love just how over the top it is with the art style and gore. Also, many people ♥♥♥♥♥ about how you have to hide behind corners to survive. I've got good new for you: You don't. All you have to do is bunnyhop, not miss every other shot, and be aware of enemies. The enemies are projectile based after all. Still, this game is missing some polish and is indeed very repetitive. Also, the machinegun, like I said and cannot stress enough, feels like a nailgun --- in a paintcan shaker. The recoil, no matter how much you try and feather the trigger, is like COD on steroids. Still, it is a lot of fun to play and the satisfaction of taking the time to survey the view of a bloodied and cleared room is amazing.DEBUNKING ♥♥♥♥♥♥ CRITICISM*It's not sprite based""Who said it would be? Seriously, I'm surprised people ♥♥♥♥♥ about this. Sprite based games, most notably Doom, are, even though this game is going for the retro aesthetic, of the past. They don't offer nearly as much immersion, and that's solid fact. Also, Quake wasn't sprite based. I don't remember anyone whining about that. Also, this game clearly takes more inspiration from Quake. Next!""It's randomized""What the ♥♥♥♥? That was about 20% of the selling point. I'm surprised some people actually complained about this.""It's a corridor shooter because that's the only viable way to survive the experience""No, you suck at the game, and that's fact. I would have refunded this game a long time ago if that was the way I played it. No, the viable way to play it is this:A) Strafe (pun intended) and BhopB) Shoot things instead of the wallC) Remember that you can dodge instead of taking the bullet's sweet embraceAnd that, ladies and gents, is how you survive.""It's repetitive""Unfortunately, that's fact. However, you should've expected it. It's a roguelike with, as all the trailers and gameplay have shown, very limited varieties of enemies. However: people replay the same Doom levels, over and over, with the same preset spawns, the same enemies, the same everything, and never get bored. And somehow this is repetitive? No.""You reload""Learn to aim and you'll make every level with ammo to spare. Although I agree, reloading isn't the most old school thing, if the guns had infinite firing speed, the game would be far duller and the guns would be overpowered as hell.""Your hitbox is too big""And your capacity to dodge is too small.""Icarus is too tight of a fighting space""SO TIGHT! All of the arenas have lots of space too fight. This is only because you might be corridor shooting.So what is my final verdict? If you heard that this is a good ol' 90s action game, this is what you're looking for."
,Recommended,442780,32555910,Posted: 18 June,all,Cute,"A wonderful little FPS rogue-like that pays homage to it's FPS ancestors. I switch off between this and Spelunky (very similar progression systems) when I feel the gaming hunger but am not in the mood for a full 10-20 hour shooter campaign, or a 40 hour RPG meal, though I'm sure this could give you that many hours of enjoyment if you plug away at it until you are practiced enough to finish it."
,Recommended,442780,31656520,Posted: 9 May,all,Matoro Zeliph,"In a nutshell, it is like Quake 2 meets Roguelike. Best of all, it doesn't hold your hand! So if Strafeguy dies, he dies for good! That means everytime you run a new game, level design slightly varies to one another. I just find STRAFE epic ok! Just get it!In summary, here is an overall score I would give STRAFE:1 : Graphics9 : Gameplay9 : Music6 : Story"
,Not Recommended,442780,31873985,Posted: 20 May,all,Sensei,"I got won over by the game's excellent marketing, but was left dissappointed by the final product.   I love the atmosphere of older ID software titles such as Quake and Quake 2, and was expecting something in the same vein.**If you enjoy FPS roguelites like I do, I'd recommend trying out Paranautical Activity or Rogue Shooter, they're much more fun.**Your character moves fast, which is a plus.  The VHS filters in the training mission looked great, I honestly wouldn't mind if there was to keep them for the entire game.  The training video is also awesome.Otherwise, graphics are serviceable, auto generating the levels causes an inevitable feeling of sameyness.  Combat always ends up with kiting a horde of enemies down a corridor while trying to time your reload to not let any of them get close.  There's a ton of environmental hazards that chip away at your health, which ends up feeling cheap and not very fun.Every gun I tried feels underpowered.  MG seems to be the best starting weapon and has a good fire rate, but doesn't feel punchy at all, and it feels like I constantly need to reload.  The only saving grace is being able to land headshots to kill enemies a little quicker.  Shotty just feels weak, and is much too slow to keep hordes in check.  Railgun again feels much too slow to keep a group of enemies under control, you just have to strafe around them and keep your distance rather than retreating backwards.  I can't get over how weak the rocket launcher feels, there's next to no splash damage, leading to needing to shoot very close to the enemy's feet, meaning I was hurting myself quite regularly.  The mechanic of switching to melee when an upgrade weapon runs out of ammo rather than back to your starting weapon is an awful design decision, and resulted in taking a lot of unecessary hits.Sound effects and music are all right.  I take issue with the lack of audio queues though - I play FPS with headphones for better environmental awareness, but since the enemies are mostly silent, I would often find myself taking damage from an enemy that came at me from outside my field of vision, but never heard.  The footstep noise radius really needs to be increased, or perhaps enemies can make an idle sound more frequently as they get ready to attack.The enemies are also boring to kill, the pigmen die quick but since all they do is chase you in a group there aren't any strategies I found other than kite them or run past them and hope to find the exit before you get stuck in a dead end.  Trying to speedrun the game by avoiding enemies (and having your health chipped away bit by bit)  seems to be the optimal way to play the game, but I just didn't find it fun."
,Recommended,442780,35426807,Posted: 2 October,all,jeem,i opened to an obscenely comfy menu rendered in voxel arti clicked the tutorial book and received grainy FMV of a provocatively dressed womani like this game
,Recommended,442780,31694443,Posted: 11 May,all,Yukki Nomizu,goood ol fun
76561198062300488,Recommended,442780,31704355,Posted: 12 May,all,BRImSTOneHUNter,"Just get this out of the way: Dont get in with the mindset ,,its another QUAKE!''.Strafe got quite the broadside of negativ reviews here but let me address some isues that arent really issues:,,Weapons feel♥♥♥♥♥♥''Yes and No. Weapons start out weak and get more interesting and strong when you pick up items (and no gun is objectivly better then any other gun because I like the machine-gun the most because of Headshots but many like the Shotgun) Also there are ALOT of ,,one-clip'' guns that keep things freash (i played 6 hoursand still found new guns i never saw before),,Health is hard to find and Armor is way to overpriced!''No. Healthpoints are well placed and Big Chests give multiple scrap when you shoot them. And there are many secrets to get Armor. (a minor detail wich makes the game 50% less hard because secrets give 50 armor and a chest nearly gives enough to buy 50 armor.),,Basic Enemy's are way to dumb!''Yes and No: This game focuses on STRAFING and kiting from enemys. It is quite fun to exploit the simple enemys and there are Turrets and stalkers that keep thing exciting.,,There are no interesting Enemys!''Defently NO. The Enemys get more and more creativ when you progress through the areas.So...STRAFE is a nicely balanced FPS Rougelike (there are not many out there and i needed to satisfy my itch for those games) wich the goodies of 90's shooters (Bunnyhopping, Fast Movementspeed and so on)I woud say Buy it and you will see all the answers i gave mostly clear up most ,,problems''. And Pixel Titans is working hard for future updates...STRAFE will grow like any rougue-like games and i hope i can help hold back the bad reviews a little with this one."
,Not Recommended,442780,31661342,Posted: 10 May,all,Poncho Goblin,"Barely runs, no audio feedback for enemies. Wait for stuff to get ironed out before purchasing"
76561198087526255,Recommended,442780,35436704,Posted: 2 October,all,sammbanthien,"SICK! Really though, the aesthetic is amazing and gameplay is crazy and fun. Super under rated game IMHO"
76561197977905515,Not Recommended,442780,33411030,Posted: 9 July,all,Thunder in Paradise,"Strafe is a fun game, but IMO, it suffers from being inferior to it's insparation. Just pick up Quake 1 and play one of the million and one mods instead."
76561198356345666,Recommended,442780,31659482,Posted: 9 May,all,UberMegaUltraGamer,"The game is so much fun to play. I am actually one of the first few people to beat it. The VV-1N made the game so easy, I beat it in literal seconds. Final thoughts: best game of 1996, will replay always. Thank you to everyone who had a part in this game. You all deserve the title of my new favoite developers on earth, as well as your game being hands down the best game of 1996. LONG LIVE STRAFE!"
,Not Recommended,442780,31656666,Posted: 9 May,all,rb - free trips to ADX florence,"After a year long wait i honestly expected more than what it is.The gunplay (abliet with a small arsenal as per advertised) doesn't feel that satisfying, theres no real kick to the weapons, the blood and gore system is cool as ♥♥♥♥ though, the music is good, it's presented exactly how a game for its time would be presented, the maps aren't that good though, the literal first thing that happened, like right as i just started was falling through the map, the map generation seems sort of broken, it just gets confusing as hell and i got stuck in a portion of the map i couldn't get out of, if your looking to buy it i would honestly grab it when it ends up on sale, nearly 20$ for something like this isn't what i would pay for, maybe 10-15$"
76561198096288572,Recommended,442780,34204811,Posted: 12 August,all,Accidental_TOAST,"This is the roguelite lo-fi all around harder version of DooM(2016).While it is a relatively enjoyable game, it suffered from a hype trainwreck caused by its very amusing viral marketing, though if the people actually watched gameplay of the game, they would know what they were getting into, which is a intensly hard lo-fi procedural fps.When i say hard, I mean the game doesnt give you much health items, which can cause some players to play defensively, but if you want to play the game the proper way, play recklessly until you figure out what tactics work best for you.Besides the lack of health items, the game is actually quite fun, with excellent gunplay and pretty fast movement speed that can be increased by bunnyhopping, and there are a variety of enemies to bleed dry with your weapon of choice.The cherry on the cake would be the absolutely badass soundtrack that is DLC for this game, which I highly reccomend purchasing...its about as good as the new DooMs soundtrack but not in a metal way."
,Recommended,442780,33256127,Posted: 4 July,all,tufor,haha yes
,Not Recommended,442780,34343685,Posted: 18 August,all,☈ProShots,"If it were possible to give a neutral review I would. I enjoyed it when I first started playing it, but then I realized that all the game does is send waves of enemies running at you...straight at you, that's all they do. If the a.i wasn't so god awful stupid It would have been much more enjoyable. There is a lot to like, but the enemies in every way are just so boring and takes away from my experience. The enemies need to be a lot more thought-provoking."
76561198085209990,Recommended,442780,34426583,Posted: 22 August,all,Kossleair,"At first, I didn't care for this game due to the way that the weapons felt and how careful you need to be in a retro shooter. Then something clicked, I just kinda understood what this game is, and I haven't been playing other shooters I own more than this. I think I might just love this game."
,Recommended,442780,33774114,Posted: 24 July,all,Mr.Bigtime-81,A very addictive rogue like FPS . old school. loved the 56k modem sounds.
,Recommended,442780,31657870,Posted: 9 May,all,greatlakes,"The Icarus training girl is so hot.Also, Steam reviewers have no chill.Just shoot and kills things.8/10"
,Recommended,442780,31659219,Posted: 9 May,all,Fearless Leader,Its good. The enemies right now have a tendancy to be kitable. But I trust the dev team to patch  it well. Also the only frame drops I've had are on the end of the level. I think it is saving my progress for some leaderboard?
,Recommended,442780,31658124,Posted: 9 May,all,Void,Good game overall but I could not get the audio working on I would recommend this if you need to blow off some STEAM.....lol anyways recommend if you just need to relax and shoot some stuff.
,Not Recommended,442780,31714903,Posted: 12 May,all,Krampus,I really want to like and recomend the game but it needs far to much work still to make it an enjoyable experience.
,Recommended,442780,31715199,Posted: 12 May,all,hooby,Super hard.Super fun.Super style.Great game.
,Recommended,442780,31710462,Posted: 12 May,all,SquigM,This game is a Quake/Spelunky lovechild.  It's awesome.
,Not Recommended,442780,31673708,Posted: 10 May,all,simon,"As someone who waited two years for this game to come out, Strafe is a major disappointment. Artistically, this game is great: it starts off with a tutorial poking fun at how ""hardcore"" many shooters from the late nineties tried to be, while at the same time embracing those tropes with the impressive blood effects and gritty environments, strung together with a strong soundtrack reminiscent of the games that inspired it. But once you're done noticing all that went into the atmosphere and you focus on the gameplay, Strafe immediately starts to fall apart.You start each run with a choice of three weapons; a shotgun that excels at close-range encounters, a machine gun with a decent mix of range and power but not very accurate,and a railgun with range and power but a long recharge time between shots. Once you've done that, it's right into the first level, and it's immediately apparent what went wrong with this game. The basic enemies rush straight at you without any tactics, in a straight line. No matter what weapon you have, the majority of the rooms in this game devolve into simple running around in a circle, slowly mowing them down. Many rooms in this game are very small, making this an annoying task and draining a lot of the fun out of the game, and although you can bunnyhop to increase your speed, doing so makes you go very high up, making it nearly impossible to aim at anything.This is made even worse by the addition of reload times and ammo going off of your current clip/magazine instead of a total ammo pool per weapon, something I have no idea what Pixel Titans was thinking when they added; and this is how the majority of fights will play out. Even when projectile enemies are introduced, they rarely add anything to the fights and end up being more of an annoyance than anything, as you'll simply kill them in a second or two simply to go and focus on the army of melee enemies following you around.As far as I've seen from gameplay videos and Twitch streams, this is how the game stays all the way through. There doesn't seem to be anything you can unlock from beating the game, something that is an absolute necessity for a roguelike. The only differences between runs are the rooms, of which I had already started to see the same ones less than an hour into the game; weapon upgrades, which the game provides you no information about what changed when you get them; and enemy variation, which won't really make a difference. If so little changes when you finish the game, why should you even bother trying to finish it in the first place?Strafe is all style and no substance."
,Recommended,442780,32726538,Posted: 24 June,all,SMC,"Yeah it's a good game, love the look and you can't deny how good the gameplay feels, they fkn nailed that aspect with tones of secrets likeSuperhot Shotgun, mini games likeLuftenstein 3D. Great for many hr and short 20min bursts to see how good your skill is and how long you can last, for meall they way baby ;).The majority of haters can't beat the first few levels out of the hub area, they even added easy mode with slow-mo function for these peeps lol.More content coming out so very recommended."
,Recommended,442780,31729040,Posted: 13 May,all,MrDemnoc,"Today we are looking at Strafe, a first person gore shoot em up. It is developed by Pixel Titans and published by Devolver Digital.It also features roguelite elements into the game. Think about procedural generated maps and permanent death.It is a fun game  with some problems. Want to find out more please check out the review at:https://youtu.be/TAbMSTRlBtI"
,Recommended,442780,34196161,Posted: 12 August,all,NardBasket,"I LOVE this game. It's the perfect level of difficulty for a roguelike game where as you learn the ropes you make it farther and farther every time. The aesthetic, the music, the presentation, I love everything about it. A lot of times you see games that put a lot of time/money/effort into their advertisements, but the game is meh. This game is fantastic and deserving of the high quality 'commercials' they made for it. Check it out!"
76561197971511315,Recommended,442780,31766048,Posted: 15 May,all,Kinray,Too easy.
76561198042703586,Recommended,442780,33977338,Posted: 2 August,all,BeefPudding,"runs great looks great feels great.the gore system is phenomenal, love how it drips down the walls and to sub levels through grates and such. also neat how it is permanent and by the end the level is completely covered.highly recommend"
,Recommended,442780,31656691,Posted: 9 May,all,Doom3 pa1ner,"First impressions after play.Pros:- Very amazing movement system, you can gain fast speed with full control;- Many secrets;- When you start a new game the start always will be diffrent (and whole game);- Good weapon (and amazing joke from preorder. They give me gun when i shoot once i finish the game lol) and upgrade system;- Thank you devs for hearing community. They fixed all problems i had with game!- Blood!Cons:- Enemies are the most stupid i ever seen;- Had freeziong once;- Optimization does not exist in this game."
,Recommended,442780,31711825,Posted: 12 May,all,M3TA,It has a fair amount of bugs but it's pretty fun.
,Recommended,442780,32908673,Posted: 27 June,all,Edgar,"If you want a to spend not too long to just run around and kill stuff, this game is for you. Not a big time sink and the arena type mode was fun as well."
76561198271779385,Recommended,442780,32259982,Posted: 7 June,all,Bread man,"I love this game and it's music, if you learn how the game works you can pull off some crazy♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,442780,31652687,Posted: 9 May,all,chilled.Pin,The trailer was awesome :(
,Not Recommended,442780,33013000,Posted: 29 June,all,[CZ]Skyblade799,"Don't like it very much, and it didn't take long. Getting a refund soon.The weapons feel weak, and have weak sound design; so do the enemies.The inclusion of flow interrupting mechanics like constant reloading due to small ammo capacities, accuracy spread with constant fire, and thin level design that constantly gets in the way of movement, is in poor taste when considering it advertised itself as a throwback to older shooters. Even worse; reloading drops all ammo in the mag , so you lose if you reload often, which doesn't feel great to do as a result. A proper throwback is the new DOOM game, which knew how to keep the gameplay momentum in check through fluid mechanics and more open areas; Strafe doesn't do this at all.Enemies come in swarms that quickly flood the small rooms, discouraging movement. Furthermore, the lack of space makes projectiles unenjoyable to avoid. Not only that, but it doesn't feel satisfying to shoot them; I blame the sound design.The procedural generator is simply a very, very small handful of rooms mixed together. Ziggurat had pre-made room shapes, but it had a lot more variety to make it work better. Strafe's generator is boring, and limits interest in replayability.But I guess the music was alright.I feel like it tries to distract from it's poor design by calling itself a roguelike and pushing the blame to difficulty, but I didn't care about the difficulty, I care about how it feels and how balanced it is. I didn't even get to look at the balance though, as in the end what distracted me was the fact that it feels really bad. I could have pushed past the first main sector, but I can recognize when a game isn't going to hold any enjoyment for me.It really seems like they spent more time on the marketing then on the gameplay (especially given the tutorial and options menu). This game feels weak to me right now, and I don't imagine they'll fix it anytime soon. It only took an hour for me to feel dissapointtment, and that's noting I went in with very limited expectations; saw it on sale, watched the trailer, thought ""sure why not"". I don't reccomend it.Edit: Almost forgot; non-start weapons are mostly temporary and will be lost when out of ammo, and you can't swap to them with number keys, only the scroll wheel. Why would that ever seem like a good idea?"
76561198206884547,Recommended,442780,34824486,Posted: 8 September,all,High,Good game.
76561197994151209,Not Recommended,442780,31651206,Posted: 9 May,all,Masta Killa,"I know I haven't played much of Strafe, but that's because I'm getting a refund.Good:- The 90's aesthetic and package, especially the tutorialMeh:- It's a rogue-like. If that's your thing, great, but it didn't appeal to me.Bad:- Guns feel really terrible. Nothing like Doom or Quake. Not a single gun here that I'd want to shoot.- Maps have no personality because they're procedurally generated. Can't hold a candle to 90's campaign maps.- Sounds are poor and/or missing- Music is bad. Doom and Quake were much better."
,Recommended,442780,31659847,Posted: 9 May,all,cold pressed covfefe,its a great gamedont let the bad comments drive you awaytrust me its a good game
,Recommended,442780,31661920,Posted: 10 May,all,Transaction Jackson,"Strafe is fun! While a little rough around the edges with some mild glitches, the strength of the core gameplay really shines through this. Gunplay is twitchy and responsive, movement is fast and the items are interesting and can really mix up how you're playing a run. The procedurally generated levels are a little confusing for the first hour or so, unfortunately this is most true in the first world, but once you get a hold on the design language and how it sign posts the flow of a room things go much more smoothly. While you'll mainly be relying on your primary weapon for the bulk of combat, the other non-replenishable weapons you pick up along the way are vital in dealing with tough situations especially in the latter half of the game.Some might find this tight arsenal disappointing but it encourages thrifty and conscious play, which is a theme that runs throughout Strafe. Health is very limited and while that initially might promote a defensive style of play in some players, that soon becomes clearly deficient. The way to success in Strafe is by exploiting your speed and the level geometry to outrun and misguide enemies and projectiles. When you get this down, the promise of high-octane action is made good.However, the learning process for Strafe is going to take anyone a few hours, while it's a bit like all of the 90's shooters it's aping, Strafe is very much it's own thing. That being said, Strafe is hard to beat, but making it all the way to the end is very rewarding. The game would definitely benefit from some difficulty settings to appeal to a wider audience, as is, I can only whole heartedly recommend it to the presumably small intersection of people who are well-versed in twitch shooters as well as roguelites.A few updates and balance tweaks down the line, Strafe will be more to everyone's liking, I think. But in its release state it's already a blast, with a few caveats."
,Recommended,442780,31655901,Posted: 9 May,all,Divine,Wonderfully fun and interesting Retro FPS! Lived up to the hype for me :D
76561198305034434,Not Recommended,442780,31678421,Posted: 10 May,all,stoqngogov,"This game fail to deliver its promises. The campaign have no story, its ultra repetitive and lack atmosphere. If you want a fast retro shooter byu Quake 1-3 or download some modern Doom mods="
76561198148649068,Not Recommended,442780,31666533,Posted: 10 May,all,jackson_perry69,"This game is not optimized well. I dont have a good laptop let me mention that now but why does this game run like♥♥♥♥♥ It looks about as good as Serious Sam but I can play serious sam just fine this ♥♥♥♥ing game cannot playat anything above 10 fps. Anyone else have this problem, they dont mention it in the comments that I've seen?"
,Not Recommended,442780,31655939,Posted: 9 May,all,nuffy,"""Meh"""
76561198420576758,Recommended,442780,34790310,Posted: 7 September,all,EncryptedUsername12,One of my favorite roguelikes for sure. Been super-well updated since launch. Haven't had any problems except for literally dying playing this game!
,Not Recommended,442780,31673154,Posted: 10 May,all,Earndil,"This game has so much stuff that should work, and yet in its current state does notBefore I begin this, yes, I was expecting a rogue-like game, yes I am aware that an fps/roguelike will require some decent skill before people find it fun. I made it to the final boss and got toasted by him due to some pretty frustrating vagueness, but that is not the reason I am writing this. The reason I am writing this is because of everything leading up to, and including that fight really stank of poor design and gameplay choices.Let's start with what is good;I like the gore, alright? Let's not beat around the bush, the way gore is handled is very cool considering what the graphics are like.The game has a very system-shock esque vibe to it, and that lends some pretty cool atmosphere to the game, coupled with the gore it makes it a pleasantly creepy.Weapons are at least fun to play with, most of the weapons are entertaining to use on the sizeable hordes of monsters that come after you, and are at least varied enough that you can use them effectively in a variety of scenarios.Controls are tight enough that a spaz like me can hop around and dodge melee and ranged attacks with relative ease (to a point, more on that later) and don't send you careening into hazards.What is not good, what is bad;Sound design, first and foremost this game sounds like crap. The music clashes pretty spectacularly with the atmosphere through the whole game, though that is likely intentional to create a sort of dissonance. It's nice music, but coupled with the visuals it is both unfitting, and downright irritating. Weapons sound very poor for the most part, the shotgun sounds like a paper bag full of air and frozen peas being popped, explosions sound like a cheese curl being crushed with your molars, everything save for most of the energy weapons and the automatic weapons has a very anemic quality to it, as though it's taking a back seat to the screams of the creatures that want to kill you (which got very grating, very quickly). Retro is nice, but one must always remember that retro had its own flaws, and that is why we moved on. The over reliance on head nods to old stylistic choices really gets in the way of the game's own (limited) style.Basic AI is fine for the first couple types of enemies, it quickly gets old and boring when you rehash the same kinds of enemies such as; A man who shoots, a different man who shoots, a man who shoots three shots, a big man who shoots five shots, a smaller man who shoots like the first man, but is an armored man.The variety of combat levied against the player is broken up into two categories, Ranged shooters, and melee chargers. Ranged enemies do little to take cover from your fire, in fact they don't hardly do anything like that at all, they mostly rush you down as though they would like to melee you with their bullets. This makes it ridiculously easy to take care of them, since they will follow a predictable move pattern to come at you, wherein you shoot them as they round a corner. The same applies to the melee chargers, who sometimes leap, and sometimes don't. Melee enemies get the advantage of being numerous, yet somehow weaker than the ranged fighters in both health and damage.The afformentioned weapons suffer faults, in that your inventory consists of one weapon you are capable of reloading, and many ""one shot"" weapons that are expended as they are depleted. This leans more towards the rogue-like quality (to an extent) but ultimately limits the player's ability to keep things interesting, as you will find your only primary weapon quite dull when compared to the other weapons that are available.Back to what I said at the start, I died at the final boss, not due to my own ineptitude mind you, I successfully broke all the small things I needed to in order to defeat him, when suddenly he ceased moving. Enemies kept spawning en masse, but I was no longer able to fight the boss, it refused to advance, and I was taken down via attrition. This game is bugged out the♥♥♥♥♥ I frequently find myself losing ammo randomly, and in large amounts, some of the one-shot weapons suddenly are incapable of shooting and are rendered bludgeons, corners of rooms serve to randomly detonate barrels as they collide with the geometry, and enemies seem to be capable of disappearing and reappearing randomly as they approach.Things that I do not mention, but find acceptable at the very least:Gameplay loop is fine, for the most part, levels are built in an easy to figure out fashion, and do not do too many loops.Roguelike elements are handled alright, upgrades are simple and to the point, they don't crowd the gameplay.Items are (mostly) useable and do not serve to crowd the already cluttered gameplay, instead opting for passive minor gameplay improvements or changes.The style is okay, I think it's ugly personally, but there's very little accounting for taste when someone makes a nostalgia trip like this.Nostalgia tripping is normally intrusive and annoying, but here it's at the very least out of the way, an occasional nintendo cartridge or arcade cabinet with a minigame of wolfenstein isn't going to make me flip my♥♥♥♥♥♥This all being said, I do not hate this game. I do not like it in its current state, and would greatly like for the devs to pull their heads out of the dirt and listen to the complaints of their playerbase, but one can dream can't they? The way it is right now rings more closely to an early access title, than a full and complete game, due in part to the design, and bugginess, and as such I cannot recommend it at this price, or any price.If/when the devs figure out what they can do, which is a very ♥♥♥♥ing easy thing to do, might I add, then I will give this game another shot. Until then, into the grinder it goes."
76561198015104170,Recommended,442780,31654588,Posted: 9 May,all,GENO,im a big sucker for games like these so yea.
76561198307409907,Recommended,442780,31656225,Posted: 9 May,all,IAmTheBetterCaptain,"Buy it, theres no reason not to"
,Recommended,442780,34323303,Posted: 18 August,all,LAMBDACHI,"TL;DR at end of reviewDO NOT LET THE MIXED REVIEWS PUT YOU OFF!A lot of those negative reviews are just complaining about the same thing: ""misleading advertizing"" which shouldn't be taken into consideration when reviewing games in the first place, in my opinion.-<=INTRODUCTION=>-So, with that disclaimer aside, what isSTRAFE? In essence,STRAFEis a rogue-lite First-Person Shooter remniscent of classic 90's shooters likeQuake,DOOM,Unreal Tournament, and evenHalf-Lifein some regards.STRAFEcontains a multitude of weapons and enemies, along with room-based randomized level generation and, for the most part, lots of gore; you leave behind such a big, bloody mess in your wake that not evenViscera Cleanup Detailwould be capable of cleaning the place up afterward.-<=GAMEPLAY=>-You start out on your ship, which acts as the hub for the normal game. In front of you are 3 weapons: a machine gun, a shotgun, and a railgun. You can only take one of these, or not take one at all if you're up to a real challenge. You go through the doorway and enter a teleporter to the first zone, ICARUS. From there on you gun your way through four zones, each three levels in length, before facing off with the final boss. Once you beat the boss, you take a teleporter back to your ship, which has opened up beyond the armory and teleporter at this point, and as you reach the cockpit, you sit down in your chair and head back home after a chaotic first day on the job.At the beginning of each zone after ICARUS there is an unfinished teleporter that you can assemble by collecting four different parts from the previous zone. You can get only one part per zone per run, so you need to play multiple times to get the teleporters up and running, which should save you some time in future runs. However, and I'm not sure if this is an oversight in the game's design or not, you have to fix the teleporter in zone 2 before you can access later teleporters that you've already fixed. Say you've fixed the teleporter in zone 3 but not the one in zone 2, well you won't be able to access zone 3 until you have fixed the zone 2 teleporter.A regular run can take anywhere from 15 minutes using the zone 4 teleporter, to 3 hours without using any teleporters and looking for secrets.You'll find that movement inSTRAFEis very fluid and very responsive; being able to strafe diagonally and stop forward movement on a dime in the air is a godsend for any first-person action game. There is also bunny-hopping and blast-jumping implemented so you can utilize your weapons for extra mobility, if you wanted to.One of the key factors to this game is design-based difficulty. There are a lot of negative reviews complaining about the game being too hard, when the writers of said reviews are not playing the game as intended. Every enemy inSTRAFEis designed around strafing in some way, and that is what sets this game apart from the games that it draws inspiration from. Go intoSTRAFEexpecting it to play likeQuakeand you will die a lot. Go into the game expecting nothing like I did and you will get far. Besides, if you feel the game is too difficult for you, there is a switch in the main menu right next to the monitor that will enable the ""EZ-Discovery Zone"" where you can learn enemy patterns without being overwhelmed by a crap-ton of them, but it will disable achievements. There is also a survival arena mini-game you can find in the extras on the main menu called the MURDERZONE where you can hone your strafing skills.-<=GRAPHICS=>-""Bleeding Edge Graphics and Gameplay (Circa 1996)"". Bleeding edge graphics literally. One thing you can praise this game for is how they handled the blood and gore effects. The blood in this game acts very realistically as in it splatters everywhere when you take an enemy's head off, and the blood drips from the ceiling, down the walls, and even through grates. Even today's AAA shooters don't have blood that does that; the closest I have seen another game get to realistic splatter effects would have to be either the gels inPortal 2or the ink in Nintendo'sSplatoon. The gore also has a realistic behavior. This game can actually render persistent gore without sacrificing performance most of the time so everything that you've killed stays there. You can also stomp pieces of your enemies to make even smaller pieces fly every which way. You can't help but appreciate the amount of detail put into this game by the developers.-<=MUSIC=>-This game has a great soundtrack on top of its 90's sci-fi style and action. Not only does it sound good enough to jam to on its own, but it fits the game like the perfectly-sized glove that it is. ToyTree did an amazing job with the music in this game. The soundtrack is well worth $7, and if you can get it on sale, that's even better.-<=BUGS=>-One downside is that this game has many game-breaking bugs that need to be addressed, from the player getting stuck in invisible geometry to items necessary to proceed in the level failing to load in. These bugs unfortunately have many a time forced me to end my runs prematurely, and they tend to be upsetting for everyone. Be aware that the devs have been regularly patching the game until June 24th as of writing this review. A one-and-a-half-month quiet period leads me to believe that they are working on a more major update that will hopefully take care of these bugs.TL;DR:STRAFEtakes inspiration from classic 90's shooters but should not be viewed as a full-on nostalgia trip. It is a unique game and should be treated as such.STRAFEcontains the most impressive gore effects that I have seen and maybe you will too, but also be aware that there are bugs that can make you upset."
76561198002420464,Recommended,442780,31679817,Posted: 11 May,all,Nwt3D,"I've barely played at all and don't understand half the♥♥♥♥♥♥I'm doing, but it's still fun.  The game has a ways to go before it'll be perfect and the last patch showed PT is listening to the negative reviews and are working on it.  I would say give this game a few more weeks to hash out the bad stuff then give it a go.  Or play it now and start the death toll!"
,Not Recommended,442780,31716692,Posted: 12 May,all,Kianoke,Mediocre rogue-lite shooter with 90s aesthetic.
,Recommended,442780,33208590,Posted: 3 July,all,Doctor Buddy Bread,1st run: throws up twice10/10
,Not Recommended,442780,31672134,Posted: 10 May,all,Survii Gecko,"Instead of listing what is good/bad I will write a story of what you could very well experience in this `throwback shooter`. I will point out- this game does have potential, but probably needs to major AI overhauls before I can recommend it.You spawn in, the hillarious tutorial and beatiful art design sucks you in, along with a good sounding soundtrack. You walk and see three guns infront of you, and try them all out onboard the ship. They all feel... slow, and... innaccurate. Oh well, you decide to go with the *GUN* and go to the teleporter. WOAH! Great transition into the first level, this is starting to feel great.You walk into the first room, boxxy as hell and filled with little dudes, you shoot them and again something feels weird, the gun doesn't really pack a punch and the sounds are really weak. But you continue anyway. Next room, this time with more enemies! Time to jump past them and get to a vantage point in the middle of a corridoor, bang bang ban-!?!/1 ♥♥♥♥ SOMEONE GOT BEHIND ME AND TOOK AWAY 40/100 HEALTH IN 2 HITS!>! WHO DECIDED THAT ENEMIES WOULD BE AS LOUD AS A NUN FARTING IN AN ELEVATOR!?!?!/1! Meh, could be worse, and the gore system sure does look pretty good. Why are all the enemies running directly at you? This isn't really encouraging arena gameplay, infact, with this damage from the enemies you pretty much have to run straight backwards and shoot at them.Ok, everyone is dead now, BOOM and I found a health regen thing, perfect, ah... it only regenerated 20 health. Ok, but there is also a station here. Armour? nope too expensive. Ammo? I guess, I don't really know why I need to get ammo in an arena game but whatever. Ok great I can continue!Where do I go? Ah, a blue door, I think I need a keycard*10 minutes pass of running through a maze of box rooms*THERE WE GO! The ♥♥♥♥ing keycard finally. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Walked into a barrel now I only have 23 ♥♥♥♥ing health left.Alright the door is open, time to see what the new level has to offer. Same enemy types, I thought this would be more like DOOM or Shadow Warrior but eeeeeeeh I guess I have to deal with no enemy variety or unique AI that makes me not just bait them down coridoors 24/7.K they are all dead again, now where is the ♥♥♥♥ing keycard.*YOU DIED*FALL DAMAGE! GLORIOUS!"
,Recommended,442780,31659622,Posted: 9 May,all,migel,"I love the presentation and gameplay, and it matches perfectly with the rougelike design.Think Nuclear Throne with less polish and depth, but with great FPS mechanics.If you're not a fan of this type of game, wait until they add more starting weapons or more meaningful per-run progression."
76561198116723384,Recommended,442780,33897296,Posted: 29 July,all,Glennzomatron,"watched Funhaus play it, bought it immediately"
76561197998587657,Recommended,442780,31659260,Posted: 9 May,all,TheMexican't,"holy damm this game is amazing went above and beyond my expectations in nastalga, game play and intensity in every second of the game. I thought that having the randomly generated map system and roguelike elements really sets this title apart from all others in its field. This game is soooo  good that i can see myself dying again and again and again just because it is so worth while to experience every second of this game. The game is very enjoyable don't know what else i can say other than get the game already you won't regret it at all."
,Not Recommended,442780,31652055,Posted: 9 May,all,Coverop,I can't recommend this game in the current state.
,Recommended,442780,31946507,Posted: 24 May,all,Zhuyin Stormstout,Basically the game equivelant of a drill sergant punching you in the♥♥♥♥♥♥ telling you that you suck and then to get up and try again.
76561198088329927,Recommended,442780,33165628,Posted: 2 July,all,Ivan_Bootes,"My buddies say this game is poor mockery of shooters back in 90s. My used-to-be-buddies.STRAFE gives a feeling which is pretty close to one from Quake 1-2. I believe it' s worth and effort, get it, you'll hardly regret it."
,Not Recommended,442780,35433392,Posted: 2 October,all,Yellin' Screamin' Gordon Freeman,"Even with the latest update making it entirely clear that this game is meant to be a roguelike, I still can't recommend it. The marketing posits the game as a fast-paced affair, but due to the general lack of health/armor pickups you generally can't afford to play fast and loose like you could in older shooters. The levels themselves are more reminiscient of System Shock 2 than most 1996 shooters (yes I am going to be pedantic on this), and the randomization usually just leads to dull boxes that never really form any coherent flow, plus the usual AI just leads to Serious Sam-style backpedaling to chokepoints.Were this game advertised as a roguelike from Day 1, it might have been a bit more tolerable. As it stands, the attempt to change the genre listing just smacks of too little too late damage control."
,Not Recommended,442780,34357917,Posted: 19 August,all,^6Placebo ^5Effect,"Pure disappointment. This game had a chance to be amazing, but it feels like the developers were either falsely advertising their game as a throwback in order to sell it, or only had an aesthetic understanding of arena shooters.The gameplay is just not there, the weapons, enemies, and levels all feel underwhelming and unsatisfying. CoD-level weapon spread and reloading in an arena shooter?At least the movement is fun though, it's the only thing that makes the game feel like a retro shooter besides the graphics."
,Not Recommended,442780,31675154,Posted: 10 May,all,Manthony Higgs,Wimpy weaponsSilent enemies with brain-dead AINo health pickupsFall damage1996 would be ashamed
76561197998952406,Recommended,442780,32115118,Posted: 1 June,all,[UN]iowcatalyst,"Not sure why it's got mixed reviews, seems pretty sweet too me, rogue like shooter with 90's like graphics"
,Not Recommended,442780,31678559,Posted: 11 May,all,Cherry Bobble,"I liked this game when I first started playing, it, I really did, and I wanted to keep playing it, until suddenly, I get a cool, new gun, kill some baddies with it... great... pick up ammo pack... no new ammo... none... it went to my main gun, and my main gun only.That is the single dumbest mechanic I have ever seen in a first person shooter, in my entire life... the fact you can't get more ammo for secondary guns are UNACCEPTABLE for a game touting itself as a classic FPS. I could look past the spread on the machine gun, it wasn't as bad as Strife's or even Doom's Chaingun when you held down the button... the brain dead charge at you enemies were fun to me, I liked them a lot, they were fun to dodge and kill. But the fact I couldn't collect and hold onto secondary weapons and collect magazines for them, just absolutely ruined the game for me, it made it pointless, what if in Quake, you had to use the single shotty, and all other guns just got packed with 25 rounds, then you threw em away when you were done... its bull****.Also not to mention, you do take a lot of arbitrary damage, with nothing to help you mitigate it, **** exploding on your way down elevators, enemies sneaking up on you, or during masses, enemies who shoot you from afar that you can't dodge because of the clouds of sloths... in Doom and Quake, there was enough health to keep you going, you didn't die because you never had any health, you died because you ****ed up during a fight and all your health got drained... this game goes the war of attrition route and it makes it so that running and gunning, fighting and dodging isn't the best tactic available, in fact using corners and choke points are... which is something you'd find in, Call of Duty.It genuinely seems like the developer read about old school FPS' and never actually played any, then decided to make a game trying to mimic the shallowest form of them, seriously, I could excuse the lack of find the key gameplay, the endless charging enemies (again I actually found them enjoyable) even the fact that some of the secondary weapons were just carbon copies of main guns, but the fact I can't amass an arsenal and destroy my enemies, is bull****... even as a wide eye'd, pigtailed runt I would have found it to be bull****.Anyway, hopefully my refund gets approved... because I was severely disappointed by the missteps made by this game... unless theres some fundamental changes, I can't recommend giving this the time of day, Ammo for secondary guns, Health to help mitigate the bull**** arbitrary damage you take, better weapon variety, the war of attrition sort of fighting style that encourages corner hugging...Its hard to make an FPS like the old greats, but it isn't impossible... if you really need to, just copy Serious Sam or Painkiller, they changed a lot of the old format and were still good.Gameplay - 1/10 - Too many broken mechanics, random generation can work in FPS' Play Doom with Obliged, its better than this.Graphics - 10/10 - I'm a sucker for simple models and texturesSound - 5/10 - Quiet footsteps and the fact everything CONSTANTLY made noise made it easy for enemies to sneak in a suckerpunchGames to compare it to:Call of Duty - Because hugging corners is a core mechanic, and the machine guns all feel the sameWASTED - The level generation is mostly where I make this comparison... WASTED actually had good shooting mechanics and let you collect ammo for all your guns though so the level generation is where that connection ends.Aliens Colonial Marines - Because it said one thing, and gave you another."
,Not Recommended,442780,31828807,Posted: 18 May,all,Rattulator,"I want to recommend this game, I love roguelikes, I love fast paced quake-esque shooters so combining the two should be incredible, and I can see the potential in there, but its buried under truly HIDEOUS mouse acceleration, and runs awfully on a laptop that really should not struggle to run game aiming for late 90s graphics...Would recommend in a heartbeat if it actually ran at a playable level"
76561197989763480,Not Recommended,442780,31889873,Posted: 21 May,all,G-(er)man,WARNING!!! PLEASE BEWARE BEFORE BUYING!! EXTREMELY IMPORTANT!!This is not a real review as I and many other players cant even start this game!!! But its extremely important for any new potential  buyers!!!because i encountered the worst gamebreaking bug i have ever seen in a game and it happened to alot of people:as soon as you change your controls in the options menu you wont be able to use the main menu .. even as you REINSTALL the game it stays stuck ...  and no .. you cant select the options menu to fix the issue as you CANT SELECT IT ANYMOREI tried to reinstall this game around 6-8 times and i immediately get stuck at the main menu .. to exit it i have to force quit it every time ..you can say alot about assasins creed unity or mass effect andromeda .. but at least those games were PLAYABLE!UPDATE: newest patch today did NOT fix the issue ... i was forced to use a Xbox controller to be able to start the game from the bugged menu ..TLDR: Controller Required to play on PC
76561198039153010,Not Recommended,442780,32261969,Posted: 7 June,all,Solid,"This is a solid game with some serious handicaps.  Yes it is a rogue like, but you have to pick a main weapon and keep it with other drops being temporary.  Yes it is fair, but hits are hard and health/shields are limited.  Yes sections of levels are random, but the individual sections are not.  Yes the enemies are a threat when they are not hugging walls.  Yes there are secrets, but sometimes they glitch you into an inescapable room; whoops - that's where my review ends.  If you like struggling to make progress over an hour only to unintentionally get trapped in your own cage then this is for you."
,Recommended,442780,31827397,Posted: 18 May,all,DuaHciM,way to go Paul !
,Recommended,442780,31655727,Posted: 9 May,all,Orosa,"strafe, is the name of the game. it should of been call strafe jumps. cause that is what you will be doing, if not you will be walking back and shooting, and taking things very VERY slowly. like a ♥♥♥♥♥, Get the ♥♥♥♥ in there, scrape that place down. AND GET GOOD!all attacks can be dodge.->unless you get stuck inside a hoard of guys you tied to jump over.look this game isn't perfect, there a bugs here and there, but damn, it's been a while since a game made me feel speed. (spamn spacebar hold ""w"" key and alternate ""a"" and ""d"" keys, in a long hall way, once you feel comfy with that proceed to add turns and crowd surfing ect) and you will see what i mean.and no this isn't like quake or doom premade levels, these are randomize, with upgrades hidden with in them, but hey LEAST IT NOT ♥♥♥♥ING DOOM 4 ♥♥♥♥ING GOD DAMN UPGRAD SCREEN. why am i♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off, BECAUSE IN DOOM ♥♥♥♥ING 4 I HAVE TO PAUSE TO ♥♥♥♥ING UPGRADE MY♥♥♥♥♥♥ so much for sticking in the action. ALSO ♥♥♥♥ YOU DOOM 4 FOR MAKING ME HAVE TO WAIT 20 ♥♥♥♥ING SECONDS TO PICK UP A ♥♥♥♥ING KEY, OR WAIT FOR A ROBOT♥♥♥♥♥♥TO STOP TALKING AND OPEN THE DOOR OH LOOK WHAT THAT NO ♥♥♥♥ING CUTSENCE I HEAR PEOPLE SAY, WELL WHAT THAT ♥♥♥♥ DO YOU CALL THAT. A ♥♥♥♥ING CUTSENCE. in this you press ""E"" on a head and you pick it up. mean while you can keep moving. Or better yet, you walk over a key and it goes into your inventory, DOOM ♥♥♥♥ING 4 WHY THE ♥♥♥♥ COULDN'T YOU FIGURE THIS OUT, YOUR ♥♥♥♥ING GRANDDAD IS♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥OF AT YOU FOR ♥♥♥♥ING THIS SIMPLE♥♥♥♥♥♥UP.in short doom 4 (2016) waste your ♥♥♥♥ing time, this doesn't feel like it wants to waste your time. infact every exit door takes time to open, or.... you can spend a few bullets to shoot the computer and have it open instantly.♥♥♥♥ YOU DOOM 4 TAKE SOME NOTES.so yeah, i recomend strafe. and i recemend Doom 4 gets some updates to fix my petpeeves. but oh well. IDsoftware ain't going to be looking for reviews on a strafe steam store page. nor will they probably look in the doom review page too much time has past."
76561198017153401,Not Recommended,442780,31676992,Posted: 10 May,all,Danger2111,This game is the definition of repetitive. The first game that ive ever requeted a refund for. I might pick it up on a steam sale if it goes down to around $5.
76561197993212487,Not Recommended,442780,31702290,Posted: 12 May,all,Molasses,"The biggest problem with this game is that there are a lot of parts about it that are well done, but they seem to have forgotten to keep the core gameplay up to the same standard. The way you transiton between stages, the silly weapon mods, the atmosphere of each region are all really interesting but then you just spend your time backpedaling and shooting at the even flow of monsters trudging towards you. Not a lot of room for replay value after you beat the game, the only way to play the game different is to choose a different primary weapon or to handicap yourself if some way (like not using the missile upgrade for the MG).buy it on sale."
76561197967245932,Not Recommended,442780,31654928,Posted: 9 May,all,Raxxa,"after playing Brutal doom (mod), tis game feels a bit meh."
76561198016397464,Not Recommended,442780,31674674,Posted: 10 May,all,BigShaman,"Mmmmh no. I am old enough and played enought old school shooters in my days to say that this completely fails to be something even close to that, even after only two runs. This game is barely a mock up of those 90's glorious shooters... It's a mixbag of hippie music with enemies that are less menacing than a puppy and guns that are absolutely NOT SATISFYING. Enemies pop out from everywhere and in great numbers... What's the point? The cool thing about old school shooters is the fact that every door could lead to a different set up of enemies barrels and stuff, but in Strafe everything just comes at you as soon as you start the first level and you just have to shoot shoot shoot and guess if there is a way out. The gun effects on the enemies are just silly, they just drop blood which covers the halls... Cool but it will get old fast. I understand that the programmers wanted to make a rogue-lite, but I really think that the old school FPS format does not fit well with this kind of gaming. I guess that all those guys who love to die in super hard games will like this game, but I am too old school to get into this♥♥♥♥♥♥ My advice: get Shadow Warrior 2, Serious Sam 3, Doom (2016), Brutal Doom, Quake, Quake 2 and every other old school shooter you can find, but avoid this game. It's a waste of money and time."
,Not Recommended,442780,31711983,Posted: 12 May,all,guac,"STRAFEProsUnique graphics styleAmazing soundtrack90's commercialsBunny hopping - This game really encourages bunny hopping, and boy howdy is it good.MurderZone - You can access this by clicking the screen with two computers connecting, it's the funnest part of the game to meEaster eggs - The easter eggs in this game are really well done (and wolfenstein is my favorite).ConsGunplay is okay. - All I personally think the gunplay needs is better sounds and infinitely less swayingProgression - Nothing meaningful comes until past level 3, and to contrast with other roguelikes there is no constant progression. If you die, there is no reward no matter how far you got.Terrible AI - AI will just run down hallways, encouraging running around until you group enemies up, and then using some sort of splash damage to kill them all at once.Difficulty - I know it was advertised to be challenging, but it's only slightly if you get absolutely nothing from random drops, get unlucky and turn a corner into a pool of acid, never find the vendor, or get cornered (Which i'd argue is pretty easy to avoid, simply with how idiotic the AI is)Guns - Sometimes you get something good, sometimes you don't, doesn't matter though, you'll have to throw it away once you run out of bullets.Procedural generation - I hate procedural generation. It has seen it's overuse and then some, but fits in some games, VERY RARELY will it fit in an fps like STRAFE. I hope that they replace the procedurally generated levels with handcrafted ones, because of how inconsistent getting items and finding shops is.Map graphics - I know i said that the graphics were a plus, but I meant for the textures and shapes. The procedurally generated map layout cripples the overall uniqueness of the graphics, and makes the game look a lot more bland.tl;dr: Game is very inconsistent. Needs to ""scrap"" (see what I did there, Pixel Titans?) the procedural generation, improve the AI, lower the amount of bull that occurs (Difficulty), improve the roguelike elements, and improve the gunplay (not something huge, but don't let it be).I'd rate STRAFE as a 7/10Notes: I really want to play this game more, but it's nostalgia factor wears off very quickly. If the devs can fix problems, I will defenitely be playing this a lot as it is very promising and I don't want to dissmiss the developers right off the bat for mistakes that can be fixed.EDIT: Developers are addressing and fixing problems, really happy they haven't gotten discouraged from working on this!"
,Not Recommended,442780,31712257,Posted: 12 May,all,SkeletonDude,70% or my runs end due to bugs that stop me from progressing.
,Not Recommended,442780,31655540,Posted: 9 May,all,Yung Pretzel Rod,"Made it to the 4th level, dies, starts back at level 1."
76561198087295880,Not Recommended,442780,31943764,Posted: 24 May,all,Pegler,"This game preys on those people that are always searching for nostalgia, all they had to do was copy what they did back then, but somehow they messed it up and this game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ so don't buy it"
,Recommended,442780,31739305,Posted: 13 May,all,RussianVideoVlogGuy,this game is great no plot no story  - much like taking way to much acid: none of it makes any sense that you could possibly assemble into words because words do not exist to convey the unspeakable horrors that brought you to ths level of primordial fear but you know it is correct and not to question it & that this ever increasing power towers over your ego like an ant aproaching a sun-lit magnifying glass - your escape is hopeless -  IT CAN NOT BE DISTROYEDSO yeah if that ♥♥♥♥ is ur bag then ull lov it otherwise pass - i give it a five star reviewblood gore fast as hell   -   it is not a good looking game very ugly  -  game play is great - its not doom - its not quake so if that is what you want you will not like but it is its own animal
,Recommended,442780,31664786,Posted: 10 May,all,Tiedvalt,"it's not as good as i expected, but it still really goodpreorder bonus gun is a joke ... literally"
76561198145652841,Recommended,442780,32080960,Posted: 31 May,all,cire_07,"Good stuff, bit demanding though. Their still updating it aswell as if it were an early access, but I'm fine with that :)"
,Not Recommended,442780,31677904,Posted: 10 May,all,pH. Jin_D3vil,"STRAFE has been marketed as the 'old school' style Single Player FPS game like Quake and Doom. This made me incredibly excited for this game as I have often said that these old style games are far too few and between, and that we are missing out by not having more of them. The issue is that this game doesn't deliver on this at all, it's a Rogue-like FPS game that has the basic 'flair' of a 90's shooter and becomes too attached to the 'rogue-like' elements to be actually fun and frantic.Please note this is with around 20/30 minutes of actual play time and may not reprisent the entire game and is literally the first impressions of playing it.The core of the game is spent with a single weapon with two types of fire (from the three weapons you pick from at the start). This weapon is the entire means in which you will fight your way through Icarus, as anything you pick up is essentially a disposable 'pick-up' and the instant you run out of ammo it's tossed and you are back to your main weapon again. I took a weapon that functioned like the Unreal Tournaments Shock Rifle. The primary fire is a hitscan beam and right click alt-fire charges and releases an Orb that when shot with the primary beam explodes and kills everything in a area. The downside is the small magazine size and the need to reload often when dealing with larger groups. But the game allows bunny hopping and you can for the most part just jump over enemies and outrun them without much issue. This ends up leading them all in a conga line of death as you charge and detonate an orb, that or just rail them in the head or delimb them like some Sci-Fi lumberjack. The gore is actually quite well done, considering the pixel block style that it has, if the game played really well it would be a fitting parody of the old style games in a modern snapshot.The enemy AI isn't much to speak of either, they just tend to run at you or drop from above as with some enemies. There's little there to threaten you or cause you to be worried about death outside large swarms that will hit you by circumstance than actual threat. In some instances they have pathing issues and you are caught out by them still being alive as they were copulating with a wall until you got close enough to allow them to repath around it. The game feels empty because of this, the enemies may number on screen but it's like dealing with a larger body of targets and none of them stand out in terms of threat to make you actually invested in the moment or feel anything but repetitive busy work.The best moments in this game are when you are avoiding fire, picking up items like explosive barrels and using them quickly. This makes it feel like it's a heavy action game, where quick wits and reactions are rewarded. Akin to the early 90's shooters it actually markets itself as. But they are so reliant on you actually doing it yourself that it feels like a slow and really pedantic shooter otherwise. The 'random' nature of it doesn't allow for smart and well considered level design, where you are able to use the enviroment to your advantage. At times there are moments where you go 'Oh, if I was allowed up here, I could have done this', but that would only happen if they had designed it themselves, as you are limited by the nature of it all and that can backfire so easily.The game plays more like a really arduous task list of instructions than a shooter. Task one: You must move through and pick things off one at a time, then take a lift, or a booster up to the next area. Two: Now repeat, until level ends. This just makes it feel slow and often very pedantic, with no consideration to the over all flow of the action or the experiance of the player. If they had spent more time on it perhaps it would have been a lot more fun, but the random elements don't work in the small scale nature of the levels. The lack of weapons really limits the options for how you want to fight, at a bare minimum the three starter weapons should be default with the others being unlocked via secrets and then the drops could be split into scrap and ammo types.The quick blurb:The game tries to be too many things at once, in doing so it doesn't have the elements that at the core make any of it work. I didn't touch on the Rogue-like stuff as it wasn't really there, and the elements they took away from the shooter aren't fundimentally covered by them either so it feels like a crutch and no real flavour or twist to make it interesting to play."
76561197994491768,Recommended,442780,31664850,Posted: 10 May,all,waaRi,Game is rad as f***!The soundtrack makes you feel warm and fuzzy on the inside and the fast paced combat will make your♥♥♥♥♥♥a mineral.
76561197975464456,Recommended,442780,31649977,Posted: 9 May,all,Decoy,It is exactly what it looks like. The actual gameplay is fluid and tight. The procedural generation works well. The enemies are reasonably varied.It entirely succeeds at being what it is trying to be.
,Recommended,442780,31649945,Posted: 9 May,all,SolidOnion,It's like Dead Space but with Doomguy
76561197981806008,Recommended,442780,31666187,Posted: 10 May,all,6|10,"Reviewers really have no idea what they're talking about. Buy the game, try for 2 hours and then if you don't like it refund it."
,Recommended,442780,31658033,Posted: 9 May,all,"negative, I am a meat popsickle",Needs bugfixing otherwise it's good lmao
,Not Recommended,442780,31788329,Posted: 16 May,all,Pengu,Why would I not recommend this game to anyone?The game is not optimized for PC's that have good hardware that can run it but the frame rate drops further levels you go and the game uses Unity. I am not saying Unity is comepletely bad it's just hard to optimize a game in Unity compared to like Unreal Engine or probably even source.If you still want this game I'd wait for it to go on sale...
76561198069242702,Recommended,442780,31871331,Posted: 20 May,all,Neato,10/10I died.
,Recommended,442780,32098430,Posted: 31 May,all,EduardimusPrime,"Scrubby players don't have a lot of good to say about the game. Mostly because they probably suck at it. It's a great game that's more than worth the price. Tight controlls, bleeding edge graphics, and gore up the wazoo. Only the strong survive the RNG."
,Not Recommended,442780,31682338,Posted: 11 May,all,JulianR94,"Oh, STRAFE... Oh, deary me... Just what went wrong here?Please do bear with me. This is gonna be a more lengthy flow of consciousness, but hopefully very detailed, which I suppose is just my style. Though I am limited in allowed characters, of course.I'll be starting with the basics, namely the heavily promotedlook and general aesthetics.STRAFE does an ok job of recreating 1996 visuals, albeit with some unfitting modern quirks like the over-the-top gore effects, ragdolls and semi-procedual level design. You can clearly tell that this is modern-era made.Also, the music, while a bit repetitive, does sound nice and manages to force me to stay pumped in fights. It's not something memorable by any means, but quite decent.Alright, I don't think I really need to tell you any more about that. You most likely have already watched the trailers.Let's move on toperformance and the options menuthen.As expected, STRAFE runs with high framerates and low frametimes. It doesn't have any graphics options to speak of, other than resolution, up to 8x AA and Vsync, though I suppose that was to be expected. What I certainlyammissing, however, and quite badly, is a frame limiter. My GPU quickly ramps up temps when pushing out 300fps under full load. And I am not accepting the 16,67ms frametime when Vsynced to 60fps. That is a no-go for me in any kind of fast-paced shooter.Sadly, performance is somewhat inconsistent at the same time. The framerate will hover between 300-160 quite often, and even though that still is far from the magical 60 I think that some more optimization needs to be done.FOV can be adjusted from CoD-peasant 60 (which almost instantly makes me sick) to Quake 120, which is nice.Sound and some HUD elements can be adjusted, too. You can also adjust the pitch of your character's voice in 10 steps from Doom/Quakeguy on steroids to, I guess, Doom/Quakegirl. So if you're female, or want to be, then you can in this game.And that is that. Nothing stellar, but so far everything sounds pretty neat, doesn't it?Well, unfortunately, from here on the game really starts to fall off, as it stands currently.But let me explain, will you?So, you complete the really nice looking (only looking...) tutorial, which is presented to you in a late 80s-mid 90s sci-fi fashion. You have an attractive brunette woman with glasses evaluate your physique and explain to you what your job as a scrapper will be as scenes switch seemlessly between the filmed material and you completing some basic tasks such as throwing barrels and collecting scrap.As cool as the VHS-style clips look, however, the actual tutorial is very subpar. That is to say it's utter♥♥♥♥♥♥Best example? There are these long chests in the game world. To open them, you shoot them. You shoot once, they open up and give you scrap.At no point whatsoeveris it explained to you that you have to shoot these things multiple times to get all the scrap out of them. And this is vitally important, because you desperately need all the scrap to replenish your shields and buy ammo. I had to find that out by reading the (so far only) community guide.Another example? You are told to shoot the small chests/boxes to get upgrades. Does the tutorial tell you what they do? Of course not. These are actually weapon upgrades for your primary weapon, again something vitally important to acquire.To put it plainly, there's just an overall lack of descriptions.You can now pull up your nose and scoff, saying how much of an idiot I am.Listen, I like it when games don't try and hold my hand for the most basic nonsense. I want to discover things myself. Deus Ex, Doom, Quake, they all did that, they all let me discover and learn their secrets. But, unlike these classics, here it just is too much obstruction of basic mechanics. At least, if you're desperate to stay in canon with the video material, provide a basic subtitle or tutorial text that says ""Hey, why not shoot them multiple times? You never know what might happen."" for the scrap chests and ""You really want to get these. Enhance your tools."" for the upgrades.Too much is hidden from you, and I am talking core gameplay mechanics. Which is part of the reason why the game has gotten so many negative reviews from frustrated players. Understandably so.Well, this doesn't sound all that great anymore, right? But, Julian, what about the shooting, you ask? What about the most important thing in a first-person shooter? Is that any good, you ask? Does that really justify my purchase, you ask?Kind of. And very much kind of not. The shooting mechanics tie in with the huge problems the combat has. I shall explain carefully.You will start each new run on your own spaceship, where you will choose between three (four) primary weapons.1: Shotgun, secondary is a UT style Flak Cannon shot.2: Assault Rifle, secondary is a grenade launcher.3: Railgun, secondary is a UT style Shock Rifle energy ball.4: Wrench, has no secondary mode but all weapon upgrade boxes give out food that replenishes your health. (The method to get it, by the way, is in no way explained or alluded to)The primary weapons are the only weapons to feature a secondary fire mode and the need to be reloaded. They have proper magazines (for some dumb reason) and consume your overall ammo. All the other guns you pick up in the levels are merely ""throwaway"" weapons with one clip to shoot and then finally using them to bash an enemy's head in. There are no ammo pickups for the rocket launcher or semiauto grenade launcher, for example.Now, the shotgun feels alright-ish, the railgun feels alright-ish, but the assault rifle/SMG feels pretty horrible. And to tell you why, let's dive into the combat and, perhaps even more importantly, the ""level design"". You teleport to the first semi-procedually made map without any loading times by entering the teleporter in your ship.So here we are, the beautiful Icarus. Actually, not so much. As you would expect, the 1996 graphics don't really make the disgustingly hideous interiors of a massive scrapper's ship any better. But that's not the problem.The problem is the utterly terrible room seed, at least on the Icarus (so, the first 3 maps). It gets a little bit better later, but not by much. Not only do rooms quickly repeat, they are alsoWAYtoo small. As soon as you exit the starting room, you are almost instantly swarmed by over a dozen melee enemies and several ranged ones.Think Serious Sam. But whereas in that you 99% of the time fight in open areas or massive spaces, here you are confined. So you immediately try to focus all the enemies in a bunch before blasting them with your secondary firing mode. You constantly run backwards. And since the shotgun is, really, the single usable weapon, and even that has to be reloaded and lacks punch, more often than not the brainless enemies trap you in a corner and quickly kill you. Add to that, the enemies have too much health. And with the sheer numbers of them...I'd like to go into more detail, but other reviewers have already done so. And Steam won't allow me to write more.Bottom line:STRAFE is not terrible, and I'll play it more, but it mixes subpar rogue-lite with subpar arcade shooter elements, culminating in a total mismatch of design philosophies. Rogue-lites need big rooms, which STRAFE doesn't offer. Arcade shooters need good level design and interesting, diverse enemies, which STRAFE doesn't offer. You can see where this is going.If I were to rate this, keep in mind I hate arbitrary scores, I'd give it a 4/10. As it stands now, it is not even average. It is subpar.However, if the small dev team now works with the feedback and really puts effort into refining the mechanics and adjusting some things, I certainly can see a 7/10 game or even an 8/10. Bigger room sizes or fewer enemies, i.e., would instantly make this a 6/10 for me. And at 6/10, I'd think about recommending."
,Recommended,442780,31669424,Posted: 10 May,all,NinjaTurtlelini,"Give it time, they will fix all bugs and crashes soon. I made it to the 4th level, but then the game crashed. They just released it guys relax! This game is very fun, I cannot wait till it runs smoother."
,Recommended,442780,32131052,Posted: 2 June,all,marshmallowmachete,"This game is excellent.  There are a few slight glitches mainly at the end of level loading screens but I'm confident this will be sorted in future updates and it isn't too much of a problem.  This isn't like Doom or Quake, this is more of a roguelike fps.  There aren't any cutscenes, fmv's or hand holding, you have to get good at this game to feel like a badass, the game isn't gonna do it for you.  I assume that's what all the negative reviews are about, basically people who can't be bothered to play the game and get good at it.  I'd say I've played only around 5 hours in total (a few hours on a friends account included) and I've only ever got to level 4.  This is a game I'm going to go back to again and again until I complete it, just like old school games used to be.  The killing of the enemies is very satisfying with limbs and blood flying everywhere not to mention there are a bunch of secrets in this game and I've barely found any yet.  I'm looking forward to seeing the rest of the levels and dying over and over again trying.  Here's a video of my best run and it's still not that good!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f4eIC8YhuUk"
,Recommended,442780,31655819,Posted: 9 May,all,KrK ColeusRattus,My first look video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5MlU_kN9eeQ&feature=youtu.be
,Not Recommended,442780,31661055,Posted: 10 May,all,Kaspu011,I was expecting this game to be bad and I was still disappointed. First zone has only 4 different enemies and all of them have really simple AI and this game is nothing like the old fps games. It's also really badly optimized (lags more than doom 2016)
,Not Recommended,442780,33370505,Posted: 8 July,all,Frodo Swaggins,"YO BEEP BEEP WHO NEEDS STRAFE NOW DUSK PRE-ORDER IS AVAILABLE SOON IF YOU PRE-ORDER DUSK YOU GET EPISODE 1 AND THE FIRST ENDLESS LEVEL.i kinda like this game but im worried it'll never be the game it was supposed to be. RNG is not a good idea for something thats supposed to be so hardcore. There may as well be health pickups big and small scattered around the place and not some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ health station with sandwiches. You either get 50 hp back or you get 20, which is pretty lame considering they;re super rare. Armour is more or less a second healthbar instead of a bonus that reduces damage, so its super rare/expensive too. The guns are really nice though, i like the mechanic of the 3 weapons that become better and better when you find the upgrade stations. However cool gunplay and a funky gore system cant stop me from feeling this game will remain incomplete until the devs make a second strafe or overhaul the entire game and give it actual levels."
,Not Recommended,442780,31753578,Posted: 14 May,all,Urmanin,"The definitive guide to beating the game first try without dying once:1) Take the shotgun or the railgun. If you picked shotgun, upgrade it to the double barrel if you encounter the upgrade station in the first 3 levels. Otherwise, do not upgrade your default guns - they are the strongest weapons you will get, especially the railgun and its altfire.2) Take it slow: being fast makes you die fast. Funnel enemies into corridoors and shoot them.3) Save up scrap for the 6000 50-shield item. Never convert scrap into credits.3a) Unless the shop has regen - the only good item.4) Get perks from all over the place to further reduce difficulty. This will make your railgun fire as fast as a machinegun by the end, dividing anything you encounter by zero from across the map.5) Beat the game.Spoilers: final boss dies in less than one minute.Honestly, games like Ziggurat, Immortal Redneck and DESYNC do what this game does much better.Oh, and this game runs like garbage compared to the above games despite looking worse than Quake."
76561198053406577,Not Recommended,442780,35479883,Posted: 4 October,all,Douchieus,"I really like this game, so I'll change the review once my grievances are patched out.Gameplay is amazing, I love the asthetics and soundtrack but the glitches and bugs are just unbearable.I always start with the railgun and many times when you start a new level it won't shoot properly and will do almost 0 damage, not even enough to break boxes. I try reloading and a lot of other things and eventually it will start working but it's a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥Same goes for a lot of the secondaries, will not fire reliably.Lastly, after putting in 1hr48m into a run and beating The Burbs (not on easy) my game dropped to less than 5 fps for no ♥♥♥♥ing reason so doing anything was impossible but when you pause the game magically the menu works no problem. I seriously doubt my $3000 gaming rig is the problem.Fix these problems and I'll gladly change my review but the fps drops and memory leaks make it literally impossible to progress sometimes. I'd call that a game breaking bug."
,Recommended,442780,31669989,Posted: 10 May,all,HaloLoguic [WCMOM],"99% of all the reviews are of butthurt people expecting something this game isnt. In my short time playing I was hooked instantly and I would urge all those who would say this game is bad to change their views I have to say this game is very fun I find my self charging into hordes for fun and strafing around them it is quite fun,in conclusion I give this game a 10/10 thank you for your time."
76561198017063239,Recommended,442780,31654358,Posted: 9 May,all,SealfaceSexton,I like it.
,Recommended,442780,35424682,Posted: 2 October,all,farellfoxx,I hope the camera/mouse sensitivity is fixed.Maybe now I'll get past the first level with this new update.
76561198195345935,Recommended,442780,32200643,Posted: 5 June,all,GoldenGoron,"God like soundtrack, randomly generated, and the best trailer I've seem for a game what else can I say. Even though there seems to be quite a bit of negative thoughts on this game, I can saw say that this is a really solid game and they have been updating it quite a bit (Did I mention the soundtrack is God like)."
,Not Recommended,442780,31673036,Posted: 10 May,all,Slam My Spicy Spagooter,"Let's talk about Strafe.Strafe is a game I really want to like. It's got a certain charm to it that reels you in. When you start up the game, you start in a sort of cockpit where all the menu options are interactive parts of the ship. The tutorial has this 90s charm to it, which is persistent throughout the entire game. It leaves a really great first impression.And then you start playing the game.I can't say it's not fun, especially for the first few runs through. The music is great and really puts you in the mood, you're blasting the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of these random sloth things and robots and all that fun stuff, but then you realize there's only like 4 enemy types. While there are more added as you get more regions in the game, it starts to get repetitive IMMEDIATELY. On top of that, the AI isn't all that intuitive. Enemies walk directly at you, even the ranged ones. This breaks immersion on the spot. Every enemy I've faced in the game is like this, even in the 3rd zone. Admittedly I haven't made it to the 4th, but I doubt it'll change.Let's talk about the level design. This game does the same thing that many games of the genre does, which is fine. It's advertised as randomly generated, but that's only partially true. It sort of takes little parts and compenents of levels that are mashed together, and as a result the game doesn't flow well at all. This is espcially true once you're out of the first area, as after the corridors are gone and the game opens up, you get stuff coming at you from every direction. Most deaths feel cheap as a result of this, and the game starts to feel very same-y after the 10th run or so.One of my biggest issues with the game is the complete and total lack of information about items and upgrades. Whenever you pick up an upgrade, buy an item, or upgrade your weapon at these little randomly placed weapon stations, there's no text or guidance on what anything you got actually does. I get this is a roguelike game and that you're supposed to find things out yourself, but there's NO excuse for a complete and total lack of information and guidance outside of the basic controls. It just ends up being an annoyance and truly hinders the experience.On top of this, the game is buggy. We're not talkin like weird ragdoll buggy, either, I've had multiple gamebreaking bugs over the 5 hours I've played. Stuff like flames being in front of ladders, preventing me from progressing and ending my run, to falling through the map and having all the enemies being stuck in T-pose for the entire run with none of them trying to attack me, to having health stations be in areas that are completely out of reach. This isn't early access either, which it definitely should be. This game isn't even close to being stable.TL;DR: This game is a dissapointment. It's a buggy, repetitive, and is an overall negative experience. It feels like it needed another 6 months of development. If you want a game like this, go buy Immortal Redneck. Does what this game aimed to 10 times better."
,Not Recommended,442780,32033510,Posted: 28 May,all,Samastic,"It's just kind of boring, nothing really sticks out and gameplay becomes real dull real fast."
76561198047286285,Not Recommended,442780,33506950,Posted: 13 July,all,Horatio Svetlana,"There are reviews pointint out that this game plays nothing like Quake or Doom, with enemies that run full tilt at you so fast you have no choice but to very carefully herd them into hallways.The final reason I put this game down is because enemy monster closets will just open behind you and swarm you with nigh unavoidable damage, and the framerate is♥♥♥♥♥♥ This is unacceptable in a game that looks like this graphically. Do not buy this game, it is not good."
,Recommended,442780,35429810,Posted: 2 October,all,sunRise,yes
,Recommended,442780,32134585,Posted: 2 June,all,Dr4w,well its not like quake like it said it was BUT this is not a bad game for what it is.
,Not Recommended,442780,31816023,Posted: 17 May,all,scaryred24,Don't buy this game. It's No Man's Sky all over again. I am very diapointed with the final product.
,Not Recommended,442780,35477571,Posted: 4 October,all,S7.RainbowDash,"Pretty bad game, gun sounds like trash, but that wouldn't be that much of an issue if the gun audio wasn't breaking as soon as you have a gun with too high of a fire rate. Game is nothing like quake, no bunny hop, strafe jump, no speed, game is slow, easy and very boring. There isn't really any variety in ennemy types, weapons, upgrades and items. No bosses between levels is pretty lame. Game looks horrible. Got a refund, if you want a good roguelike, there are much better options out there."
,Recommended,442780,31648997,Posted: 9 May,all,BrassBass,"I have been waiting for this game for years, and the wait was worth it!  The music is freaking incredible, and the game runs great!  The enemies seem fair (not bullet sponges or in unmanagable numbers) and spew lots of bloody bits when you blow their brains out!The gun sound effects need work and they could do with a little more feedback.  Also, maybe add a little bit more health items to the first few levels (just a few)."
,Recommended,442780,31813894,Posted: 17 May,all,Klusignolo,meem
,Recommended,442780,31650543,Posted: 9 May,all,@man_©iman,"STRAFE tells me to...-Bunnyhopping to avoid melee attacker-Always YOLO-Reload Gud Dammit.....-Always conserve ammo..*Technically my fault for spamming ammo*HERES MY REVIEW ON THIS GAME...Basically the game that gives you many nostalgic games such as Doom classic,wolfenstein and many other games that you've played since childhood... As you can see,,it is also a combination of modern games like the Dead Space itself...If you are already master most of the high difficulty of the old games...then i highly recommend you to play this game if you are up for a challenge.......From My first hour playing this game....My weapon choice is the sub machinegun because it can shoot headshot with a bullet and also conserve your ammo.If you are a pro,you should use a railgun for moderate and shotgun for pro players.In my opinion,the game lacks of ammo,armor and health drop..The price at the scarp station is too expensive that it also gives you 15 armor for 3000 scarp   *cant remember XD* and 50 armor for 6000..Plus...Where are the pre-order gun????Eventually i always died after the Icarus map......Overalll,i give 6/10 recommendation for this game and i  hope that the developers should balance this game....."
76561197970634851,Recommended,442780,31649086,Posted: 9 May,all,doc_block,"I really enjoy this game. It's worth pointing out that it's a Roguelike/Rogue-lite first, '90s shooter second, and mostly does a good job of getting the right mix (picking up barrels and throwing them at enemies never gets old).Since a lot of people don't know what being a Roguelike means, it means the game has things like:- Permadeath. If you die, that's it, game over. You have to start from the beginning, unless you've found and installed all the teleporter parts for a given area (each part you install is persistent across deaths), in which case you can start from the beginning of that zone.- No saves. Otherwise you could get around permadeath.- Randomized levels. You die a lot, and having to replay the same level over and over would get boring. Sometimes the randomizer is unfair, like most Roguelikes.- Weapons start out weak and puny and get ridiculously powerful via upgrades as you progress. Some upgrades have downsides, like all Roguelikes.- Choices you make, such as your primary weapon and upgrades, are something you're stuck with for the whole run, good or bad.Like most Roguelikes, the more you play Strafe the more you will discover. Some items only appear after a few runs. Others, like the teleporter parts necessary to repair a zone's teleporter so you can start over at that zone instead of the very beginning of the game, require multiple runs to get them all."
76561198141855202,Recommended,442780,33775547,Posted: 24 July,all,Mr.lol,BEST GAME EVER
76561197963764675,Not Recommended,442780,31681437,Posted: 11 May,all,kraken v4,"Simply put, I just can't even be bothered playing the game due to its horrid framerate issues. Until that's fixed I won't even begin reviewing mechanics."
,Not Recommended,442780,32653968,Posted: 22 June,all,Zaph,"FPS Dark Souls with guns, except everything needs so much scrap plus it's completely unfair...What makes this more bs is that you only live once. Near impossible to play. Easy ragequit if you went far on the game, and suddenly you die. Best to just wait till they finally decide to make this game more playable. Gonna be refunding this, since I highly doubt I would even play this again.If you want a better alternative, go play around with the Doom roguelike mod for Zandronum using Oblige to generate levels.I just don't think making a permadeath game this hard is a good idea at all."
,Not Recommended,442780,34997080,Posted: 16 September,all,Xenomorph,Example of a game where the 1990s inspired advertisements were much better than the game. Extremely misleading as it presents itself as a homage to Doom and Quake games of the 1990s. Needs an option to turn the roguelike elements off.
,Recommended,442780,31651257,Posted: 9 May,all,FUNKANIC,"Re-edit: There's a lot of hate from a lot of salty gamers out there, don't believe the pitchforks, this game is the good stuff.Edit: I'm still right.BEST GAME EVER HAPPY FUN TIME GO PLUS MEGA HYPER SPEEDRUN SUPER YES!https://youtu.be/gYvrrWyogdo"
76561198345330244,Not Recommended,442780,35132915,Posted: 22 September,all,Enslayve,"Strafe is the prime example of 'Look we made this super hard and awesome game! But oh, wait, it's actually just really really unfair and annoying as a result'.The primary reason is the amount of enviromental hazards, just no, they just suck and i hate them and i will never start the game again, ♥♥♥♥ em.Map and level 'design' are a mess too.if you have an insanely thick skin and you are pretty much immune to being ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tted into death, then maaaaaybe buy this game.EVERYONE ELSE, stay away."
,Recommended,442780,31737613,Posted: 13 May,all,I'm Horny_,Game sucks
76561198117287235,Not Recommended,442780,31777453,Posted: 15 May,all,Savage Duck,"Was nothing like i thought it was going to be, No where ( where i looked ) did they ever say the game was going to be rouge like.They imo showed me a game that was going to be fast pace and action gorefest like classic Doom, yet all i got was random maps and same♥♥♥♥♥♥over and over. Plus you can't even sprint?Any way if you like games like Rouge Lagacy or the such pick it up if you are looking for Doom? well im sorry its not here, just the sounds are"
,Recommended,442780,31648812,Posted: 9 May,all,Mr CL,"> Went to options to see if everything was in order> Spot an ""Make Strafe worse"" option> ...Strafe is 10/10 and I haven't even tried it yet"
,Not Recommended,442780,35468438,Posted: 4 October,all,OPPAI-INARI,"This game is well-crafted but poorly-designed. It misses the mark (emulating 1990s shooters) in almost every way possible. Strafe bills itself as a love-letter to 1990s FPS games. It is not that. It is not even remotely that. The presentation is all wrong (the HUD is presented semi-realistically as if it were part of a helmet, which classic FPS games never did), the levels are procedurally generated (which could be cool but ends up just making everything look samey), and worst of all, YOU ONLY GET ONE GUN!Yes, really. You can pick up more guns, but you cannot get ammo for them. You only get to hold and keep one gun. The weapons themselves feel alright, but I just can't understand the reasoning behind only allowing players to have one gun to keep for the duration of a run. I would rather the game let me discard my weapon to take up a new one rather than tease me with ten-shot pickups. Blah, what a mess.The game has some decent qualities. Like most ""retro"" indie games, the faux-retro styling primarily serves as an excuse for the low-detail art assets. The art itself, at least from what I saw, is fairly coherent theme-wise and acceptable in terms of quality, although it manages to simultaneously be too detailed for old games and too vague for a modern game. The sound design is pretty OK, enemy noises are a little bland but the weapon reports are pretty good.I think if you're into FPS games and want something that sorta feels like a classic FPS but doesn't really play like one, Strafe might hit the mark. Actual fans of classic Doom-engine, Quake-engine, and BUILD-engine should stay far away from this title though."
76561198007982650,Not Recommended,442780,31726886,Posted: 13 May,all,jeanphe,Try-hard millenial ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
,Not Recommended,442780,31695309,Posted: 11 May,all,Ruto,utterly boring
,Recommended,442780,31648647,Posted: 9 May,all,Blue ★ Striped Panties,"Crank up that sensitivity, jam that FOV to the max, and send yourself on a blood soaked adrenaline rush."
,Not Recommended,442780,31681585,Posted: 11 May,all,Fogo,This is not what we all expected.
76561198045277062,Not Recommended,442780,32244656,Posted: 7 June,all,kolyden,not recommended
,Recommended,442780,31649049,Posted: 9 May,all,kababowie,Wow! True Old School shooter.. strafe jump and rule!
76561197982455357,Recommended,442780,31648564,Posted: 9 May,all,Rorke,I lived my whole life for this one moment to play this one game.  HOLY HELL! This is the best FPS rougelike I've ever played.
76561198221986892,Not Recommended,442780,32279209,Posted: 8 June,all,FOOD FIGHTER,Game will start but wont let me play.
,Not Recommended,442780,32078135,Posted: 30 May,all,Tehcarlzor,I REALLY wanted to like this game. I do not like this game.
,Recommended,442780,31649195,Posted: 9 May,all,It's the GREATH pumpkin H-Dog,this game is good game
76561198089730570,Not Recommended,442780,35425436,Posted: 2 October,all,Ebolamorph,"A game sold on false advertisement and the developer has repeatedly censored descent on their forums under the guise of ""not having a topxic community"" whilst similtaniously IGNOIRING the more toxic pro dev posts. This """"""""""""""""developer"""""""""""""""" deserves bankruptcy. Also the procedural level generation WILL eventually end some of your runs. Avoid like you avoid catching ebola or aids.I would rather sh|t logs of pure corn than buy this game againIf your response to a review is an angry one, then chances are im right. The most critical responses tend to get the mnost angry responses from the most rabid of fanboys. By making angry posts yall are only proving me right"
,Not Recommended,442780,32088850,Posted: 31 May,all,Τίτος Αλεπού,Eat♥♥♥♥
76561198257553388,Not Recommended,442780,31694017,Posted: 11 May,all,Trans Squids Are A Sin,There's no minigun... (Instant Refund)
76561198179342283,Not Recommended,442780,35439824,Posted: 3 October,all,Ingre,"Boring!- Enemies are spawning out of nowhere. You get hit by everything. (random♥♥♥♥♥♥- There are no medi kits? Where are the medi kits? (I found only one life/food supply in the entire level, which gives you 50 lives (of max 100).)- You gather trash! <irony>Oh, boy, I'm so excited to gather trash!</irony> (Why not at least heads of your enemies?)- Your rifle has 25 bullets. After every second kill you have to reload. (Remember old days where you didn't have to reload at all!)- Massive blood must be an indicator of your firepower and not an indicator of minor wounds!- I had to play the tutorial to find out, what to do and where to get ammunition! The tutorial!!!!! (Remember, when ammo and medi kits were just lying around and you had to walk over it to pick it up? Well, this was tooooo intuitive for this game, I guess!)- Why can't I choose weopons by pressing 1, 2, 3, ... keys? Instead I have to scroll the mouse wheel.- ...All of this points make the game tedious. I don't believe the devs can fix this, since they seem not to have the needed mentality. (Another example is, the menu shows arrow keys for selection, but instead you have to use w and s to select. How can you ♥♥♥♥ this up?! Why dont you show w, s, instead of ↑ and ↓ ???)"
,Not Recommended,442780,31648750,Posted: 9 May,all,Genebris,Can't change aspect ratio.
76561198048011938,Recommended,442780,32799710,Posted: 25 June,all,Weeksdw,ITS FUN! but its endless waves so it losses its sparkle in time. i like the music as well. i do wish it was multiplayer though.
,Recommended,442780,32746000,Posted: 24 June,all,Gwyndion,"Fans of the original Quake may like this game. It has some very cool retro touches, the intro tutorial video looks like it was recorded in hte 80's on VHS, the gore and bodies pile up, it's basically a bit like a budget version of Quake 1 done as a rogue-like with random levels.  I'm really having fun with it."
76561198348009926,Recommended,442780,32857505,Posted: 27 June,all,The son of danny devito,Not a bad game by any means just give it some time there is one glitch which maybe on purpose it could use some patching but it is difficult game at times yet the ai could use some work
,Recommended,442780,32654335,Posted: 22 June,all,Perfect Storm,"==UPDATED==Few things right and wrong with this game...+ Retro Look+ Good music+ Noods to the classics- Needs ballance level wise i.e. the 1-3 door way is BAD with the rush of DMG.* Make Level entrys safe. Scraper, upgrades or ect every level entry or exit.- Health and armor pick ups dont exist reliably, chip dmg means you can be dead fast.* Remove blind DMG traps, they SUCK.- No progression, You die thats it. it was pointless...- Have to save guns because you are stuck with your main...all game long...* Let us have ammo for alt guns even a bit on pick up for the main gun, thats a one trick pony.* A 1-9 weapon wheel would be 5 star."
,Recommended,442780,33155164,Posted: 2 July,all,Saucetin,"It really isn't that bad. The only things that♥♥♥♥♥♥me off are the fact you can't save your game and autoreload isn't exactly as you would expect. Other than that, it's pretty good, and these are certainly not points against buying it."
,Recommended,442780,33020155,Posted: 29 June,all,Foxxo does a communism,"It's very fun, but at teh same time very flawed. I recommend buying it when on a sale, it isn't worth full price."
76561198077192613,Not Recommended,442780,31739173,Posted: 13 May,all,RichardG,"Alright. I originally left a positive review of this game (see below), but after having had to end 3 different runs due to different bugs, I can't honestly advise anyone to buy this game at this point. Which is a shame because I really like the game. It is fun to play, has good mechanics, and is just entertaining. But with the amount of bugs I've encountered I couldn't tell anyone to purchase this game in its current state.All of the bugs I've encountered are after the first 3 levels, so they didn't come up initially.---ORIGINAL REVIEW---Ok, so I'm not digging a lot of the hate for this game. It is far from perfect, don't get me wrong, but I'm going to give my own opinion about a lot of the points that this game is being nailed for.1) ""It's not like Quake!""Yes, that's true. It has about as much in common with the original Quake as a Pop-Tart have with a sandwich (think about it, there are SOME similarities, but you wouldn't really compare the two). It has gibs, bunny-hopping and rocket-jumping, but the core experience is way different. There is a humor to this game that was not at all a part of Quake, as well as the game is proceduraly-generated so there is no true level memorization.2) ""The game discourages the fast play shown in the trailers and you just end up funneling enemies!""Well, that certainly is a way to play the game, and yes, at times that can be a safe strategy. I played like that myself for my first couple of runs. But as you start getting used to it, your confidence increases and you can start playing a lot faster and begin ""speedrunning"" levels. Give it time and you can effectively play as fast as you're comfortable with. Now, when health is low you'll definitely play safer, but I think given the permadeath aspect, it builds good tension.3) ""Simple enemies make no sound and sneak up on me!""True. This is REALLY annoying when you first start playing. But if you're complaining about not being able to play fast, then why are you standing still to get snuck up on in the first place? ;)Keeping momentum going will handle this and eventually it will become second-nature to check your 6 from time to time.4) ""My run was &#@^%ed up because of a game-breaking bug!""This hasn't happened to me yet (now it has and it sucks), but if it does happen to you then there's no excuse for that. I know the dev just released a patch. Hopefully this fixes some of the issues.Look, if you're going to go into this game looking for pure nostalgia, then there is little to be had. This game doesn't capture the feeling of mid 90's shooters well enough to deliver that. The game's marketing is at fault for setting this particular expectation.Now, if you just play it for what it is, I think you'll have a lot of fun with it. This is not a bad game by any means and I think it's worth the $20 they are asking for (provided they speedily patch any issues). There is a surprising amount of depth and strategy to be uncovered and the game gets more fun the better you get at it. Did you bunny-hop and rocket-jump to victory your first time playing Quake? No. You got wrecked the first few times. Then you got better and the game became more fun. So it is with Strafe.I recommend this game to those who like fast, FPS games and are looking for something different."
,Recommended,442780,31694027,Posted: 11 May,all,Lolcatty [>'']>,"Strafe is a game that is a call back to 90s shooters. It's aesthetic can't be matched elsewhere. I did before not recommend this game because of lag spikes, however this can be fixed by making sure that your drivers are up to date.The soundtrack is stupid good to where I'd just want to come back and play this to listen to the music. Unlike other rougelikes, you can build teleporters that help get you farther in the map.Currently my only two gripes about this game is that.-Key based doors-Quiet enemies"
76561198079505130,Not Recommended,442780,31655351,Posted: 9 May,all,Daft Walrus,Good soundtrack and old VHS style. Thats it.
76561198092813127,Not Recommended,442780,31658382,Posted: 9 May,all,BuzzBomb,"I'm gonna go ahead and say I honestly love this game more than I thought I was going to. It genuinely is a lot of fun to play, it feels very challenging and it makes me feel like a badass when I complete a level. HOWEVER, there are many flaws (that very well may be fixed in the future). One would be bugs, which are expected on the day of release. Like I said, this game is very challenging, so when you're three levels deep, and your heart is pounding like crazy because you have no ammo or health,(which I'll get into) it can be VERY frustrating to randomly die from acid that isn't there, or falling through the ground. Now, ammo vendors are extremely rare, and health pickups are even more so, leaving you running away from all enemies searching for pickups, or cowering in a corner. Another problem in my opinion is the way the levels are setup. It makes it feel like a game you can go pick up on your smartphone for free, you go as far as you can, and when you die, it all completely starts over. I feel like this should be an extra game mode like the murder room mode. Overall though, I honesstly enjoy this game, I'm probablyy going to refund it until I hear better things, I just think it needs a few improvements/updates before I buy it again.I would give this 3 and a half stars."
,Recommended,442780,31658458,Posted: 9 May,all,LazlowMorphine,Has a Wolfenstein mini game.
,Recommended,442780,31653320,Posted: 9 May,all,dougan,"Enemies should have some sort of ai that involves moving around and not just following you. The mindless mmo style aggro that there is now is awfuly boring and too easy. It also kills the pacing.Enemies could drop health/ammo that disappears quickly. This will encourage actually moving around the level while fighting. It will solve pickup guns not having a worthwhile ammo reserve. It will also solve the problem with finding health. The food stations could be a nice side-bonus of health, instead of the main method of healing.I mostly think a better AI would make this game a lot more fun. Foes that try dodge gunfire, flank you, or take cover would make a huge difference.I changed my review from negative to positive because I really enjoy playing this. I want it to become better. I want this game to be successful."
,Not Recommended,442780,31654497,Posted: 9 May,all,Pjamies,"TLDR: wait for updates or a deep sale.I had really high expectations for this game. I watched the All-Star trailer when it released and it had me hooked, then i avoided all other promotional materials until release day. I was AMPED! From what I understood, I was getting and old school styled shooter with rougue like elements. I was going to be rocking through this game as I had through DOOM countless of times, and the best part was, with the randomized level layouts I would never know what to expect!Strafe is not what I wanted. Every enemy behaves the same. Evil gremlin dudes with crowbars? run at you. Evil armored gremlins with crowbars? Turret sentries that fire yellow plasma? run at you while firing. The only enemies that I saw any variation in was the garbage shoot looking things on the walls that fired a kind of goop. But that leads into another issue, level hazards. The goopage shoots upon death spurt out acid blood that stains the floor and damages you. Neat right? the acid blood that the ejaculate when killed however when met with random level layouts can mean that you are forced to take damage in order to proceed. This also can happen with the fire that appears randomly on the burning Icarus station. The flames will appear in tight corridors or meshed with ladders meaning if you want to advance you're gonna get burned.Fire arms also don't seem to have much impact, making everything seem like a standard bullet thrower, albeit sometimes the projectiles will be green or blue. There is also no melee for your player character. But that's cool? DOOM didn't either. But since every enemy in Strafe will chase your♥♥♥♥♥down and corner you, God help you if get caught reloading. Speaking of reloading, every weapon in the game has limited ammo. The ammo is represented by a large number of clips above your ammo counter, everytime you reload you will dump your current clip (ammo inside included) and snap in a fresh one. Obviously since there is no melee you want to be ready every time you enter a new room with a full clip ready to fight some bad guys, but since you are penalized for for reloading you want to be especially careful about dumping off rounds you may need. This often ends with you being cornered by an army of enemies while you reload your weapon and pray you dont get hit too many times.This is just a few of the issues that i encountered as i played. I did not have any technical issues that I have seen other players reporting, but I also didnt have the fun either. In the hour that I did play I also ran into a few of the same level layouts I had already died in, but your mileage may vary. To summarize: wait for updates or a fairly deep discount. hope that this will help."
,Not Recommended,442780,31650207,Posted: 9 May,all,Sebbern,"Incredibly mediocre game, it's a pity really as I was looking forward to it. Might be enjoyable for a few hours until the flavor runs out and all the flaws become noticeable."
,Recommended,442780,31653143,Posted: 9 May,all,Daiman,"Overall I think the game has potential. If they open up modding, it can be absolutely fantastic. Everyone wanted the game to be something and mods can achieve just that.Besides modding, multiplayer coop is something that would really spice things up nicely. Maybe a zombie mode with turret building would be great.But I still like the game and think it's pretty fun. It's exactly what I expected. Rouge-like, fast shooter that tests your patience and decisiveness."
,Recommended,442780,31649533,Posted: 9 May,all,[G4G]Jayandsilentb0b,"vv-1n gun is too OP, please nerf."
76561198021735883,Not Recommended,442780,31650833,Posted: 9 May,all,Sakysen,"Just didn't live up to the hype from the trailers, gun play felt really weak... and the game justwasn't fun.Refunding now"
,Not Recommended,442780,31650896,Posted: 9 May,all,Deadhunt49,Just wait for DUSK
,Recommended,442780,31650358,Posted: 9 May,all,LaneMax,YES!
,Recommended,442780,31649522,Posted: 9 May,all,Buschguy,Accidently started my 1st run without picking up a weapon and now my entire family is dead ...
76561198047238373,Recommended,442780,34007163,Posted: 3 August,all,phantomkiss65,"This was a tough one for me. Like many others, I got hyped up over the idea of a new 1996-style FPS game in 2017. What STRAFE ended up being is a roguelike with a 1996 visual style. That in itself isn't a bad thing, as the game is a rush to play and pulls off the early low-poly 3D shooter aesthetic quite well.Be warned though, it is tough as hell; it took me quite a while to get past the first few levels. That would be fine except the enemy AI is quite dumb; most monsters simply rush at you, and often you see monsters just standing idle because you have not gotten within their detection range. Instead, the game makes up in challenge by dumping hoards of enemies at you to overwhelm you. Plus, health packs and armor are scarce throughout each level, so every bit of damage you take really counts.AI issues aside, I still had a blast playing STRAFE, as its fast-paced and cool-looking with a nice variety of weapons and upgrades. Plus the soundtrack is great; I ended up finding the album on Google Play Music. There's not many modes to the game (no multiplayer is a big disappointment), but then again its not a full-priced FPS either. There are better shooters out there, but if you're looking for a quick mindless shooter and dig the art style, give STRAFE a try."
76561198150170914,Recommended,442780,33984865,Posted: 2 August,all,popcorn123,666/10 Would turn tool of death into holocaust machine again.
,Recommended,442780,34030631,Posted: 4 August,all,YADANGUS,"I have a lot of problems with this game but, in my eyes, the core gameplay loop is fun enough that i don't regret my time spent with STRAFE. It may not be for you. If you want a pure 90's throwback FPS, this probably isn't the game for you. If you like frantic rogue-likes/FPS's, you will probably like if not love STRAFE. I would definitely reccomend this on sale and mayybee at full price if you really like shooters and want something frantic that punishes mistakes pretty heavily.A couple of my main problems1) The secrets are better than the main game is.2) STRAFE's worst level is it first one. To me, it really starts to pick up at world 3, which is the one where the game really shines. It also has the best music of the whole game.3) Some performance bugs, I also get some pretty nasty flame drops on the last world.4) WHY IS THERE FALL DAMAGE WHY5)Personal nitpick but I want the fuzzy LCD effect from the tutorial as a graphics option. The ""make strafe worse"" option is just ugly in my opinion, I would love for a patch for this, (0/10 literally unplayable)Those things out of the way, the shooting does feel very good once you get into the thick of it. I respect STRAFE enough to spell it in all caps and enough to want it to get out of the dreaded ""Mixed Reviews"" realm.7/10 yea it's pretty good fam"
76561198038648060,Recommended,442780,33959664,Posted: 1 August,all,Immortan Joe,"This game is great, made it only 4 sections so far died as soon as I hit athena or artemis level couldn't remember the name but its great if you've got a mad craving for some quick gorey shooting. For those who say you don't need to strafe you clearly don't make it far in the game."
,Not Recommended,442780,31657439,Posted: 9 May,all,Elo Rosco,BoooooooringDusk is 100 times better than this♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198140104608,Recommended,442780,33559097,Posted: 15 July,all,Helperoni+TheBorhito,"I'm going to echo the sentiment that the initial disappointment stemmed mostly from the expectations set by the marketing. That said, STRAFE is fast paced, challenging but not unfair, has a huge variety of guns and enemies, and its roguelike elements are solid as well. This is a great game to put on if you're feeling nostalgic for old school shooters like Quake, or if you just want to turn off your brain and get into some quick, satisfying shooting action."
,Recommended,442780,32941314,Posted: 28 June,all,v2446v,"really fun simulator of scrap collector with a revolutionary mechanic to its genre called ""commit-a-genocide-worse-than-hitler""almost got to the end, but then my character got sad midcombat and commited suicide because he bassicaly commited a 1 man genocide mission when all he was supposed to do was scavange the metals10/10 would go metal collecting like that irl"
76561198064475058,Recommended,442780,31656314,Posted: 9 May,all,quebstion_mark,"Just want to start off by saying this game is both completely different from what the ads make you believe while also being exactly like that at the same time. Confusing? Let me explain:First off the commercials are hilarious and completely absurd but one consistent thing is that they try and make you think it's a classic style shooter such as DOOM/Quake, and it's mostly not. This is an FPS roguelike at its core and you WILL die. A lot more times than you'd like, probably. You start off with one main weapon (out of 4 available options) that you can reload and restock with more clips, but you can also find pickup weapons along the way that are pretty strong and unique but only have 1 clip. So there's an element of randomness thrown in too that might frustrate some people.But honestly the gameplay itself is very classic fast paced shooter style. There's a pretty simple and understandable (thank god) strafing system that allows you to greatly increase speed as you fly through levels, even though I'm sure you've read numerous reviews saying the game is all about backpedaling and shooting. This is not the case. If you just walk backwards and brainlessly shoot the enemies you will die on Zone 1, almost guaranteed. You have to use the movement system to your advantage and get those headshots to kill enemies faster and find the few medkits around the map just to stay alive. It does truly feel like an old-school shooter like DOOM or Quake or any other game from that time period.However, while I like the game, it's personality, the movement, etc, I have to warn all of you on one thing:This game is not for casuals or people looking for an easy ride.I hate seeing myself type that because I've read that before and gotten angry about it but with STRAFE it's seriously true. HP packs are incredibly scarce, armor can only be found through collecting enough scrap to craft some, environmental hazards will kick your♥♥♥♥♥ level design will make you wish death upon yourself... you get the point.But is STRAFE worth buying, if you've read all this and said ""yeah I can handle this!!""? Then yes, you will probably love STRAFE.Oh and the soundtrack is amazing."
