user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,443380,22177883,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Gumak,"Step 1: Take Fate/stay night.Step 2: Replace servants with angels and demons.Step 3: Remove 90% of slice of life/food stuff.Step 4: Add generous amount of production values.Step 5: Add polished, high quality translation.Step 6: Insert almost entire voice cast from Monogatari/Index series.Step 7: Set pacing to ""breakneck"".Step 8: Cook for two hours.Step 9: You get Tokyo Babel."
76561197981558705,Recommended,443380,22187957,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,☭Eden Code☭,"Another great ""high-quality"" visual novel on Steam. This game was originally contained no ""18+"" scenes; as such, the Steam version is exactly the same as the Mangagamer one. The art-style is great, voice-acting has some famous seiyuu and story lasts around 30-50 hours depending on how many routes you want to explore. Each route is has its own unique story and veers off the common route relatively early on.Those of you that question the high price tag need to consider that vocie actors charge quite the premium every time their voices are used. For a length game like this, the price is quite high for the localization company as well; hence the $35 price tag.The story itself has a nice mix of Summerian, Christrian and other minor mythologies. The three main female leads all have bad endings with story, a normal end and a True ending that you unlock once you view the other required endings. The characters are quite likable with their own backstories to flesh them out.Aside from some cheesy moments, there's no reason not to like this game. If you like story based visual novels that's not just the typical nukige trash on Steam I recommend buying this and voting with your wallet."
,Recommended,443380,22229411,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Satyagrahi Zetto,"There's action, romance, comedy, drama, horror, suspense and all of it is just so damned fun. That's Tokyo Babel in a nutshell.The description on the store page pretty much perfectly sums up the story, and there's a free demo available at the mangagamer site, so I will instead go on about the things I like about this VN that makes me recommend it. Additionally I will remark that I at least enjoyed all the characters and found something to like in all of them, though given how that is somewhat subjective, I would refrain from adding that as a plus.For a VN it takes up nearly nine gigabytes of space, and all of that space is spent on top quality effects, animations and CGs, all of which make the experience feel a lot less static than your typical VNs. If there's a ball of fire being described, you'll see a ball of fire. If there's a pillar of water, you'll see a geyser effect on your screen. A background will pan around a bit with bits of debris and smoke. The game makes sure the text is usually accompanied with some effect to further immerse you in the action going on.  The character sprites bounce around, move from side to side, and are just expressive in general. I haven't seen this in a lot of VNs I played and is just really nice with how much effort they put into it.The story is gripping, goes along at a good pace, and fills you in on the lore of the place the game is set while never seeming like an info dump. This game is a lot like Fate/Stay Night, taking inspiration from myth and legends and building up their characters from various figures from them. The use of the esoteric in this game is pretty well done, much like Umineko and their handling of the occult, with of course a flair that only the Japanese making a VN with moe characters and grand epic battles can pull off while mixing such things.The voice acting comes from some of the industry's top talent. If you're halfway interested in anime, you'll hear someone you have heard before from a popular anime. The music is all well done, though personally a part of me feels as though there could have been just a little more variety, though that doesn't at all mean there's a dearth of tracks available. There are thirty unique pieces of music available (from the music selection menu), and they're all pretty darn good. Presentation wise, it's all top stuff.The best part is that there's a lot of game to play through. VNDB lists about 30 to 50 hours, and I went through one of the three routes available in about 12 hours, so I would say depending on your reading speed, that is about right. This is a LARGE VN, and it's just great. I know I will find no fault with the other routes and will probably only have a better opinion of the game as the later routes. Many people will probably be scared off by the price, but I can say I do not regret paying full price for this VN."
,Recommended,443380,22228806,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,LastOfArcadia,"This visual novel is top notch with excellent writing, translation, and overall research of esotericism (theosophy and philosophy) within the Abrahamic religions (particularly in Kabbalistic mysticism and much study of the Ethiopian Book of Enoch).  Has surpassed all my expectations (especially being my first visual novel indulgence despite owning Steins' Gate).  If you have any interest in esoteric studies, this game is well worth your time and money.  Highly, highly recommended."
,Recommended,443380,22305973,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,SHAAKKERRRRRRR,"Tokyo Babel is one of the better action visual novels I have played. It was up there with Fate/Stay Night and to a lesser degree Muv-Luv Alternative.It had engaging actions scenes and an enjoyable protaganist. The world felt fairly well fleshed out and kept me intrested.Enough to even make me check out the bad endings, somthing I rarely do.While I felt two of the heroines could of been fleshed out a bit more, they made sense in the overall plot.If you enjoy action visual novels and a twist on Christian mythology then this game is for you. The high production values are obvious in the animation and art quality, soundtrack was decent as well."
,Recommended,443380,22278763,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,All my mercs are dying,"So many famous seiyuus in this VN.Very good production, would recommend to new readers"
76561198042135229,Recommended,443380,22774110,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,madfox,"Intriguing story that drew me in from the start. Finished it in one go, which took me about 32 hours and I am a relatively quick reader. Found the play with Old Testament lore interesting and the wikikpedia included in the game learned me a new thing or two about said lore. Liked the humor that offset the more serious parts of the story quiet nicely. Loved for example the interplay between Rachel and Lillith when playing the computer game Civilization. Definitely worth my money and I would love to see more VNs as these with this same length of play."
,Recommended,443380,23488656,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,somebody336,"Tokyo Babel is a Visual Novel set in a universe where hell is flooded and heaven is sealed shut, leaving both demons and angels stranded. Both races settle upon a floating fortress called Tokyo Babel located in Purgatory and are told by the “Messenger of God” Remiel that in order to set everything right they must climb all seven levels of their new home to beg forgiveness. With the combined power of the demons and angels it seemed an easy task but soon figured out nothing could be further from the truth. The further up you ascend the levels of Tokyo Babel the more likely you are to go mad and attack both friends and foes alike. To this day the highest anyone has been is the fourth level out of the seven necessary to reach Jacob's Ladder and seek forgiveness.So the stage is set for your character Tendou Setsuna, a “human” to be recruited into the ranks of Tokyo Babel in an attempt to conquer it once and for all. It is one heck of a setup and a very unique concept for a story. Throughout your journey you will be accompanied by three possible love interests. Lilith, a demon who is a very goofy and tomboyish kind of character, Raziel a shy and lazy angel and finally Sorami, the character we initially start off as. The intro starts off as an amazing horror story but will soon shift its focus to Setsuna and never again frightening. It serves to show just how insane the characters affected by the madness Tokyo Babel inflicted them are and how strange the dimension of Purgatory is. It's probably one of the most interesting part of the game funnily enough.After certain events all the main characters meet up and take Sorami to a high school where everyone has set up base. It was quite shocking and disappointing that they managed to shoehorn in such a cliché setting to such a unique world. A large portion of the game is set in that school and is used to strengthen are understanding of the characters and is also where most of the lighthearted moments take place. It is an insane change of pace from the intro where you are trying to escape a nightmarish world and soon after that you are playing as some dude taking class when the universe is at stake. Not to say its not very entertaining just doing that due to the great characters in this game though it feels disappointing nonetheless due to wasting countless possibilities to focus on the High School setting tons upon tons of Visual Novels have done to death.Play close mind to the choices you make throughout the game as the most seemingly minor of things can quickly cause things to spiral out of control. There are not tons of choices to make but the couple it has are very entertaining. You may get a bad end though most of the time it isn't just a dead end where you are killed soon after making that choice but a well thought out, branching path where you don't realize you messed up until later on. One of the greatest things about this title that many other Visual Novels fall victim to is reading the same dialogue multiple times. That does not occur here, once you make a choice everything there after is completely fresh content and separate from anything that occurs in the other, making it a real pleasure to even get the bad endings since it may give you insight to something you would have otherwise missed and the endings are just as good as the real ones.You know they are doing something right when you lose the game and are still praising them. Your second choice of the game that involves who you investigate first is by far the most important one you'll make since that is how you choose which of the three routes to take. One is locked until you have finished the other two but man, is it worth playing all of them. They are absurdly different from one another and nearly feels like you're playing a new game. Enemies may now be friends, entire events change and even the original objective of braving Tokyo Babel will change into something else entirely. These routes are not interwoven however, the enemies you face in a certain place may be replaced with another or they may flat out not exist. There is no continuity to be found between them though playing all three of them is necessary to comprehend all that has happened and why.It's not a short game either. If you want a short and easy to digest Visual Novel look elsewhere because each route may take you over 20 hours. That is assuming you use a guide since there are not just bad ends but good ends, true ends and more for each route so unless you know exactly what you are doing it will take you longer to get the true ends required to unlock the third route. This game has a ton of content, more than I've personally ever seen from a Visual Novel to date. Sounds like I'm plain worshiping this title by now so let’s talk about some of the bad shall we.The main character. He is terrible. The typical broody and emotionless kind of character made even worse in that he always pulls something off at the last second to win a fight. You know the type of kid in the playground that when playing gets defeated and summons an “Anti-Everything shield”? That would be Tendou Setsuna and his insane plot armor that completely kills any tension in the action scenes since you know he will pull something out of thin air. It nearly makes you want to skip every fight scene since why bother? It's a real shame since that feeling of fear and desperation when facing someone far above your league that the intro had is completely lost and replaced with plot armor so thick you can see it from miles away. His backstory is decent at the very least and his lack of emotion does lead to hilarious moments so he's not a total flop of a character.The heroines and side characters are far more interesting and based on figures of Christianity and Judaism such as Uriel, Samael and Belial to name a few important figures. Do not go in expecting a fateful recreation of said figures though. This game takes many, many liberties, to the point of merely having the same name and a few of their basic characteristics such as Belial being an attorney. With that in mind the characters in here are well written with very few evil for the sake of it characters. All of them are fully voice acted in Japanese only and have professionally written text in English. Whether the music is to your liking depends on whether or not you like the Grunge genre though the supplemental music to create ambiance or set the mood is pretty good.The art style is very nice but the maximum resolution is 1280x720 so if your monitor is above that resolution it will look very stretched out if you decide to play it in fullscreen. As some of you may be aware Tokyo Babel is also sold on MangaGamer but despite that this is not a hentai title nor does it feature any nudity even on their version. Both are the exact same game and Steam's version has not been censored. It's a rather weird decision on the devs’ part considering how much fanservice is in the game and it would not have been out of place. Not really a negative by any means but something that may have been on your mind. After finishing one of the routes you will unlock the “Extras” menu on the main screen that allows you to view any backgrounds, music or character/weapon lore you have unlocked so far. Strangely enough the lore for the characters are for the biblical ones and their origins not for the characters that are actually in the game. At the end of the day I can see someone looking at the price of this title and thinking it's a total ripoff but rest assured you get what you pay for. Tons of content as well as an interesting world and characters make this one Visual Novel well worth your time."
76561198169720011,Recommended,443380,22890891,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,KrySon,"My Thoughts/About The GameI like visual novels. Don't let the price-tag cloud your mind. One reason why the game costs $35 is because of the voice actors. They do an amazing job doing the voices of the characters. They show a lot of emotion, especially the guy who voices our main protagonist, Setsuna. This one is not some kind of harem or romance novel, (there is romance, but the story isn't focused majority around that) but one that actually has a story to tell. I don't like to compare visual novels, but this one intrigued me the most. I didn't expect a lot from the game, but it took me by surprise. The amount of effort put into it is tremendously high, and I like that. Good games like this should be recognized more, so that's why I though about typing a review. The game is action-packed with amazing fights that often lead to heart-wearming moments. Here is a list of pros, and maybe cons.Pros+ A long visual novel, but not time-consuming like CLANNAD+ 170 Graphic Pictures+ 48 Backgrounds+ 8 Endings (Bad, True, and Good endings)+ This game has extra features; this gives you the lore of the characters and terms+ 26 music and 4 songs (All of them are amazing)+ Voice actors are top-notchCons- ...In ConclusionThis is currently my favorite visual novel that I have ever played. Everything is in it: comedy, action, romance, etc. To be fair, I'm a bit bias. However, this game offers so much. After playing all the routes and getting the true endings I felt sad that I already finished the game. It's one of those games that I would love to forget about so I can play it again without remembering the story. In conclusion, I give this game a big yes!"
76561198019839359,Recommended,443380,22311101,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Rookie (ZOE),"If you're a fan of the RoAW (Record of Agarest War) series then you might very well like (or even love it as I do ^^ ) this gem since it really does share a good similarity to the RoAW series, just not exactly obviously but both entail ridding the world of the same source of woe, of which I won't spoil, but needless to say...  It REALLY made me love the series and as such i'm giving this a 9/10. :selphinehappy:   Would be a ""10/10"" if they added another route for another character that I feel deserves a coupling with the main character as well, which character I won't spoil but it can easily be noticed during the Lillith True Ending route regardless.All-in-all, a truly good gem that I really do love. :D"
76561198196704053,Recommended,443380,22893920,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,falleen,"27 Hours just to complete the Raziel route (good and bad end). Phew! I didn't think the battle scenes were too short at all btw. They were just right. I would have been bored if they were any longer. Well worth the money!*Update*I finished the Sorami and Lilith's routes as well. What a thrill ride. If you have bought Fruit of Grisaia, this goes a lot faster than that. I find the protagonists of Fruit of Grisaia and Tokyo Babel eerily similar. They are both cold, stone face, but very adept at what they do - decimating.Dialogue/text is not slow at all, and often humorous, reflective, philosophical and sometimes sad.Short notes on each of the 3 characters:Raziel - I didn't like her in the earlier parts of her route as I felt she was very needy and clingy. I really liked her good ending though, as it honoured Setsuna's lifespan, and felt realistic in the sense that Raziel had to deal with it, and she dealt with it really well, and as befitting as an angel.Sorami - I'm in a quandary about her good ending. On one end, the twist that faced them after Tokyo Babel is pretty well done, but some bits and pieces don't fit together and thus it wasn't very realistic for me. It was however very touching and I do like their final trial and how they managed to overcome it.Lilth's True end - the Setsuna end was quite satisfying for me as it was the ultimate happy ending of course. Nothing illogical about this ending and I expected that they would end up this way. I can't put my finger on it but it feels just a bit too perfect. Thus, even though Lilith is my favourite character, I still prefered Raziel's good ending as it was the most realistic one for me.---Oh, and I have no friends. So if you enjoy visual novels like this, please add me :D"
,Recommended,443380,23359972,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Magicflier,"So... Tokyo Babel is about a protagonist, led by a series of encounters, gains a sense of self and strength to keep on living for the future. A LOT of lore is involved, so if you are interested in that area of study, then you would absolutely love reading how the story here plays out.I struggled through many of the descriptive action scenes. It felt like the writers are needlessly stretching the scenes with needlessly descriptive details of the battles. I mean, I didn't really care how ""this sword"" was as strong as ""this modern weapon"", or how ""this injury"" was as great as ""this"". Other than that, I really enjoyed reading the actual story-telling of Tokyo Babel. Every character had their own conflicts, and their own conclusions. The last (locked) route in particular, gave every character's conflicts and conclusions the brightest shine. A lot of these scenes outside of the action scenes, were mesmerizing to read. Props to the translators, for such a professional translation. <3Enjoyment:7.5/10Characters: 9/10Soundtrack: 8.6/10Personal visual novel score: 7.4/10https://vndb.org/u40815"
76561197971532050,Recommended,443380,31456050,Posted: 29 April,all,Conditional Love,"Tokyo Babel, what can I say? Perhaps it is best if you go into the game with a bit of amnesia like the first main character does. So without spoiling anything, Tokyo Babel is well written although from the language used this Visual Novel is intended for advanced readers of English.As you can see in the screenshots, the art is excellent in both the characters and the backgrounds - and there is a large variety too. What Tokyo Babel does better than any other Visual Novel I have ever read is the amount of scene transitions & effects used throughout the scenes. If you are using a fast auto-speed. then every few seconds or so the character art will change or there will be some other scene effect. This attention to detail of the story flow helped me stay focused to the story.The game itself is well made too. Tokyo Babel has all the game options you would expect from a good Visual Novel game and a large variety of other options too, including individually muting characters. Yes, all the characters are voiced but only in Japanese. So... that's cool, and disappointing I can't understand any Japanese. The one thing I could say is missing from the game itself is that Steam's Overlay isn't used (which isn't necessarily bad).Tokyo Babel is a triple A Visual Novel, the downside is that you are also paying a triple A price.Other points:~approx 6 Gig download~Angels & Demons are cool~Female Main Characters are not annoying stereotypes~long duration~Why do Japanese Visual Novels always have a highschool in them?~I liked it whenever Tokyo Babel played classical musicVerdict: a worthy purchase if you looking for a good quality Visual Novel with a fantasy-drama."
,Recommended,443380,32994652,Posted: 29 June,all,ali-266,"As a matter of fact, I believe Tokyo Babel to be the best VN Available for purchase on steam right now. Obviously, a title like this doesn't come out of nowhere, which is exactly I thought writing this might be useful.To begin with, Tokyo Babel is a good representation of everything Chuuni. It has everything from Quotes to Edge and lots of Action. What might make Tokyo Babel a bit different is how it develops most of its cast through battles. Doing this requires quite a lot of good writing to make it work, it also means that there is quite a certain bit of talking during those scenes. However, since all of these battles are to begin with Ideological it makes little sense for them to work and function like normal action scenes. In a way this style of writing is what sets Higashide apart from many writers.Higashide is capable of doing a lot with little text, the only problem with this is that the reader is also required to put some effort to understand the cast and their conflicts. This is by no means negative for Tokyo Babel, but it means that for each person the experience will be greatly different.Reading Tokyo Babel Guarantees you quite a lot of fun, at least 30 hours of fun, On the other hand, what you get once you are done, with these 30 hours or so, is completely dependent on you, the reader. It's your job to connect the dots and figure most of the cast inner conflicts. In a way that's extremely rewarding. However, i can understand that it's not completely something anyone will be comfortable with. Which is why you need to know this prior to reading Tokyo Babel.Tokyo Babel for the most part contains great character, Awesome Villains who you will never get enough of. Here i have to mention that technically each and every person in Tokyo Babel is a Villain of sorts. No one fights for the world or for the Goodness in their hearts for that is a weak reason to live. To Live is to Fight, and to fight you need a reason that is stronger than anybody and everybody.In short, Tokyo Babel is Great please buy it."
,Recommended,443380,25664768,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,FarahTDU,"Best visual novel I've ever played so far.Fully-voiced and the quality of the voice acting is top-notchThe artwork is beautifulThe writing is greatLoved the theme of the whole visual novelThe action scenes are very well doneIt's a long visual novel (30-50 hours) with eight different endings, but it never got boring for me, which is the most important part.I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,443380,22297460,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Blasto,"Angels and demons and♥♥♥♥♥♥  Long, action-heavy VN with a great voice cast.  Like the Divine Comedy, but without 50000 dead Italians."
,Recommended,443380,32461274,Posted: 15 June,all,CB007,"A fascinating VN with multiple routes each more intense than the previous. The world has ended and the remaining angels, demons and humans must find a way forward.You've got a lot of action, more than most VN's I've played and while there are times when the battles drag on a bit or feel too similar, they also have good moments of tension and excitement.There's plenty of romance and slice of life comedy for those who are into those aspects, but they don't feel intrusive or awkward.The visual design and music gives this VN almost a next-gen feel, and the menus make route hopping such a pleasure. The extras menu even gives you all kinds of background informatgion. The resolution is really the main downside on a technical level. Parting thought- if you think the religious subject matter may offend you, it probably will, it's very involved in the main plot, so you may want to move on."
76561198146855940,Recommended,443380,22240564,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,kryuzei,"Finished the game:- Heroines fights are short and mostly disappointing compared to most of the fights, but the last Samael fight is top notch for me.- Chuuni fights all over the place and no single character that has 'simple' power. Raison d'etre stuffs really helps making the fight more grand and develops characters at the same time.- Didn't expect the slice of life scenes to be not so out of place. Can't explain it really well but it really fits the main character groups pretty well.. some of you might not like it though.- Character endings are satisfying all around instead of just focusing on true end. I didn't expect that considering my previous experience with Higashide is Ayakashibito.- Some characters feels like they're under developed but at least each of them has their own ending, making them not forgotten to the readers.it's pretty okay"
76561198035448534,Recommended,443380,22835739,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Zulshin,A great action Vn. if you don't mind/enjoy dark settings and like action stuff i defintly recomend you grab this one!Should note my time played is far higher than time it takes to read this VN as i left the game open several times while doing other stuff.
76561198024067676,Recommended,443380,26175322,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,samuelandjw,A solid and entertaining VN.Have played though all routes.Pros:- of very high production value and extremely polished- amazing voice acting and sound effects- multi-layered story and interesting plot twists- pacing in most parts is greatCons:- the atmosphere of the first 20 minutes deviates so much from the rest of the VN. What the hell?- the character Astaroth is pretty stupid in Lilith's route...Would recommend to all VN fans and anime fans (who haven't read any VN).
76561198254923900,Recommended,443380,25988022,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Kyo Uzuki,if any of you played fate stay night or watched the show this VN is for you cause it is almost like it just take out the slice of life cooking moment and have more epic fights  the three heroine are all like a mix of sakura rin and saber in one character the main MC is like a verison of shiro in heavens feel route but for all three cause he is just a badass in all three and by the time you make it to the second and third route his power level is that of shiro maxed out in heavens feel the whole route so if anyone was a fan or loves the fates series get this VN it is worth the time and money
,Recommended,443380,32601852,Posted: 20 June,all,Ryūgū Rena,"This was amazingly done, I got it originally due to Samael having Karen's voice actor from the Monogatari series, but looking back there was much more than just good voice acting. This visual novel had amazing sounds, and even little screen movements and cg changes when combat started. The novel also was easy to get into and interestingly enough it got away from an a-typical school life setup; In a Shaft like producer fashion there was an extreme lack of any civilian or random person interaction, almost like the mains and supporting characters were the only existence. I think that was a great choice, as they cut out on any minor minion fights to focus on pushing the story forward. To the opposite extreme, this worked to prevent from having too many important characters be beaten just to advance the story.If I was to give a number to this game it would certainly be 11/10, of course my opinion might be skewed from falling into Koyomi's voice (Setsuna)."
,Recommended,443380,22992291,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,The Emancipator,Good entry point for those looking to get into VNs.
76561198274830023,Recommended,443380,22388625,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,1222alano,"Decent story, nice artwork, cool charakters which you can identify yourself with.*Light spoiler* 3 Diffrent routes, so a good replay value aswell.I defenitely don't regret buying it, actually I was surprised by how well the story develops and the charakters too.All in all, if you like j-novels with some choices to make and a good 30-50+ hours story, go for it!!"
76561198092290599,Recommended,443380,27661389,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Shayder悪魔,"Awsome visual novel, superb atr style and chracter design.Lots of story paths and as overal super game."
76561198032451982,Recommended,443380,22354243,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,carnivorousbunny,There is only one thing you need to know. You can romance the beautiful angel of thigh high stockings.
,Recommended,443380,31644265,Posted: 9 May,all,Azura Squifflepants,"Tokyo Babel is the best visual novel I've read so far. The voice acting is excellent, the art work is top notch and the effects contribute to the experience without reducing that experience. It's funny, well paced and an interesting take on the whole Christian myth. 100% recommended."
,Not Recommended,443380,26345426,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Myzzrym,"Tokyo Babel definitely isn't bad, but...I picked this game up after people compared to Fate Stay Night, and the premise of the story also looked fairly interesting. Angels? Demons? Sign me up!... I tried powering through the VN, but I really didn't like it. The characters are bland and stereotyped to the extreme, the pacing is slow, the slice-of-life scenes just take too long and are too numerous... Even the fight scenes couldn't salvage all of that, because the build up was just absent and everything is almost too predictable.I really wanted to like Tokyo Babel, but I just don't. I also don't really like the art style of the characters, but that's something else. Don't get me wrong - it's definitively not a BAD Visual Novel, but I just can't bring myself to like it or to recommend it."
,Recommended,443380,23118433,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,AncientProverb,Shin Megami Tensei: The Visual Novel
,Recommended,443380,24698692,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Riley,"This is one of, if not the best VNs on Steam at the moment. 10/10 Raziel is best WaifuEDIT: Nevermind. Sorami is best Waifu now."
,Not Recommended,443380,35009550,Posted: 16 September,all,Greyexe,"OVERALLI bought/trusted this game because people said it was like Fate Stay Night. This is not Fate Stay Night in a bad way.They either did not read Fate Stay Night or they do not understand the themes of Fate Stay Night to understand how these two works differ vastly in narrative quality. There is clearly attempts made to invoke things Fate Stay Night does, but they all sort of miss the original purpose of their inclusion. Visual Novels tend to be slow to get going if they are long so I played the rest hoping it would redeem itself after the refund period had already passed. It did not redeem itself. The quality of assets and voice work is great but for me most of this game was trying too hard to be cool and ends up unrelatable and uninteresting power fantasy chuni nonsense. This visual Novel makes me hesitant to trust any other Novel made by this developer even with positive reviews. I am clearly not the targeted audience. Maybe this appeals to someone who isn’t me.- - - What I disliked about the game - - -__Blasphemy built for the “lowest common denominator” put bluntly is Not Interesting.__The angel doesn’t act like an angel ahaha, The devil doesn’t act like a bad guy hahaha. Is tired and uninteresting without more layers. This game doesn’t really have layers. What you see is what you get with a ton of biblical references thrown that are mostly excuses. You could count the amount of interesting/not forced biblical references on one hand if you are generous. The game is written clearly expecting you don’t know much about religious philosophy and thus never does much with it…. Which should probably be the whole point when at least 30%% of what is supposed to be interesting is the interaction of man, heaven, and hell in some forced cohesion.__Insanity is everywhere in the visual novel and done way too simply.__The angels find out they are no longer immortal and this understanding of mortality shocks them so much that they start gleefully killing themselves and each other in a normally idealist place with no war or violence. But not all the angels… only the background character ones…It is more interesting to see the reaction of the character responsible for it than what could have been an interesting debate on what the knowledge of immortality does to people. But they chose the non sensical edgy isn’t that so rad dude way.There are examples like this everywhere in the novel as far as why things happen.__Nothing is very relatable and sensible/interesting motivations are scarce__I don’t mind spoilers in negative reviewsThe main character blames himself because he is an artificially made Jesus and feels responsible when a very very scientific world, which would normally turn people away from religion, suddenly needs faith because war that is never explained, as is how its possible to make proto jesus, but everyone goes crazy because oh my false Jesus isn’t actual Jesus. I am using Jesus almost literally here.The normal girl who you are supposed to be sort of able to think of as a normal human is artificially created by the bad guys to do some weird new world nonsense. Basically they tried to up the stakes in her route which cut the legs off developing her as the normal relatable character. Though the enemy motivations in this case are interesting it sacrifices any potential she has outside of being flat.Angel is BG because her motivations are clear enough you can understand what she is trying to do. However the reason for this is “ because it’s what I do” and generally ends up not being that interesting either.Dark fun loving slootay school girl outfit pushed in girl is left super ambiguous till the final route because the whole point of the character hinges on it so she’s entirely flat till you find out she isn’t real but then that gets totally ignored in the ending and all that’s left is how anime trope of the week she is.__The Fights are not grounded in any kind of rules and thus not relatable__All my bones are broken, I instantly heal them with nanomachinesNice way to artificially raise the tension and then remove all consequence of itThis sword summons sin stuff and every time there seems to be a limit it gets broken, and every time the limit is broken why that amount of summon power isn’t always used becomes questionable. OObviously the chuni battles scale is so far from reality it becomes hard to gauge anything and thus you rely on the novel to have all opinions and thoughts for you…. Which is difficult if you are a person who likes to think.-- - - What you might  like about the game - - -Good production values and art consistency(though nothing I found appealing enough to remember much of such as music…. The music in the trailer being the major one I remember as I heard it a bunch while debating buying it and I get into the groove of a VN by playing the Opening video/theme every time I play it)Super Power Fights(If you like people being so far from human and doing awesome stuff I am told this appeals to people like that. However it doesn’t ground much in things I care about such as motivation or reason.)CLOSINGThis game is not Fate Stay NightOne is about a normal person who meets various heroes while the visual novel debates heroism and sacrificeOne is about a guy who does super power stuff who is barely human that they spend the whole game trying to make relatable.Shirou isn’t a best main but at least I remember his name.I could rag on this game more but I would go way past character limit."
,Not Recommended,443380,25824910,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,rock3tz,"This game has two halves very badly sewn together.On the one side you have absolutely dull and boring slice of life with one dimensional characters (and no fanservice to speak of),On the other side you have chuuni/'badass' battles between angels/demons/gods.Unfortunately since the characters fighting are the ones established in the boring SOL scenes you never care for what happens to 90% of them.As such, this game is not worth your time. Just get something else with better characters (not hard to find since these are terrible) even if the fights might not be as 'epic'."
76561198026316860,Recommended,443380,22199352,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Josip Tito,Still not as scary as Everlasting Summer.
