user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,443810,32242898,Posted: 7 June,all,Larry McDarry,"I swear the game is messing with me.- Got a deal with city hall that they will let me hire three more cops but one of them has to be son of the guy who made the deal with me.- I accept the deal.- A guy named Persly joins my shift A and he is horrible. (had only 5 points)- Not allowed to fire him so decided to pay the mafia to kill him.- The time comes to kill him and he doesn't show up for work, 1000$ wasted.- Decided to try again with the mafia hit.- Persly decides to take a vacation the day I was going to try to have him killed.- That same day I had three of my best cops all get murdered by some punk teenager who robbed a store. (one of them was ranked 1,200!)- Got pretty annoyed with the game and decided to close it out and play it later.- I get three steam trading cards.- ALL three of them are Persly.GG game... gg."
,Recommended,443810,24702612,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Icefist Thunderdick,"A very wealthy man came up to me with an offer, he wants to fund the police station with enough money to support 3 new officer positions, with the condition that his son take up one of the slots, and I cannot fire him under any circumstance, I accepted his offer, and arranged for the mafia to kill him the very next morning, I then had the paperwork buried so nobody would know about his death, his paycheck now goes directly into my pocket every week.10/10 game"
,Recommended,443810,24695393,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,dermaniac,"One of my officers asked me if she can stay home because she partied too hard and is drunk. I told her no. A few hours later the Mayor calls me and tells me they will cut my budget and I have to fire one officer. I told the drunk officer that she'll have to quit at the end of the day, but not before going out on one last mission. On the way there she had a car accident and died, because she was drunk driving.10/10"
76561198010339747,Not Recommended,443810,26110857,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Beer Drinking Burke,"There is a lot to like about This Is The Police. Some solid art. Some great music (I love how you can purchase your own records in-game via a music catalogue). And the concept itself is really good. A police chief on the take who has to make daily management choices with narrative implications? The comparisons with Papers Please are obvious enough. And to the extent that it is similar to that game, it works. Unfortunately it falls down in a crucial respect - player choice. Papers Please does not rail-road you into certain decisions. It gives you some requirements (feeding your family!), and sets up the pressure that encourages you to make some choices rather than others. However in the end you are shaping the experience. You are chosing who to let through, and who not too. Monetary pressures may influence your choice, but it is still your choice.In This Is the Police, however, you have no choice. Early on the game presents you with the ""choice"" of working for the mob or not. Aha! So I thought what I had here was the option of being full-on corrupt (OK, some people might like this), or just a guy who is gaming the system, but had some kind of 80-20 gray morality (you do what you gotta do to get by, some nudging and wiking within limits, but fundamentally, i.e. 80% of the time, you believe in some semblance of law and order). However if you choose not to work with the mob, you are forced to anyway. Making your choice meaningless, and raising the question - why even give you one at all?As you play your mob overlords will give you commands. You can refuse to do a specific job, but refuse more than a few and your game is over (you get arrested by the feds, or what have you). You are, in other words, - forced - to be at the beck and call of the mob. You are a puppet. Basically. Do what we tell you. Or else game over, buddy. You do at some point get to choose if you work for the old mob, or the new guy in crime, but that is as far as it goes.This is when the game lost me. Playing an old police chief who is trying to build up a little retirement fund? Great idea. But the developers needed to place the emphasis on letting the player enjoy that simple experience. Narrative should help as an elaboration, but the purity of the experience (what Papers Please really is about), should be the driving force. Otherwise you are taking a back-seat to your own game, in a sense, and may as well be watching a movie.If it comes up on sale, you might want to grab it. Because this game does do a lot of cool things. It's just that as a -game- it doesn't really respect the player."
,Not Recommended,443810,24753694,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Akka,"Don't be fooled by the countless positive anecdote joke reviews from people who haven't beaten the game. It's not worth the 25+ hours it takes to finish. The achievement page reveals only one percent of the people who've started this game have seen it through to the end and trust me when I say it's not worth it.The whole game is a huge mixed bag. The plot, music, and voicework is amazing. The game sprinkles a few pop culture references and jokes inside a handful of dispatch requests. The game shines brightest as you maintain the balance of power among the church, big businesses, the government, organized crime syndacites, law abiding citizens, and your police force. This game fearlessly tackles controversial issues all from the rarely percieved point of view of the police. The world feels incredibly immersive and the duration of the game can really pull you into its world.Despite all that I still can't recommend this game.Aside from cops you have detectives who unearth clues (frames) that you piece together for investigations. In dangan ronpa you piece together the crime in summary by sorting the pictures and events in order. You have to know exactly how the crime happened from the testimonies that don't even tell you how the crime happened git gud you ♥♥♥♥ing scrub. The game will withold the frames you need, making them IMPOSSIBLE to solve until the RNG smiles upon you. Investigations are the most poorly executed part of the game and there are a ♥♥♥♥load of them. I ended up solving only one third of the cases that came to me.The game offers the illusion of choice. There are four massive splits in the road that occur as you progress. These decisions seemed very polarizing at first but the effects quickly dissapate and become completely MEANINGLESS. You can't even really choose to be an upstanding cop, you're forced to aid the mob or they kill you, resulting in an instant game over.The RNG in the last third of the game will completely, and absolutely DESTROY you. For no reason I had cops begin to miss work, and worse still ♥♥♥♥ing CRASH AND DIE IN THE CAR. For the last two weeks, every single day there'd be at least one fatality, none of which bore ANY explanation. With the ending so close in sight I soon gave up on dispatching my units to every crime. Forget about hiring replacements, new recruits are more inept than the corpses, all of which come from officers who've been with me for over 100 in game days.The main gameplay element, dispatching units, doesn't have enough variety or staying power to entertain me for the 20+ hours the game lasts. Sure the flavor text changes, but for the last half of the game I found myself skimming the text at best. The game feels WAY too overlong and monotonous. Cutting the game in half would have gone a long way to making it more tolerable.Finally, the biggest offense the game makes is in the ♥♥♥♥ing ending. Just like Firewatch, the game brings up a whole lot of suspenseful subplots, a ton of characters with complex interactions and their own issues....NONE of which get solved as the game sends its arms up in the air and simply gives up. ""Who the ♥♥♥♥ cares about making a satisfying ending, no one's gonna play this game for twenty hours, so we don't have to establish any decent closure at all! Hahahaha!""Don't buy this game. It starts off fun and interesting but by the end you'll be forcing yourself to finish it for that big dissapointing non-payoff."
76561198052178797,Not Recommended,443810,28456384,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,vimbert,"This game comes loaded with promise. You play Chief of Police Jack Boyd, a hard-boiled old-school cop trying to get enough money to retire and survive a city full of gangs, political corruption, and apathetic citizens. It's very atmospheric, and I was drawn in almost immediately. The voice acting for Jack really helps set the scene, and there are lots of little touches that make the game's world feel real.At first. *MINOR SPOILERS FOLLOW*You see, this game gives you 180 days to get Jack to his goal of $500,000. I had met this goal by day 80, and even with some story-related time skips, the game drags and the story gets sparser and sparser until I felt like the developers hadn't had any idea how to wrap things up. Main plot threads are tied up in increasingly contrived manners and the game railroads the player in its final act into a forced binary choice about which corrupt, sleazy individual to support for head of the city. Sure, it lends to the game's dark atmosphere, but by this point the player feels no sense of agency. I was playing like a hustler and a supercop- City Hall loved me, my staff adored me, I made tons of money off the mob only to betray them and break up their operation to the tune of almost half my monetary goal- and then the game says ""No, you suck again. Which one of these two characters who cannot succeed without you would you like to have win rather than you?"" I badly, desperately wanted an option to tell them both that I didn't care and wouldn't help either, which would have perfectly fit Jack's character. Heck, even an option to run for mayor myself would have varied things up, maybe given me a chance to call in all the friends and connections I had built in gameplay... but nope, pick your flat Pepsi or sour Coke and watch a final disappointing cutscene.I'm fine with stories where the protagonist doesn't win, but this is diabolus ex machina of the worst kind. Everything in gameplay was going my way, but the story went its own way and decided that heads I won, tails I lost. If this struggle had been reflected in gameplay and tied in with the overall narrative better, fine. As-is, I got a little bit of foreshadowing and then had the game metaphorically beat me up and take my lunch money.The ending of a game is important. And this one has a complete lack of respect for the player, its world, and the game as a whole. While I had fun in the first half of the game, the latter half of the campaign is a slog and the story unravels and careens in wild directions. Not worth your money."
,Recommended,443810,24721644,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Lil Morty,"An officer: ""May i take the day off work today to attend my father's funeral?""Me: Ye- wait what.*checks my officers list**His father is also a policeman and he's already checked in at work for today*Me: You little lying ****#BestExcuses10/10"
,Not Recommended,443810,26421312,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Soundwave MD,"People are liking and disliking this game for the same reason: It offers only the illusion of choice. You will either be a terrible excuse for a police officer who freely lets innocents get murdered and crooks get away just to put money in your pocket, or you will be dead. Those are your options. There is just no option to be the good guy.While I do appreciate what the developers were getting at (i.e. making the best of a terrible situation), I don't take well to games that force you to play in a way you don't want to. If this game was exactly the same, but the storyline allowed you to just be a good cop and take care of people, I would love it (and seriously, the market is sorely needing a cop game where you are actually a good person). I would also enjoy it if there was a way to do a few small favors for the mob while secretly probing their weaknesses and finally taking them down. But I just don't identify with a character who wants to be the bad guy."
76561198201961252,Not Recommended,443810,32171836,Posted: 4 June,all,vikpr,"Too much RNG to make it enjoyable.You train your officers for weeks and then one day your team of professionals with SWAT support gets wiped by a single drunk stripper. You come to work another day and you find out that one of the officers is drunk, two others got a food poisoning for 5 days and 3 more are required for the whole day to sing on the mayor's wife birthday party. If you don't send them there mayor gets angry, but if you do then you don't have enough people left on duty to respond to crimes and guess what - mayor gets angry anyway.It could've been a great game but when your hours of effort can be negated in a second by some random event over which you have absolutely no control it stops being fun pretty quick. So no, even with the 50% discout it's not worth it in my opinion."
76561198078390235,Recommended,443810,24974737,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Azack2,"You either die a hero, or live long enough to see yourself become the villain.The mayor can suck a big one."
,Not Recommended,443810,24709693,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,AdderTude,"First playthrough, and I thought it was a relatively nice game with managing the police force and all that. However, I can't look past some of the problems this particular game has. I felt like it was kind of a bait-and-switch when it seemed like it would allow you to be either a by-the-books, honest cop or a dirty, rotten scoundrel. After playing it, the real title of this game ought to be ""Corrupt Cop Simulator"" because of two glaring problems:1) If you don't work with the mob, you get assassinated pretty quickly, thus ending the game. This is a poor choice to implement in the game, especially when there are many players like me who want to serve the city.2) If you don't work with the mayor, your force continually gets cut to where you can't effectively do your job and you lose face with the public by political subterfuge. While I get that the mayor is on a real mad power trip, setting up a population that's indifferent to crime isn't terribly realistic (if so, as the game explicitly described, why do people phone in crimes at all in the game?). An example of this is New York, where Mayor Bill de Blasio has made an enemy of the police force by siding against the boys in blue, yet he loses favor from both the police and the public by doing so.The fact that one is seemingly given free reign to run a police force and then restricted to making decisions based on level of corruption (while at the same time punishing honest play), really breaks the game. I did like playing it, but the heavy moral restriction is too much for me to recommend the game. This is the Corrupt Police, after all."
76561198126330208,Not Recommended,443810,25662262,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Actinguy2,"It's unfortunate that Steam asks for a yes/no recommendation rating instead of, say, a five star system.Because I honest assessment is that this is three out of five stars.  There's a lot of good stuff here.  The writing is top notch, the acting is always acceptable (and in the case of the lead character, flawless), and the core mechanics of the game are actually very strong.But despite seemingly being offered a dozen choices every day for approximately 180 days, you actually have very little input in the overall game.  In fact...despite being presented with a series of ""A or B"" choices that should seemingly set the plot in opposing directions, it ALL leads up to only one ending (assuming you don't die along the way).Steam says I spent 150 hours on this game...I'm sure that's an over-estimation as I may have had the game paused in the background as I did other things or slept.  But I would say that I probably put about 50 hours into it...and at the end, I feel like I watched a 50 hour long movie.  A GOOD movie...but, at the end, still a movie instead of an interactive experience.  Half the time, I was yelling into my computer screen ""WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS???"" the same way you'd yell at the idiot who wanders into the dark basement in a horror movie.  Except I'm supposed to BE the character I'm yelling at.Overall, this was a really strong game at times....but the single ending makes me feel that this was time wasted."
76561198005519601,Not Recommended,443810,30975935,Posted: 6 April,all,CogDiss,"Good concept. Really bad execution.The writing is awful. One obvious example: an early crisis involves racist gangs targeting black people and you are tasked to fire all black officers as a result of their threats and public support for them. If you refuse, this is simply counted as failing the objective. This is absurd. Actual public relations and politics involved in running a police department are a fascinating and nuanced subject, but this game goes full retard in implementation. There are numerous other examples equally unsubtle as this. Also, the character is the chief of police but he regularly goes to a strip club and gets hammered *while in uniform*. I don't mind exploring the dark side of law enforcement, but the game is cartoonishly ridiculous in its depiction while having a pretentiously serious tone.Another frustrating feature of this game is that you are forced to play as a corrupt cop and it is literally impossible to play it straight (you get a game over immediatley if you attempt this). This is just as stupid as the political dynamic of the game; you should be able to weigh integrity vs expediency, but instead the game presents the illusion of choice and you have to play dirty.The last major criticism I have of this game is that you allocate resources based on descriptions of crimes and sometimes the outcomes are nonsensical and absurdly trivial descriptions can result in the deaths of several officers and civilians (with no explanation of why this happened whatosever). This majorly undermines the strategic element of the resource management.EDIT - There is another particularly infuriating major flaw in this game I had not yet encountered at the time of initially writing this review: certain events require you to act within a specific timeframe or while specific officers are on shift, but the story skips certain days (and by extension shifts) without warning. This is a baffling oversight as it completely derails strategies and makes it impossible for the player to plan things out.EDIT 2 - It also is extremely repetitive and drags on and on to advance in the story and unlock new features...I kept thinking ""I am not enjoying myself but there are obviously more features that I have not progressed enough to unlock yet so I'll stick it out"" only to realize I had spent a few hours going through a few weeks in game without advancing at all. Length is not necessarily a good thing with extremely dull and repetitive gameplay, but it is frustratingly padded out for no other reason than to prevent criticism about the game being too short."
76561198062930115,Not Recommended,443810,24716959,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,DG Dobrev,"I always have a difficult time writing a negative review about a game that I liked for the most part.  So how about I do this: I will first tell you what I really liked about the game, because, if you do like it yourself, you should totally buy it. And then I will explain what I really hated about it.If you don't like to read, then watch:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PlLk-t-kCl0And yeah, I fixed the sound and redid the vid.So what did I like about the game?1. 80% of the story. The story is brilliant for the most part. I love novels that put the protagonist up the wall, and when he/she tries to react, they get their backs pushed further up the wall to the point of barely having any control of the situation.2. The Police Management part of the game has been done brilliantly. You always feel like your choices and solved cases matter.3. The Investigations are engaging, as your detectives interrogate suspects and give you frames to piece together the whole crime scene like a pizzle. This works so well.4. Police operations are fun, and some of them even give you fun choices to pick that either increase or decrease your chance to resolve the event successfully.All of this is the bread and butter of the game and it really feels good to be in the driving seat of a police precinct. Sadly, it is not all roses and rainbows... So this is what I DID NOT LIKE.1. Contrary to the other good 1, the other 20% of the story were not pleasant for me, as I was seeing how it is going to end. I foresaw the generic ending 30 days before it happened... And about that...2. The ending is always the same (correction: it would appear that there is a second ending which is by no means better han the 1st) and very anti-climactic. It pokes at a certain thing that Boyd says during the story and while it has a deep meaning, it is not what people want.  What people want is a MEANINGFUL ENDING. They want their choices to matter. They want their actions to lead to something... and about that...3. You are given a grand total of 3 choices during the game that DO NOT MATTER AT ALL. All of those secondary things that flow from those choices (say, paying cash to make your cops like a certain mayor candidate) mean NOTHING. It always ENDS THE SAME. And about that...4. You are given so many in-game options that seem to influence the game's advancement, but ULTIMATELY DO NOT. They just give you the illusion that you are doing something. It makes the cogs in your brain work overtime just to say - eh, whatever you just did was worthless. But it was fun, right?! And about that...5. How often did you check your deputy screen and enjoyed how many situtations you solved and how few you botched? It always feels good to beat Boyd's ""8 in 10"" solved cases that he himself says is his guideline. For what? NOTHING. Spoiler alert:your deputy dies and you lose track of all your progress, as there is no other way for you to review how many cases you have solved and how many cops have died in the line of duty.. Towards the end of the game, even that's a thing that will not matter. AT ALL. And about that...6. You will be tangled into so many corruption, mafia and corporate schemes, you will be hard pressed not to get tempted to embezzle some cash, as everyone is like - hey do this and you get money! Hey, you need to make 500 grand! Etc. Hey, have theses money! Do me a favor! Send cops to their deaths for me! And so on...The game really plays at your sense of valor and righteousness... and then throws it in the dumpster. And about that...7. Towards the end of the game I was feeling down. I wanted to be the best cop ever just to get squished by all kinds of schemes. Granted, even Jim Gordon had dealings with the mafia, but... in all of his adventures I never felt like he ever allowed them to get the better of him. This is a huge sin - regardless what you do, the game allows everyone to take the better of you and make you look like an idiot. And about that...8. The biggest sin of this game is that it makes me want to be the BAD COP. To be as corrupt as possible, make the most money possible and just get out with as much cash money possible. In my game I nailed the 500 000 by avoiding corruption as much as possible and playing poker just because the game kept beating me over the head with this number. For what reason?! NONE! And ABOUT THAT... again.9. And barring all bad stuff... where are my bragging rights if the whole idea is to be the bad cop then?! Where do I show how much money I have embezzled? How many cases I have solved? How many people I have killed?10. The RNGesus! I was so busy talking about the meaningful stuff... that I forgot the RNGesus. Yes, the crime solving is based on RNG. Some crimes have choices that based on what you picked, increase or decrease that chance. Sadly, this means that you can play an awesome game and still lose many good cops through no fault of your own - and when that happens you will be screaming your lungs off at the screen. Here's an example - armed assault vs a few guys, I have sent full squad with 150% efficiency SWAT, then I sent 2 good officers as backup, just to see this outcome:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=737701954The dev said I was so unlucky because the chances of this happening are less than 1%. Well, thanks, I feel so much better now.People who say ""You idiot, this is real life!"" can zip it. It is not. It is a game. If I want to experience real life, I will just go to work and be faced with the world that needs so much to become a better place. Simple as that.To conclude... I enjoyed this game for the most part. I enjoyed the case solving, the police management and the strive it gave me to solve more and more cases and do as best as possible. So far so good, huh?NO! I cannot support a game that makes me be a worse person than I am now. I do not accept the fact that this game will play on the mysery of a great man for sympathy. While I agree it will work for some, it does not work for me. I dislike games that take all my hard work, shove it in the dumpster and say - ""that don't matter, yo!""In the end, a game is a game to allow you to let you experience something cool, or challenge you, or put you in moral dilemmas that you won't normally get into, and so on and so forth - and sadly, to me, This is the Police caves in on itself while trying to do it by simply allowing you to - and then saying ""um,sir, what you did in the past 27 hours didn't evn matter!!! GG!!!"""
76561198183681405,Not Recommended,443810,24898378,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Garfield,"This Review is going to be quite long, so here is a quick summary of it all: This is a game with great potential and an interesting story that lacks balance and the ability to tie it all up. The payoff is not worth the effort, there is quite literally no satisfaction at the end, So do not buy the game.Now lets get into specifics now that you've read my overall.Spoiler-Free Review:This game had me all over the place. The game takes about 25 hours to complete (Few afk hours for me), and I must say that it was not worth it. The first 18-20 hours are incredible. I loved the game, the management system, although repetetive, was still enjoyable, and the story had me interested and I couldn't stop playing. That being said, the last 5 or so hours are absolutely unbearable. It seems as if the devs had no clue how to balance out the game. I must admit, getting the $500,000, which is the games main objective, is ridiculously easy. At the end I had something like One million 50 thousand, and could have made much more.The final thing I would like to say in my spoiler free version is that the ending was horrible, straight up. So many of the things that had me interested during the first 20 hours were all just thrown away with cop outs that did no justice to the game.That wraps up my spoiler free version. I'm sure this will get downvoted by people who haven't completed the game, seeing as only 4% of people have at the time of writing this. But don't let those positive reviews with 10 hours fool you.Spoiler Review: Now I'm going to go more in depth with the story and focus more on that.I decided to put this in the spoiler section because I feel like this would really change how people play the game, that being said, let's move on. One big flaw with this game is the illusion of choice. It plays out like it's a whole good cop, bad cop kind of ordeal, but in reality it really isn't. If you don't go with the mafia, then you are dead before day 10, simple as that. This really sucks for those who wanted to choose the good cop narrative. It almost feels like Firewatch in a sense, because the ending of the game was basically decided from the start, even though there are 3 (Or 4?) huge decisions in the game that don't effect the ending in the slightest.Story Issues: Just gonna tell you how things end up.Laura: Literally nothing happens with her, after acting like she is some big conflict for Jack, she just calls and basically says she's not coming back, and that's that.Lana: It seemed as if Lana was going to become a love interest of some sort, but after she finds out you worked with the mafia to get 500k, she says she is going to have you arrested. After the final assault (I chose to side with Chaffee), Chaffee basically says that he killed her. Nothing else, just that, all of that story build up out of the window.Other: Another thing I would like to point out is that your deputy Martin Stett said he found a lawyer who could help you keep your job after the 180 days, this just doesn't happen. After your coma, you see nothing of Martin and I had no clue what happened to him, but on the last day it says that they found his mutilated dead body in the Sewer. It seems as if the devs only way of ending a story is by the person dying, which I find to be a cop out (No pun intended).That ends my rant, if you made it through this wall of text, I applaud you. This game has no satisfaction to it and is definitely not worth the 20+ hours you have to put into it to complete it.Edit: (Spoiler Ahead) Apparently the car accidents are because of the fuel transaction made late in the game (Before the second coma I believe). I deleted all of these points and replaced them with another one of my main issues. However, that doesn't change my opinion on the game seeing as the ending was my real issue with the game, and unfortunately the ending didn't change."
76561198079747060,Recommended,443810,25120842,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,SiGun,"I´m in the middle of a gang war, and my best detective said she lost a bet where she had to swallow a key and started to poop blood and wanted to go home cause of that.Can i resign?"
,Recommended,443810,25408502,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Spliffi,"Overall Score: 8.1 / 10Quality9.3/10High quality gamePerformance10/10No crash or lags, has a DX9-mode for older systemsUtility10/10No bugs, steam cloud save supported, graphics options availableControls8/10Good controls, but mouse only; full pad support, though not labeled in shopGameplay7.3/10A story-driven management gameChallenge7/10Pretty strategic gameplay; but a lot of random factors included that make it hard to plan ahead - fair difficulty overallContent8/1020h+ campaign, which is quite long considering the price; mini-games included; potential for much more achievementsDiversity6/10Every crime scene is different and new gameplay elements are sometimes unlocked; story has it's twists too. Quite repetitive at times thoughImmersion8/10Good, thanks to the atmospheric presentation, a likeable anti-hero and a lot of own decisions to be made (that actually matter)Design7.6/10Amazing design overall and a strong ""film noir"" atmoshpere createdVisuals7/10A primitive but straight comic style for the whole game: menus, cutscenes, game graphics, makes this game look like a piece of art. well done!Sound7/10Great voice-actors (english only); nice variety of atmospheric songs - which are chosen individually; SFX OK, some more variety would've been greatTexts8/10Well written dialogue and descriptions; a captivating ""film noir"" story; unfortunately a few mistakes in the localizationMapping7/10Just one map (the city), a bit small but many routes & good overview; storywise it wouldn't make sense to include more levelsInterface9/10Pretty menus and a functional UITested with:1920x1080; Windows 10 Home, 64-BitAMD FX-8350, 8 x 4.03 GHzNvidia GTX 970 (4GB)16GB DDR3 RAM; Samsung SSDSettings: High/UltraIf you liked this review check out myarchiveand see how other games scored!"
76561198117261509,Not Recommended,443810,34050912,Posted: 5 August,all,kristensix,"Alright, let me explain. I put 37 hours into this game only to find out THERE IS NO POSITIVE ENDING. I understand that in real life there aren't always positive endings, which I understand. And to be frank, sometimes I like a game that has an unexpected ending.But I spent 37 hours perfecting my game. I had an excellent relationship with city hall and an excellent relationship with the mafia (up until I locked him up.) I ended the game with over $770,000 and still, I get a beyond depressing ending.I initially loved the game up until around day 100, when I realized it is the same thing over and over. Send cops out on 911 calls all day. That's it. Your choices REALLY DON'T MATTER. You end up in an awful situation regardless. You just chose who puts you there.There are no characters that you connect with, either. Everyone is cynical. I would not recommend this game. Feels like a waste of my time."
,Recommended,443810,24954353,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Whitetailfox,"Great concept, great story and great base game.However your enjoyment will depend on how well you handle the bunch of small issues the game comes packaged with.You play the story of police Chief Jack Boyd and the game alternates between storytelling cutscenes occasionally allowing a choice and the main portion of the game where you manage a city's police station while trying to make some retirement money on the side.The sim portion is great, the game lets you make moral choices not by directly asking you but by throwing quests at you from the interested parties and purposely failing them is a legit way of refusing an assignment you might consider dangerous or immoral. Of course in such a case you have to face the consequences.The noirish theme tells the story of a retiring police chief who's life is falling apart as he is pressured from multiple sides and dealing with obstacles that prevent him from doing his job properly. The main character is portrayed as very much morally gray with Jack having no qualms to behave like a jerk at times. On the other hand just how bad he is, is left up to the player in the sim portions of the game. A huge criticism has been that it is impossible to stay 100% idealistic police chief and that is true, but you can most definitely be up there in the 80-90% goodguy.As mentioned earlier the base game is great but small issues can make it frustrating to some people, I had a blast but I suspect others might feel the game drags on too much in the mid portion, that there are small quality-of-life improvements that are missing (like ability to call officers from another shift mid day when you're suddenly short-staffed). Oh and the ending leaves many unsatisfied and I can see why, but I suppose it's just that kind of story.Buy at a discount or research before buying. I give my recommendation as I enjoyed the game through to the end."
,Recommended,443810,24757399,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Cay ҉;,"I wish steam had a neutral option.Warning for light spoilers?I liked this game quite a lot, up until the ending. The art style is nice, and the premise of the game is interesting. You manage a police station and send your cops out to calls. You also manage a crew of detectives who solve more complex crimes. The detective cases are fun when you're not frustrated by unclear frames. you can earn your money honestly by relying on your paycheck and taking down gangs, or through other more questionable means. The story is engaging, if a little drawn out by the ""send your cops out every damn day"" sequences.Also way too many people show up drunk to work, like, on a roster of 20 cops, 5 will show up drunk. I woudl've fired them if not for the fact that I'd rather not trade a lv 500+ cop for a lv 100 newbie. I think an improvement would be that your potential recruits increase in lvl the longer into the game you are, so it's not a complete loss to get rid of lazy or drunken cops.Since the game prides itself on making choices that matter, it fails spectacularly. The game can end in one of four ways; Shot dead prematurely, or put in jail, and the ""two"" endings you can get for making it the full 180 days. Calling it ""two"" endings because the only difference is whether you met your money goal, which only makes a single frame of difference in the ending cutscene. It's still♥♥♥♥♥♥ There's no ""reward"" for being an honest cop and taking down gangs, there's no reward for being corrupt either. It doesn't matter.And in a game like this, the worst damn thing is for your choices not to matter.The ending would've probably worked better if the game was a visual novel."
,Recommended,443810,24701868,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Maruchan (¬‿¬),"A singleplayer management game that focuses on a police chief's final 180 days running his department. Many events will unfold as you play through the story and there are impactful decisions to be made. Will you maintain a pure heart and protect and serve as expected, or will you fall into the hands of corruption.(As of 8.3 hours playtime)-Pros:Original game conceptGreat story lineInteresting charactersGreat voice actingGood looking UI and game designCons:Some elements of the game get repetitive and tediousNo freeplay (planned for future update)No truely dynamic storyScripted calls and story eventsThe game just released and is the studio's first game, so I have faith it will improve.8/10 would buy"
,Not Recommended,443810,30736211,Posted: 25 March,all,blunderbrain,"Didn't find the day to day gameplay very engaging (by day 60 was quite bored) and many of the mechanics just didn't work at all; tried to have the mafia murder some cops before they could testify against me, and the story skips a shift so I can't send them to the trap; had three cops killed but it wouldn't let me keep the bodies in the morgue to complete a mission even though it did every other time people died; vague missions like 'fire all old people' are impossible to complete; often required jobs pop up that you can't put off even 10 seconds to wait for the necessary people to get back to the station which is just frustrating; and a bunch of the management options either don't make sense or don't do anything useful."
,Recommended,443810,30684910,Posted: 23 March,all,Strange,"What impresses me most about This is the Police is how well it all flows together. With a choice-driven story, daily station management, and ongoing requests and investigations, it’d be pretty easy for the game to fall short somewhere, but every single piece feels fully fleshed out. The daily grind is a smoothly-running sim game backed by a fantastic jazz-heavy soundtrack, and the story sequences are compelling, well-written, and fantastically voiced.PROS- An interesting story- A lot of moral choices that affect the course of the story- Variability of operations- Sensible strategic model- Excellent voice-acting- Climate, vector graphics- Many vivid secondary charactersMINUSES- Diagrams after a long time the game;- Sometimes too large accumulation of problems with the police.All things being equal, I’m hard-pressed to think of a game that more exceeded my expectations than This is the Police. A fully-formed, engaging story that’s tied together underneath a solid and demanding simulator game is certainly something I’ve never seen before, and it’s all handled excellently. The game’s more sensitive content, including references to abuse, homophobia, racism, and more may make it tough for some to enjoy, but even these elements are handled in a way that fits the game and its themes."
76561198010992197,Not Recommended,443810,24818031,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,T H E G O O D B O Y,"Alright, I really went back and forth about this game for a while. I couldn't decide if I wanted to recommend it or not. I decided not to. It's an okay game. It has its strategy elements to it and some police elements. I just have some major issues with it.1. You have absolutely no choice but to support the criminals. Like, literally you have to. On my first play through, I refused to help them and they shot me after a few days.2. You have to do illegal things. There is no way to play through being good.3. The story doesn't change each time you reload the game or restart. I died and reloaded a checkpoint and the story missions/options were literally the exact same again. No change at all.4. Sometimes the police situational choices make no sense. Sometimes if you just choose for your officers to run in and shoot people, they rank up from the mission. Other times, you will choose the logical choice like coming up to a guy with a knife and you taser him and they rank down. It makes no sense."
76561198339884852,Not Recommended,443810,28089607,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,bbmink,"Conceptually, the idea behind this game is interesting enough, but the execution is poor.Almost whatever one does matters for nothing in the end; it's not really a pick your own story and see what happens and learn kind of game. In that sense, there's no real strategy to speak of.I stopped sending police out to missions and was never reprimanded. Just keep the mob bosses happy and you're pretty much coasting. How's that for substance? None, exactly. In short, the game is long and repetitive, and I completed the 180 days (19 hours) hoping it would improve--nope. If the point of this game is to promote cynicism about police work, then I suppose it's clever in the way an annoying pun is clever.  Boring..."
,Recommended,443810,24817963,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,NinjaPaz,Got a call that a woman had picked up a stapler in an office building and started beating her boss with it.I send four of my best officers to the scene.The lady picks up a second stapler and proceeds to slaughter three trained and armed police offcers.10/10
76561197994590173,Not Recommended,443810,26407170,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Eldoran,"This game looked like it had a lot of potential. Interesting art style, good writing, lots of story potential, strategy, micro-management, resource allocation... And it felt like it can really mess with your mind, having to balance some seriously dodgy moral choices.And then the game happened. At some point the bubble shattered. You don't need to do good. Just keep repeating the same thing. It doesn't really matter. You do the same thing over and over and over and over again. The story arc progresses no matter how well you do. At some point sending the cars around just gets old and you start wishing you could skip the gamplay, get the next 10 minute cutscene and get it over with.The game introduces a lot of mechanics, but none are implemented very well. It's kind of shallow and not made to work together very well. The game throws things in just because it can, not because they'll add in a meaningful way. Bad poker minigame? Sure. Bad tetris minigame? Hell yes!And if you manage to do catastrophically wrong, just reload the save and pick the other choice."
76561198204251143,Recommended,443810,25103858,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Redfoo357,"After 18 hours of gameplay and story investment I can safely say, this is one of the better games I've played. With it's blue's soundtrack, and some other genres, followed with it's story and voice acting, it is simply one of the better works of art I've had the pleasure of spending 15$ on. I am, personally, a big fan of time and resource management games with certain Life/Death scenarios, that ultimately affect the story. The story. I can't stress the story enough. It's just too good to explain. I can, however, condense it into one word.""Unforgettable.""I rate this game 10/10. Though, people who love graphics could rate it lower. I'm not one to care for style."
76561198016210002,Not Recommended,443810,31997536,Posted: 27 May,all,Kojackid,"I'll say what others have said before, this game drags on for far too long. The first 20 to 30 days get you hooked, repeating it past the 70 day mark though? It's a real grind. Mess up, and city hall starts forcing you to fire cops off your payroll. This is where the game locks you in to an inevitable failure state. Failure breeds failure, and This is the police will start taking the resources necessary for you to even make it through the day.When you ask for more cops, City Hall often won't meet your request because you keep failing with the shortage of cops you have. The slippery slope mechanic here is unforgiving and doesn't leave the player with much room to make a comeback. ""Git Gud?"" sure, i can accept that, but for a first time player whose already getting bored less than halfway through, what incentive is there to go back and restart your save?Honestly, I was glad when i lost early. I no longer feel obligated to complete this game."
,Recommended,443810,24684905,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,HowDoUAim,"It's time to fight crime and chew bubblegum, and I'm all outta gum.For those like me that have memories of Police Quest, cast those aside. This is no point-and-click adventure. If I could describe this game in a sentence, it would be: the strategic part of X-Com with the battles simulated by numbers. It's more of a time and resource management game, but with a unique premise and good execution. You control 2 shifts of police officers, detectives, and once-per-day units like SWAT throughout each day, responding to situations, helping the community, and whatever else may arise (and plenty does). In addition to this, you deal with officers calling out and giving excuses, maintaining your rosters, dealing with City Hall to secure more forces/funding, a mafia whose grip on the city is unrelenting, saving up 500k in retirement money, and a wide variety of other things. Also, the protagonist is voiced by Duke Nukem.It's fun, and worth a look if this sounds interesting to you. If you're still on the fence, do what I did and watch someone play the first 5 minutes. It convinced me nearly instantly, and I regret nothing."
76561198023533868,Not Recommended,443810,24691068,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,B4ckSt4bber,"I'm very disappointed, The reviews are very missleading saying it reminds you of police quest. It does not. Also missleading to say it´s a good cop / bad cop game, you don't really have the choice to be a good cop, the only choice you have is how corrupt you rather be. Being a good cop gets you killed by the 10th day.I was hoping this game would be a police micromanagement game with a nice story-line but in the end it's just a very linear game about corruption and barely any micromanagement.I have to say they did a good work with the graphics and some aspects of the game such as the investigation part where you have to puzzle togueter evidence based on testimonials to get the right criminal. Unfortunately this is just one pro in a large list of cons."
76561198159713463,Not Recommended,443810,32793858,Posted: 25 June,all,surtech5,"I should start off by saying that the writing is nothing short of amazing. Just from the intro I knew I would love the story. And I do. However the game play is… An 8 year old child. As in it plays the same games with you that an 8 year old child would like ‘I win’ where you lose no matter what. Or ‘Guess what, we were actually just playing a game and you lost’. And my personal favorite ‘you should have won but I changed the rules so now I win’. Bottom line, the game gives you a selection of options yet punishes you for not choosing the specific choice it wanted you to pick.For example you can choose to work with the mob or not… Except you can’t and will die withing the first 2 weeks (that’s not a spoiler, it happens within the first hour). Or one of the first missions ‘fire all black cops’ which as far as I can tell, cannot be beaten. I have tried 3 times first firing all the blacks, then all the lighter skinned and blacks, then all the black and light skinned cops AND detectives, yet each time I am told by the city hall that I disappoint them.These and many more will clue you in early on that this is not a game but a narrative experience. I am fine with those, however, it is wholly unfair to ask the player to know which specific path they want to take without clues; or even in some cases, in spite of clues.So unless you enjoy ‘Red Door Blue Door’ maybe give this one a pass."
76561198069752747,Not Recommended,443810,26139560,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,jerfy_jerf,This game offered the option to make choices on how to play out the end of a police chiefs life with story while managing sending police to different events.  However there is really very little choice.proseasy to use uigood storydecent characterconsif you play as a good cop you get killed pretty quicklychoices don't affect story too much
76561198034210176,Not Recommended,443810,28560182,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,DK,"This game isn't horrible but I just cannot recommend it. Ultimately, it was a great idea for a game but poorly executed. The storyline (which makes up a significant % of the game) drags on to the point that I hated when cutscenes popped up. But at the same time the actual gameplay was shallow enough that I got bored with it pretty early in the game. This is the kind of game that really saddens me because I think the devs were really onto something here but ultimately they just missed the mark. 5/10Pros:- Concept is really neat- Art style is well done and goes with the game mechanics nicely- Music selection and ability to change songs was a nice touch- Some story elements (like the serial killer) are generally compelling- The detective missions were well thought out and a fun part of the gameCons:- Pacing is horrible. The game is split up into 3 different phases with each being progressively harder through the release of new game mechanics. You have to put in many hours of gameplay before being able to see the more complex portions of the game which makes the entire experience a shallow grind. Introducing these new mechanics at a much quicker (or better yet, immediate) pace would have greatly improved the player experience- Storyline is boring and uncompelling. I found the main character to be whiny, obnoxious and just plain unlikeable. When bad things happened to him, I really didn't care. I actually started to get a kick out of seeing him fail towards the end.- The gameplay only mimics RPG elements and character development is extremely shallow. I had a few officers that had been with me through the entire game and with whom I thought I had a bond. But when a few of them died, I realized it hardly affected the gameplay and since there are no actual backstories to the characters, I didn't even feel bad to lose them. Officers dying should have been a seriously compelling part of the game but instead it was just another event to shrug off.-  Mission success/failure is pretty much arbitrary and only on false alarms did you ever get a background on what happened. These missions are pretty much the meat of the game but the gameplay basically boils down to send as many officers as possible to a mission and see a success or failure pop up as a result. Rinse, repeat.- I found this game to be far too easy and there was no difficulty setting. The storyline of the game revolves around a beat-down police chief who is struggling to reign in crime in a big city. But the gameplay was a piece of cake. I never really felt like I didn't have enough officers or I was fighting against the odds.- There was only the illusion of choice. I had seen this complaint in reviews and comment threads before buying the game but I shrugged it off as just being a part of a story driven game. But I can now confirm what other had said and I understand now why it is such a big deal. This isn't like a 1st person shooter where the level design railroads you towards a specific goal to continue the storyline... This type of game revolves entirely on giving the users the ability to play ""their way"" but This Is The Police doesn't deliver that kind of experience. The story outcome is going to be the same regardless of what you do but more importantly there is really only one way of playing the game successfully. Faction happiness is introduced too late in the game to make a difference  but really it doesn't even matter because being good or bad seems to have little affect on the gameplay."
,Recommended,443810,25375434,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Haysus,"This is a very difficult game to review. I wish I could give a sideways thumb, but here goes.....The GoodFor $15, you get 20-25 hours of gameplay, for some people, this alone makes the game worth it.The management system is very fun, I don't mind a little bit of RNG, so random officer deaths or not getting frames never bothered me. Just added to the fun I was having.Storyline and characters are mastertful, top-notch voice actingJuggling the different factions while maintaining a happy police force is really where the game shines (late mid game or early late game)The BadGame is completely linear. The pop-ups are exactly the same every time. So there is no replayability becuase after one playthrough, or if you get shot and need to reload, you know which calls are fake, which are serious, etc.You have a ton of options that never really need to be used/don't matter. Paying cops to change politcal views, or sending them to a BBQ, it really doesn't matter.The UglyYour choices don't matter. At all. Supporting one candidate doesn't matter. Getting $500,000 doesn't matter. The characters in the story don't matter. You are presented 3-4 times in the game with choices that seem like the are going to have a major altering effect on the story, ending, and gameplay. They do not.No replayability. Because the ending doesn't matter, and the pop-ups are the same, the game is very on-rails. If I could have one wish for this game, have an 'endless mode' with random pop-ups and see how long you last as it gets progressively more difficult.The storyline. It's so good. And then....people just disappear or don't matter anymore. It's really disappointing. For a game that did such a masterful job in getting an attachment to characters and building a story, it just kind of.......poofed at the end.In conclusion, for me, who loves management sims, I got my monies worth, even though I am disappointed in the ending. Others will take more of an issue with the ending where a superb game 80% of the way just falls completely on its face the last 20%. If you like management, get it, but don't get to invested in the story or characters."
,Recommended,443810,24711591,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Tearmisu,"""I'm trapped in my house! Help!""*sends half my squadron*""FALSE CALL: Billy's mother wont let him play outside.""Screw you Billy. When you get kidnapped for real I'm gonna sit and watch 8)"
76561198022491010,Recommended,443810,26496183,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Lt. Dan,"Overall, enjoyable game.Pros-Variety of character faces-Enjoyable, on-your-feet gameplay-Pretty darn good story and AMAZING voice actors-Interesting moral choicesCons-Officers go against you arbitrarily (and sometimes your best ones)-Replayability is annoying because you get the exact same officers and exact same missions-Didn't feel that I was working toward anything besides the end of the story-After awhile, the missions got old"
76561198172862311,Recommended,443810,25124266,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Neptune Vasilias,"One of these days, one of them, my God damn car will start first time, I believe!"
76561198031201274,Recommended,443810,32686381,Posted: 23 June,all,porkinsred6,"It was fairly frustratiing that the game forces you to play a cetain way, and if you are not morally in line with it then the game just kills you. I understand that for the purposes of the story this is required, but it does leave a bad taste in my mouth.That said, this game was actually a lot of fun. Me and my wife just recently had a child, and this game was really easy to play while holding and feeding my newborn. The story was well voice acted, the gameplay elements were engaging, and the art style was fitting. I am happy I paid the sale price for it."
,Recommended,443810,24723655,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Zuìjiǔ Dàshī,I confiscated a potted plant from a crime and asked the mafia to sell it on the black market for 8 bucks.
76561198142896226,Recommended,443810,33009693,Posted: 29 June,all,gomizzou4,"The game is actually really good for the price it has a rich story and gameplay down to the details, although it does have some minor issues I would recommend this game to anyone who loves story rich games for cheap. I'll tell you a story to show you one situation in the game.>Be me starting off learning the game>Hire my first cops and detectives and think everything is going to go good>I want to have a positive relationship with city hall but lots of things get in the way>A old friend comes up and says I need to help him with the mafia so he can escape town>So I help him and end up joining the mafia>City Hall has been cutting my budget forcing me to fire detectives and officers>Salary is 395$ a week at this point with only 10 cops and 3 detectives>Mafia says they will fund 5 officers and 3 detectives and pay me if I avoid a crime every now and then>I avoid maybe one crime every 3 days for the mafia and they pay me and fund most of my officers salary>mfw the mafia is doing better at keeping the city safe then the city is by funding my police dept."
76561197975153935,Recommended,443810,32854848,Posted: 27 June,all,Claudette1996,"One playthrough from start to finish lasts 18 hours, definetely worth the price (paid 7,50 myself).Great storyline, atmosphere and crimes that keep updating and keep requiring attention for small hints.Time to start my second playthrough"
,Recommended,443810,24776239,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Jklmkqe,"I think your degree of enjoment in this game will directly depend on how deeply you get immersed into the role of police chief Jack Boyd. Personally I absolutely love it and I think it's at least worth your time to buy it and try it, give it two hours and if you're not sure you want to go on then probably refund it and maybe wait for a sale. The game is somewhat frontloaded in content, there's a bit more good stuff early on, but if you like what you see in those first two hours I'm fairly certain you'd find the game worth the money.for me it's a 9/10- there are some mechanical shortcomings and sometimes you end up having to replay quite long stretches because the instructions simply weren't clear enough, or because the solution to a case simply doesn't make sense (although this is very rare). But what carries the game is the atmosphere, the writing and quite frankly the feeling that it gives a real sense of what it might be like to be police chief. Just recently for me the department received two essentially simultaneous alarms- one from a janitor at city hall who suspects a visitor of preparing a bomb, and the other from a car dealer where an armed robbery is most definitely going on and where there are already wounded. So what do you do? It's unlikely that the robbery will turn into a massacre, that's not what the robbers want, they would prefer to leave in a couple of luxury cars and be done with it. The bomb threat, if real, will most certainly lead to great loss of life unless you respond ASAP but really it's quite hard to say if there's anything actually going on at city hall at all. So what did I do? I went for the bomb threat. What decided it? Two things- first of all there's a known criminal on the loose who could certainly commit such a crime, and second: the fact that the bomb will hit city hall probably means that if I let it go the mayor will have my head- that is to say- he will gut the department to make me look bad and try to ruin my life. He's just that kind of a guy. This will mean that there will be even more call ins that I can't respond to, as I simply won't have the money to pay for enough officers to adequately protect the city. It is clear to me that there is greater risk of casualties at the robbery as the bomb threat is likely not real, but if the bomb threat is real it will be greater loss of life both in the short term And in the long term as the mayor responds. With a known psychopath with strange political motives on the move I decide that Freeburg will just have to take the hit at the car dealership.So what happened?Well.The threat wasn't real.The janitor was just jumpy.What next?Try to get a good nights sleep, as the circus will just keep going first thing in the morning.That and don't go to the bottle.God damn I love this game."
76561198094491423,Not Recommended,443810,24771140,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,ZDH513,"This game is Suuuuuuuuuppppppppeeeeerrrrrr Disapointing.In all honestly I loved the game but the ending killed everything this game ever had. It offers decisions that literally amount to nothing. In the end every critical partnership and decision you build up doesnt matter. If you become a good or bad cop it just doesnt even matter cause the ending is always the same when it tells you that you can change that. Thats a lie I couldn't change the ending and I couldnt do anything about it and it infuriates me. This game tells me to pick, it tells me to pick a side, choose who I care for and don't, and in the end the Dev just tell me to go ♥♥♥♥ myself cause it didn't matter.This game was amazing the build up was perfect. The voice action spot on. It is a beautiful story that crumbles because the Devs thought they had this amazing symbolic poetic message on the whole situation. This is a perfect example of a great game ruined by horrible closure.Pros- voice acting- really compelling story- Investigations are pretty cool- Always a twistCons- Endings are functionally the same- choices don't matter- friends don't matter- gameplay does get boring and repetitive considering how long the game is- Horrible storytelling at the ending just ruins the gameI don't recommend it if story is the reason you're buying it cause it is honestly not worth it. The ending isn't symbolic it isn't poetic, it isn't a great metaphor for corruption. The ending plain and simple just ♥♥♥♥en sucks."
,Recommended,443810,26394899,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Pinko Scum,"Burch and Burch Jr. both served on the A squad. They weren't the best cops, in fact they were the two worst cops in the squad. You know what though? They went on call after call, Burch Jr attended Police Academy and slowly but surely they became mediocre polive officers. Not horrible, but mediocre. Burch and Burch Jr were shot dead by a madman with an automatic weapon while responding to a simple noise complaint. They will always be remembered, not just by the squad, but by the entire force.10/10 would fire obviously superior minorities rather than separate a father and his son again."
76561198088740762,Not Recommended,443810,33611502,Posted: 17 July,all,Goof,"*POSSIBLE SPOILERS BELOW*This game was fun, engaging, addictive, and overall a good time (minus the cryptic and near-impossible investigation scenes), up until it ends. I will not spoil anything, beyond saying that I did not enjoy the ending and found it extremely disappointing. The game acts like it is setting you up for a high score or branching endings, but instead, it funnels you into two endings and takes into account nothing except one choice throughout a game of many choices. Overall, I am sad that the ending sucked, because otherwise it was a very fun police simulator."
,Not Recommended,443810,35145835,Posted: 22 September,all,Robin,"TL;DR AT THE ENDThis Is The Police is an....interesting game. It starts out with an amazing premise, interesting gameplay, unique characters and then just doesn't do anything beyond that.Let's get this out of the way first: TitP is NOT a Visual Novel. It is not a ""Choose Your Own Adventure"" game that many people seem to think it is. TitP is a simple management sim game and that's all it is. The choices presented to you throughout the 20~ hour story have little to no effect on the story. They may help you get to the end of it but they will never change the outcome. In this way it's essentially nothing more than a management sim with an on-rails story.Story wise, you ""play"" as Jack Boyd, a retiring police commissioner who wants to earn $500,000 before he retires in 180 days. The game takes place over those 180 days (gameplay wise it's around 150 days). You'll be introduced to the corrupt Major Rogers  who holds your job by the balls, the Sands Mafia who controls the city from the underground as well as a bunch of other interesting characters as you try to survive for 180 and earn all that money.As far as gameplay goes it's not overly complicated. You spend 99% of the game overlooking a map of Freeburg (the city the game takes place in). Crimes will pop up around the city and it's your job to send officers to solve them. Your offierces have ""Professionalism"" points. Each officer will earn +10 every time they arrest the purp and officers with over 500 points are almost entirely self sufficent, being able to solve crimes on their own. There are some unique dispatches as well.  City Hall will sometimes ask you to do certain things (like fire all black officers) and it's up to you wheteher you wish to do things like that. Very early on in the game you get to choose a mafia side to team up with (you can't say no) and they'll sometimes ask you not to send officers to crimes in return for some money.There are more options that open up as the game goes on, such as bringing back contraband to the police station or the mafia, sending officers to protests and forging evidence to pin any violence caused their on a certain faction. There also detective cases which are really quite fun. Sometimes a murder or robbery will happen and you'll have to send detective(s) to try and work out the crime. Every day a detective is assigned to it there's a chance you'll obtain photos of the scene. Once you have enough photos you can use witness accounts to piece together the crime and arrest the criminal. It's an interesting idea and stays strong throughout the entire game.So where does it go wrong? The first and i'd say the biggest problem is that the game is just simply way too long. Story elements are few and far between and the game overstays it's welcome even before the halfwway mark. 150 days is a LONG time. The early game is absolutely the most fun as you're struggling to level up your ragtag officers, teaming them up with other awful officers to try and create a strong police force all the while trying to juggle tasks between the mafia and city hall. As the game goes on, it more or less just becomes ""send your best dudes and a few smaller dudes to the crime"". Once you get an officer past 500 points the game essentially becomes unloseable. If somehow a low point officer dies you just recruit a new one. Even the heavy crimes such as massacres and armed robberies become nothing to a high point officer leading some rookies. You can also choose to send a swwat team and paddy wagon to some crimes but with enough high point officers this isn't at all needed.Apart from the game being too long, the gameplay remains stagnant. After learning what everything does and how to control your squad, the game does nothing with your experience. You will spend all your time sending officers to crimes. Mid game an interesting side quest pops up, but it can be solved fairly quickly and doesn't deviate from normal play. Choices you make have no impact on gameplay, officers dying means little, not sending officers to crimes doesn't seem to have much repercussion (sometimes you simply just don't have enough officers). Essentially, as long as you don't screw over the mafia you can coast to end game with a few strong officers.Really, there isn't much else to say. The gameplay is repetitive and never changes and the game goes for far too long. It could have ended after 60~ days and it would have been amazing. You unlock a sandbox mode after beating the game but by that time you'll never want to touch it again.PRO'S:- An interesting story with unique and interesting characters- An amazing concept with (inital) amazing mechanics- Each crime (and there's well over 500) has unique text that is almost always worth reading- The detective cases add a nice distraction from the gameplay- A great art style- Simple and easy to grasp gameplay- Great soundtrackCON'S:- Story elements are few and far between- Your choices made in game have little to no impact on anything- Game ends up becoming repetitive and goes for FAR too long- After a certain point the game requires no thought and is unloseable- No way to speed up each dayTL;DR A interesting and unique concept that falls flat on it's face. The game lasts far too long with no incentive to go forward apart from the scattered story elements. If the game lasted for half as long it would have been an absolute reccomend."
,Recommended,443810,24680658,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Disco Shrew,"Release Version ReviewWell, I originally thought this was going to be a Police Quest like romp through procedure, red tape, and the slighest mistake causing certain death.This is the Police actually checks those boxes, but not in the Police Quest esque way.Sylistically and visually impressiveTop Notch Voice WorkFun and addictive gameplay (Game has only been out 8 hours, I have 4 hours on the chart)Engaging and symapthetic story (Screw others, get screwed.)Excellent, fitting soundtrackImpactful desicions that matter! (People die by your hand, officers, civillians, how far does your selfishness go?Most importantly for me was, the impact of your desicions and the reprocusions of them are made clearly evident. All of your actions do have consequences. You are forced to compromise and make choices that you would not otherwise make as the variables stack against you, stuck inbetween corrupt officials at city hall, and the murderous mob,  you will have to face that peoples lives, including that of your family, your officers, and your officers families, lie in the palm of your hand.The presentation is fantastic, a noire, dark, and gritty feel. Smooth jazz plays as the Chief goes about his day.This game has much more potential that it currently utilizes, though. I look forward to updates and expansions, to see what the developers can do with this wonderful premise.TL;DR Don't get shot in the back of the head.8/10"
76561198033239648,Not Recommended,443810,24991216,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,TrUHeru,"The first 20 hours of this game are magnificent and I would have loved to give them a positive review just for those.There's just a small problem, those last hours and the ending are so unsatisfactory that it makes the game totally worthless, they introduce you an inmersive story that makes you keep want to play and then in the conclusion they totally ♥♥♥♥ you over, it's not that there's only bad endings, but they are bad ""bad endings"", it's a game where you are tricked into thinking choices matter, but you end up the same way.Characters introduced suddenly dissapear in later chapters with absolutely no mention of them, the story seems rushed to be honest. That's why you shouldn't listen to the reviews with -10h.The gameplay is really great, surprisingly I didn't find as difficult as people said to me it was, if you ♥♥♥♥ it up though, you're done.So no, don't buy this, you will be inmediatly engaged in the beggining and then you will be screwed over so hard that you will write a negative review... oh wait."
76561198169378044,Recommended,443810,31657749,Posted: 9 May,all,Buddy Dee's Ghost,"This game is a true sleeper.  The graphics don't exactly reel you in right off the bat so you might think that you're about to play just another crappy game with low production values.  But the storyline kind of sounds interesting, so you put it away to play maybe later...When you finally get to playing the game, you realize that the true gem here is not the storyline (which is pretty good), but the management system.  It's really a one of a kind game.  If ever you have run a police dispatch board or have experience in police administration, this game is very realistic.The simulator puts you in situations where you have limited manpower.  You have to dispatch your cops wisely and play the political game of having to please City Hall.  Different cops under your command have variant experience levels, personality quirks and specialties.  Some are detectives and some are partolmen and some are SWAT guys.  You may choose to send them for extra training.  You can only imrove your manpower and SWAT capabilities if City Hall likes the job you're doing.  You have to observe the dispatch calls carefully cause you will ulimately pay for it if you send 6 cops and the swat team because some kid wouldn't eat his brocoli and called 911 that he's ""being held hostage"". hahaAnyway, don't get me wrong I like the subplots and mafia stories, but I would love to see this game develop as an even more detailed police administration simulator.I usually don't recommend things at full price, but if you're really into the subject of police administration, this one is worth it!"
76561197978649519,Not Recommended,443810,34378279,Posted: 20 August,all,Captain FuzzyWinkles,"It was enjoyable for a bit, but as I hit the half way point, the game just throws up way too many roadblocks.  Half my police force would keep making excuses to stay home or come in drunk, or just not come in.Its like someone taking a hammer to your knees, then asking you to run a marathon.  This isn't fun, its work.  I play games to get away from work.Can't recommend."
,Recommended,443810,29721606,Posted: 5 February,all,SpaceCouncil,"Teal DeerDevelopers:Weappy StudioPublishers:THQ NordicInitial release:Aug 2016Genre:Management, Simulation, Narrative, Atmospheric#Worth/NotWorth:#You'llGetYourMoniesWorthBSERC- (Borderline Sardonic and Extremely Reductive Comparison): It's not entirely dissimilar to Papers, Please.Exposition, Concurrence and SummationWhere the ♥♥♥♥ is Batman..This review will have minor spoilers throughout. You have been warned.There are some very topical and ideologically sensitive ideas in this game. For example, Sexism, Racism, Prejudice, Homophobia,♥♥♥♥♥♥ Murder, Religious intolerance, Religious extremism,  Protests against numerous “socially justified” ideas. This is a game about corrupt police officers; You cannot possibly think that they would center the game around things such as children stealing gum balls from the candy shop.This is the Policeis a management sim on its face, an extremely narrative one. And before I get into it. I absolutely love what this game is going for but I have some serious criticisms about it. But I'll get to those later.The setup is as such, you, the Chief of Police for the city of Freeburg named Jack Boyd is retiring in 180 days and desires to accumulate $500,000 in whatever way possible. Now, one of the main criticisms is that you cannot actually play as a good cop. You must at some level be corrupt. This is not really one of MY main critiques but I've heard many others complain about this. However, I believe it is inherent to have some amount of dealings with other, lets call them less than legal organizations for an authority to have any semblance of control over a large mass of people. Additionally, you are playing a character in a narratively driven game, not as yourself.The main crux of this game is staring at a static 3D model of the scaled down city, and then responding and sending officers to calls. Each event is essentially a paragraph or two and you send an amount of officers and some support if desired such as SWAT and/or a paddy wagon. Which increase the success rate of your officers. It essentially operates with cooldowns and each call has a limited time to respond to; and its up to you to determine how many officers to send and whether or not a call even needs to be responded to.Each call has different affects, sometimes the officers will call back to the station and ask what to do in certain situations or call for backup, in turn you decide to send more officers or not. These situations include multiple choice answers and selecting the right one will determine the success of your officers. More often than not, it relies on you having read and understood the situation at hand and dealing with it appropriately. For example, how to behave from the threat of violence as opposed to reacting to violence already committed all the way down to tricking a irate drug user or calmly walking up to someone deeply distraught.There are a lot of systems in this game and they are all overlapping. I've heard complaints that they are heavily RNG-afied however they are very scripted and just have a high degree of learning to do to determine what is needed to not get your officers killed and still apprehend the offenders whilst being able to respond to the majority of calls.There are detectives cases, and numerous affairs you must deal with. The game is split into 3 distinct chapters, you do not actually play all 180 days, otherwise the game would be 50 hours long. You'll deal with one major thing each chapter in addition to regular calls and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t from city hall trying to make your job much harder. For example: Serial killers,  Mafia Wars, Political protests rampant with racial and sexist tensions all the while trying to appease the Mayor and City Hall as to not get your budget cut as well as deal with personal issues with your officers such as alcoholism.There are gangs to take down, reading profiles and doing interrogations, hiring snitches and finding workarounds for less than legal activities. The calls are color coded:yellow, orange, red for regular calls depending on time left to respondpurple for detective casesgreen for social or community callsgrey/blue for something with affairsblack for important mass protestsMy main issue is that the game is so narrativley driven that it feels a little contrived at points, it at times feels so chaotic with little means to correct course that it becomes overbearing. However, I feel its purposefully contrived in this manner to fulfill the narrative. I once thought a not Jack Boyd version of running the station would be fun but I've, after finishing, decided that that would ultimately be too much of an undertaking and take away from the overall feeling.THE GISTI could easily see myself re-playing this game because there are so many variables at play constantly and a couple of extremely major ones. But due to the highly narrative nature it would probably be far removed from the first playthrough. It's one of the more interesting titles I've played recently and one I found myself actually taking physical notes down for; I highly recommend the game but it's definitely not for everyone.Follow my curation for more"
,Recommended,443810,24785657,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Snowdude,"Have terrorists kill a whole church, because you send all your men to a kid that called the police because it didnt want to eat his brocolli 10/10"
,Not Recommended,443810,24957904,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Bodomi,"This review contains very minor spoilers.At the start of the game I found it to be a fantasic Managment Simulator with a decent story, but it quickly dropped in quality for me later down the line.The biggest reason is because of how linear the game is.I am obviously aware that the game is designed to be linear, but that doesn't mean you can't critique the game for it.You have to work with criminal gangs, indiviuals.You have to take part in unlawfull and unjust police work, an example:Unless you want budget cuts or spend $25.000 on forged evidence to back you up in court, you have to unlawfully stop peacefull protests by force.There are a multitude of other things youhaveto do that are illegal to reach your retirement fund goal, to keep your job etc...You are given virutally zero choice in the matter.As I started getting to the end game I got tired of the game, the story became worse, mostly due to how it was written, including grammatical errors, a lot of filler lines.I got tired of the bad voice acting, some of the actors it was painfully obvious they where standing in a studio reading a script.And the actual gameplay became extremely annoying, once I hit the Day 160 mark, every day I had 2+ offiers or detectives not come into work simply because they just didn't or because they where drunk.My employees started suing me for not letting them get off work every day to do things like(the following are actual excuses my employees gave me) spend time with their cats, watch a movie, watch TV or finish a book.The reason I enjoyed the game early on is because the above occured 99% less of the time than it did late-game.The above was also kind of a rant, I shall now make a more organized list of things I liked and disliked.Pros.Great soundtrack.Great atmosphere.A very nice art-style.A nice amount of references and jokes in the game. For example:One of the calls you get will be a reference to Ahmed the(scam artist) Clock Kid.Cons.The game gives the illusion that you have a choice in things or if what you say has any real meaning but it doesn't. The game is designed to be linear.You have to play as a criminal police chief, you are given the illusion of choice but if you do not help gangs and such you will get killed by them a few days into the game(in-game days).Your employees give horrible excuses to not come into work(to watch TV, a movie, read a book or play with their cats).If you don't let your employees skip days they will eventually plot against you and sue you which will lead to great consequences like cutting your salary by 90%, forcing you to fire over half of your police force etc... all because John couldn't finish his book and Jane couldn't play with her cats.If you do not follow along with the criminal orders of the mayor, like shutting down peacefull protests with deadly force, he will cut your police stations budget witch literally forces you to fire employees, which leads me to the next point;The logic in the game makes no sense. If you do badly 1 day the mayor will force you to fire 1 employee and will not accept any of your requests(+1 officer, +1 detective, improved SWAT team or a salary increase).But if you do good for a few days he will let you do the above. It makes no sense. If you fail to respond to a few calls because your police station is under-staffed, does it make sense to fire your staff and not let you hire better ones? I think not.You can cheat the game. Say something you don't like happens, like some of your officers die for example, you can just go to the Main Menu and start the day over again.This isn't too bad but this leads to ways to the cheat your way through the game because each day have the same missions.And some missions in the game are ""False Alarms"". Most False Alarms can be spotted through the mission text. But some are not obvious False Alarms, so say you send out 5 officers and a SWAT team to a false alarm of child abuse or something and then 2 real calls come in making you not able to send out any officers to those because you sent out 5 officers and a SWAT team to a False Alaram. Due to this you can play through almost an entire day, learn which missions are False Alarms etc... and re-start the day and not send any officers to those False Alarms as each day have the same missions every time.I feel as if this review isn't complete, doesn't contain everything I want to say but I think you get the picture.TL:DRThe game starts of great, you are even told you have the choice as to how you will make your retirement money!But you are quickly forced to do things, forced to do criminal work, you have no option has to how you make your retirement fund. You have to help criminals and gangs. The game is painfully linear even though you are told choices matter, even one of the tags here on Steam are 'Choices Matter'.The logic the game uses makes no sense:Officer 1: Hey Chief, can I get off work today? I wan't to play with my cat.You: No.Officer 1: Okay, I'm contacting the City Hall.City Hall: Hello <you>, we have been informed that you have bad working conditions and we will cut your salary by 90% and force you to fire 50% of your employees.HOW DOES THIS MAKE ANY SENSE?Horrible voice acting, semi-decent story, good soundtrack, art-style and atmosphere. Bad ending, left me with a feeling of ""That's it?"".About 20 hours of my total play time are idled hours, reasons are irrelevant.A side-note about positive reviews of this game; seemingly 90% of them are joke reviews. Don't let them discourage you."
,Recommended,443810,25639716,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,kinza,Hired Chris Lovasz. Died on his first assignment.Sips/10 - would hire again!
,Recommended,443810,25863674,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Ceaseless Duality,"This simulation, story-rich game was awesome. It was a lot of fun. I've seen some people comparing it toPapers, Please, which is kind of true. Those two games have a lot of similarities, but there are definitely significant differences.This Is the Policehas much more freedom of choice and a lot more story development.The story had a great noir feeling to it. I was a bit disappointed that all important characters were white men, but I suppose that is realistic in mid-1980s America, as it is today, considering these same white men are all powerful and corrupt. The story revolves around a police chief who has some really difficult decisions to make as all of these corrupt characters come to him with offers he certainly doesn't want to refuse (because of intimidation, if that wasn't clear).Honestly, several things the player comes across in this game might be a bit disturbing and/or depressing for some, just fyi. Police come across all sorts of bizarre, cruel, and disturbing crimes/cases. Thankfully, the game is not particularly graphic (in fact, the art is purposely vague and lacking in detail). However, just reading about such topics/themes can be triggering for some.Topics/themes that occur in the game either briefly or frequently: Murder, suicide, r/a/p/e, assault, robbery, vandalism, drug crimes, drug addiction, domestic violence, racism, sexism, misogyny, homophobia, ableism, animal abuse, and all-around f*ckery.The game mechanics are fairly simple. As police chief, the player decides how to delegate police officers day-to-day. The player decides which cops go to which crime scenes. This also involves deciding whether officers can take a day off; at the beginning of each day, pop-up messages will show their excuse. For example, someone's dog could've died the previous day or they could've come to work drunk. The player chooses which excuses are acceptable.One can choose to fraternize with the mafia, do the mayor's dirty work, do business with the Atticus Group, do favors for The Church, or help the Labor Union with their dirty work. Doing any of those things has pros and cons, but the worst con of all is becoming corrupt in the process.I've seen practically everyone complain about the endings. Honestly, I sincerely feel that the endings are completely, utterly fitting. I'm actually quite satisfied with the endings and glad that they didn't turn out differently.Spoiler ending discussion:No matter what you do in the game, the police chief has to do some terrible, corrupt stuff at some point. While his character might be overall not so terrible, I don't believe people who have done terrible things deserve some happily-ever-after ending. No matter who you choose to support in the end, both men are disgusting, pathetic excuses for human beings. The game forces you to choose one of them though, so regardless of how ""good"" you tried to keep the police chief, it doesn't matter. The moral of the story is that if you get in bed with villains, you take the chance of ruining your life. That's what happened to Jack.I do have a few minor complaints. There are things that game doesn't clear up that I'm left wondering about.Who did Laura run off with? Was her mother really not involved in what happened to Jack? Who killed Deputy Stettin and why? Who asked for the corpses and the car fuel?I saw that a lot of reviewers didn't like the repetition of the gameplay and that the narrative was so frequent. Honestly, I'm so confused by that. I thought the gameplay was fun the entire way through and that the story was interesting. I kind of wish that the story cutscenes happened more often. Perhaps those people just don't like sim games or story-rich games. Hmm? Ever think of that?!"
76561197980269901,Recommended,443810,24675622,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,S1lenci0,"*Spoiler alert incoming*Tried to play it clean and refused to help an old friend in the field with a mob problem: One day later he turns up headless with the rest of his family.  Failed to investigate chinese gang cause of....opposing thumbs, I guess. Refused to play ball with the mobsters. The force loved me, the crooks got caught. I got a bullet after looking at my plant one morning... Starting new game....10/10"
76561198111552865,Not Recommended,443810,30235401,Posted: 27 February,all,kingerso,"Like many I was excited by the game's concept, but disappointed by the delivery.  Choice is an illusion, and the game is unforgiving for beginners.  And by ""unforgiving for beginners"" I mean you have to either 1) get lucky or 2) die multiple times before you learn the mechanics.  This game is painful, and I say this loving painful resource mgmt strategy games (I have literally 100s of XCOM hours).On my 3rd start I thought I was finally getting the hang of the system, the mission types, and consequences of my choices.  At the first major decision point I decided not to use forceagainst the feminists.  I later sent 3 well trained officers against a guy with a knife and two died.  I sent out 4 more with the swat team to a bank robbery and two more fell (4 dead in a single shift).  Without the support of city hall it was over pretty quickly.  Start #4 I chose to use forceagainst the feminists.  This eventually prompted an investigation.My snitch found the two officers who would testify against me with two days left.  They were on the next day's shift so I held off buying the mob's target officers event until they were available to target.  The next day I bought the mob target... ""you're target job will be tomorrow at 10:00""... ok... would have been nice to know before, but... no problem... I'll just switch their shift.  That day the two officers didn't show up for work.  I lost 90% of my salary and 50% staff (staff cuts chosen at random not by you).  Needless to say I found myself at the end of play through #4 quickly after that.Could I have gone back, replayed every decision I made, and used the mob hit as the dev intended once I learned you had to account for a day's lag? Yes.  But after getting hit with crippling dice rolls/non intuitive mechanics for the 5th time I was done.  I've read others reviews comparing the game to Paper's Please, but it's more like Life Goes On.  You restart the game multiple times learning/memorizing the level, performing the same actions, until you start to feel like that's the point of the game.would not recommend"
76561198007440566,Recommended,443810,24723995,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Shadow,"So let's get one thing straight right off the top. This game may sound like you have the choice of being a good cop or a bad cop, but really you don't. I tried playing the good cop and refused to help the mafia or corrupt city hall at every turn and by day 12 I think it was, they shot me. Which basically tells me you must be a bad cop in order to last the 180 days because if you don't they just kill you. Now with that being said sure it makes the game a whole lot more linear as you basically just have to make all the bad cop choices along the way. But it has a great story so far, and I am really enjoying my experience.Everyday you get to manage your police force and send them on calls, its your choice who to send. You get to make plenty of other choices along the way as well. I don't want to spoil anything but I give this game a 9/10... was a 10/10 until I realized you can't play good cop unless you want to die a couple weeks in."
76561198104949475,Recommended,443810,25114674,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,zzirjontalbot,"Very good game, some issues with the political system later on in the game.The RAID mechanic turned out to be rather disapointing after all the build up.Alas the micromanagment, humor and originality of it all were more than enough to carry the game and get my recomendation."
,Recommended,443810,24692177,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Cheox,"A guy with a saw? Sure it'll be easy!*sends 3 cops* *bang, bang*. Two dead cops at the end.Want to manage police officers? CHECKWant to be part of a Mafia? CHECKWant to be the perfect police office or most corrupted? DOUBLE CHECK (independently)This simulated game will keep you entertained for hours. You may rank up your police officers (once per week), some may die, some retire, and some will get fired (by yourself). Create bogus evidence in your favor, may ignore investigations in favor of the mafia, pay for rats (informers) within your own police officers. Fail the Mayor and you will face consequencesCons:-The story is kind of linear. No random events (this can still be countered with your personal decisions on whether you want to be corrupted, clean or a mix of both).$14.99? Should be at least $20."
,Recommended,443810,25642831,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Culture//Shock,"A breath of fresh air, for the boys in blue.Over the years, I have played a variety of police games, majoritively speaking, they were Indeed, mediocre at best; but this game is different.When starting up the game you are put in the shoes of  gravelly toned police chief, Jack boyd, y'know the ones that drink whiskey constantly and smoke cigars like they are trying to replicate a certain Cuban dictator, oh yeah, that's Chief Boyd alright.You are tasked with controlling the police force for 180 days, til your dismissal, in a city that'd make 1920's Chicago blush, yes, we are talking about the city of freeburg. Your duty isn't all just serving and protecting however... balancing city hall's requests, keeping in good terms with the mafia (or trying to take it down like the goody two shoes cop you are), trying not to get ♥♥♥♥ed over by the labour union, etc.Not only do I love the moral (or in my case, rather Immoral) choices that add depth to the game, but I just absolutely adore the minimalistic art style of the game, using polygonal shapes rather than making accurate models, creating a very unique style that fits in with genre; without breaking the bank for the indie devs.Whilst it may be a tad repetitive, the introduction of new factions and gameplay mechanics help keep the game remaining fresh.What the game really lacks is replayability, after spending around 21hrs (correct as of writing this review) and completing the game, I honestly don't feel the need to go through the game a second time, what I would suggest to the devs of the inclusion of some sort of ""endless"" mode to be implemented.Overall, this a great game and is definately worth your time!8.5/10"
,Recommended,443810,34116154,Posted: 8 August,all,Master Zombo Ze Zombie,I sent 3 highly trained cops to stop a fight between two drunk men.None came home/10
76561198138202266,Not Recommended,443810,25189583,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,doxegiona,"After nearly 20 hours of playing this game, I have come to this conclusion (I did not finish the storyline, btw.).What I really love about this game is the ambiance. The art style is minimalistic and very simple, but in my opinion, that only adds positively to the experience. The voice acting is amazing. I will have to agree with some people saying that the lines could be delivered a little bit faster. Fortunately, you can read the subtitles and skip the sequence or the whole scene. What I also like is that you can choose the soundtrack you wish to hear in the gameplay. The music and the art style, the overall atmosphere make this game almost look like a ""Roman Noir"", which - I think - the developers were aiming for.The plot in itself (so far) is intruiging and interesting, altough it can be quite confusing sometimes.Unfortunately, I have to say many negative things about this game which keep me from giving it a thumbs up. First of all, as many others habe already mentioned, the game gets incredibly repetitive and boring after a while. And quite frankly, I stopped to give a damn about the crimes and cases - I just wanted to continue with the main storyline. In between the story scenes, there was just too much ""nothingness"". Send cops there, send cops there, send cops there, send cops there, and so on. The next point has to do with that: At first, the game mechanics are a challenge. You will have to think about where to send your cops, what might be false alarm. But later in the game, I just didn't care anymore because it was the same things over and over again. For example: In the beginning, you send your cops to the Police Academy so they might get a star and some XP. The XP don't really matter and later on, you can't even send your cops to the PA anymore. I feel like this was a feature that could have had such an amazing impact on the game, but it was just superfluous and added or changed nothing.Third parties (e. g. ""The Church"") don't matter at all. You can just ignore their missions and nothing will happen. In fact, if you do accept their missions, they will take a lot of your ressources, but in exchange you get nothing. Sometimes your cops might even quit after you send them to third parties (because my 80 years old Miss Price is now the bouncer of a gay nightclub).The game is sometimes unintentionally funny, but more in a bad, ridiculous way. There is a case: A woman runs around in the park, naked. But I don't have the cops to arrest her. The outcome is: Offender escaped. Civilian killed. HOW THE F DID SHE GET KILLED?! It's little things that don't make sense and that completely break immersion.At one point, I started to lose my cops and detectives. It's a vicious circle: Half your cops get killed. Then your shift will become ineffective because of the lack of ressources. Then some investigators come by, you get a penalty and lose more cops. The City Hall is butthurt and also makes you fire cops, which will make your shifts even more ineffective, thus come the investigators and take away more cops. But you can't just ""restock"" your shifts - the City Hall denies your requests and buying a new job slot is extremely expensive (22k $). This makes the game unplayable for me. Not because I were so dissatisfied with it, but because I literally can't play it without any cops!What also is disappointing, but not very negative, is that you have to be the bad cop. You cannot resist the Mafia - you will be killed if you don't aid them enough. This is just so that your gameplay matches the pre-programmed storyline how you are the mafia's bit*h.I cannot, by all means, say that this game is bad or waste of time or money. I am saying, however, that there is a lot of improvement to be done in order to be able to fully enjoy this game. I would not recommend buying it. The beginning of the game is great, but after not much time, you can see behind the mechanics and that breaks the experience for - at least - me."
76561198032213815,Not Recommended,443810,24759019,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Exwin,"The concept is good, but falls flat on the execution.Who hasn't wanted to be the chief of police of a city? You control everything from who works a shift to who gets sent on calls and which calls to ignore for various shady reasons.Unfortunately, it gets very repetitive, very quickly. The what I assume to be a mini loading screen of your car not starting until the 3 or 4th try that you sit through every day gets old. The record player at the start of the day should have a ""I don't freaking care, I've listened to every song 50 times, just go to the game map for f's sake"" -button.There really should be a ""meh"" review button. I can't whole heartedly endorse this game, but I don't hate it. It's just meh."
,Recommended,443810,24680708,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Bickers,"This Is The Police is a good game. Just released yesterday and I am addicted to it. Do you run you Police Station cleanly or are you dirty. Do you do as the Mayor says or do you have conscience. Not all crimes are as they appear, some you need to dig deeper and other are a wild goose chase."
,Recommended,443810,34324731,Posted: 18 August,all,poofierolls,Sent half of my men to go to high school due to suspecting senior students has white powder on their bag.- Apparently it is just white chalks powder.Sent one of my men to go for a modeling a day.- He quits as a police because he thinks he is better being a model.100/10
,Recommended,443810,25476832,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,TeddyStyle,"I found this gem at a twitch stream, since then I kinda liked this game and wanted to try it out. When I was at gamescom this year I got that chance and it got me even more hooked to the game than before. After that I bought it and it was worth my 20 euro's.The story is pretty good, although you are sort of the corrupt police officer you still try to do what is best for the city. The decisions you make really affect the whole game which is smart. It makes you want to play the game several times so you can try out the different scenarios. The voice acting according with the cutscenes are pitch perfect, it is as if the characters are standing next to me. The voices are accurate and fit within the personality. According with the sound effects, although not really at the same time as the pictures most of the time, are something extra that you really enjoy. It brings back the feeling of earlier like the cutscene is in front of you.The gameplay is pretty simple to explain. You start off with a staff of detectives and officers and you have to respond to incoming calls by sending them to the place. Although that doesn't sound very appealing the gameplay is very intense. You have to be in favor of the city hall, the maffia and your staff at all times. If not they will try to stand into your way of having an easy shift. Aside from that from certain missions the possibilities exists that it is a false alarm, the mission fails or that one of your crew members dies. That last option happens very often, from the 10 officers you start off with on day one I remained with 2 at the end of my game. You can also get calls to help city hall or the maffia or your friends, in exchange for money. When you friends ask you for help the chance exists that one of your staff starts working for them and quit. I struggled the most with the last couple of days because most of my officers were dead or didn't show up to work. I only feel like the detective system could use some more improvement because most of the time you end up with a dead case. Maybe it would be better to either make it easier or to change it to the confessions of the victim or bystanders. For example when your detective interviewed a bystander you create your own set of frames of how it happened and then you pick the most according one to what everyone said.The humor in this game is pretty good. When you take your time to read the text at every mission you won’t be disappointed. Some of the stories are pretty funny and when you get to decide what step your officers take next you also won't get disappointed. Two choices are serious and one is a funny one. To add even more irony is that the funny one often works too to get the mission finished. I also feel like the mission creators have a weird thing for naked people.The biggest pity in this game, really for me this is aside of the detective system the worst one, is that you have to pick your own songs while in a shift. I find it way easier to just search a playlist on youtube and listen to that. I like the idea of composing your own songs for a game but it isn't worked out very well. It should be that the player can make his own playlist of the ingame songs or that there is constant ingame music.Overall it is a good pickup, certainly for the price that it is at. For 40-60 euro's I wouldn't pick this up but for this price you aren't really tricked. This game is worth your playtime if you are interested. I would like to see a game where you can be the corrupt mayor. That sounds like a fun idea."
76561198002567771,Recommended,443810,24715955,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Xenus Icelon,"This is the Police is a mostly story based game in which the player takes control of a police department as Jack Boyd, chief of police and on the path to an unwanted early retirement.You will uncover intrigue, mafia plots, a serial killer, and many criminals trying to hide from the law during a playthrough, interspaced with regular calls for the police to respond to.As it is a mostly story based game, the mood and setting is excellent, with perfectly fitting music. excellent voice acting and a story that makes you want to keep going through the days to see how things go and what will come of them. As such I would recommend playing it blind, and without prior knowledge of the plot past the basics. The story does not disappoint, though you will have to accept that the game is telling you a story, rather than giving you a sandbox or deep gameplay experience if you are to enjoy it.During your 180 days before retirement, you will be able to deal with the mafia, sketchy business owners asking for some questionably legal help, and the regular crimes happening in the city of Freeburg. All this while you are given a motivation of collecting half a million. A number you will likely have to do some less moral things to achieve.Most of the gameplay is simple. I can not call it great, but it certainly isn't bad either. You dispatch officers to calls and occasionally get a multiple choice about how they should proceed while at the scene. While these are some of the more interesting, the results of a call are always one of a few options. The criminal can escape or be captured, the cops can get killed or survive, and a bystander can be killed or survive. There is nothing in between, it's dead or alive without any injuries or details on how many civilians got killed.Further, there is an investigation minigame, in which your detectives find photo frames and you have to personally arrange them in the right order to unlock the next step- An arrest of whoever did it. I've found this personally to be incredibly difficult, with vague frames and sometimes missing information. This is sadly to the point where I have now stopped playing the game as I can not solve investigations without help from someone else. While I applaud the idea of this puzzle, I personally just can not enjoy it.A disappointment was the gang and mafia system, which appears at a glance to be an interesting net of people to combb through, but in truth is just a straight line up to the top where if you fail once, the entire gang becomes off limits to you and you can't continue an investigation or try to arrest them. At a glance there is depth to the gameplay, but this illusion is quickly dispelled once you play.In short, This is the Police is a great game if you accept it for what it is. A story-driven game with some basic gameplay to hold you over in between story segments, not a police simulator and certainly not a detective game. You hire the detectives, you don't go out with them. It is priced appropriately, and well worth what it asks as a good story and overall pleasant experience."
,Not Recommended,443810,33638272,Posted: 18 July,all,Dowie,Ending is terribad.
76561198055146098,Recommended,443810,24761558,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Frozeni,"Kind of a staff management and strategy game mix, with good story and dialogue. The Duke Nukem voice actor really brings the text to life :)Also the balancing you have to do in order to keep Mafia, Mayor and your own staff happy is really well done ^^"
,Recommended,443810,26361393,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Nowhy,"This game is really fun, of course. Basically I am a fan of the old-time-style, and I enjoy jazz a lot. You can find all of these presented in the game decently. However, now I have played the first 30 days (out of 180 days I suppose), and started to feel a little bit bored because of the repetitiveness of the gameplay. I think I only explored 30% of the game content now, but it becomes less motivating for me because each day passes too slow.PROS:1. Good music, if you like jazz and some classical music.2. Awesome narrative. Boyd feels so real.3. Nice story line, so far.4. The cases seem to be not randomized (investigations are surely not, which you can find out in the guides). It probably gives some advantage for S/L, but I never tried. Not sure about the employee-related events.CONS:1. BGM stops after the first song. Then you have to manually go and choose another. I guess this is a simulation of the phonograph, but it does bother me a little.2. Need a function to speedup the time flow.3. You can't see the branching of the story, if there really are some branches.4. Days become boring after you are familiar with what's going on. Really needed an accelerator at this stage.5. I sometimes have some trouble figuring out who are senior employees and who are Asian employees. It's better to display such information in the detailed view of each cop.You need to fire/hire employees of certain age/ethics depending on the government orders.------------------------中文分割线---------------------------------游戏很有趣。音乐比较符合我的口味（爵士为主，有一点古典乐可选）。然而是以唱片形式播放的，放完一首歌还要去播放界面手动换碟……还有个设定是会随游戏时间推出新碟，新碟还要用自己的积蓄去买。这对于走铁公鸡路线的我有点残忍……画面比较简洁，有一些效果上的渲染，突出怀旧的风格。故事线应该是上世纪八十年代，因为里面提到手机才刚刚出现。分支方面应该是有一些的，但是具体哪些选择会影响分支显示的不明显，除了选则帮不帮黑手党干活这种显而易见的选择。日常上的比如是否完成了政府的要求比如开除所有黑人警察之类的，这些目前我还没看出来有什么作用。可能是累积到一定程度触发BE吧。平时日常就是接接案子，出个警。偶尔有调查是需要派探员，等线索出来以后有点点解密的成分。雇员的工资不是自己出的，所以雇人的时候选属性高的就好。一个主要问题是重复度太高。我现在玩到30天，就开始觉得日常无聊了。还没发现有没有加速的功能，日常每天早7点上班晚2点下班等时间流逝好焦心。我个人觉得游戏还是值这个价的，当然我是66折入的，感觉不亏。"
76561198040361493,Recommended,443810,25214369,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Ropeman,You get to taser a streaker masquerading as Jesus Christ. 10/10.
76561198175874878,Not Recommended,443810,30710844,Posted: 24 March,all,Phoenix,"This game was good near the beginning and is at time even a little exciting and you feel like your choices matter. However after a few days into the game it begins to get very reppettetive (don't think i spelt that right). However i feel i can bear through repetition for the story. However you begin to realise that your choices dont actually matter at all and usually only result in a photoshopped cutscene to make it look like things have changed. My biggest hatred for this game after spending 40 hours of my life that could have been spent doing something is that god awful ending. No matter what you choose at the end, no matter if you have the half million it is still the exact same except your bag of money is a photoshopped to have less or more money. This game had potential but it lacks so much to what it could've achieved."
76561197995760735,Not Recommended,443810,25229651,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,ReSiDeNt_EviL,"I would like to start by saying that I have just completed the game today and having done so can honestly say that a simple yes or no answer when it comes to recommending this game does not suffice. I really want to give it a thumbs up as there is so much good in this game but ultimately when you build a game around the story and that is a let-down then the thumb has to go red. I would also like to add that if I had reviewed this game prior to completing it I would have given it a thumbs up.PositivesInteresting characters and good character developmentLoads of choices to make with visible and invisible consequencesOriginal style of gameplayGreat music – awesome blues / jazz soundtrack with lots of varietyCool visual delivery of the story. The cartoon board style really felt like it fit the game for meNegativesDay to day management of the police force gets repetitive in the middle of the game (only due to long gap between story sections)The end game is a touch unrealistic for me. Most of the goings on you can imagine happening in real life but for me the end game was a bit far-fetched.The choices you make during the game ultimately don’t really mean anythingThe music player is annoying in that you have to keep going back into the music screen when the song ends and it just seems unnecessary. This is a very personal and minor thing and really doesn’t affect the game at all.CharactersThe characters are a major plus in this game. They are rich and diverse and they genuinely elicited and emotional response from me one way or another. There is plenty of back story as well helping to develop all the main characters. This is a great achievement in a game for this amount of money and some serious thought / research has gone into this. I thought the voice acting was great throughout as well and really helped you get a sense for each character.Story / GameplayFor this type of game i.e. gameplay being minimal, story is everything. It grips you from the word go and kept me playing for many hours straight. The game gives you clear objectives at the start and releases the explanation and backstory around those objectives to you in ‘chunks’ throughout the game keeping you strapped in for the most part. There are points however where the day to day management of your police force becomes a little tedious / repetitive due to the large number of days before the next piece of story is revealed. I would like to say however that the developers have done a great job in making a very repetitive day to day environment as interesting as they possibly could with the various tasks you are asked to complete. The inventive ways in which criminals disguise their flagrant criminal requests with inventive, honest sounding language made me chuckle a lot.There is plenty of choice throughout the game and a lot of the in game events are quite comical especially some of the false calls you receive (one in particular about a guy seeing a garden full of satanic nymphs sticks with me). The story for me is the game’s biggest strength, in that it made me want to play until the end and made me feel like my choices made a difference. However the story is ultimately its biggest weakness in that the end of the game was a massive let-down for me (and plenty of others judging by the forums) and it dawned on me that ultimately none of the choices I had considered and made during the course of the game made any real difference and the central premise of the game is a complete red herring which it did not have to be. Although there are slightly different endings (again according to the forums) I have no interest in seeking them out or playing the game ever again for that matter.I would like to finish by highlighting what the sale page on Steam says about the game. My points are in bold.•	Your mission is clear: make $500,000 in 180 days, before Jack Boyd reaches retirement. How? That’s up to you! – This is the biggest red herring in the whole game. Maybe the developers were trying to send a deeper message here?•	Decisions, decisions! This Is the Police is all about a dark story and how you react to it. Whatever you decide, your choices will influence the game – and the fate of Jack Boyd. – I disagree with this. There are certain things that will cause you to fail the game before the end but you almost have to try to make this happen. As long as you approach the game with a sense of normality then you’ll be fine.•	The Good, the Bad, and... the Ugly? The Chief of Freeburg's Police Department deals with all kind of people. It is up to you to find the bad guys, and decide how to deal with them. – There are multiple ways of dealing with people and it keeps the game interesting while you are playing but looking back it seems to make very little difference in the end.•	Carry out your duties. As head of Freeburg PD, Jack deals with all sorts of challenges every day: responding to emergencies, managing his officers, defending the department against City Hall and a corrupt mayor, and much more. – This is the core gameplay element and I believe this was well executed and worked pretty well throughout the game.•	Solve Investigations and gather evidence against the criminal gangs of Freeburg. – Looking back to the game the investigations are almost like a mini-game although they should matter more in the end. Regardless of how many serious criminals you catch or how many gangs you destroy, it doesn’t matter beyond changing a few minor gameplay options as far as I can tell.•	Deal with the competing powers of the city. Everyone offers you favors, and each one comes at a price. – Managing the different factions seems like a choice at the start but again very little comes of it.•	Rich and fully voiced story: Jack Boyd is portrayed by Jon St. John, the voice of Duke Nukem. – Couldn’t agree more. The voice acting was excellent throughout and the delivery / content of the story was very good throughout hence me actually wanting to finish the game. The ending just didn’t work for me."
,Not Recommended,443810,29485850,Posted: 25 January,all,gnolam,"TL;DR: The real crimes in this game are committed against game design.Let's start with the infuriating, needless time wasting:There is an intro that plays every time you start the game that can't be disabled and can't be skipped with a simple key press - instead, you have to hold down the left mouse button for a couple of seconds. In itself, that wouldn't be so bad, but...Then there is the car starting cutscene: a cutscene that would have served its purpose if playedonceat the start of each of the game's three story sections is instead played at the start ofevery day.Every. Single. Day.This is the kind of atrocious design that just shouldn't be seen on a game developed this side of the mid-'90s. Furthermore, it is so trivially fixable that that the developers haven't despite all the complaints means that they are either outright delusional or just don't care.The core of the actual gameplay is ok: you spend each day looking at a - quite stylish, in one of the few things the game does right - miniature model of the city, deciding which resources to dispatch to incoming 911 calls. Some calls can be handled by a single officer, some calls might require half a dozen officers and a SWAT team, some calls are false alarms, and some calls are more serious than they first appear. Dispatching an officer, SWAT team or police van means that they become unavailable for other calls until they return all the way to the police station, so your job is to figure out how much to commit to each call. That's it. Unfortunately, it is rather shallow, and for me it wore out its welcome less than a third of the way into the game.The gameplay too could be way snappier: aside from some start-of-the-day (request resources from City Hall, hire more cops) and end-of-the-day (investigation puzzles) bookkeeping, your time is just spent waiting for the next event to respond to, so the game could be run at twice the speed without suffering for it.Note that I said thecoreof the gameplay. Again, they have piled awful design decisions on top of it.Throughout the game you are randomly punished, which is straight out of Game Design Don'ts 101: cops decide not to show up, or get tired, or get killed snitching for you, or fail training completely randomly at the start of each day.The effects of the choices you make during events are frustratingly opaque: I actually finished the game, and I still don't know if the choices I made during eventsmade any difference to my success or failure whatsoever.Investigations, in which you try to puzzle together a sequence of events from still frames and witness testimonies, tend to boil down to ""guess the correct frames, then try every permutation of them until you stumble onto the correct one"", as the intended sequence of frames is often counterintuitive and impossible to guess from the supplied information. And as there is no penalty for guessing wrong - time freezes during investigations - it turns into just another pointless time waster.I could go on, but enough about the gameplay, onto the story. As the game's store description proudly proclaims, ""Decisions, decisions! This Is the Police is all about a dark story and how you react to it. Whatever you decide, your choices will influence the game – and the fate of Jack Boyd.""What it boils down to is this: twice during the game you get to make a choice - support incumbent character A or rising star character B. So what difference does that choice make to the gameplay and story? Answer:none whatsoever. The only difference is literally just a search-and-replace of the characters' names at the end.Your day-to-day decisions don't matter, the grand story decisions don't matter. Some might consider this a poignant comment on the human condition or some nonsense like that; I simply consider it bad game design."
76561198025468451,Recommended,443810,34171913,Posted: 11 August,all,little_gatherer,"One thing I hate about this game is, when you are unable to fulfil City Hall's needs, instead of helping in any way they just make it HARDER to do your job (read: play the game) by making you fire, or lose a space for, an officer. So wait, I run out of officers for one day because there happened to be a lot of emergencies, I for some reason am the ONLY police station in the entire city, AND as a reward I get LESS officers to work with!? Hell once I was punished because, on my FIRST investigation, I couldn't solve it in 4 days. As a result, you guessed it, I had to kick an officer off the force.It's fun, don't get me wrong, but so much is backwards in terms of traditional and fun game design. And the Steam preview photos could definetely be more clear. 50% of the time you're staring at a cityscape and sending out police officers, not going through a sort of Interactive Fiction or Interactive Story like the previews imply. The rest is usually just plot and cutscenes, which is again, really cool it's just not what I expected. If you like stragety games, this might be a blast. It could use a lot more explanation in some ways, specifically what exactly a ""consequence"" is for something failed, and what gets you a game over vs a penalty."
76561198115812513,Recommended,443810,24789331,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,King Skywhale,"I just beat this game and first thing I have to say is buy it. I don't care if you read the rest of this, just buy the game.StoryThe story is fantastic, and it puts you into a lot of situations that you don't want to be in. Do I work with the mafia? Do I follow city hall's order to stop a veteren protest by force? Do I let this crime happen and get 3000 dollars on the side? It makes a very good story. All of these choices also make the game to where you can play it in so many ways. Dirty cop, moral cop, or just bad cop.GameplayThe original game is simple: Get a call, send police, arrest suspect. The game goes on and investigations become a thing, and that's fun. Then it gets complicated. City hall orders you to beat the crap out of feminists protesting. If you decline, funding is cut. If you accept, you then go through the prosecuter's office. Likely budget gets cut, but not if you blame it on city hall, then budget gets cut but THEY get the blame. Now you have another ordeal: They are in control of everything, so they can just stop supplying you with budget for officer positions, swat equipment, and money in general. Well, a solution appears: Mafia. They offer cash so you don't have to follow the corrupt officials at city hall. You take the offer, and now they have you in their pocket.LEVEL 1: NEXT MAJOR ISSUEGang wars, political wars, wars wars wars, you get caught in the middle. Your choices determine the end of the city. The game continues to offer new factions to side with, granting you new mechanics like being able to assassinate officers you can't fire, intimidating prosecuters so they back off, being able to shrug off a command by city hall. It offers a new level of thought into every situation. Also, as I mentioned, this offers SO MANY WAYS TO PLAYAnyway, now that you read me spit out this stuff, go play the game."
,Recommended,443810,24737649,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,RatofDeath,"What a ride. Very intense, and pretty dark. I spontaneously bought it on day one because the art style intrigued me on the store front page and the gameplay video looked like something I've never quite seen.I immediately played through the game in two very long sittings. It completely captured my attention.There are some flaws, and some annoying things, having to chose a song to play every single morning gets a bit annoying after the 50th time, for example. Also some of the multiple choice decisions during some calls are unnecessarily silly and very obviously wrong, to a point that it broke my immersion a few times. And I wish the way you handle some of the cases, especially the protests/riots, would have a bigger impact than ""oh, the city hall is angry at you for a day or so"".But other than those small annoyances, it was a great game. Very immersive, very intense, the RNG is super mean at times, but it never feels unfair. But sending a couple of your favorite officers to what sounds like a routine call only to somehow lose 4 of them to an explosion feels very intense. Also some of the compromises you have to make can end up costing one of your officers' life, I always felt pretty guilty because of that. Each officer's death was an intense moment to me.And the game really shines in the investigations. I loved piecing the puzzles together and everything. The story is very somber and at times quite dark. It's not a feel good story. And no matter how hard you try, it's impossible to be a completely good cop. You have to make compromises. You have to sacrifice some of your integrity at the beginning. But I personally think it pays off."
76561198078714683,Recommended,443810,25743235,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Croc Hunter,This game deserves a LOT more attention than it already does.
76561198062543747,Recommended,443810,30952929,Posted: 4 April,all,Trident_85,"A good game. Great soundtrack, even if the mechanics are a little bit simple,but nevertheless a great game and an example of morality. How deep will you as police-chief go to get the job done and hoe many will perish because of your chioces? Your goal is to make it to retirement. You are damned if you do fight crime and damned if you do not. If you liked Papers Please, this game might be your thing."
,Recommended,443810,29603037,Posted: 31 January,all,Howlux,"The best simulator of a police captain. Best music, good gameplay. 10/10"
,Not Recommended,443810,28928967,Posted: 1 January,all,Mechavomit,"Boy, I wanted to like this game. And I nearly did.First off, it's extremely shallow. You'll get whole thing in a few minutes. And then... that's it. That's the whole game. So you'd better be ready for that.Given that that's the case, you need to buy into the story. And I did at first. Then 30 days or so (i.e. about 1/6 into the game), an unpreventable scripted event happens.After that, the main character changes completely. From a hardboiled, down on his luck police chief, the main character becomes a hipster piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Maybe it fits, maybe it doesn't. But the character shift has nothing to do with any choice you've made as a player. And it completley changes the guy you're playing. I went from sympathizing with him to hating him.And that tore the veil off of the incredibly shallow gameplay. Because, for me, once I stopped caring about the main character, I lost interest in the repetitive, meaningless gameplay, that lacked serious decisions or impact. The Jack Boyd I liked got erased I was left with rotely responding to calls and waiting for my detectives to get ""frames"" in ridiculously rote ""investigations"".It's promise squandered, for me."
76561197972801440,Recommended,443810,31169752,Posted: 15 April,all,Nyarlathotep,"Get it on sale for sure.  This game is WAY too long and drawn out.  The grind gets monotonous.  That said, it is fun when it is fun.  I think I got it for $3 - $4 bucks or so on sale and feel that is fair."
76561198325756197,Recommended,443810,30774048,Posted: 27 March,all,SalmaX33,"Does the ending suck? yes. can it get repetitive if you force yourself to play? yes. But i cant help but recommend this game. It's good. It's fun. If you like resource managment or want to give it a try, this is a game for you."
,Not Recommended,443810,25527567,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Olivier,"I enjoyed This is The Police, but after yet again being killed (day 23 this time), I have no will to keep going, and I can't recommend this game.Every single playthrough is the SAME. The SAME calls will be made on the SAME days on the SAME time. The only ""randomness"" is the cops you hire and can sometimes die where they didn't last time. The starting cops are ALWAYS the same as well.The fact that the game doesn't give you an option to go back to ANY day you want (as opposed to the seemingly arbirtrary ""autosave"" it gives you to load back) breaks the game for me. I have no incentive to replay the game yet again just to go through exactly the same scenarios all over again.The worst part is that I know what decision made me fail, and if I could just reload the game to a single earlier day, I would be able to keep going. But no, the only choices I have is go back to day 12 or 5, or start a whole new game all over again.No thanks. I'm sadly done with this game."
76561197975428926,Recommended,443810,24679829,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Houser,"Threw a rubber sex doll at a criminal with a hostage, defused the situation successfully, the suspect was apprehended.1000000/10"
76561198005866897,Recommended,443810,24676051,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,ExLeper,"This is a decent game. It's got an interesting story; it's easy to play; and, most importantly, it's fun. You play a police chief with 180 days to go until his retirement. The crooked mayor wants it to go smoothly with no problems, and your crooked deputy is making deals with the mafia."
,Recommended,443810,25614110,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,ヾJεssiçåゞ,"Paid $15 and maybe play only once, but I still give 11/10.Very good story.I like the ending.I do feel upset when I realize everything I did is for nothing.But $50m is not what Boyd want, it's about his wife, and she doesn't even remember.So how much you earned is not really matter.What for?""In everybody's life there's a point of no reture. And in a very few cases, a point where you can't go forward anymore. And when we reach that point, all we can do is quietly accept the fact. That's how we survive."""
76561198092183584,Not Recommended,443810,30974600,Posted: 6 April,all,dhwig,"Interesting idea, and the gameplay itself isn't half bad. I am, however, severly bothered by the fact that you cannot play through the game as a law-abiding, morally uncorrupt police chief. You literally cannot play through the game this way. Is the game pushing an anti-police political narrative? In my opinion, yes."
,Recommended,443810,32582418,Posted: 19 June,all,RamenGamin Star Shooter,"Fun if you like to talk to yourself and comment about the officers and detectivesAll in all, its a great game and worth the money. A simple cop simulator with a good story I say"
76561198198835342,Recommended,443810,24707340,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Stoicism,"Whether you should buy it or not probably depends on how much bang you want for your buck.It's a relatively simple game which mostly involves you hiring, firing and despatching police officers in your crime-infested city, with bits of narrative in-between. I thought it was good fun, though at about the 5 hour mark, after firing all my deadbeat cops, and training up the rest, it started to get a little easy and repetitive.One thing I can say in this game's favorite is that the writing does not shy away from sensitive topics. It's a non-politically correct breath of fresh air.Good soundtrack too."
76561198255987092,Recommended,443810,25104867,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Gregory44,"I absolutely love this game. Its highly addictive and the gameplay is really fun. I do, however, have some complaints. For one, the story line is great but a bit too much. Really most of its just flat out boring and takes so much time away from the excellent game play element. I do get that the coruption and hidden motivations provided in the story line contribute to the overall mood of the game, but is still a little too much at times. My biggest complaint by far, however, is that it takes forever to start up and crashes like crazy because the story line begins before the main menu even if its you're millionith time opening it. I get it, you guys have a corrupt cop story, but that doesnt mean anything if the game wont open on my computer. Besides that, insanely fun game and I highly recommend it."
76561198118929441,Recommended,443810,24986044,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,atan1357,"A cool game that brings an interesting twist to resource management, but it soon becomes very VERY repetitive. Still worth checking out though"
76561198074018997,Recommended,443810,26647366,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Kurt Cocaine,"I honestly didn't think I would like this game, but after having a look at the screenshots I thought I'd give it a try.I am now hooked on it, being a Police Officer is pretty difficult, who would've known!.. Being a corrupt Police Officer working for the Mafia is just as awesome as you would expect to be.The humor in this game is hilarious too, with a very engaging story, especially the investigation side of things, where you need to gather evidence and make your decision on how things happened or to take down a serial-killer.Definitely one of the more fun Management/Strategy games out there!"
76561198166006383,Recommended,443810,25349937,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,aclockworkgreg,"I started watching this game on YouTube when it came out, and knew it was something I had to experience. That is ultimately what this game is: an experience. The simplistic gameplay is a means to transport you from one piece of the narrative to the next, and the narrative of this game kept me hooked the entire time.A lot of people seem to dislike this game for not giving you a real choice, or comparing it to a visual novel. I can agree with this, however I was not turned off by either of these aspects. The entire narrative of the game is supposed to deprive you of choice, because it is playing off the themes of corruption and addiction. You are the main character, and the developers did a fantastic job of portraying the hopelessness of his situation to you.As far as the gameplay goes, it as about as simple as it gets. Every day you have officers come up with excuses about why they need to call out, you can say yes or no and then you start your day. Jobs come up, you select the officers you feel can get the job done, and they go out there to do their job based on their level of professionalism. Sometimes they call you for back up or advice on how to handle the situation, and sometimes a special event will pop up. On the detectives' side, cases pop up where your detectives silently look for frames in the background and you solve them when they've completed the picture.So, when you take these two aspects into account...siple gameplay+linear narrative, you'd think this game was a recipe for disaster. But it is not, at all. I'll be the first to admit that this game has almost no replay value for me, and I am ok with that. I feel like for $15 the developers gave me a gaming experience I was happy to go through. If you are in the mood for a good narrative, this is worth it. If you are in the mood for the next Grand Theft Auto, then look elsewhere. This is sort of like a movie with added gameplay elements. You either love it or hate it, I loved it."
76561198235045872,Not Recommended,443810,34519438,Posted: 26 August,all,BatChicken1,"I played until the end after much frustration, only to be rewarded with loads of unanswered questions and a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ feeling. Sure, unanswered questions are good and allow the person to make up their own stories, but in some cases (without spoilers) in this game it wasn't good. The ""♥♥♥♥♥♥ feeling"" stems from the fact thatno matter what you do, good cop/bad cop/corrupt, whatever, there is no positive ending. I get it, ""realism hur dur dur"" and all that but everything the game had built up to the final day, only to have what are both ""bad endings"".So , if you enjoy wasting your time, then go ahead and buy the game; but if you like good results, I can't reccomend it."
76561198132572326,Recommended,443810,32037555,Posted: 29 May,all,missmerve,"Too long, gets repetitive after a certain time than you realize you've not even played half of it yet. BUT the story, graphics and game mechanics are so good, a must play for a gamer. And the MUSIC is wonderul. So even though I got bored half way through the game considering it's relatively cheap price I recommend this games unique exprerience."
76561198004171929,Recommended,443810,25865930,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Mr. Wolf,"The story is so close to reality and well written, thank you so much for this great experience. The only bad thing is you cannot set up patrols and there is not much of a choice for you to choose. Get it on sale you won't regret it. Feel like a police chief because you will become one. :)"
,Recommended,443810,24921892,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,J. Hendrix,One thing I like about this game is that the story can change with every choice etc. If you upset the Town Hall you don't get what you want. And if you upset the mafia there will be more and more consequences.Would recommend.
76561198003292839,Recommended,443810,24778881,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,FLKttn,"I really enjoyed this game.The '70s ""police noir"" setting is very appealing and the story, albeit quite cliché for the genre, is interesting enough.What also helps is an overall strong performance from the voice cast, with only one or two of the characters missing the mark at times. The main character pulls the heaviest load, obviously, and he does a very fine job at it.The music is also absolutely stellar which helps set the tone, along with the distinct artstyle.The game does drag on for a couple of the longer midgame stretches, and I feel that the 180 days could easily have been shortened to 120 or so with no ill effect. That said, it is a competent time/resource management sim.Especially interesting is how it pays off to read the flavor text of each assignment.You might be able to send a full squad of 10 officers and a SWAT-team to a crime scene - but if the call was made by an angry old lady who has difficulty telling sugar sprinkles from cocaine, those resources are probably better spent elsewhere...You also get more complex ""investigation"" cases that provide some small thoughtwork to break up the endless cycle of dispatch calls. They're simple but interesting and effective.One small criticism would be that the choices you make throughout your carreer may some timesfeelsignificant, but be aware that they very rarely change the story in any meaningful way. This is a preset narrative and any illusion of choice is just that. This isn't a ""choose your own adventure"" type of game, and the plot follows a rather strict line to a predetermined end.As long as you are aware of this, you should be able to enjoy the plot for what it is, and the game relies more on atmosphere - which is it is steeped in- than the exact details of the A to B story anyway."
76561198028372953,Recommended,443810,25012382,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Shade,"""this game holds a mirror up to the situation (even if it shows some ugly things) rather than simply being a place to live out the ideal and more easily forget the harsh realities that need to be changed in the real world"" - Geewhizbatman (RPS review comment section)THIS GAME IS A GREAT NOIRMost of the bad review's complaints can be summurized to just - ""OH! I don't have a freedom to be super honest/good, I can't make everyone happy and continue to wear my pinky glasses all the time. I can't be captain Shepard!""Well, guess what... THIS IS GOD DAMN NOIRYou won't find here some moral highground to observe and judge othersTHis is an honest game about real world (you can believe it's distant, whatever helps you sleep at night). It asks hard questions, it often punishes you for morally right choices. It doesn't discuss with you whether or not you are racist, corrupt, good, bad or ugly. These thing are up to you to decide, but if you won't be able to survive in the system, welp... as Frank Sinatra once put it ""That's life..."".In other words - that's the conditions of the game. If a lot of people might hate bullet-hell games for gameplay reasons, I guess some people migh aswell hate games like that for narrative reasons.So, please buy it if you like noir or/and good managment games. This is a unique experience of wonderfull storytelling, challanging managment-game and even more challanging strategy where your personal moral choices might be the hardest part of the game."
,Recommended,443810,31732780,Posted: 13 May,all,Z4NN1N,"A bit too lenghty and thus day-to-day police management gets repetitive but overall a good and enjoyable game that focuses purely on your decision making and logic when solving the various crimes. A perfect, what I would call a side-game, which can be enjoyed while watching TV etc."
76561198275168509,Recommended,443810,25184224,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,meowinghat,Now this is a game that has a strong story alot of replay value but my only problems are the crimes happen in the same order every play through (please make this diffrent) and you have to be corrupt or you die on day 11 other than that i think it's well worth the 15.00 8.5/10 worth a buy.
76561198027947026,Recommended,443810,24704738,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,nlight,"In this game you play as a corrupt police chief on his way to amassing some sweet retirement cash mostly from bribes and doing jobs for the mafia. In its core This is the police is a strategy game where you dispatch officers to deal with ongoing crime, There is a reminiscence of roguelike permadeath mechanics and random events with various choices ala FTL. On top of that you get a decent plot, some of the best writing in video games, plenty of voiced cutscenes with a gritty cartoon style that fits the atmosphere perfectly and a sizable list of classic Jazz tracks.Also you can destroy SJW protests with tear gas and SWAT teams. Buy this game now."
,Recommended,443810,24715074,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,RushiDeSwag21,"Does this game remind you of the animated disney movie?A tough, but a rewarding game based on your actions commited throughout the gameplay. Its either you play as the good cop or the bad. Only the bad, ugly, strong, and the dishonest can rule and survive the city of Freeburg. You play by the books, and this city will swallow you up whole. I recommend you get this game. P.S. it's like Zootopia but in a very dark dystopia future of the corrupted law."
76561198091949345,Recommended,443810,25311832,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,LeoJFBR,The game is interesting...It's definitily inovative and has a nice concept.But the thing is that it gets really repetitive and kinda boring after 4 or 5 hours.Worth buying in sales but not in full price.
,Recommended,443810,24731387,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Gnejs,"I've played it for 9 hours straight today, really enjoying it, the police management seems a bit easy and simplified after a while but the all the stories in between makes it all really interesting. Didn't expect the game to be this long but I can see now that I am not even close to the end and that it also seems to have replay value as well.A positive surprise overall."
,Recommended,443810,24711023,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,robeywan,"It's one of those games that compels you to take one more turn, then you look at your clock and it's the following Tuesday.This is the Police is one of those games for me.Walking the tightrope between being an upstanding police chief and a corrupt sociopath is a role you're forced into thanks to a few series of events that are out of your control. It's brutal at times, hilarious sometimes, and fun always.My first run (around 4 hours) which was full of intertwining story threads and pained decisions that I enjoyed making. It ended in the blink of an eye (the feds walked in, flashed their badges and I was met with just a blank screen reading ""YOU'RE IN JAIL. GAME OVER"") and my campaign was brought to an abrupt end. Although that was pretty frustrating (I would have at least liked a summary of all the charges I was brought up on) it didn't stop me from jumping straight back in.Highly recommend. Good fun."
76561198055380148,Recommended,443810,25052757,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,OctoberRaven,"If you're looking for a happy story, and a happy ending, you won't find it here.If you're looking to be a totally Lawful Good white knight, you definitely won't find that here.This isn't that kind of story. This is a noir crime drama. Your hands WILL get dirty. You WILL have to do unethical things to keep your job, your life, and get that half a mil. Your actions and inactions will have consequences. Cops will die on your watch. Civilians will die from your failures.If you're not turned away by what I just said? GET. THIS. GAME.Cons and Pros below. SPOILERS.Cons:-Some of the detective puzzles can be vague.-There are TWO timeskips. You don't have 180 days. More like 100.-City Hall and Mob Requests have no timer, put guys on it now or be penalized. Very frustrating at times.-Poker games in late-game are horribly programmed; AI will fold when checking is possible, and you can call a bet only for the AI to bet AGAIN before the next card is played.-At one point cops will refuse go to alone if the call doesn't force a one-cop scenario; this makes having troublesome cops killed by the mob frustrating.-Losing music options in timeskips. Also not enough classical. Also you get the intro to Swan Lake but not the finale wtf.-No random calls. Ever. You can reload a day and it will be the exact same calls at the exact same time, always. Really hurts replayability.Pros:-Simplistic comic book graphics make for great look.-Wonderful voice acting and dialogue. Plot is also superbly written.-Easy to learn, tough to juggle management.-Some of the recruitable characters are hilarious. Example: A Hulk Hogan lookalike named REX KWAN-DO.The cons are minor compared to what this game does RIGHT. Very recommend."
76561198002450835,Recommended,443810,29433989,Posted: 22 January,all,Nutlaw,"The gameplay is fun, as managing your limited resources to respond to issues and solve crimes is simple but enjoyable. All of the police management, from choosing whether or not to accept their excuses for skipping work to firing them (with or without cause) to giving promotions, is well done. The story itself is a little less appealing, as I don't like old school choose your own adventure stories that simply stop with the game ending at unexpected points. I was trying to play as a moderately honest cop, but simply got shot in the head at one point after a few hours' gameplay. Was it realistic? Sure. Did it make for a fun game mechanic for my game to end without any particular warning that it was about to do so? Not really.It's a neat concept and approach, though.That damn key turning video was driving me crazy after only about ten days' worth of gameplay, however. Not sure that I could handle 180 days of it."
,Recommended,443810,24781454,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,mm is donat #NiPDraken,"Great game, unique artstyle and great story just like Papers Please. Recommend this game to anybody that enjoyed Papers Please."
76561198308212591,Recommended,443810,25217355,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,ClayJReece,Love this game. I find it addicting with an intense storyline.
76561198105129283,Recommended,443810,31166537,Posted: 15 April,all,RichardMF4,"Really good game. The story is intresting but the best is the managment of the police. Theres a lot of way you can do your work. You could be a hero or a corrupted police chief. You feel your choices matter. Sometimes its really hard to play but this is a fantastic game to feel like a police chief.If you like police games, you need to try it! Worth it!"
,Recommended,443810,24845982,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Deformedcactus,"A young boy who has murdered his mother with a meat hammer. A serial killer hunting your detectives. A mysterious figure demanding dead bodies.These are some of the moments you will see in ""This is the Police""Some of the moments and decisions are somewhat baffling, and others are nonsensical. The gameplay itself is somewhat repetitive and gets borind. However, the story will keep you coming back for more, and in this respect I can say this is is one of the best games I have played this year."
,Recommended,443810,24862452,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,xizzy,Its amazing how such a simple managment concept could be turned into such a deep game.
76561198044937649,Recommended,443810,25419691,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,joshvalentine89,"- High speed chase of a van- I inform my officers to shoot out their tires- van crashes through the front window of a sex shop- Criminal takes salesperson as a hostage- I inform my my office to throw a sex toy at the criminals head- Criminal captured, officers unharmed, civilan unharmed.In the 12 days I was a police chief before being arrested for♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off the mayor that was the highlight of my carrer."
76561197998255697,Not Recommended,443810,24710395,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,KrisJay,"The beginning looks very promising. Looks like a great mash of simulation and management with a decent story.You manage police squads and send them on call-outs during a simulated working day. Manage you relations with the Mayor's office and the Mafia.It turns out it gets stale after a while. The story is still interesting but to get through it you do very repetitive stuff and make decisions that I feel do not impact the end result. For example it feels like my squad would have arrested the guy if I had gone through the front door or the back door or the window...Well, the music is great at least.I will change the review if I ever dedicate the time to play through the game. I just did not want to power through the game as that would not be nice to all the people suffering from crime in the city of Freeport."
76561198323493741,Recommended,443810,29555721,Posted: 28 January,all,SpookyMulder227,I love the way this game can either make you feel like a really good hero chief of police who always saves the day or a really corupt chief who will have who ever gets in his way killed. as for the gamplay i won't lie there are times when the game fells a bit dull but then makes it up quickly with a very compelling story which makes a lot of the boring sh** worth it.
,Recommended,443810,24817756,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Cascadium26,"Amazing take on managing a 60s police department and having to deal with real threats, politicians, and corruption.  Great game overall."
,Recommended,443810,25174842,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,loop,"When I saw on the Steam store page, I had so many doubts going through my head.. ""Is it worth the price?"" ""Will it even be good?"". Well let me tell you.. that this game has ticked every box and completely went against what I thought. The flat art style, the rich back story, the interactivity with the different gangs and families.. You can even knock your officers off if you don't like them! This game is perfect."
,Recommended,443810,26614147,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,wmu66,"This is a really good game. The story is good, the gameplay is good.The only problem is that sometimes it can get a bit borring.I hope you will like the game, have fun!"
76561198035705569,Recommended,443810,24759064,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,critter,"As a police chief you are given choices that aren't exactly black and white the consequences of it will effect you only if you want it too. Do you feel comfortable of using brute force to suppress a riot then blaming your actions on a third party? Or  take full responsibility?How will you reach your financial goal, by investigating local gangs and working up the ladder? What will you do with all the confiscated weapons? Take them back to HQ or sell it back to the Mafia?By the end of each day its up to the player if they feel guilty, or is it too late to make a change? Or who really cares, the game doesnt force you to feel anything, you make it happen yourself. That's what I love about this game, for $13 its a steal and to be honest I would of paid at least $30."
,Recommended,443810,24718435,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Fisher,>gang war going on>almost all cops are busy>city hall calls in>they need 2 cops to sing to the mayor's mother for her birthday10/10 would misappropriate resources again
76561198006649122,Recommended,443810,24773922,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,geoff,"This is the Police is a visually striking, well put together game, with the flaws one finds from an indie shop. The mechanics work well, if not a bit grindy and limited. Some features are not fully explained (what exactly is the SWAT character?), and the game is a bit repetitive until around Day 100 when some new features and story lines begin to branch out.The biggest flaw in this game, surprisingly, is the storyline and dialogue itself. It tries to be gritty and edgy, but instead of The Wire it comes off as ham fisted. The character is frequently given choices, e.g. beat up black protestors or get in trouble with the mayor, that I assume are supposed make us think but just elicit eye rolls. It is not exactly subtle. I also don't believe the developers are native English speakers, as some turn of phrases were just off. Nothing that ruins the gameplay but would have been a better game if I had engaged with the story and didn't feel like I was reading a third rate dime store novel.The greatest sin, however, is the amount of grinding that needs to take place to advance. Some gameplay elements, such as Investigations or the last scene, almost require you to Google unless you want to randomly move pieces around until they decide click. You can usually deduce about 80% of clues and the other 20% you'll go back and try to figure out where that came from and then you realize there's no rhyme or reason.That said, the amount of different crimes and dialogue choices every day are staggering. While the type of crime is set (assault, protest,♥♥♥♥♥♥ etc.), the stories that accompany did not repeat, or at least I did not notice them repeating. I'd highly suggest sticking with the game beyond the first 70 Days or so, as things do get a bit more varied after that."
,Recommended,443810,24833131,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,CryonicSuspension,"Based on Akka's negative review, I downloaded the game and played it for free for 2 days, before deciding to buy the game on Steam and support the developers. Add ~20 hours to my Steam playtime:http://steamcommunity.com/id/Akkadias/recommended/443810/The game is part: ""sim management"", visual novel, and puzzle game.You play an aging police chief. Your goal is to accrue $500,000 within 6 months of in-game time, at which point you retire. The game takes about 30 hours per play-through.Within the sim management side of the game, you play a dispatcher. You have to choose which officers to send out, for which jobs.Sometimes the game gives you multiple choice questions about what to do in a given situation: partly based on the initial dispatch description and partly based on curve-ball events, that occur as the situation evolves. The writing is funny, creative and sometimes crazy.Screenshot:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=741624729Officers have varying degrees of professionalism. Sometimes an officer might have a family emergency and request a day off thus leaving you short-staffed. Some officers might have a drinking problem or just be plain lazy.Later on, you hire detectives, read witness testimonies and collect photographic evidence. To solve a case, you have to piece together the correct sequence of Polaroids.The blocky, abstract art style can make some cases hard to solve. Early on, the game gives you a homicide, involving a kid playing a game console. There are three different photos that could be described as ""two people having an argument"" - somehow you have to pick the right photo for the correct sequence... Another problem with that particular case is that anyone who has lived in an apartment building would tell you that the walls are ""paper thin""... I mean I could hear domestic disputes on an entirely different, lower floor, in real life but the developers make erroneous assumptions about how far sound travels in an apartment building. The game makes you guess at what point two people had an argument, based on the hearing of some elderly, next-door neighbour. Sometimes witnesses make mistakes or lie.The permutations on that particular case was bananas ( I honestly had to cheat on my second play through, by looking for help in the Steam Community Hub ). That case was very frustrating. One of the problems with investigations is that you never know if you have all of the photographic evidence or if the case has simply run cold ( at which point you need more detectives and/or time ). In the harder cases, photos often have red herrings in them, such as: cars with different models and paint colours or people wearing different clothing and hairstyles.Eventually, I became surprisingly adept at analyzing the photos and testimonies. Cracking a case eventually became, ""Eureka!"" moments for me; very satisfying but the learning curve was longer than some people might have the patience for.A lot of the music had a jazzy, 1940's - 1970's feel to it. You are given a vinyl record player, which was quaint. I wish that there was more music.The visual novel's, ""comic panel style"" is eloquent ( if verbose at times - thankfully, you can skip individual lines and whole dialogues ). The game features talented, professional, voice acting.The overarching story is poorly story boarded. We are supposed to care about a cold, isolated, police chief; vague politics and characters that are briefly introduced and then left.There is an overreliance on monologues to deliver exposition and a failure to use traditional writer techniques such as flash back techniques or journal entries, to generate three dimensional characters and social relationships. I only started to care about the chief halfway through the game ( 15 hours in ) during the romance elements that showed how endearingly human he is. I think that the story and branch choices were limited by budget.The game can be slow, requires patience and has Adult themes, so I think that the game really appeals to an older demographic ( 25+ ). I found the game so engrossing that I ended up not showering for several days."
76561198081674769,Recommended,443810,24737805,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,mattplays252,Awesome Indie title.  If you like management games with a great storyline this is for you
76561197977164456,Not Recommended,443810,24785576,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Vegan Reagan,"Let me run through what I thought worked, before I outline what I think makes the game a waste of time.GraphicsThe game is presented with a very stylized look. It reminds me of Kentucky Route Zero: a lot of flat shading and color, with very few lines. It works, it looks good. The cutscenes are presented in a three to four panel comic book style, we've all seen it but it's done well. The whole presentation is obviously very polished and cohesive.SoundSound effects are minimal, but appropriate for this kind of time-management game; sound effects indicate there's something you need to pay attention to. Otherwise, it's just you and the music. There's a cool mechanic where you can buy in-game records with in-game money to play as you look over the city from your ""war room"". I don't know if it's fully implemented, but for fans of jazz this whole system should be appealing.StoryStory isn't a highpoint here. I guarentee you've seen this story before (big time cop, city breathing down his neck, in the pocket of the mafia, there's trouble at work and suprise there's trouble at home) in one form or another, probably multiple times. The cutscenes do a good job at presenting what story there is, kind of like Sin City, but the voice acting here sucks. None of the cast seem like they really carry the weight of their very intense and desperate situations. The voice acting absolutely does nothing to pull you in.GameplayThe game! Ok, kind of two different genres here, a time management game mixed with a choose-your-own-adventure. The time management aspects work really well, and if this was a free flash game and that was the only aspect, I think I'd appreciate it a lot more. Reading a call description that sounds to you like a hoax, and sending a single under-performing cop, and being right? Feels great. Sending a veteran and a rookie to a call, and they both get better through the experience? Feels great. Firing cops as they age out of the system, and replacing them with fresh faces more skilled than the retirees? Feels great.Then, there's choices. Some choices are trivial, like the officers on scene want your help deciding what to do on a particular call. Make the right choice, everyone's okay, make the wrong choice and you may have to replace an officer. Dramatic, but realistic, and it's not a problem.The larger, more imporant choices are counterfeit. A feminist protest is happening in town, and you have the choice to let it happen largely peacefully, or subdue the protesters. I chose to let it happen, and the Mayor's office was upset that I let it occur. No benefits, but that's fine; some choices don't have immediate benefit. I don't need the game to say ""Oh, you got Good Boy points!""A gang in town is threating the police force, saying they'll mug people or smash cars or something if you don't fire all your black officers. You have the choice to give into their demands, or continue as normal in the face of their threat. I chose to ignore the threat, and the Mayor's office was upset at me for putting the people of the city at risk. No benefit.The local mafia wants to put you on their payroll. They'll give you cash under the table and some ""services"" if you look the other way during certain crimes. You can either ignore their thefts, assualts, and rapes around the city, or you can dangerously continue to do your job. I chose to ignore every single phone call. The first time, I lost the cash payment, and a scarecrow with a knife through the eye was posted on my way to work. The second time, I lost the cash payment, and a scarecrow with a knife through the eye was posted on my way to work. The third time, I lost the cash payment, and a scarecrow with a knife through the eye was posted on my way to work. The fourth time, I lost the cash payment, the next morning I was shot through the back of the head while making breakfast. Game over, I was dead. This was on Day 10 or 11 of 160.This is the Problem with This is the Police. The game description mentions mulitple times that how you earn your retirement is up to you. The characters in the game hint at the beginning that you might be able to pull it off and keep your hands clean. At every turn, you have a choice on which officers to send to a call, which records to play, what calls to respond to and which to ignore, which officers to send to academy. And yet, you don't have control over the protagonist's destiny. The story that a whole lot of players would like to play out, of this old grizzled disgraced chief of police spending his last few months cleaning up the streets, cleaning up the mess he's made through his old career, cutting ties with former colleagues and friends that went over to the dark side. That story is compelling, but that story doesn't exist.If you want to play this game to try and juggle City Hall with the Mafia with the City with your own force, if you want to play it like a strategy game, you might get more enjoyment here. If you wanted to play this game like a Telltale Adventure game, like the description hints at, just be aware there's nothing for you here."
,Not Recommended,443810,29434309,Posted: 22 January,all,TheServant,"While entertaining at first, it became somewhat repetitive. The story was good and there was some consequences for decisions, but the majority of what the game is (sending police to crimes) is pretty boring and a bit too easy. I think it wanted to be a graphic novel directed by political decisions and relationships, but was noticeably padded out with making sure you had enough policemen for call outs."
,Recommended,443810,24795476,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,RED,"At it's current state it feels like a premature release, a rush job. While seemingly absent of bugs, the gameplay lacks thought and mechanics - detail. While I would say that you should buy it, the whole 180 days felt like a tedious chore to me, with frustrating RNG and lack of explanation regarding mechanics and invisible stats."
76561198011469837,Recommended,443810,31421768,Posted: 28 April,all,Sir Prise,Before reading please note that this review contains SPOILERS!Pros and cons:+ i like the comic art style+ interesting story (not a hero story)+ realistic consequences of choices- straight story-line- disappointing ending(s)- unfinished narration on some characters (for example lana or stett)- gameplay feels like a chore after a while (especially the mid-part)The game has a lot of potential. It's a pity that this potential hasn't been fully exploited. Nevertheless it was entertaining enough to play it to the end (although I was tempted to quit playing a few times). Overall recommendable!
,Recommended,443810,24916123,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,give me head,"Great police management game with a ton of moral choices to make along the way. The storyline is good, even though it sags a bit in the middle. It's great fun to address the various crazy calls than happen everyday and also to solve the important crimes along with your detectives.The presentation and music is top notch and the game is worth its price since it's pretty long. I give it 9/10."
,Recommended,443810,32644029,Posted: 22 June,all,Yennefer for life broooo,"i wish this game have steam workshop,it would be perfect"
76561197990290919,Recommended,443810,24712645,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,JasonLeeStrickland,2 Hours in and it's one of the best games I have played in years.
,Recommended,443810,24707629,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,disconinja_,"I have so far played 15 hours of this game, it gets very challenging and I still feel I am no closer to the end (which I think is good), the story is very gripping and I love the art design. I just want to buy the soundtrack now."
,Recommended,443810,24714740,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,TheHunterSeekerAlgorithm,"This is a very, very well thought out game.For most of you, this is an addictive, story-driven police procedural which requires good intuition and tactics in order to keep crime in control and the City Hall off your back as you work your way to Jack Boyd's retirement.The mechanics are easy to pick up, although figuring out tactics may require some learning (and some failing, dealing with City Hall will drive you nuts).It is important to remind everyone that this is story-driven, and the story is pretty good, and well voice acted (Jon St-John, of Duke Nukem legend, is Boyd). A real gem is the soundtrack, almost all of it obscure jazz mined from Australia (Of all places).This game is definitely worth an investment with addictive gameplay and excellent presentation to boot.And finally, there are mountains of pop culture references for the keen eyed. I hired Vince Clortho as a detective, only to fire him when he turned up to work drunk.10/10 would hire the Keymaster of Gozer again."
76561198239062620,Recommended,443810,24720685,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Azkaban,"It's a really cool game, worth the money"
76561197991115169,Recommended,443810,26755549,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,jipthepirate,"This game is one of my favs. Story rich. Very story rich. Game play takes some getting used to the nuances of what you can and cant get away with.DEVS - if you read this, the worst part about this game is the tedious way you make us select music. I really LOVE the music thing in the start but... it gets old QUICK. when you have to select the music for the hundreth time, it takes too long and the literal physical selection is difficult. THE MUSIC IS AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME, the music selection process is annoying."
76561198015438406,Recommended,443810,25273509,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,DaWind,"I highly recommend this game to everyone who likes to make decisions that affect the game/story itself.""This is the Police"" is one of those games that at the beginning it might be a bit confusing(especially with those cop random elements) but the more you play it, the more in love you'll be with it.Waking up every morning just to see if your car will even start up is priceless(damn pleb car!).Seriously you'll love every second of it and also.. Frack the Mafia !Kudos to the devs =)"
,Recommended,443810,24702085,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,tracknumberseven,"So far I'm around Day 90 in my first playthrough, so this review is based on those first days.The game tells it's story fantastically with a minimalistic, comic book style slideshow. The style of minimalistic art in each cell isn't really for me and nor is the flickering on the edges during said cell's displays, but the story really carries it and I'm sure most people would love it regardless.It's UI (user interface) is a breath of fresh air and a dream to use; clicks are subliminally satisfying, windows open crisply and unlike many management sims you're not bombarded with a thousand information windows and icons to click.The game can be quite slow, but it's made up for by the intricate storyline and the weight of your decisions. It's taken me quite some time to reach 90 days (Time played is irrelevant as I fell asleep late last night, playing it on my laptop in bed) and I'd say it's still got a fair few hours left. This is not a game that you'll finish in a 2 hour session by any means.I'd say it's definitely worth the price, but if you're not a management sim fan definitely get this on sale if only for the story.8/10"
,Recommended,443810,24837628,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,rocaguinarda,"Very engaging story. Love the art, love the concept. Although this one is more like a rich-narrative boardgame, It made me remember how much I'd love cop games (Police Quest and so...)"
76561198325083057,Recommended,443810,25259124,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,charliebazzell73,"A compelling story with a fantastic protagonist (who has an equally excellent voice actor) who is paired with slightly less fantastic supporting characters and voice actors to create a great story which is cliche in a good way. The gameplay is at its core a dice rolling game with limited player input but it is entertaining and serviceable. The missions all read well and keep you engaged and interested. Only criticism I have is to include some closure on each mission in regards to the crime besides ""suspect caught"" and to offer more options and player involvement. The presentation is phenomenal, and the art will be a hit or miss for many but to me it's really well done, especially the camera work. The sound similarly is excellent, and I doubt anyone will disagree with me when I say it epitomizes exactly what crime noire should be and surprisingly accompanies the plot very well (you'll see what I mean). The glaring issue for me is the painful detective missions which I still find to be very awkward and obnoxious, but not a critical flaw.TLDR: A classy game which has a great crime noire aesthetic and feel a la ""LA Noire."" Don't expect any groundbreaking gameplay, but I think most people will find it enjoyable enough. Great art, great sound and one awesome main character."
,Recommended,443810,24720042,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Jahh,"Gonna be honest here, probably one of the greater games I have played in my time, especially for the price, and the overall newness of the game.Pros;-In-Depth Game play-Deep Choices-Great Dialogue-Entertaining Story-So many paths to choose-Great art workCons:-Becomes reparative at times-Gotta work with the mob-No free play8.5/10"
76561198010521017,Recommended,443810,24711182,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Codychan,"It's a game with a big focus on story and having diverging plot paths.I am enjoying it. It is somewhat minimalist, everything is easy to handle, and the voice acting is superb.It's mostly about following your instincts and common sense in some areas. You can choose to ignore a call if it sounds like a false alarm, but it might be serious. And you're fighting with bureacracy to hire enough officers to keep the city safe.The only downside is the lack of closure on all 911 calls. Like you don't know what happened. It only says ""Suspect caught/escaped, officers lived/died, civilians lived/died."" After playing several in game weeks my officers die very rarely, and when they do it's only because of a bomb situation. I had one call that a person reported that their neighbor could be selling odd things in the middle of the night. I end up sending a big chunk of my best officers. they asked for reinforcements and I sent a few more but it didnt' say how bad it was. Suddenly 6 out of 7 officers are dead and there's no reason why. Of course it's really disappointing when that happens, there's nothing to learn from it besides ""send every single officer always!!"""
,Recommended,443810,25626431,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Aitrus,"I like the idea at first. I played a lot of this game actually.... problem is that mid-game becomes kinda dull. Way too dull.Nevertheless, I played it for 43 hours before dropping it. Anything that can hook me up more than 20 hours totally worth the 9 bucks I payed for it."
76561198009350871,Recommended,443810,27719712,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Natrounius,"This game was honestly a great time. The choices are a shallow, but feel meaningful and are important enough that you feel like it really impacts the narrative although your choices do little to nothing to change anything. The story and voice acting alone allow me to make such a reccomendation, while the gameplay is interesting enough to keep you involved. Not a game for eveyone, but it offers about 20 hours of work related stress and addiction so it is quite fun overall"
76561198064591997,Recommended,443810,29331346,Posted: 17 January,all,Cpt_Aegnoire93,"Highly recommend, especially if youre into 1950s mafia era games. While the game takes place in the 80s the Protagonist is his man in his 50s which makes the game more modern yet has a slight noir flavor to it. Challenging at times my only gripe is how much time is wasted waiting for the soundtrack to load because as faras i've seen theres no autoplay feature which is annoying. You have to wait for the 45 second animation every time you pick a song. Its an unnecissary game extender. Other than that the interface is straight forward yet challenging enough to keep you interested.4/5 imo especially for the price."
76561198318561035,Recommended,443810,24719313,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,lilatheman,"Love the game, yet I want to be a good honest cop and not get assassinated by the Mafia early on. Possible need of a more ""good cop"" element, other than that I very much enjoy the game."
76561198014035904,Recommended,443810,24862110,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,West,"A good narrative driven management style game with good back story elements, decision making abilities, puzzles, and other stuff that will make the game enjoyable if it's your cup of tea. My only real negatives about the game was the repetitive nature of the game (especially towards the end when you know that the end is near and day to day decisions are not as critical as at the beginning), and the lack of replay appeal in this game. Other than that, if you want a game that has an interesting story, amazing narration, and forces you to feel like an awful person from time to time, this game will do it for a god 15-20 hours of gameplay most likely."
76561198080579833,Recommended,443810,24963055,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Chickenhelper,"Me- ""Yeah, that officer should get back in time""5 Civilians Dead""I'm here boss, what'd I miss?"""
76561198046641265,Recommended,443810,25288470,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,burdie from hell,"This game's story is told in an amazing way, if you enjoy old fashioned cop noiers than I highly recommend this game, not for the gameplay, but for how its told."
,Recommended,443810,29030335,Posted: 5 January,all,Dragonsnap,"I've played it until 80 days, and so far, it's very nice. Story is above average, and the concept is nice, as well as the execution. I recommend this game who likes a bit of tycoon + story combo."
,Recommended,443810,33061547,Posted: 30 June,all,violetmoongoddess,"This game is very fun, though i am terrible now am down to 5 officers each shift. but man this is an amazing game an good storyline."
,Recommended,443810,25455886,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,TRAVisty James | TSE,Negatives:The ending was completely unsatisfyingPositives:Literally everything else about the game
,Recommended,443810,25688394,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,GadgetPotato,"Wow...This Is The Police is an immersive game. From the story to the artwork a truely outstanding game. From the voice acting perspective, incredible. In the game you play as Jack Boyd, Freeburg's chief of police and your goal is to make $500,000 in 180 days. It's up to you how you make the money...Worth every penny."
,Not Recommended,443810,32337355,Posted: 11 June,all,Phatboy,"I thought that pretending to be a fat, busted old loser would be fun, but sadly this game disappoints.Slow pace, cheap graphics, and most of the interesting cutscenes / character building is over in the first hour or so. Very few gameplay mechanics, for the amount of time it asks from you. I didn't feel like I had control over what was happening at all, nor were the consquences of choices made clear (or even hinted at, sometimes)."
,Recommended,443810,29816795,Posted: 9 February,all,rob,"I feel like they should of focused on the simulation more and not have of added the back story, but other then that its not too bad."
76561198003420070,Recommended,443810,24709292,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Jorge,"Been waiting about a year for this game to come out, and it doesn't dissapoint. I bought it two days ago and I already sunk 10 hours into it"
76561198002621002,Not Recommended,443810,29053242,Posted: 5 January,all,Gonzosashi,"Below average.Interesting concept with unpolished, shallow gameplay. Terribly bland, uninspired graphics. Couldn't get into the storyline. Illusion of choice was disappointing. Non-captivating. No immersion.Overall 2/10"
76561198072619538,Recommended,443810,34452799,Posted: 23 August,all,Tyler Rabideau,I loved this game it was one of my top 20s but sadly the ending sortoff ruined it. It was way to bland of an ending. Its sad because you wished so much happiness for the main character you played as and sadly the ending doesnt give that to you:(
,Recommended,443810,30988348,Posted: 6 April,all,Crash Bendicoot,"Like a good Sid Meier's game, this has ""One more turn"" all over it!If you like simulations, thought about running a police department as chief, love a good noir atmosphere and story? You won't regret getting this.Can't wait to continue the story!A little preview of what I've experienced so far:- Game plays by day. You got 180 days till the game ends (At least it's the impression I'm getting so far)- Each day begin with a story (Won't spoil anything but you have to deal with family, work and even the Mafias/Gangs)- After story portion end for the day, you begin your police chief duty- Promote deserving officers- Deciding whether to allow officers / Detectives to go on off days- Assist in ground officers decision making when they face dilema in cases- Solving specific crime cases with Detectives- Attempting to shut down a gang by planting an informer amongst gang member- Use taser on a dog (Not kidding!)- Got an officer killed while tending to a robbery caseAll these in my first 3 hours play though. There's still many things labelled '???' in my game and the story just took off as well so just imagine the level of immersion and fun I""m having hah! If whatever I've said got your attention and interest- Just buy the game! You won't regret it!If you are like me, and you enjoy the classic Jazz music? You're in for a treat as you get to buy the music in-game with your salary and listen to your own personal collection of Vinyl Records. nice touch there, devs :-)"
,Recommended,443810,24776886,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,.E N Z I N,Very nice game. Bought it yesterday and it makes lots of fun.
,Recommended,443810,24703893,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Tag Wolf,"I can't believe I didn't hear about this game's release sooner. It's got so much polish and a LOT invested into it. I'm loving it and I'm only on day 20. There's tons of play time here obviously as you go up to day 160 I think. Along with a lot of replay value as decisions matter, mistakes matter more.It's a resource management strategy game, filled with an interesting story. You actual get the sense of how police could become corrupted as you struggle to save for your retirement.You spend most of the time playing dispatch, deciding which of your officers or detectives and what resources you'll respond to a particular call with. Trying to manage the day the best you can.The game gets progressively harder and trust me, it will get hard.Great graphics, music, and story (so far!). Highly recommended."
,Recommended,443810,24744634,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Spouderman,"Patrol found hidden money inside of a sofa.""What do you want to do with the money?""-Bring it to the police station-Ask mafia to sell it10/10 would sell money again."
,Recommended,443810,27719559,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,CryoG,"Great resource management game with a captivating storyline. As the soon to retire chief of police, who will you partner with?High recommended. Story uses a lot of the cliches of the genre, but it's well built and written and provides for a great experience. The resource management part is nice, and will get ou back after the first playthrough."
,Recommended,443810,29571715,Posted: 29 January,all,✌☯▩ TRΔPCORE ▩☯✌,10/10u can get Frank Drebin
76561198024543270,Recommended,443810,25194823,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Club64,"Phenomenal plot, fantastic character development and a compelling balance between corruption and justice."
76561197992860944,Recommended,443810,24899419,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,AzzKikr143,"I start the game 180 days from retirement. Try to be a good cop. Get killed by the mafia after 10 days.Play again. Be a dirty cop, working with mafia family. Get killed by the other mob family.Play again. Try to play both sides. Die anyway.Game message: Death is inevitable.Game be deep.10/10 would die again."
,Recommended,443810,31139367,Posted: 14 April,all,Providence,"A great way to blow some time. The voice acting can be a little cheesy sometimes with the actors themselves carrying most of that burden. The story, however, is fantastic. You find yourself calling out names in your head like a real police chief; ""Donnahue and Kochi, you're up! We've got an attempted murder on 32nd and Price!"". You find yourself slowly sinking into moral dillemas. Do you help out the family? Maintain your morals as a civil servant? Do you betray said family? The choices are endless but always enjoyable. Your force is dynamic, with officers quitting, joining, dying, and then some. It creates for a very entertaining game where you don't quite know what to expect next. Definitely reccommend to anyone who wants a casual game to keep them occupied. I have only played through Once so far, but definitely feel like it is worth the money (especially on sale!)"
76561197995201132,Recommended,443810,24737323,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Herb Klein,"I would like to start by saying that for the current price (and the inevitable Steam sale price that will eventually arise) this game is wonderful. While I can see how some people may find it a tad repetitive, I found this game to be a great combination of dark storytelling and ""police management"". The crimes and situations you deal with vary from brutal and disturbing to light and humorous. Everything you are forced (or at least feel that you are forced) into doing fits well into the gritty and pragmatic setting of Freeburg, the not so lovely city of rain and mishap.I feel as though this game shoots iteself in the foot in a way. It starts off extremely simple and allows new players to quickly learn how to operate the police management aspect of the game. What the game doesn't explain is the weight of choices made by the player, whether that choice is to violently supress a peaceful feminist protest, or to admit to a psychiatrist that  a rorschach image looks like a pig sodomizing something. The truth is, many of these choices don't matter what so ever, which is both good and bad. On one hand, it allows you to play without an iron fist if you so choose. You can be much more fair and balanced than other reviewers may have led you to believe. On the other hand, the lack of consequence for many of your choices takes away greatly from the immersion and replayability of the game. The last thing I will say about the in game choices is that there are many crimes that will raise a prompt describing the situation as your police force percieve it. Depending on how you choose to handle these situations ( you have three options on each slide, and some options lead to more slides up to a total of three slides and three choices made by the end of the crime) you will see different reults, such as an officer or civilian being killed, the escape of the perp, or the seamless arrest of the suspect.Moving on, this game picks up speed shortly after the end of a mediocre gang war early on in the game. The game introduces you to new features and much more serious crimes being committed. The story starts developing more and more with  interesting and cheeky characters, and this is where the game truly shined in my opinion: the characters. The voice acting and writing is so well done that each character is meaningful and charming, no matter how vile. I also grew very attatched to my police force even though all you get is a name and a small image for each officer. Never the less, I was appalled to see my officers fall into the traps of a serial killer or be mutilated and dumped in the sewers for their work as an informant.Finally, the cutscenes are superbly written and executed. This is where most of the story will unravel and explain itself. Just like the game itself, some of these scenes are kept light and harmless while others can be down right shocking. The beautiful artistic style of these scenes meshes perfectly with the game's neo noir feel. If you don't care about anything previously mentioned then at least consider buying this game for its visual style if nothing else.I am very pleased with this game and I feel that you will be as well if you give it a chance."
,Recommended,443810,24842242,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Microsoft Word,"The powerful association you get as you play as Police Chief Jack Boyd is amazing. I think the game developers did a great job in creating such a relatable and fully flushed-out character. You get to know Jack's thought processes, his fears, his loves, his anger and his weaknesses. The gameplay itself is repetitive, tedious, and almost downright boring, but that's the point of it. You are the police chief, Freeburg is your city, and you go to work. This isn't one of those cartoonish action games, This is the Police.As you make decisions, you feel what it's like to have the city of Freeburg depend on you, from its irrational citizens to its immoral politicians. As you play as an old police chief, you too, feel the burden of responsibilities and the boredom of repetitiveness. You quickly get numb to the results of your good and bad decisions, only looking forward to your next crime report. Cops, investigations, scenarios all seem to come and go. Throughout all this, there is a main story line that charms you. You get to see Jack Boyd in his highs and lows and eventually you see that he gets what's coming.Hopefully this is all you read about this game. The less you know about it, the better. There is an amazing story, amazing characters and the gameplay is repetitive and boring but integral to the experience. While the boring gameplay might be a turn off, the experience is definitely worth trodding through it."
,Recommended,443810,24732531,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Rapskilian,This game is ♥♥♥♥en awesome and needs more exsposurehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g1MBdq-tW_U
76561197981046661,Recommended,443810,24786121,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Dreadfort_Dogmeat,"""Forget it Jack, it's Freeburg."""
76561198161799618,Not Recommended,443810,30228446,Posted: 27 February,all,forcefieldkid,"Enjoyed this for a while. Recently the storyline has stopped and I'm just going through the days - Currently Day 18.Taking a break cos' it's a little tedious at this point, will come back to it and see if the story picks up as it is interesting in it's way.Everything could be presented a lot darker than it is, it's kind of a little weird. Artwork is interesting but it's very bright and cheery for the subject matter, especially on the daily map screen.Darker music, visuals and tone would have made this way more immersive."
,Not Recommended,443810,24767923,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Švedski Šved iz Švedske,"Honestly, 5 hours in, I feel bored and frustrated with the game.It's all scripted, and while that isn't a bad thing, I just think they could've done a lot more with it, the game feels incomplete at the moment."
76561198064443578,Recommended,443810,31004742,Posted: 7 April,all,Sogetastic,Just release the soundtrack already.
76561198086698622,Recommended,443810,24829015,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,ghani,"This game is in my opinion brilliant. inmediatly liked the game when I opened up the game and listend to the brililant music and saw the start screen with its beautiful animations.The game feels like Maffia II but from the side of the police. The game is made up out of several different parts. At first there is a story that you can influence by making choices, a bit like the telltale games. Then there is the cop management and finally the detective management. These three elements give the game a lot of variety and al the parts have depth, they are worked out very well in my opinion.If you love story driven games with good gameplay this is the game for you."
76561198140257724,Recommended,443810,26431135,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Mimer,"""Choices Matter"". Pah, there's railroad tracks through the game, with either death or impossibility to ""win"" if you step out of bounds. The first big choice sets the mark, you get two different pictures depending on your choice but the same gameplay afterwards.Still, this is a fun little management game. I'm not done with it yet, so I count on getting my money's worth in fun playtime from a single playthrough. Replay value could have been better, if choices really would have mattered.Edit: Apparently this game has been critizised for being racist, misogynic and whatnot. So yeah, it's not politically correct, and it is 2016. If you easily get offended, then skip this one.Edit 2: Endgame becomes quite repetitive, and the end fight is unsatisfying (feels uncompleted). There are also a few features that are really poorly thought out, like transfering money to your secret account by 100$ per click (you want to transfer 500k, you can hold the button down but it takes ages). Last 5 hours or so of the game was just to complete it, and not because the game was any fun."
,Recommended,443810,26494712,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,MrHedgehogs,i think its alot of fun if you like stratgey managment games but it can become repetitve so take breaks every now and then so you dont get bored of it.
,Recommended,443810,30931492,Posted: 3 April,all,notacactus,Gripping story that really attaches you to the characters and rips your heartstrings clean out. Art style is gorgeous. Cases are dark and take a lot of thought. Endless mode was just released and probably awesome.
,Not Recommended,443810,25003884,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,W_,"Story-based game where ""choices matter"" immediately took away my agency when I made the ""wrong choice"" for the first fork and undid my choice. After a handful of boring days of gameplay that seems to have no consequence on top of the already demolished motivation for choices, I realized the game was probably serious about the ""make it over 180 days"" thing and that this tedium would go on and on until I'd sat at my computer for several RL evenings doing the same thing to be rewarded by some cliché story, so I stopped playing."
,Not Recommended,443810,31368231,Posted: 25 April,all,Justb_,"A Decent Police Managment Sim that is fun and intersting at first.  But by mid-game you are sick and tired of watching your blinking dots (police cars) go to a crime scene and come back. The story itself is the same as the gameplay, fun and intersting at first but by the end you really just don't care anymore. I had to take large breaks, meaning weeks from the game before finally finishing it because of how boring and dull the mid to end game is. I was so ready for the game to end, I just let the city fall into ruin as I played on my phone so I could make the last few days of the game go by faster. This is a spolier but should be known to any future buyers... The worse part of this game is by the end you find out everything you did whether you played good cop or bad cop, it did not matter. Your Police career ends in misery and no matter how well you ran your Police force or not you get no end game results to show how well or not you did. This is a good game to play for a few hours but after that it becomes a dull and monotonous management game. The idea was their but the excution was not. Only buy it on sale, I would say 5 dollars is what the game is worth."
,Recommended,443810,30363483,Posted: 6 March,all,Wild Bullfango Of The West,"Teal DeerDevelopers: Weappy StudioPublishers: THQ NordicInitial release: Aug 2016Genre: Management, Simulation, Narrative, Atmospheric#Worth/NotWorth: #You'llGetYourMoniesWorthBSERC - (Borderline Sardonic and Extremely Reductive Comparison): It's not entirely dissimilar to Papers, Please.Exposition, Concurrence and SummationWhere the ♥♥♥♥ is Batman..This review will have minor spoilers throughout. You have been warned.There are some very topical and ideologically sensitive ideas in this game. For example, Sexism, Racism, Prejudice, Homophobia, ♥♥♥♥, Murder, Religious intolerance, Religious extremism, Protests against numerous “socially justified” ideas. This is a game about corrupt police officers; You cannot possibly think that they would center the game around things such as children stealing gum balls from the candy shop.This is the Police is a management sim on its face, an extremely narrative one. And before I get into it. I absolutely love what this game is going for but I have some serious criticisms about it. But I'll get to those later.The setup is as such, you, the Chief of Police for the city of Freeburg named Jack Boyd is retiring in 180 days and desires to accumulate $500,000 in whatever way possible. Now, one of the main criticisms is that you cannot actually play as a good cop. You must at some level be corrupt. This is not really one of MY main critiques but I've heard many others complain about this. However, I believe it is inherent to have some amount of dealings with other, lets call them less than legal organizations for an authority to have any semblance of control over a large mass of people. Additionally, you are playing a character in a narratively driven game, not as yourself.The main crux of this game is staring at a static 3D model of the scaled down city, and then responding and sending officers to calls. Each event is essentially a paragraph or two and you send an amount of officers and some support if desired such as SWAT and/or a paddy wagon. Which increase the success rate of your officers. It essentially operates with cooldowns and each call has a limited time to respond to; and its up to you to determine how many officers to send and whether or not a call even needs to be responded to.Each call has different affects, sometimes the officers will call back to the station and ask what to do in certain situations or call for backup, in turn you decide to send more officers or not. These situations include multiple choice answers and selecting the right one will determine the success of your officers. More often than not, it relies on you having read and understood the situation at hand and dealing with it appropriately. For example, how to behave from the threat of violence as opposed to reacting to violence already committed all the way down to tricking a irate drug user or calmly walking up to someone deeply distraught.There are a lot of systems in this game and they are all overlapping. I've heard complaints that they are heavily RNG-afied however they are very scripted and just have a high degree of learning to do to determine what is needed to not get your officers killed and still apprehend the offenders whilst being able to respond to the majority of calls.There are detectives cases, and numerous affairs you must deal with. The game is split into 3 distinct chapters, you do not actually play all 180 days, otherwise the game would be 50 hours long. You'll deal with one major thing each chapter in addition to regular calls and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t from city hall trying to make your job much harder. For example: Serial killers, Mafia Wars, Political protests rampant with racial and sexist tensions all the while trying to appease the Mayor and City Hall as to not get your budget cut as well as deal with personal issues with your officers such as alcoholism.There are gangs to take down, reading profiles and doing interrogations, hiring snitches and finding workarounds for less than legal activities. The calls are color coded:yellow, orange, red for regular calls depending on time left to respondpurple for detective casesgreen for social or community callsgrey/blue for something with affairsblack for important mass protestsMy main issue is that the game is so narrativley driven that it feels a little contrived at points, it at times feels so chaotic with little means to correct course that it becomes overbearing. However, I feel its purposefully contrived in this manner to fulfill the narrative. I once thought a not Jack Boyd version of running the station would be fun but I've, after finishing, decided that that would ultimately be too much of an undertaking and take away from the overall feeling.THE GISTI could easily see myself re-playing this game because there are so many variables at play constantly and a couple of extremely major ones. But due to the highly narrative nature it would probably be far removed from the first playthrough. It's one of the more interesting titles I've played recently and one I found myself actually taking physical notes down for; I highly recommend the game but it's definitely not for everyone."
,Recommended,443810,26451456,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Redhotviking,"This is a pretty fun gameA word of warning, once you get in bed with mafia do not let them down or it will be your head on a pike.You cannot keep all the factions happy all the time, and sometimes the money you get is not worth the cost. I for one could not do the mayors request of firing all the black police officers. A) thats racist, B) my super cops happened to be black so no, i could not lose them. But yeah, The game is a RPG management game with a very decent story.Is it worth the money? I think so. it is more entertaining than the cost thats for sure."
76561198017474550,Recommended,443810,25294597,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,navy1lord,"Was a good game, but it has little relpay value."
,Recommended,443810,25548240,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Shambolic,"It was hard to choose a yes or no for this but consider it a sideways thumb.I really like the style and as much as it seems like it should be boring, especially considering how many days you have to complete to get to the end, it was surprisingly fun, some of the scenarios are bizzare and entertaining in themselves. I like the concept and the strategy but the story is what keeps it going and you do get invested hoping for a cutscene after the day ends.That being said the ending was a massive disappointment. After such a long build up you expect a satisfying end and it had so much potential for one. It is also a lot more linear than you'd think, your morality gets tested throughout the game and you get faced with two major choices, but however you play seems to make no difference. I was expecting a third option where you could be on your own side rather than going along with whoever you think is the lesser a**hole. I'm not saying it should've been a happily ever after where you 'win' but I feel that multiple endings were necessary here."
,Recommended,443810,24731113,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Big Cheesy,It's lit
,Recommended,443810,24723170,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Dinkerbell,This game is pretty fun. Some of the scenarios are pretty funny. overall addicting game 10/10  5.4h played stright after purchase. If only i wasnt tired and it was 6:54am i would still be playing it
76561198027759234,Recommended,443810,25392871,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Ultima Ratio,I got arrested for corruption after killing four police officers who were going to testify against me.10/10 would get arrested again
76561197989410576,Recommended,443810,24720621,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Sharpmath,"I'm pretty sure I've never reviewed a game on Steam.As an old as ♥♥♥♥ guy who loves games like Police Quest 4, and sort of likes Roster Mangement games, I LOVED the idea of this game.And I LOVED the gameplay of this game. The mix of story with the easy to use and understand stategy part of deploying your forces.That all ended when the game ended because I went too far in one direction.Games shouldn't ask you to play the middle ground to finish them. A game like this should give you choices and respond to them. From my first playthrough I feel like this game wants me to make the mob, the mayor, and the people happy. There is no way to lean to a side.For some games, that's great. But for this game I shouldn't have to play the middle path just to finish the story.So. The Police Force mechanic, I liked a lot. It was simple and intuitive and interesting.The story was cool. Until it made me not be able to finish the story.I'd really like a total sandbox just Police Force deploying game. I'd like just a total police CYOA game.This mix takes some of the best of both, but then punishes you for playing too much one way.I'm still recommending this because I think the mechanics are good. But there has to be a sandbox mode or a MUCH better story mode that doesnt end in your death if you don't do everything the ""good/bad"" people want."
76561198132586722,Recommended,443810,24725351,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Wangdope,"Yep.Just bottling down my overall feelings for this game.So...where do I begin? From the general awesomeness of the darkness created, which lowers the mood, or the pulse-thrilling gameplay, where every second matters, or the mind-bending consequences of every action that you commit?I bought this game 3 days after its release. I saw it on the steam store as one of the games which were recommended for me, and I just thought eh. After skipping past it, I decided to check back, and watch the gameplay trailers, as that is normally how I judge games. It looked ok. So I put it in my cart. A few days later, I unwittingly bought the game, and thought to play it, since I already had it, and it looked ok.The amazingness started from the moment the game started.It enthralled me from the moment of the starting cutscene. From then, all the way until I had to stop because I forgot to plug in my charger, it completely captured my brain.It starts out kind of boringly, but soon after, if you take it seriously, and if you think about all the times cops were portrayed in other games or movies, well this game changes it all. Each and every single cop is finally a living (well practically) being, and has their own thoughts, own story, own life, and you have to take care of all of them. Slowly, if you let yourself be immersed into the game, you will, I assure you, become enthralled.I invite you to join me."
76561198144067128,Recommended,443810,24703377,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Gakuen Babysitter,"This Is The Police is a very good game. Despite few shortcomings like the non-existence of 2x speed (Somehow it is still slow to me) for every days...and the excitement that died down fast (I don't hate the story, nor the gameplay. But perhaps the gameplay is too repetitive for me.)Nevertheless, I recommend that the ones with patience, with excitement that will last long, and those who love management, law enforcement games, political issues, surely have to buy this game.I have the all listed ones. Just not the patience, never my forte."
,Recommended,443810,24872566,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Black.Tea,"Literally.....Made friends with the mafia, eliminated their rivalry. Then I backstabbed them and eliminated the Sands mafia.Yasss,10/10."
,Recommended,443810,27208982,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Zat0Ichi,"Great game! It tests your morals and strains your decision making capabilities to the limit. Sometimes the cut scenes can get quite annoying, it can be very tedious. But you can skip through that. Really enjoy this game and when you pick it up at a discount, it's well worth it!"
,Recommended,443810,27328524,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,X.tR,Best game I'va played in a long time10/10 Must BUY
,Recommended,443810,26935264,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,INFERN0,Corrupt cop simulator
,Recommended,443810,26520020,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,gette,its pretty good
,Recommended,443810,27071827,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,l'ours polaire,"Really like the artstyle and music, also has a great storryline and character development where some character seems like they coul do with a big ol hug, it could have had more features but i like it, it has some seariously chill wibes,"
76561198045920862,Recommended,443810,25658379,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,JamAddict,"I love everything about this game, is challenging yet chillfull at the same time. I really would reccomend this game to anyone who enjoys indie games or anything casual. The only thing that I would like with this game is a sandbox mode (Assuming I'm not being an idiot) and a wiki page to help people who are filthy casuals like myself and want their hands held and♥♥♥♥♥wiped through all the investigation scenes (Most answers can be found on the community anyway)."
,Recommended,443810,25659001,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Bellamy Blake,Armed robbery of a casino.Perpetrator ran into a sex shop.Threw sex doll at assailant.Offender caught. Officers unharmed. Civilians unharmed.10/10 would play again.
,Recommended,443810,24703297,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,GARBAGE desu,"Each of the missions that you send police on seem unique in the time I've played, which is really impressive since the game lasts for 180 in game days. The story is pretty enthralling, and the soundtrack is great. Oh god that soundtrack... love every song."
76561198347858009,Recommended,443810,32190838,Posted: 4 June,all,Tom,"I love this game it's a thrilling story line and, I like character and, crime and, you being the chief of police department. It's like the real deal your cop trying to earn money for retirement and, you go against gangs and, bribes just like back then.(this game is a thrill)By, a Jew5/5 stars"
,Not Recommended,443810,26576233,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,elk,"A plot oriented game with a solid concept very solid core gameplay but it drops the ball:-- The minor plot points the sub plots and stories with the character relationships and scenes get dropped.- The game gives you many decisions with consequences but the ending is very scripted.- Midgame got slow & grindy, it just becomes a chore.- In the middle to end stages of the game the instructions on how to deal with the newly introduces mechanics is vague at best.As if they ran out of funding or they're about to meet their deadline so they just threw it out the door I'm glad I bought this game at a discount."
76561198045268417,Recommended,443810,26346603,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,BobPOS,"I've had 2 mouse lockups so far. Made a comment for more details. I really like the game and thats why I'm clicking the LIKE, Hope a patch for this comes out soon."
,Recommended,443810,32185843,Posted: 4 June,all,E-Bizness,A government official offered to fund 2 new positions on the force on the condition that I also take on his good-for-nothing relative that couldn't be fired under any condition. So I hired two amazing prospects and had his relative assassinated by the local mafia. I then sat on his paperwork to continue collecting his paycheck for myself.8/10 would sacrifice my scruples for personal gain again
,Recommended,443810,25649002,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,yung piss,Lets you suppress black and feminist protests with force ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)50/51 for being questioned for potential racism
76561198015597195,Recommended,443810,25677392,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,InventiveName,7.5/10 Stars.The only negatives are the totally liniar gameplay and lack of a sandbox mode.  The ease with which both could be accomplished is a bit sad.
76561198212605888,Recommended,443810,32245606,Posted: 7 June,all,jessbrooke,"When I saw this game, I was a bit doubtful, mostly because its graphics look like a voxel game, it contains no real action scenes and the main character sounds as 'typical hardboiled detective' as its possible to be. But between its depth of strategy, characterisation, constant choosing between 'bad' and 'differently bad' and catchy, choosable soundtrack songs, it stands out on its own and proves a game with no fantastic elements or shooting things can work. I'd like to see other games use its gameplay structure, its unique and engaging. Overall, it looks ugly but is smart and free of BS, well worth buying if you'd always wanted to play a game with the film noir feel but don't like the film noir bleakness."
76561198063348441,Recommended,443810,32259657,Posted: 7 June,all,AdderBearic,"Simply one of the best, if not the best, management games I've ever played. A fantastic film noir vibe with a gritty old school cop feel to the gameplay makes me smile uncontrollably as I spend all my money on jazz records whilst sending the officers on their daily duties. If it's on sale and you like management games you'de be insane not to get it."
,Recommended,443810,32955756,Posted: 28 June,all,PimN,"A great indie title. Recommended at the current price on sale (and anything under 10 Euros).Pros:+ Good story+ Great artstyle+ Clean and fluid UI+ The choices you make impact the story and can cause you to fail or succeed the game+ Diverse and original gameplay+ Lots of content+ The game mechanics expand over time+ Great choice of musicIn the middle:+/- The voice acting is acceptable. It's not really convincing. However, this is a low budget title so I understand why this is the case.+/- The cutscenes aren't really cutscenes. It's a comic book format, where there's a few pictures on screen which simulate the sense of progression of time (i.e. a picture of a closed door, followed by a knocking sound, followed by a second picture appearing of the door opening). However, there's still sounds like doors opening, conversations and such, as if there should be a cutscene. This was confusing at first, but it's a design choice by the developers.Cons:- The detective investigations in this game are a con for me. First of all, it's very hard at times, and there doesn't seem to be a way to cancel an investigation, so if you don't get any more evidence, your detectives will work every shift on.... nothing.This is just nitpicking though.Overal it's a great experience, and the price at the time of writing (7,49 Euros on the Summer Sale) is most definitely justified. I'm not sure about the full price though."
,Recommended,443810,24749872,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Googly-Eyed Stubby Squid,"This game was fun to play in several different ways. Either always go your officer roots and never be an ally to a criminal, or be do the mafia's bidding. They have fun and interesting outcomes in the end. There is some difficulty when it comes to detective work and the very end. Overall, you may enjoy this game for its artwork, dialogue, its music and gameplay. I hope you do also."
76561198108909919,Recommended,443810,32842920,Posted: 26 June,all,TheS1lentSn1per,Very fun game. great art and easy to understand controls
76561197998785167,Recommended,443810,30972555,Posted: 5 April,all,neospooky,"Just completed my first ""iron clad good guy"" playthrough. Ha! There's a reason it only lasted three hours. Freeburg is not for the angels. So far, the story is very interesting, the gameplay is engaging, and they keep adding more and more the farther you get into it. The style, music - oh the music - and overall atmosphere is going to keep me playing for at least two more playthroughs (already know which decision points I'm going to change).I haven't been pleasantly surprised by a game in a while. Mad respect to the developers. This is something new."
76561198120092999,Recommended,443810,32229415,Posted: 6 June,all,doriendurga,"When you first start playing it feels a little odd with its slow pace and heavy story. And I understand what others meant by repetative, but I find the routine kind of relaxing. Although I'd like a button to speed up the shift when I please.I really like the art, and I think the voice acting is impressive. I especially loved Lana and Palmer's voice actings. Same goes for cutscenes. But... they strecth out a bit too long for my taste, and you can't skip a ""comic box"" with a click like I am used to from other games. But this gives the game a unique pace, I suppose? But this doesn't change the fact that I hesitate to play this over again, to see if there are althernative story lines (since you make decisions throughout the game) because I'd have to go through all those cutscenes from the start.That car starting cutscene, every morning, three times turning the key and listening the car struggling to start... is annoying.I loved the future of buying (with in-game earnings) and selecting your own music tracts to accompany you during the shift. And music is quite good, I didn't know I'd enjoy this genre.Story is good, I guess. Not too striking or a masterpiece (I haven't finished the game yet though) but it is apperent that it is writen with love and attention to detail. I didn't sence sloppiness even for a second.So I guess this game isn't for fast paced game lovers, but otherwise it is very enjoyable. Worth the price in my opinion."
76561198117151871,Recommended,443810,31579221,Posted: 6 May,all,dolphinigle,"""Usually, before I go shaking my♥♥♥♥♥♥for the press...""That was the first thing you'll hear when you start the game. This game is an Tragedy-RPG about the depressing life of the chief of a police department in a corrupt city (similar to the police in GTA-V). There are no other game like this, and this is a god damn hidden gem of a game.This game is admittedly not for everyone. The theme is mature and depressing: and that involves making difficult choices because the game world was simply unfair to you. They were all however intentionally done so to convey how depressing it is the life of the chief police in a corrupt city.I also wanted to mention how great and polished the game is: great aesthetics, music, solid gameplay, storytelling, and surprisingly gritty voice acting.Get this game. Unless you think GTA V is trying to push certain politics agenda, in which case you may pass this gem of a game."
76561198229066956,Recommended,443810,33256246,Posted: 4 July,all,FluffyMonster l cs.money,"Pretty fun, some thinking involved.Get it on sale or pretty costly.7/10"
76561198150725768,Recommended,443810,24816276,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,DeGugs,"Absolutely amazing! Going into this game, I expected it to have a lot of drama and difficult ethical decisions, but I never expected it to get the better of my emotions. The phycologist in the game claims that your character is stressed, and after playing the game for a while, you will feel his pain. Today’s society seems to enjoy antagonizing cops, this game is the perfect tool to show them what cops really go through and why they deserve our respect and sympathy.Emotions and politics aside, I’m addicted to this game. I’m 5hrs in and (from the looks of the store page’s game footage) I still haven’t uncovered all the game has to offer, and I can't wait to do so. This one is worth double the price in my book!"
76561198022311003,Recommended,443810,32750429,Posted: 24 June,all,ZappBrannigan,"A very stylish police management sim that, unfortunately, grows stale quite fast.I was initially very engaged with the daily management of officers and their daily calls, plus managing detectives with their more complex investigations. It has good ideas and is easy to learn. There are different demands on your resources, like requests from citizens, city hall, and even organized crime. Your officers have various issues as well, which you need to work around (or just have them killed by the mob, haha). You have a lot of options yourself too, though, which makes problems fun and interesting to deal with.The overarching story didn't catch my interest. It struck me as very cliched and just kind of dull, so I ignored it. Some people may like its tale of corruption, though. The main character also just seemed whiny and annoying to me, as well as kind of contradictory. For example, he says he wants to make half a million dollars before he retires in six months, but then he whines about becoming corrupt. How was he planning to make half a million dollars on the right side of the law?After a few hours, my interest in the meat of the game started to wane as well. I started to find the calls repetitive and the RNG involved with how calls turn out to be frustrating. The visual style, slick UI, and the jazz music are all great, but the gameplay just does not stand up for long in my opinion.I still recommend this game, but only on sale as I doubt you will make it all the way through the game, even if you find the main story more interesting than I did."
76561197993694207,Recommended,443810,24794970,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Datek,"Interesting story, good managment style gameplay.  I found this very enjoyable."
,Recommended,443810,24793861,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Peonix,"After completeting the game here is my review of the game.The Good:The story is interesting, with a honest police chief having to choose to walk the fine line of being a good cop and a dirty cop, from dealing with the mafia to following the instructions of a corrupt mayor. There are some plot holes that don't make sense, but I guess that is down to the writing.Alot of the options the player can make like, fire all black cops or surpress the riots by force can be avoided, by just not carrying out the order, but that leaves the mayor's office♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off with you. Solve a bunch more cases and that is no longer an issue.The crime solving portion of the game is interesting, being small puzzles for each case that you have to figure out with input from eyewitnesses and investigations done by your detective. It can be frustrating at times when the information is given is flat out wrong(text bugs?) but these are rare and far between.Having been a real cop irl, I can tell you some of the cases here can be quite realistic, having officers be called to scenes when it's complete bull, while others less serious sounding cases turn out to be dangerous.Having to manage portions of the game dealing with squads of officers sending them out to danger without the complete picture is just not realistic. The game lacks alot of feedback for the player. There are alot of things the player needs to know, like the age of the officers or discover if they are a slacker, but this information is lacking in a management game Which leads us to the bad....The Bad, as much as i would like to recommend this game entirely, here's what's wrong with it.Like i mention earlier, alot of the feedback is missing. For example, taking out the mafia will leave you with fewer choices in the future part of the game, you  could just reload a save and repeat it all again, but it would probably be ideal to let the player know when an explicit decision is required to be made.Gameplay can get repetitive as I tend to tack on to what I know. Always send out a pair of officers(like in real life, who would send an officer out solo irl).Having to manually select a music track each day can be quite irritating and becomes more of a chore, having an option to have it play randomly and and shuffle would probably be more ideal.The mangement portion of the game lacks speed controls like in most management sims, i.e simcity, sims, tropico, etc. But at no time do I think... hey I really need speed controls. But it would probably be nice to have.But these are all just nagging issues. I did enjoy my play of the game. All in all, can I recommend this game?Yes, if you like cop drama, crime solving and noir styled games.No, if you are squimish with real life issues like feminism, racial stereotyping, corruption, church fraud, etc.No, if you want a more indepth experience."
76561198015962930,Recommended,443810,26528098,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Rekzar,"Never I would think that a game with story about a police chief, with a pretty simple gameplay. Would be intresting. Narrative was told pretty smooth, showing nice art style along with nice music, making you care at least what is happening around our Jack.It's sometimes stressful managing your officers, since you are afraid of losing your best ones or losing a lot them. Making you sometimes or often scared to send your best officers and have a chance to lose them, if something goes wrong.(Especially when Main Hall, loves to give you tasks which are hard to do. Not because they are hard, but because if you accept it. You can get screwed over. But even if you do help them, they will still try to do it anyway. In which they will cut part of your roster.) Making it more tragic or hard experience to see your favorite officer vanish, if that happens.One of the cons I have, that the game really forces you to follow a specific path. If you are 100% nice cop, prepare to say Game Over quickly. Which can be understandible in some sense for the narrative, that you must play along with whatever is happening. But it's not really giving you a lot of options if you want to keep going without being killed, if you want to be a good cop. The other con is there is not a lot of choices. Most of the time Jack decides himself what he wants to do, whatever if you want him to do that or not. Sometimes making him look like a good caring person or a♥♥♥♥♥♥(But I guess that was the aim.)There is not much variety when it comes to gameplay. You are 85% of the game ordering your officers go there and deal with it. Only giving variety with detective investigations or small mini game here and there. After every task you get one of the results, which does not get in detail on what exactly happen. When it's a false alarm, it does give some information. But does not do the same for real crime events. If there is for example a psychopath in the bathroom with a knife. And you decided to speak with him and if you succeed. You don't know if he was distracted and officer took his chances or he was reasoned with. The last thing that was annoying me, proper saves are every Monday of in game week time. Sure you have checkpoints for each day. But if you want to re-play a certain day, you must play the entire week where that day is.Overall, I enjoyed the game. Even with it's small repetitive gameplay. I still want to continue, improving my officers so they could get better or maybe deal with the investigation which is so close to be solved."
76561198007132747,Recommended,443810,26532012,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,eldus,"Style 11/10Atmosphere 11/10Corruption 11/10Stress 11/10Law Enforcement 11/10Music is good too, yea...>> I'am a 60-year old Police Chief a few months away from retirement. I don't need anyone telling me how to do my job."
,Recommended,443810,26533606,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Kenya West,"""Keep your friends close, but enemies closer.""- Sun-tzu7/10"
76561198024210740,Recommended,443810,24724162,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,CaptainTeddy,Want to be a policeman when you grow up?Looking for games to help you blow off some steam?Finding a decent game to run on your old crap♥♥♥♥♥PC?Well look no further This is the GAME!
76561197984712984,Recommended,443810,25157991,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Liguar,"How involved should I get in city corruption. Can I do my job as police chief and make it through to retirement without getting my hands dirty?This is a visual novel with stylized graphics spliced in with a fairly straightforward resource management puzzle. It reminds me a bit of Black Closet in the way that resources are time (yours in the over-arching storyline, as well as the hours in an employee workday), and your people (uniforms and detectives). Hire and fire your employees. Send them out on jobs. Hope they get better. Train them. Reward them. Try to keep them happy, or you will be sorry.Some people find the tedium of the daily resource management component (responding to 911 calls) too much, but that is how I'd imagine a lot of policework is. It isn't all excitement. It's frustrating when a civilian gets killed in a robbery because your last officers were out resolving a false alarm. It's frustrating when your detectives aren't getting any new leads on a case that feels like it's been dragging on forever. And meanwhile, both the mafia and city hall are bullying you with unreasonable (and sometimes what seems to be impossible) requests. And just when you get lulled into the smooth jazz record you put on when you got into work and lazily gloss over the details of the call and then a bunch of your officers bite it, it's difficult not to reload a save. But I have tried to live with the nasty surprises, because I figure there will be a lot of them, and dealing with the fallout of nasty surprises seems to be part and parcel of the adventure.So, after 10+ hours of living with bad decisions and nasty surprises, I'm truly enjoying trying to stay afloat (as in keep my job and not get murdered) and the way Boyd doggedly goes to work everyday even though it's such a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Love this game, but it's definitely not for everyone."
,Recommended,443810,25171310,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Cannon Fodder (NOR),This is the a 6 month police version of Kobayashi Maru you cannot win so why not enjoy the ride.
76561198029704499,Recommended,443810,26362591,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,tora75,"Like others have stated; this is a great little game with a story that has several twists and turns. I can't comment on the ending as I have only gotten to about day 70. There is a grindy feel to the game at times, but the story keeps you hooked (as I suppose it was designed to do). While you don't have complete free choice to affect the main story much, you will have to make many choices trying to balance relationships with the mayor's office, police force, citizen groups, and gangs.There are several smaller story elements, mini-games and situational choices that keep the game interesting as well. The art style is neat, music is cool, and the voice acting (for most of the characters) is solid.I do wish there was more transparency and choice around your police force, though. More attributes and complete dossier information would be great. Also, it would be nice to see your best officer(s)- NOTE: you can see some of this info through different panels. They give you some raw ongoing stats about best officer and detective and you can see individual officer stats, but I don't see why you can't see more information about the department in a separate panel to access at any time for replay value; ie, a hall of heroes or something that shows your departments career stats so you can try and best it in another playthrough.We very well may see some of this implemented in the upcoming sandbox mode, however! The game has only been out a couple of months and this is the first title from this dev company.Despite this list of ""nice to haves"", I have enjoyed my time with the game. There seems to be a lot of promise if it ever gets opened up to the modding community. As of now, I can recommend this game as it is a good value for the price. I do hope to see more content down the road though. I'd happily pay for dlc."
,Recommended,443810,26577880,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,I suck at this game,Go ♥♥♥♥ yourself Troy Starr.
76561198264283196,Recommended,443810,31397268,Posted: 27 April,all,emma-a,Much better than I expected. Very interesting main story and a seemingly endless string of crimes and investigations. You can change the outcomes several times so a lot of replay value. The allocation of officers and investigators strongly influence the outcomes of the crimes. A lot of gameplay here and very natural voice acting which makes it a very enjoyable game.
,Recommended,443810,32812635,Posted: 26 June,all,Marco Lichtenthäler,One of the best games I've ever played. Like wth it's addicting as f*ck.
76561198019219227,Recommended,443810,24959952,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,[XIII] Vindictus Vorn,"I am glad I purchased this game after being on the fence.Probably not for everyone , but it is a REFRESHING change of pace!A very relaxing, cerebral, and sometimes addictive game for when you are tired of reflex action games and just need a nice, relaxing, immersive game.As the video shows, the game has a particular artsyle, but the strength of the game is the story, plot, your choices etc.Very original game concept and I am enjoying it so far.My only complaint is the ""FIRST Car Starting"" transition scene...the Devs need to limit it to 1 key turn. this screen gets better later :)Music and atmosphere is great.Also, just when you think you are in a repetitive go to work and home cycle WHAM something unexpected happens.Managing the Police Force is FUN!Riding the thin line between pacifying a Mayor that hates you and the badgering Mafia is difficult.The game is a lot deeper than I originally thought.One expansion away from being EPIC.Well worth $14, if you just need to sit back and pop open a beer or have a scotch on the rocks, while smoking a cigar or just snacking.:)"
76561197971116723,Recommended,443810,24969927,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,McMug,"Really enjoying this, think of it as an adventure game with resource management as the main gameplay. The objective of earning 500,000 in 180 days is mostly a set up for a lot of story threads going on day after day. The pacing ensures there's always something going on and because its hard to tell how things turn out it will keep you engaged.The game is quite lengthy so it's real value for money if you enjoy a good story and resource management. So far I have yet to see any repeat elements so i really appreciate the effort that went into thisEdit:I'm not so sure what I think of this gameIt took me 27 hours to finish the game, i think it went long because I tried to read everything but there really doesn't seem to be much reason to but too much effort in. There are time skips but not really enough to keep the game from dragging on a bit too long. I reached my money target about 80 days in so everything after that was about the story.However, the story elements which are the main draw and keeps you interested in the first third becomes a bit sparse and feels low effort as you go. There are a lot of story threads that seem to go nowhere. There is a possibility that playing differently could get you other events but with a playthrough taking this long, its a bit too much of an ask. What bothers me the most is that the ending doesn't seem to be affected by your decisions in the game unless you go really bad or really good. There's just very little acknowledgment of what feels like major decisions you've made.Another complain I have is how little your management of the police station seems to matter. The police management almost seems like a seperate part of the game that's barely acknowledged in the story. If it is then the feedback you recieve within the game is very poor. Civilians die, your officers die, criminals escape but as long as you prepare a bit its pretty ok. City Hall might say that they're not happy but beyond denying a few requests you make, it doesn't matter. What's amusing though is in one failed playthrough, I managed to get my entirepolice force cut in half and wages cut by 90%. That, I found very amusingStill it's enjoyable enough if you like resource management and text adventure gameplay. The art style is nice and the story element are good enough to draw you in but leaves you a bit unsatisfied in the end."
76561198000042231,Recommended,443810,25153999,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,embrex104,"I booted up the game after watching a couple in game days of content and fell in love with the style. I really enjoy the music and art style mixed. I have only played a couple days in at this point, but I can already tell that this was a great purchase. The quality of the game far outweights the price."
,Recommended,443810,30267070,Posted: 1 March,all,HealPleaseHeal,"Really good game IMO. Love the stories, the cases and the fact that anything can happen to your officers. I've spoken to others who have played this and always love listening to how their paythrough different from mine. It's a great in depth game with a lot of intense missions. Great tactical game and well worth the price.I'm doing a full playthrough here if anyone wants to see how the game functions and plays.https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLofl_epuU4dpcnXp1q7UbaMFHOfraTzE-"
,Recommended,443810,24891990,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Brando[SSR|MG],"If you're looking for a few hours to throw away at a solid, morally ambiguious, Conan the Barbarian-esque (Good guys do bad things, sometimes) storytelling platform then you've found the right game.A lot of people are upset about the ending, but it really speaks to the real world and this new obsession with exploring the grey areas of morality a la Game of Thrones where a character is a villain in one scene and a hero in the next.  How you feel about the ending is really what you'll get out of the game.Sometimes life is just a poopy flavored popsicle and the feeling I had at the end made me feel the same way I do about the current US election prospects.US Election Simulator 2016.10/10 would feel emotionally destroyed again."
,Recommended,443810,25021890,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,OnePieceAttaTime,"One of the best Games ive played this year.  Amazing story, music is pretty good all the way through. I put in over 24hrs.  You will get your money worth out of it."
,Recommended,443810,25345824,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,archdeco,Just describing a typical day in this game is enough to get people interested. Or just mention the part about the woman beating another woman bloody with a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Long live Adrian Godbomber!
76561198087352706,Recommended,443810,25518569,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Aimless,"relaxing, good storry but gets a bit repetative."
76561198044846877,Recommended,443810,25521555,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Indexsonic,"This game has a lot of things that work for it but it needs the small changes to make it work ever better. The changes would make it from a good game to a great game.The things that work.. Storyline. Voice acting. Soundtrack. The art styleThe things that don't work. In game engine can sometimes be unfair with your choices. Time limits, this happens way too much when you get a call from the city hall or the big gang in town and want you hand over some cops to do work for them,  when everything else does have time limits and later on in the game you have stay in everyones good books and you get screwed over by the game and you can't do anything to stop it from happening. The deaths, this one can be unfair sometimes and very random.. How you deal with people who going to bring you down within police, there a few times you have to deal with sometime and find out the only way to fix it by killing a cop and there no other way to deal with it no other way.Would I still recommend the game? Yes I would but the game would of been so much better with the changes put in place and maybe a bit more test playing would fix this."
,Recommended,443810,26610407,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,LurkusMcGurkus,"It's fun, and if you're into noire settings then this is for you.  The only downside is the pacing of the game: it starts off at a quick pace and keeps you invested wanting to learn more; before slowwwwwwwing down to a painful and tedious crawl so that by the time you're at the climax of the story and the pace picks back up you've lost all real investment in the story.So if you can handle the parts that are a bit slow, maybe even boring, then the overall package may be for you."
76561198008019408,Recommended,443810,26651960,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,dutko,"Haven't been this addicted to a game in a long time. Great puzzles, great story. Sometimes could be gimmicky, and once in a while the puzzles made no sense to me. But overall great game."
76561198138099884,Recommended,443810,29504981,Posted: 26 January,all,Ryan Stewart,"(Vague Spoilers) Fun game, totally different from anything what I've played before and it had a solid story line with this flawed but honourable main character. I was dissapointed that the ending is somewhat limited and there is no alternative ending. Now I know a so called happy ending does not need or should be in every situation, game or film but this game is very decision focused and you feel like your  hard planning and thought might be rewarded with perhaps not a good ending for your character but a preferablke ending where there could be a sort of silver lining or a totally different ending altogether but at the end you end up in the exact no matter what and it makes me disinterested in playing again, whereas if there were alternative endings I would love to play again. But in terms of looking for something different, well made and fun to play for the first time round I would most definitely recoomend this game, it's just the replay value I think to be poor. Enjoy :)"
,Recommended,443810,31222049,Posted: 18 April,all,[TC] TheRik,Great piece of work - art!Nice concept - nice playstyle - it will drive you nuts!
,Recommended,443810,24724807,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,"Rest in Peace, Kemono Friends","Very unique combination of a management game and a visual novel rich in decision-making. Interesting story aswell and presented in a fantastic manner, including great voice acting."
76561198008582046,Recommended,443810,24827065,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Grahost,"In a gritty place ruled by gritty old men, you are a 60 year old balding chief of police desperately trying to make enough money in 180 days to retire semi-respectively while also fighting the criminals that haunt Freeburg and fighting the corrupt mayor who cuts your budget because you don't send enought officers to fight the weekly riots in the city, which results in taht you can't fight the new riots because you had to fire an officer because of the ♥♥♥♥ING BUDGET CUT!Also, a really cool interesting story that you want to find out the end to."
,Recommended,443810,24931698,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,SHOT(by)GUN,"Story driven management game, where you do are not required to have quick reaction times.Game will give you lots of choises between Good and Erdogan and you really have to think about every action you take and prepare for the consequences. Also prepare yourself with time, since making hasty decisions might be fatal for you or for your policemen.Don't let the simple graphics style fool you, it has been laid out greatly with thought taking you inside the game. Music is groovy downtempo jazz/blues what at least made me quite relaxed and concentrated. Game provides you with a music choise every morning thus you can listen them all and decide your favorites... Really love some of those songs!Story 5/5Graphics 5/5Music 5/7Sounds 5/5I paid 15€ for this game and I would buy an expansion if one might become available.Perfect Sunday game."
76561198024870309,Recommended,443810,24940780,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,dwarfheros,"Insanely big and fun game, good story and narration but you can just skip all that and HF trying to get as rich as possible anyway you want, dirty cop, good cop. great game. already want to play it again and I'm not even halfway through the game"
76561198268503992,Recommended,443810,25216641,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,The Aussie Terra,I Like this game its cool and fun but i keep trying to balance the sandy and vargas thing out i help sandy 3 times but and i chose to help vargas but jack keeps dieing but other then that i love it i recommed this game
76561197989881179,Recommended,443810,24768530,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Grenademan,Man... How do you sell money???
76561198068606344,Recommended,443810,24817208,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,NVNNezze,"This game is quite interesting case. Basic of the game is strategy and resurse handling as Police Chief of small town named Freeburg.Most of the time you are sending cops to stop crimes or sending them doing some dirty work for someone. Mine experience of this is that you are just hoping nobody gets killed in middle of day and that bomb threat was fake call, because you just sended 3 officer to singing in rap album.If you don't like this kinda of resurse handling games, this ain't for you, because you will be doing that a lot. I consider myself very patient and I have played repeative games, but in this, even I had enought of it. Special jobs and cases are the salt in this, but I understand it's not for everybody.If you can take abuse of repeatness of this game, you can find why it is great. Story is quite well written and takes amusing turns in time to time. Style and music plays great reason why it's easy to just enjoy of atmosphere of this game.There are many small games inside of this game and developers have somehow pulled them to be this one sweet collection.If you think you would enjoy to have collection of simple small games with great story and atmosphere, wrapped around managing police force, this might be for you."
,Recommended,443810,24928035,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Seahorse,"The game is fun, the voice over is well done and Im enjoying the story so far.But - The story can be slow to progress, it gets to the point where sending your cops out on calls is monotonous and can be boring at times. Im at the point now where I roll my eyes when another day goes by and theres zero story progression. Lots of filler, and Im ready to hear more about the story already."
76561198039267144,Recommended,443810,24937383,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Boomknight,"You have to understand I had to taze the dog other wise it would have killed that guy and dead bodies make my boss upset. Then he would cut funding and leave me to fire good men and women of the law. I'm sorry doge. It is for the greater good. D:Ps, this game is like an management form of paper's please. It will force you to make hard choices with out clear out come. The humor in this game is rather tame or ""wtfy"" type of stuff of. ""You are really wasting police's time over this?""For anyways that wants to get more of an understanding of how police thinks or want a more story driven, adult themed experience and for 15$ it feels rather well worth it."
,Recommended,443810,25070043,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Mudpuppy,"Forced to play a bent cop you have to manage your department from sending out policeofficers on calls around the city to piece together an investigation. On top of that you have to help the local mob, assist in gang wars and decide if you want to do 'favors' for a corupt city hall in return for other favors. All this happens as you follow the story of Jack Boyd's personal life and painkiller addiction.This game is well worth the price and I was able to sink over 10 hours in the first couple of days of downloading it."
76561198048399197,Recommended,443810,25213379,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,FoxOfTruth[cz],"""Why the half milion Jack?""Wow, this game have really great story, fine gameplay - it can become pretty repetative,but you hardly notes because of the dark noir story with glimpse of light in satiric humor (little bit like papers please). Nothing to see here, citizens (everybody knows that this sentence is a lie), return to your homes (with this game)!"
,Recommended,443810,26897746,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Veland,"Great game to play when you want to relax and follow a nice story.Really liked the graphics style, and music."
,Recommended,443810,24972192,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Number One Piano Player,"9/10This game is cheap, fun to play and has a decent amount of time you can play on it. It has detailed, interesting cutscenes often, many realistic aspects and you can either be a good cop (Sometimes) but that might not get you the 500k retirement fund or a bad cop.WARNING, SPOILER:There are many twists, early in the game you can help out either The Sands or The Vargas. Also, Jack Boyd goes into a coma quite early in the game too. Later in the game, he takes too many pills and if you don't kill the viruses in this minigame, then you end up in hospital again. Luckily, I managed to get 500k before I went into another ""Coma"" sort of thing."
,Recommended,443810,26399928,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Aazatgrabya,"Absorbing and depressing, though I am loving this so far.  It's a hard lesson to learn being a good cop is bad for your health."
,Recommended,443810,24713044,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,John,"This game has more despair than any Danganronpa game. I died because I was too good of a cop, but at least I died being a good cop."
,Recommended,443810,24743938,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Lamar1226,Corrupt police management simulator... Awesome
,Recommended,443810,24929891,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,i shit in a urinal,my parents walked in on the introloved the cat fights
76561198188729849,Recommended,443810,25404131,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,JohnKnobody,"This is an incredible game, one that I would suggest to anybody.  The story is gripping, the gameplay is great considering what it is (you are managing a police team to arrest criminals, and sometimes to earn a quick buck).  You're constantly under pressure by groups that can end the game for you if you don't please them, and that leads me to one of the biggest problems people say the game has.  You don't get to decide the path you go on.  True, in the beginning, you get a choice to help your deputy out or leave him to die, but your decision doesn't change the game.  The game has a set path, and all you can do is change the details.  So, if you're going to buy the game, keep in mind that you are not able to change your fate in huge ways.  This is a game with a story, and a very great one at that.  Besides the gameplay, the music is also really amazing.  Throughout the game, you can buy records, cassettes, and CD's so you can listen to music while you perform your duty as police chief of the FPD.  Sadly, you lose the ability to listen to old music when you upgrade, but the new music makes up for it.All in all, the game is pretty great.  I had no problems with it, and I thoroughly enjoyed myself while I was playing (except for when Stett and Starr came into the scene).  If you want a game with a well-written story, good gameplay, and great music, then this is the game for you."
76561198007201057,Recommended,443810,31208992,Posted: 17 April,all,stimpson.j.cat,It's a simple yet gripping game. Good story.
,Recommended,443810,33100803,Posted: 1 July,all,Zep,"The game is good, quite met my expectations, but expected more to it, like more endings, the style is great, and it's quite worth it if you're into management games. 7/10"
,Recommended,443810,24723924,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,ChromeDawn,"An awesome game! Definitely buy it!I was playing it until 2am (when I forced myself to go to bed so that I could actually function at work) and must have restarted about 30 times to go through the different story options. Currently on day 27 of 180 so I expect my weekend will be taken up with playing this game :-)I enjoy the art style, music, and the main voice actor is great. The actual gameplay whilst simple does actually have some depth forcing you to think about when to send your officers out, how many to send, what rank to send etc.A slight issue with 3440x1440 resolution, where the aspect ratio doesn't change and the view is zoomed in to reach the edges of the monitor, thus cutting off the top and bottom of the viewable area.Thankfully changing to 2560x1440 fixed it, albeit with black bars on the sides.That is the only thing I can find technically wrong with the game, I haven't encountered any other bugs.There are 2 design choices that I find questionable, both are at the start of each new day;1) Having to choose the music without the option to set this automatically. Yes it is nice to be able to choose what to listen to and to be able to not listen to any music, but after multiple restarts over the 27 in-game day period I have played so far this just gets annoying. Especially as the animation of the record being played can't be skipped. I love the music but the animation annoys me so much that I have just started playing without the music just so that I can get right into the next day.2) At the start of each day Jack (the protagonist) starts his car, its older and quite beaten up so I can understand that he has to turn it over three times before it gets going, but this is another un-skipable animation that just annoys me. I know that they are trying to make (what I assume) is a loading screen interesting and that this is very difficult to do. But I would have preferred an actual loading screen, especially because I have a beast of a machine (i7, 32GB DDR4, gtx1080, m.2 SSD) that would be able to load the next day fairly quickly (more quickly than the animation at any rate) and I can't help but feel that I would be able to get back into the game sooner if there was a way to skip this animation once it had loaded. Maybe a button like some other games that you can click when ready.If you notice both of those are really just suggestions that I would personally like to have, both would let me get into the game more quickly, and if those and 1 minor bug are the only things I can find wrong with the game then they are doing really REALLY well in my opinion."
,Recommended,443810,24767130,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Devonicus,"Bottom Line, Up Front: This is a good, fun game. You'll enjoy dying. You'll enjoy not dying. You'll enjoy the unique artwork, music, and premise. This game will also wanting more in the way of management, depth, and possibilities left unfullfilled.The Review:Visual: It is an intentionally simplistic game, focused on a bare-bones UI to send your police force and its capabilities in response to crime and corruption. The cutscenes are great and fun. It feels fresh. Haven't seen anything like this in a video game. It pairs well with the narration and music. The actual game visual mechanics, however, leave much to be wanted.Mechanics: I saved some of my visual criticism for this section. I will start with the fact that as a starting point, this is a great set up. The game needs more detail, though. You will never know enough about your employees, pre-, during, or post-employment. There isn't enough information on response times, trip times, how to get promotions, what causes missions to fail, what causes missions to succeed? I'm sure there is some level of intentional vagueness to mimic real life, but let's be real, as a police chief, I should know way more about the capabilities of my officers than is suggested in this game.Plotline: This story sets off with some potential. Potential, but also depressingly linear. The consequences of your actions do not feel rewarding. There needs to be more drastic divergence in the storyline for the ""branching decisions"" to feel worth it. Right now, it's just kind of... do whatever it takes to survive, which is honestly♥♥♥♥♥♥ The ability to balance and reject corruption in the Chief's later years should be more possible. Right now, it just seems like, no, do what the villains say or else you die. :-). Cool? Not really.Overall: This game was really great at making me want a genuine police management simulation, where we get control a law enforcement entity strategically, as opposed to being the SWAT force or responding police officers. Looking forward to something more rewarding."
,Recommended,443810,24813623,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,-A- LadyGrrimm,"Took me a while to really get any time put into this game due to crashing/freezing issues. I've found I have to play this game in Direct X 11 mode in order to keep that from happening. Since I've done that, I've had a chance to get more of a feel for the game. The storyline is pretty good so far. I find myself looking forward to what's going to happen next. However, due to how the game plays, the progression seems a bit slow for me. Not necessarily a negative, just requires a bit more patience than most games nowadays. If you like choice-based games, though, like I do, you'd enjoy this game. Plus, since the choices do seem to affect how the story progresses or, at least, how the game mechanics play out (i.e. fulfilling City Hall tasks versus ignoring them), there does seem to be at least some level of replay value. With that in mind, as well as the other aspects of the game, I would definitely say this game is worth its cost."
76561198008928472,Recommended,443810,24876988,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,AdvisingBob,"""Great conversation piece at the very least, I tell people how easy it was for me to become corrupt.""A story based game that does well in developing its characters. I personally enjoyed the voice acting. If you're into management with a few minigames, investigations and those bit games, in between, then you're in for a treat. Honestly, this is the kind of game I would imagine playing again a year later at the least. So why do I recommend this game? The narrative is a nice break from the typical predictable plot lines found in most games. It's a tragic story. Now the story isn't perfect, but it isn't horrific either. As you can tell by some of the funny comments, this game at the very least will generate some interesting stories.-One day a guy asks me for 3 corpses from my force to use for his own interests, and gives me no insentive to do so. So of course I wasn't going to give what he wanted. But on the same day, I had two people die on the way back from a job where they got drunk. So then I thought, well I already have 2 ready for him.-Asked the Mafia to help me get rid of some people to satisfy a request from City Hall. Not only did I fail that request cause the trap is set for the next day, but I forgot I set the trap and sent 3 decent people to get ambushed."
76561198126693820,Recommended,443810,24912499,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,avalanchebagel,"Great story with good voice acting, and okay gameplay where choices matter. But these choices are few and far between. The gameplay would be fine if it was for 60 days, but 180? I dont think so. Its a good game to play for short bits of time though."
,Recommended,443810,24961234,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Tamerlane,"I wish there was a grey button instead of Yes or No. I'm middle of the road but slightly leaning towards NO.Gameplay basically consists of you sending Officers on calls and assigning Detectives on Investigation. There will be somewhat advance tasks later on but it the end it's still monotonous. SWAT and Paddy Wagon(If acquired) offer support for your units.Days starts, calls happen, send Cops on calls, Detectives take care of Investigations which can take a few days to resolve with clues and frames popping up. This is basically it. There will be some derivations later on but it's not a significant change.You will have to balance factions in this game. City hall, Mafia, etc. If you go full on stupid and ignore one or overstep your authority like start firing your people illegally there will be consequences. Some will end up with you getting fired or simply killed. Honestly, it sounds better than it really is.Big investigations will happen later. Take down the mob, do a chain investigation, Serial killer, Side with Mayor or the fruity guy, etc. Oh, you have limited days to complete your objective of earning your retirement pay but I won't spoil that one, belive me you'll have enough time.The story feels like an old gumshoe comic and It's interesting. The voice acting is good for the most part and the music really great for the time period. Unfortunately the game is bogged down by the same tedious missions day in and out. I suppose if I wanted to feel what paper pushing feels like I'd just get a desk job.Try the game for an hour, it definitely deserves a chance but I just can't bring myself to finishing it having to deal with the boring gameplay even though the story got so much more interesting 2/3 of the way in.Oh yeah, GO **** YOURSELF TROY STARR. ( Best part of day 1)"
76561198092431729,Recommended,443810,25065981,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,MORROGANDER,I don't understand why someone write such a long article then give it a NO...
,Recommended,443810,25071076,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,litty,send a dead police officer to work tomorrowzombie game confirmed
,Recommended,443810,25103449,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Ultrae Vires,"Unique, fun, presents challenging decisions and weighing risks amoungst the different groups you are trying to appease. The story is engaging and gives you scope to change the course of the game.At this price, certainly recommended."
76561198105889990,Recommended,443810,25182245,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,BOBBERT,"Wow. I saw some gameplay on youtube and bought this game since its cheap (aprox. only 18$ canadian) and was thouroughly impressed. I loved the music, and the stratagy aspects of managing each individual officers days off, rank and reliability. Great game overall!"
76561198079543881,Recommended,443810,25200067,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,den.reva,"*SPOILER ALERT*!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!*SPOILER ALERT*I have finished the game.... What a letdown! Some people say the ending is artsy; I say devs rushed the ending. The characters are rich and interesting, some moral choices are nailbittingly tough, the threats are high and the stakes are higher. Except non of it matters.For instance, you get a chance to jail the Godfather of Freeburg. Sounds like a big deal, isn't it? Our good-ol' boy Jack is taking some ballsy decisions. But the giant consequence of jailing an established and ""living"" character is that now you cannot sell 'crime evidence' to mafia. Beyond that, it has no impact on the story - not even a short cut-scene. And whatever happened to Lana? She seemed to have a whole file of evidence against me.. I have also never had officers testify against me.All in all, it feels like devs had a lot of ideas, but had to rush the execution for whatever reason. Have you noticed, how long and detailed cut-scenes from the begging of the game were getting shorter and less frequent by the end? And in the end, there is no pay-off. The saddest thing is - the game itself was great, but it has no replay value.. I'd still recommend it, i guess.."
76561197996307174,Recommended,443810,26554742,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Stug,>I ain't helping no mafia!>Gets shot by the mafia10/10
,Recommended,443810,26570823,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Lumin,Rad
,Recommended,443810,26639446,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Mr. Skeletal,Jon St. John voices the protagonist10/10 would quote Duke Nukem over actual dialogue again
,Recommended,443810,26665101,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,JonLimitless,"Okay so I'll be honest that I'm currently addicted. I've had it 3 days and put in 28 hours so take my opinion as a grain of salt. I enjoy the subject matter, art style, level of play and ever changing replayiblity. There are some minor things with it like design tweaks I would of made different and added more support to options. It is definitely worth the price and a great game to play to get distract."
76561198314608963,Recommended,443810,26673329,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Tahkerovsky,"This game has a good story,but making decisions doesn't really matter.The music is good,but it is kind of boring when you have played it for too long.(I started to feel bored about the game on the 23.5th hour.)"
,Recommended,443810,31084950,Posted: 11 April,all,Microsoft EXCELSIOR!,"How do you really review a game where you're only control over the character is making select decisions?Well for starters the decisions are interesting and they have a real impact. It's got a good story maybe not necessarily with outstanding characters but it always make you want to push to find out how it ends. On top of that it's a good game just to relax with. Come home, crash, turn on the TV show you never listen to and play an hour of this game. Since every 'day' in the game consists of you sending police officers to keep the city intact it's not something you play repetitively. Just every now and then boot it up and continue Jack Boyd's surprisingly compelling story.And the thing about that is I don't want to harp on the story but the way this game is designed that's all it has. And that's not bad in the slightest. It pulls it off beautifully for a purchase I don't regret for a second. So if you've got some spare time to kill it's a good purchase and I strongly recommend it."
,Recommended,443810,31187590,Posted: 16 April,all,volkov,"This is the Police is a game about Jack Boyd, Freeburg Police chief.He is 60 an 3 months away from a forced retirement.The game is like a cartoon kinda thing, but way more grim and dark, almost like a film noir.But first things first: the Soundtrack is amazing and very fitting!Like something from a♥♥♥♥♥♥Tracy novel or the first Max Payne.The main part of the game is managing your Police force, taking calls, sending out units, lead investigation.And this is kinda dull but there is always some condition to it, it has highs and lows but it is a Desk-Job being Police chief.All this is interrupted by cartoon segments which drives the story forward.And the story is brilliant, not superb but it really got me.In the Act 1 you start to understand how everything works, who everybody is, what Jacks motivation is and Jacks goal.And just when you understand what it take to achieve that goal, everything changes.Act 2 is filled with some sort of hope. Things start to work out, go the right way and Jack gets some allies.And all of a sudden, there is a sense of: ""this could just end well."" and the moment you get comfy with it, all comes crashing down on Jack.In Act 3, hope is gone, the grim reality of politics and intrigue kicks in. And in all this, you have to figure out a way to achieve Jacks goal.In the end it is still Jacks Story, not the one the player imagined to play.Jack knows more than the Player, the player is too naive, because games teach us, that there is some sort of a good ending.But Jacks story is not like that."
76561198268499314,Recommended,443810,31707189,Posted: 12 May,all,atesson18,"A fantastic game, if you enjoy simple management simulators and/or story based gamesPros:- Fun Gameplay- Interesting voice acting (although sometimes very cheesy)- Nice, not overcomplex story- Believable scenarios, both in gameplay and cutscenes- Great soundtrack, lots of nice jazz tracks that you can choose to play for yourselfCons:- Gameplay gets a tiny bit repetitive at times- Some systems and mechanics aren't explained very well or at all8.5/10"
,Recommended,443810,25297518,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,The Infamous John,"7/10Great storyline. But the game play is a bit tedious. Your choices in the game don't really matter. However, it is still a game worth playing to the end. I personally regard the end as epic.However, I would say you will never want to play this game twice..."
,Recommended,443810,26533631,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,☁ sad guy (ASSIST MONSTER),Sent all my officers to be killed by the mob.???Profit10/10 GOTY
76561198048753250,Recommended,443810,26536147,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Juices,love it
76561198009903018,Recommended,443810,24792685,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Corwin86,"An ""unexpected"" game: very interesting and quite hard, also to replay.It's a good sim/adventure game, and you see they put a lot of effort in it: good graphics, good game mechanics, good music selections...However, I agree the main plot is a bit... I don't know... ""soap opera"" style.But I didn't find it terrible (as someone pointed out), just a little ""plain"".Howerall, a really good game, for the right price."
76561198054569692,Recommended,443810,26532158,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Zmikund Lucembruzký,Some guys from my squad told the auditors I sent them to help mafia in gangster wars.I got my weekly salary (somehow) reduced to 60 dolars per week.I bought names of the traitors.It was my best cop and the most entrusted detective.Paid mafia to kill them.Then sold their bodies on transplant organs.Their family has never seen their bodies again.Revenge complete.
76561197995677455,Recommended,443810,24794413,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,thx1138,Very good game great music ambiance
76561198035629407,Recommended,443810,25261149,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Shuckle,"This game is worth the 15$ I payed for it.I Liked: The Story, Casual Play, Strategy, MusicI Disliked: I probably won't be able to finish the game. If at first you don't succeed, restart?I really wanted to finish the story but I am tired of being killed without it being explained, arrested without it being explained, and the city firing all my employees to force a restart. You have to ride the wave of success straight through and I like to learn as I play so this game isn't for me. But pro gamers, grinders, and strategy guide gamers might enjoy this game for its storyline, acting, music, and police management gameplay."
,Not Recommended,443810,35214031,Posted: 25 September,all,Zinfidel,"The Good:Initially entertaining and involved sim mechanics that rapidly reveal more depth over the first couple of hours of gameplay. The music is excellent, and I was happily buying new music from the catalog the moment it was available. The voice-acting is top-notch (with the notable exceptions of a few characters). The story dumps you into a seedy and intriguing world of police-work that legitimately makes you want to see what's going to happen each day (for a few hours).The Bad:The game's main mechanics just do not hold up to the amount of time you have to spend to complete the game. By halfway through the game, it had become a grind and I just wanted the days to be over as quickly as possible so I could get to the next cutscene. The story starts to become a bit predictable as well, and the depth of characters becomes noticably worse somewhere near a 1/3 of the way through the game.As many others have already pointed out, the game's inclusion of real social issues holds a lot of promise for deeper narrative and difficult choices, but the the issues are presented at such a shallow (and sometimes farsical) level and with so little consequence that it borders on being insulting to one's intelligence. It's a bad sign when the game's primary motivator for serious social encounters, City Hall, is something you start to laugh at and ignore routinely because you know nothing will really come from it.Recommend?If you're the kind of person who really enjoys routine, you might find joy past the first few hours of this game. I have trouble sticking with games that don't stay ""fresh"" throughout, and if you're the same, I'd say give it a pass."
,Recommended,443810,27006090,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Talos The Soul Hunter,"Suddenly, one of the best games of the year!"
76561198045332406,Recommended,443810,27383564,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Estroll,"The game feels fantastic in the first two hours, the gameplay is creative and there's plenty of great writing that does more than flavor text. The plot also managed to present difficult choices.Then it all goes down. The most story-invloved gang goes down like any other small gangs, without even noticing whatever choice the player made before. Texts become repeatant and predictable, and the difficulty needed for late game is achieved, for some reason, by limiting the use of SWAT. Even then, the late game is still largely uneventful grinding.It would be so much better if the developer had more time or if this game is more compact. I think I will buy a sequel of this."
,Recommended,443810,27879738,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Whitefoo5001,"Great game to kill time with, nothing over the top to make price point about e 10$ but a solid experience."
,Recommended,443810,26862395,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,UncleSatko,"Сложно описать эмоции от этой игры в нескольких предложениях, но я попытаюсь это осуществить.Итак,представьте вторую половину 50-х годов ХХ века.Вы-простой шеф полиции, которому осталось до пенсии чуть больше полугода.И вы понимаете, что на вашу ничтожную зарпалту о беспокойной старости можно и не мечтать.Ну тут с вами внезапно связывается одна из старейших городских мафий и предлагает помочь с ""уходом на покой""......Это для вас This is the Police в кратце(спойлеры не включены в этот обзор!!).Но теперь возьмите эту концепцию и уберите из неё фиксированность истории на конкретном  временном отрезке.Оставьте только интересную историю, занимательные вызовы каждый день и прекрасную музыку, котрая будет сопровождать вас на протяжении оставшихся дня в качестве защитника вашего родного города.Рекомендую для всех, кто любит увлекательное, но неспешное повествование, уникальное звуковое оформлерие и просто желает почуствовать себя шефом полиции хотя бы на денёк....."
,Recommended,443810,24712439,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Bez,This game is worth $14
76561198019420645,Not Recommended,443810,26754700,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,[ShIN].Bear,"Simply put, the game develops slowly and the payoff is not enough."
,Not Recommended,443810,25021931,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Sessh,"If I had written this review at around 3 hours of gameplay then I'd recommend this game, but after playing for 8 hours, I cannot. The story is very compelling and really that's what kept me playing past the 3 hour mark. The gameplay, while fun at first, becomes very monotonous and boring to the point of where I am just looking at how many officers I need to send and then sending a couple and moving on. It takes multiple days to get the story to progress sometimes and it makes me wish that there were less days so that way I was getting story after every day. The story is amazing and I wish that the gameplay was even half as good so I could finish the game but it has become such a grind to get past days that I had to give it up."
76561198144640735,Not Recommended,443810,24729515,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Bravo6x,"There's no success in this game, just bad, really bad, and worst answers you can choose from. The mechanism, the base structure of the game is nice. But the story... it's just showing a corrupt city's justice/police system in a real dark way. You can't make real lifelike decisions. Just what the game offers. I've got 20 or so cases/events, and my officers were able to solve the problem in like 2-3 cases. Really??? That just ridicoulus, not even close to realism. This game just want to throw you down in a hole of corruption, bad public safety, mafia system and all the worst things you can imagine in a dark city. The only thing you can do is choosing from answers/possibilities from: bad,worse,worst... There's no real ""managing"". This game was not the game what i waited for. Sorry, big mistake."
,Recommended,443810,31419227,Posted: 28 April,all,JLtheking,"In this game, you play as Jack Boyd, a middle-aged Chief of Police that has 180 days till he has to retire, and for reasons which you will tragically come to learn, has to earn $500,000 before the dateline. Due to this time limit, you will be pressured into engaging in the numerous illicit activities that the game offers: from selling the drugs and weapons you confiscate to the mafia for a personal profit, to using your authority as chief to send officers out to perform illegal activities, to even killing your own officers for some reason or another. You will have to toe the line with your own morality to decide what or what not to do, and the game gives you a refreshing opportunity to make your own moral choices as a person with power in the safe space of a video game.If you enjoyed ""Papers, Please"", this is a must-try. It's certainly much longer than Papers, Please, and it has a gameplay loop that is well implemented and engaging throughout.PROS:+Engaging Story that will keep you engaged and keep on playing to find out what happens next+Good Gameplay that has you role-play which officers to dispatch and how you resolve crimes in progress+Excellent Soundtrack with a variety of offerings+Music Menu is very intiguing. Love the flavor.+Events are written up very well, where so far every crime that popped up in my 33 hours playthrough was unique and interesting to read.+Investigations are genuinely intriguing and fun to solve.Meh:~Serviceable Graphics Style that might be attractive to some but offer a lack of detail and effort to others. Check Screenshots to see if you are intigued~Core Gameplay loop is unable to sustain entertainment throughout the 30+ hours of playtime I played. It is excellent at the start and whenever you are introduced to new game mechanics, but after 20 or so hours of the same routine, I got bored, and the only thing that kept me going was the good story.~Voice Acting was only great in particularly the Player/Protagonist Jack Boyd. Many of the other Voice Actors were complete trash and did not suit the character.CONS:-For some reason, every time a certain story event(s) happens, the music player changes for some unexplainable reason and you somehow lose access to all the music you have previously owned and worse, purchased.-For the last act, the choice of music is irritably small.-No shuffle or loop function to the music player... you have to manually select a track every time the previous track ends, unless you enjoy a chilly quiet gameplay.-Some choices to solve crimes are plain stupid. For example, there is a fire: one of the choices is to unzip your pants and quench the fire...?Overall a great game which fulfills a niche reasonably well, while taking the opportunity to tell its own tragic narrative that I found particularly intriguing. I don't know if there is another ending I could have gotten, but the one I was presented with was really sad and I loved it. A definite recommend to try it out, even at full price ($15 for my region)."
76561198076919519,Recommended,443810,28391882,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Padakunn,"My points: 6 out of 10Story is good and continues till the end of the game. However, last part of the game was quite frustrating as there was no joy of gameplay left. I just kept going as the end was pretty close. The game just laught at me while taking away all my resources without any reasonable explanation to handle the crime.But I liked the game idea a lot."
76561198008366600,Recommended,443810,31373824,Posted: 26 April,all,Svartvadet,"This Is the Police+ Great fun story, but can be abit tragical sometimes. Great cutscenes.+ Great character stories and voiceover acting.+ Sandbox mode (when you've finished the main story).+ Fitting music.+ Stable, never had any bugs.-+ Gameplay where you send your policemen to respond to crimes can feel abit repetetive after awhile for some, but I think they are well done, almost all of them feel unique and some of them provide with further choices on how to act.-+ There are choices to make and sides to pick which makes the game replayable, but the general gameplay is the same. The usual crimes you respond and send your police force to are exactly the same for each playthrough. I won't spoil you about the endings here, there are enough threads on the forum about it.I recommend this game. It's a good game for the full price but Steam can put it up on a sale. I do recommend you to play it atleast once, it's worth it.  :)"
,Not Recommended,443810,31330481,Posted: 23 April,all,Patrick Bateman,"If you like doing the same thing the entire game, you'll love it.I like the concept of the game but it is rather easy to figure out how to manage your police department effectively. Once you get this down, you just point and click day after day."
,Recommended,443810,24911692,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,cach.e,"Exactly the kind of game I always hope for when I start playing an indie-game. Good art-style, good story and interesting gameplay. Highly recommended."
76561197968445709,Recommended,443810,24706148,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Aape,Nice game. Got totally corrupted and had 2 of my officers wasted while trying to understand abstract artist.10/10 would ask about art again
,Recommended,443810,24820379,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,The Last Game Cube,"This game is really fun and story is pretty cool. You are Jack Boyd voiced by (Jon St. John/ Aka Duke Nukem) a 60 year old police chief whom is close to the end of his career. You have two simple goals in this game. Make $500k at the end of the game which is 180 days and stay the police chief. You have to be corrupt to meet this goal but its fun being corrupt. I don't understand why all these people played the game thinking they could be white knights the whole. If you are a white knight in real life you get murdered. EX Vince Foster, Robert Kennedy. If you don't help the Mafia or City Hall early on you will either die or be fired. Most of the calls you get for the police to respond to are decent and I haven't seen any of tha calls repeat."
76561198085812837,Recommended,443810,25085540,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Sunbro,I really enjoyed it. Not much else to say about it.
,Recommended,443810,30978428,Posted: 6 April,all,Kevinet,FBPD has an ubsurdly high mortality rate.The game is good though.
76561198078977554,Recommended,443810,31015728,Posted: 8 April,all,Dr.Zombi,This game is amazing !
76561198007386984,Recommended,443810,24752760,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Nemo,"After doing almost two playthroughs of this game here's the review:TL;DR: ""This is the police"" is an interesting game and definetly worth the money. However this is in no way a realistic game and is to be taken with a certain measure of (dark) humour - you've been warned.---The game puts you in the boots of Jack Boyd - Freeburgs Police Chief. As such you have to manage the police department in hiring/firing people and responding to emergency calls. However this can get a bit repetitve sometimes. It tries to mitigate that issue by putting easter eggs and jokes to these calls - keep an eye out for those. You also have to keep several people such as mafia bosses or the mayor happy. Otherwise some situations might result in budget cuts and/or premature deaths.Overall the game has a very compelling and interesting story built in different stages, however the choices you make rarely affect the end outcome of the game. Story wise think of it a bit as another telltale game.The game mechanics are very well implemented and really easy to get a grasp of. Maybe a bit too easy.Without to give too much away; I really like the investigation system and actually wish there were more to do. The entire snitches and corruption system is pretty neat too. Albeit a bit underwhelming and could have been fleshed out a bit more. Towards the end game the political view should affect your police officers - however I haven't seen a big difference there.The loyalty and numbers of your police officers has no affect on your availlable troop count for the end assault.The game is very enjoyable when you don't take it seriously, however I wished some of the mechanics were a bit more fleshed out. Some more content would be nice. Those 180 days(not actually 180, due to a coma and drug abuse)flew by.WHOOP WHOOP!"
76561197998166394,Recommended,443810,24779246,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Muffinmandible,"A good, relaxing management game.  My playthrough took 20 hours.The ending is to be expected of the theme but still dissapointing."
76561198040954814,Recommended,443810,24982111,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,_jagd,"*NOTE* it may seem like the ""cons"" section is much longer than the pros but that is simply because I included examples so please don't let that deter you from trying the game out or learing more of it.FINALLY a well made strategic police managment game! Now to some people this game may seem odd and ""foreign"" due to it's very specific setting and genre, But trust me this game is worth it. Firstly I will start with the pros of this game and then move on to the cons.This game does a marvelous job of setting the mood and atmosphere of this game, wether it be the lovely collection of tracks that you can buy with your in game money in the catalog or simply the events that are happening throught the game. This game also does a good job on the choices in certain events during the game if it's a cutscene or just a call to your station throught the game. It definetley makes you feel like your choices matter greatly because they actually do instead of jut making it look like that. The game has an interesting plot and a likeable main character that is consistent through the entire game. Now you may be asking ""well this game sounds great what could be wrong with it?"" and to be honest it really isn't much of a ""game breaking problem than it is an inconvenience.The category where this resides is the game mechanics. Now to start off i will list an example of a certain problem occuring that happened quite often in my first playthrough, (I say first because I plan on restarting and playing the game again now that I have learnt more tips and helpful things through my first go) while i was playing I had just sent my last remaining officers on a recent call that I had very little time to respond to. The second I send them a mission from the mayor (which you will recieve commonly) now you would think, or at least I would,that you would at least recieve some time since most all of these calls are not as urgent as any of the others you usually attend to. But no, you must send a specific number of cops right then or else the mayor will be dissapointed and lower your chances of requests that you send to city hall and when this happens constantly it will irratate you when you always get them right after you run out of cops. The next problem i have wiht this game is the fact that when there is a riot and you are called it is completley random as to wether or not you should use force, now on my first riot I had no clue about this so when I chose to not use force during the feminist rally I was punished for it so when the next riot came around (The lgb one) I thought I was supposed to use force and when I did I was wrong to do that and thenbrought in for questioning under the accusation of ""abusing my power"". For right now these are all the ""main"" problems with the game as I am currently on day 67 and I probably am in no position to review the game yet but I thought i'd express my opinion. Thank you for reading."
,Recommended,443810,31033478,Posted: 8 April,all,LT KASHLUK,"Incredibly addicting game!The basic gameplay is quite simple, but develops more detail as the story proggresses. Learning curve is very optimal: as soon as you think you've mastered everything, the game throws another component in the mix.The protagonist is overweight, cynical and morally ambiguous - haven't seen characters this realistic in a long while. By the time I'm writing this I've ""only"" played the game for 22 hours, but I still feel like I've just scratched the surface and explored only a few of the possible outcomes."
76561198059405174,Recommended,443810,31120781,Posted: 13 April,all,Kevino,"This is the Police is about the story of an old police chief who is just about to retire when new troubling events come in his path. The way he deals with these problems is up to the player. So to say, it is al about morality and good thinking. How the remaining 180 days in the police force will go for Jack Boyd is up to you!Pros: Good story + amazing soundtrackCons: somewhat repetitive gameplay + disappointing ending7.5/10"
76561198045297042,Recommended,443810,24804118,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,xXPawnStarrXx,"I fully support this game, I watched SplatterCatGaming playing it before it was released. I thought, Why the hell not. I would be kicking myself if I didn't and knew what I had passed up.I give it 8.6/10 (I'm pretty critical but this is damn high even for my standards.)The story didn't seem to capture me at first, the more I progressed the more it drew me in at an alarming rate. There were no punches held, the game was brutal, I would lose officers of 600 professionality on just standard callouts and it was actually crushing to get them so far along.{Spoilers start here}The Mayor is the biggest♥♥♥♥♥you can ever encounter.I didn't like at first how you couldn't avoid going dirty, it was tedious and annoying.Jacks story about his wife didn't interest me much.I felt there could've been more with Lana, but I made the wrong call.The pure ""Rush"" I got from freeing myself from the Sands and Rodgers was great, but the end I got was heart breaking.{Spoilers over.}I honestly loved this game, I played it every time I had the chance and still feel there could be very little to improve it without breaking the storyline.P.s. I did the American thing and shot and Tased everyone I could. <3 (Why have power you can't abuse.)"
76561197972366439,Recommended,443810,24982205,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Wildsky,"Really enjoyable game! Great writing and art style. I enjoyed the contemplative pacing and bouncing from the main storyline into the day-to-day management of the department. For me, this is a great indie win."
,Recommended,443810,34243507,Posted: 14 August,all,y e e t.男.秀雄 | gamekit.com,Fired an elderly man because the mayor told me to
,Recommended,443810,32815639,Posted: 26 June,all,headcrabbed,Awesome game.
76561198040755243,Recommended,443810,24851060,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,djc,Halfway through my second playthrough and can't stop.  Fantastic game.
76561198054464414,Recommended,443810,25220876,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,PunxNotDead,"I liked the game. The management system is fun, this game itself is pretty stylish. I really like the decision making within the game - like, it's up to you if the mafia does well or ceases to exist. I really liked multiple references to real life, humorous and tragic. However, there were a couple of things that I missed:1. I feel like the story with his wife and Lana do serve the purpose (to create a neonoir environment), but still I'd like them to be complete.2. Zero replayability. Like, the events are not random generated but scripted, so the next game is going to be exactly the same - with the exception of your choices.3. The missions by the Bishop. The description is super fun, but the pay is ridiculous. BTW, did anyone ever used anu church service in the game?Overall - great game. I got about 1.1M and eradicated 5 gangs including both major ones and didn't get killed. So I'd consider this success.10 corrupted police chiefs out of 10 possible"
76561197995072252,Recommended,443810,26620682,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,lemo,can't play properly since it freezes when using linux and intel hd 520.none the less well made game.
,Recommended,443810,24722084,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,blacktorch,"Note: English is not my mother tongue, so bear with me.I'd say that I am at 35-40% of the game now and I've spend 11 hours now. I didn't like the protagonist at first, but it got better and better. The story is really dark, somewhat in a Gotham-theme (drugs, murder, terror, a corrupt city, mafia, racism...) and you are the old police chief there. The main game is a balance between sending out the right amount if officers and evaluating the level of risk for each mission/call. Just when I thought of the game getting a bit repetitive it introduced a new feature, and a new feature, and a new feature... Sending out detectives, solving cases, reveal mysteries, working through false alarms, evaluating calls and their importance and their level of risk, destroy clans through interrogations or torture, give public speeches and live with their outcome and effect on the public and much more. The game really grew on me and it also has replay value: You basically can choose between being a good, bad (or normal?) cop. Idk yet if the choices matter though, but I am eager to find out. Ohh… and did I already mention the GREAT soundtrack(s)!? Right now I really think it's worth the money, but I will report back after I've managed to finish the game to reevaluate my rating.Edit (after finishing the game): The end was not satisfying and it doesn’t felt like I had any influence what so ever on the main protagonists’ behavior and/or the outcome of the story and end. The game itself has a lot of potential, but the story is really weak and linear. I still think it’s worth the money. I've spent a good day of game-time (26h) for 1 playthrough and, except for the story, the game was fun."
,Recommended,443810,24901517,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Deadman Wonderland,"Heads up, this isn't going to be a very helpful review. I just wanted to say that on my first day assigning cops to duties, I sent my super incapable, alcoholic, VERY OLD woman cop to check out an armed robbery of an adult video store and she was killed by teenagers. Seems pretty realistic I guess."
,Recommended,443810,24918012,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Pasozzle,"Interesting game, can get repetitive between plot events, but the story is compelling"
,Recommended,443810,24968514,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,🎃 halloweave 🎃,if you like semi-micromanaging policemen while avoiding getting assassinated by the mafia this game is for youmuh moral dilemmas and such etc.its a good game
76561198172305450,Recommended,443810,24984626,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Lure77,"In the begining i had some doubts, reviews were good but things i didnt like seemed prominent in the game. I had seen some other people on youtube play it and i wasnt really sure it would be worth that much money. I then bought the game thinking that i could be very cheap and refund if necessary... i then played it 6 hours straight and didnt even eat lunch or dinner."
76561198047172437,Recommended,443810,25188230,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,octacom,GODDAMNIT LAURA WHY DIDN'T YOU REMEMBER?!?!10/10
76561198115461555,Recommended,443810,25083500,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,The Communist School Shooter,"Offered hostages free pizza, negotiated bomb situation, sent 2 police hostages, doesn't defuse the bomb, decides to drive through a bank's entrance with a SWAT van, runs over civilians, shoots the madman, forgot to defuse bomb. 10/10 lost half the force."
76561197992379022,Not Recommended,443810,29427812,Posted: 22 January,all,anne_gwish,"It took me a long time to think about whether I would recommend this game to others or not, and unfortunately in the end it has to be no.This is a great idea for a game and an incredibly strong start narratively - you, an old police chief living in a now empty home is told in no uncertain terms your time in office is over and you must make plans, save money and forge 'relationships' to ensure your retirement is a comfortable one. Whilst at the same time, ensuring the emergency calls are answered, the mayor (and others) are appeased and none of your staff spill the beans on some of your extra-legal activities.What a great idea, very rarely do you see a game that throws you into this moral quandry like this - being a straight cop is an almost impossible goal if you wish to retain your job or even your life, so how corrupt are you willing to go?I really enjoyed the first half of this game, the story is full of twists, turns, sleaze, surprises, dark humour and would almost make for a great book. Not to mention, Duke Nukem voices the main character!BUT, the second half of the game was a real slog. The mechanics of the day to day running of the police department get quite old and you can long periods of time between story events that make the game feel it outstays it's welcome. The game is also very, VERY hard. Having to start again often quite late in the game is rather frustrating.The ending of the game also left me feeling quite disappointed, to have come so far and done so much to alter the powerscape in the fictional city the game is set in, I found the ending a great let down.I appreciate life is rarely fair, which is perhaps what the game is trying to convey, but this is a game after all and doesn't need to end on quite such a crushingly bleak note - regardless of how well you do in the game. Could Jack have fun for mayor himself maybe?!And looking back, having gone through 180 (ish) days of the same game mechanic, it just felt like the journey wasn't worth it to reach the ultimate destination.A great idea for a game with a strong start, but I feel it doesn't maintain that narrative strength that drew me to the game in the first place.That being said, to whomever wrote all those 911 calls for the game, they were ace! What imagination!I don't regret playing it for the great moments that stand out, but I won't be playing this again - I can't help but feel it was a story that could have been told much more succinctly and with a much more satisfying concluding chapter.If you still want to investigate this interesting story & great voice acting, check out the cutscenes on Youtube.Good job developer, almost made a classic, but fell down at the last hurdle - repetitive & dull mechanics, punishing difficulty and an unsatisfying ending in spite of it's many good virtues."
76561198132899779,Recommended,443810,24978832,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,CannibalTriangle,"Even though I only heard of this game because there was a story on The Know about how the forget to publish it, it rocks. Highly recommend."
76561198014166179,Recommended,443810,25092169,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Buffinator,"This is the police is part management sim part (fully voiced) visual novel and it does a pretty good job at both. There are some annoying design choices but I thoroughly enjoyed my play-through. While there is some choice at the game progresses, not all of the choices will keep you out of the crosshairs of powerful enemies and allow you to progress to the end of the game (a frustration with my first playthrough). The situations called to respond to in the game often seem eerily similar to some recent real-life events that might of benefitted from some additional fleshing out. When the game tries to be humorous it tends to fall flat.That said if you can handle the slow pacing and limited paths to success, this game is a solid buy-contrary to some reviews this game is not procedurally generated!Everything is linear with the same assignments appearing at the same time and only a few branching choices here and therePart of the premise of the game is that the protagonist Jack Boyd (Cheif of Police) is being forcibly resigned in 180 days, and thus has that much time to get his affairs in order. In those 180 days you will hire and fire offices, invest in their training and morale. You will work with detectives to piece together how crimes went down and pick gang officers off of pinboards to work your way to the head of the snake. You will be asked to suppress protesters by the administration and to send officers to do tasks that were 100% not in the job description (but who doesn't like kickbacks).You will line your pockets colluding with the mafia... or take them down... or get taken down.And every goddamn morning your will start the ignition on your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ car, select an appropriately gritty 80's noir album (painfully slowly animated) and you will settle in for a day of being police cheif. That last part annoyed me to death at first, but after a while I settled into a rhythm and decided it was a part of the theme.Overall the game was pretty great. It was relaxing, intriguing, well paced (if slow), Once I found my rhythm I enjoyed the game not in the anxious way of many games, but I was just legitimately enjoying every moment of it -even the goddamn ignition cutscene. That goddamn faulty spark plug has more emotional depth than Kristen Stewart.While I recommend the game I am forgiving a fair number of design choices/flaws (some aforementioned) that might ruin the experience. I did have a bug where I had to reinstall the game because steam stopped recognizing it, but the game itself was pretty much bug free."
76561198319274689,Recommended,443810,25198524,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,extremelymemely,"This is the police is a story driven cheif of police sim. It has great story. I picked it up today and played it for 8hrs straight... its that good. I love the art style and the music. My only gripes are: the game becomes pretty easy after a while, and I wish there were even more situational options. This is a fresh and unique game that I would recommend for everyone. 10/10"
76561197972217378,Recommended,443810,25226837,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,acolyte04,"The first few hours of this game are a plus. Much of this time is taken up by dealing with the various nuances that the title throws up; managing your staff, hiring mafia to help kill those of them that are just a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥  But as you get deeper into the game, the plot line and the gameplay start to wear thin...very thin. In the end, your staff seem to constantly die from ""unexplained"" car accidents and the time taken to travel to the scene of crimes is artifically slowed down to a crawl (so that you end up with too few staff to answer all calls).That being said, it is worth a punt at the price. Any more and it would be more of a rip-off than No Man's Lie. Just don't expect a Deus Ex (original) grabbing plot."
,Not Recommended,443810,29427908,Posted: 22 January,all,kmcclry,"I can't recommend the game. I'll start with that right up front.I purchased this game on the ""very positive reviews"" and the description of the game. Not sure how this has gotten so many of those positive reviews, people must be insanely more patient than I.I have 50ish minutes in the game and already I doubt I'll come back to it. The pacing (read: narration) is so slow that it makes it impossible to enjoy the game. The story seems like it would be interesting, but it plods along at a snails pace. I've already started to despise with cutscenes come up because I know I'll be sitting there for 10minutes and hardly get anything from it. When I (a slow to average speed reader) can read the entirity of the text on the screen while the narrator hardly finishes a quarter of the text, its gonna be a bad time. It just feels like the game is wasting my time by needlessly slowing everything to a crawl. For more perspective, the game takes place over 180 in game days. Over the course of the 50minutes I've played (read: sat through cutscenes for the most part) I've gotten to Day 3!!! That doesn't hook me at all.When it actually gets to the ""game"" part, its not the most compelling in itself. I'm sure the difficulty goes up the longer you play, but with how easy and short the sections are to begin with it makes my complaints about the slow story even worse. The parts of the game that actually engange me are so short that it doesn't make me want to keep going through the ponderous story. I started this off with the hope that the gameplay gets harder/better, but after reading some other reviews on here it sounds like that's all she wrote. If that really is the case I don't know what could possibly give me enough intrest to keep going.I think the last piece of all of this is that really prevents me from continuing to play is that all the narration and exposition is about a man who has a life more dull than mine. Who wrote this story and said to themselves ""yeah, they'll all keep playing after spending hours listening to a story about a dull man in a dull world""? There is quite literally no hook to the beginning of this game. Vaguely referenced corruption within the governement? Why don't you give me an example of it? Something intriguing that I can hold out for; something I can say ""I want to get to the bottom of that"" to.Like I said at the beginning, maybe people are way more patient than I am. If you're anything like me though, don't bother purchasing this."
76561198165638467,Recommended,443810,31017887,Posted: 8 April,all,halthiaron,This game doesn't get enough credit. It is fantastic.
76561197964242602,Recommended,443810,31230459,Posted: 18 April,all,General Moon Moon,"After reading the reviews I really wanted to get this game and I have not been disappointed.Pros:-Good storyline with opportunities to change the direction. The story doesn't get boring-Good game mechanics-Rich variety of options and interactions within the game-Good difficulty-Good game timeCons:-Sometimes the days get repetitive-In the end there's not much music to choose fromAll in all a definite buy recommendation for people who like strategy games, a certain amount of storyline and cartoony games."
76561198104032066,Recommended,443810,34070346,Posted: 6 August,all,emilioPotato5,"Great game, very addictive. Its a lot of fun"
76561198153108633,Recommended,443810,34300360,Posted: 16 August,all,Greyscale,"I didn't really enjoy it, but there's a lot going on and other people will probably like it more."
,Recommended,443810,25500966,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Kimchi,woo the music is killing me. so jazzy so classy such nice. perfect vibe.
,Recommended,443810,25462715,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,ramyland_maelstrom,This Is the PoliceHighly recommended - one of the best games who came out in 2016 - a must buy - real time strategy / management blended with excellent narrative and retro-jazz soudtrack - it has a highly polished feel / look / gameplay ( made it to 90 days - 300.000 dollars ) !
,Recommended,443810,25417197,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Spooky Joãozinho Dentinho 4K HD,"Its great, everything from the art style to the way the mechanics of the game ♥♥♥♥ you up when you put your entire task force on a false alarm is great. It might get a bit repetitive over time but the fact that you can re-write the whole story with 1 decision is great (even though its a common feature)"
,Recommended,443810,29513943,Posted: 26 January,all,hexxagonal,Excellent game. Only downside so far is that I haven't found a way to auto pick a track before each day instead of manually doing it.
,Recommended,443810,27117909,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rudymeow,"Nominated for The ""Worst stomach ache ever"" award, 20161M/0.5M Would stomach ache again"
,Recommended,443810,29631315,Posted: 1 February,all,<kostolyano>,good game for rest
76561198007232061,Recommended,443810,25738153,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Pacs,"its one of those games where one wants just one more turn.Its easy simple, not much to think about, yet also hard to progress without getting fired.I do recommend the game.I like the story line too and simple graphics.Would i buy it again, yes."
,Not Recommended,443810,29495461,Posted: 25 January,all,Gargoranss,"Gameplay is repetitive and rather none existent. On some level im cool with that because I knew it going in but, some of the aspects they added to the game are just silly. Why would I pay money for a different background music? Not too mention the seemingly random events that occur if you don't go down certain paths can be frusterating. Finally, although I understand it's suppose to be a ""period"" game therefore racism and the like is present, the devs seem to love the very concept as they hit you right out of the gate with it and you have no real option to be the ""good cop"" The illusion of choice is really just you deciding to make the game shorter cause the mob is going to kill you. Hopefully there will be improvments.4/10"
,Recommended,443810,35045653,Posted: 18 September,all,Black Jesus,"It's a good game only because I liked the story. But it gives you the pretence that you are in control of the story.All possible routes in this game leads down the same path.Everytime it tries to lead away from something, it just comes back.An example will be like playing Fallout and pursuing different routes, but they all come back to the same conclusion.Is it worth the money? Well I guess if you like point and click games, sure.but it's nothing more than that.Some interesting aspects are the in game mini game, but it was so poorly executed. There are 2 in-game mini games that happens without giving you any hints. So you either get i or you don't.And the ""skip scene"" option that they provided so that you can fast forward dialogues also fast forwards all the frames, what that means is, pressing once will skip 4-5 frames. meaning you'll miss certain aspect of the story.Last point I have about the game is that when bad things happens to your officers, sometimes you don't know why. and so you will keep sending out your officers to respond to calls and then they just die while on the way there. no reasons, no idea why and what that means, is that you cannot rectify the problem.It happened to me in the last 2-3 weeks in-game. and i had at least 15-20 officers die on me... And i can't rectify the problem or don't know why... And all the replacement cops are too lousy, so when they respond to bigger cases, they get shot...I am giving it a Thumbs up despite my mostly negative review, and it is only because i like the story and story telling methods. What I just don't like is the conclusion and majority of the game play."
76561197990048086,Recommended,443810,24900265,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,.     .,"A rich businessman offered to fund me 3 more officers, but I have to take in his incompetent son and cannot fire him under any circumstances.I want to get his son killed, so I can hire a proper officer.Sent his stupid son alone to a bomb threat in the ghetto. He asked for backup after arrived to the scene, and I refused. Bomb exploded, civilian died, suspect escaped, and he survived.He took the remaining explosive back to me, and I asked the mafia to sell the explosive for me.Same day, an armed robbery at the pawn stop. I sent him off on his own again. He took out the armed robber by himself, with the lowest competency rating possible.11/10 would try to get him killed again."
,Not Recommended,443810,34056522,Posted: 6 August,all,Gaioa,"Great gameplay. Best police simulator I've ever seen.Love the artstyle.Groovin music.Interesting setting......but THE STORY!! WHAT THE BLEEP??* I take down the big mafia who has terrorized the city for generations. I get paid and the mission is complete. And then... nothing. Absolutely noithing. Nothing saying that I saved the city. Nothing giving me any hero status. Not anything opposite either, no-one comes for vengence. The only noticable effect is that I can no longer ask the mafia to perform any services.* I get these missions such as ""fire all black police officers due to white power pressure"" or ""supress the feminist protestors with force"". I want to play the good guy and refuse, ready to take the consequences. But there are NONE! The only consequence is an angry phone call which I click away in seconds. No other action at all! If you're lucky, maybe City Hall will cut funding for one police officer. If you're really lucky.* Speaking of which, later in the game, a character laments the city and the fact that it ""attacks unarmed feminists with brute force"". THAT DID NOT HAPPEN! I didn't do that, and yet the game assumes that I indeed blindely followed the story. It expected me to give in to the pressure (what pressure?) and do it.* The personal storyline just don't make sense. Why doesn't Jack react when I gathered his half-million? Who knocked me down? Why don't I get to investigate who knocked me down? What point exactly does the mayor's-r*pe-victim-turned-lawyer-character play in the story? And what about the joint that is presented in the intro? Where does that come in? The entire story is just a bunch of loose ends thrown at you, and every time you HOPE that it will be something good and intruiging, but no. Not even his style-changes affect gameplay or storyline the slightest.* Illusion of free choice is EVERYWHERE! I've played the game twice and actively made differing choices. NOTHING! When you're supposed to pledge alligance to one of two gangs, I chose one and then aided the other. NOTHING! Even the first major choice has NO EFFECT AT ALL! You only choose if he's going to live or die, you get into the mafia either way.So well, it could have been perfect, but the writer(s) tried WAAAY too hard to make a sad and dark story. They wanted to be like the cool kids on the block - Stieg Larsson, Suzanne Collins and whonot - but became a laughing stock instead. The game also tries to be story-driven, and therefore the whole ship sinks.BOTTOM LINE: Great game, but it is dragged down by its tryharded story. Since it is largely story-driven, it makes everything else fall too."
,Recommended,443810,24771645,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Doni,"Очень интересная игра, очень жду 2 часть. Всем советую!"
,Not Recommended,443810,33612478,Posted: 17 July,all,Tom,"I refunded this game after a touch over 2 hours playtime. The reasoning is simple, the story seemed pretty alright but even after just over 2 hours of play it was very repetitive and I was getting really bored with it already, combine that with the fact that as everybody says you need to play a certain way not to get rekt ez in the first two weeks of the game, yeah, refund was the best way to go here. Don't recommend."
,Recommended,443810,31025455,Posted: 8 April,all,man with banana,"I like this game so much !!!!!Beautiful arts, animation, style, voice acting, plot, everything is perfectly made !!!!This game is really unique 10/10"
,Recommended,443810,24773755,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Hochmeister Judas Der Rot,"This is the Police was a compelling visual novel following the last 180 days of Jack Boyd's career.Having completed the game, I was thoroughly impressed with the overall story-arch and character development. I can say that I really felt like I was Jack Boyd. There was constantly the gripping fear that I might not make it through the full 180 days. And if I did, would I have everything I needed?The part I liked was that, while some of the choices didn't carry a lot of weight, they still very much influenced certain outcomes. Early in the game, Jack is confront with a choice. He can either crack down on a peaceful protest and face an inquiry, or he can ignore the Mayor's illegal request and potentially have his budget slashed. Neither outcome is good for the player, and this sets the tone for much of the game. The whole game is set with tough decisions that will affect how you're able to play the game.Unfortunately, some reviewers were too ignorant to notice these choices, and instead made their reviews about how the game failed to tackle American social issues and forced them to do brutal acts against their own people or face the consequences. Thing is, I refused the Mayor on several occassions and the game reflected that in Jack's popularity. You don't have to fire all the black people. You don't have to forcibly remove feminist protestors. Yeah, you'll be punished for it, but you can still maintain your dignity, and you won't face a judicial inquiry for your actions. Something that the reviewer at Kill Screen failed to realize when he tried to shame the Belorussian Developers for not tackling American issues in a fictional city."
76561198037827082,Recommended,443810,31031152,Posted: 8 April,all,GrifReaper487,"Spoiler Free Review ( In case anyone was worried. )Overall I really enjoyed this game. The dialogue is great as is the character development ( with some exceptions I'll get to later) and the voice acting is pretty solid. The soundtrack is also a huge plus and the whole noir atmosphere is great. Your character is well put together and relatable, he isn't perfect but at the end of the day he's just trying to do right by everyone even if he can't always manage it. The positions you are put into seem entirely plausible and really draw you into the story. There are some issues I do have with this game though. Such as the detectives finding the right frames for you to put together. This is entirely dumb luck whether or not they find the right ones quickly or take the most time possible and to my knowledge they can only find three per day so this gets particularly frustrating with the larger cases.On to my biggest issue though. As I said the character development is generally great especially with Jack Boyd as you really start to feel for him and his struggles. The flaws come in as the game is coming to a close. Two fairly important characters who we had seen a decent amount of during the game suddenly drop off and there's no real resolution with them. They simply disappear and that's that. It left the ending feeling a little empty like it could have some more to it. The ending as well to be quite honest is nothing special. As you play through the game you can probably gather that Boyd is in a bad situation and he doesn't have a lot of options but this ending felt very limited. Once again however this game was incredibly enjoyable and the story really drew me in immediately as I had to know more about this universe and I do recommend this game for anyone who enjoys story driven games, but I would also recommend you grab it during a sale.Thanks for reading and I hope my review helps!"
76561198034257390,Not Recommended,443810,33126263,Posted: 2 July,all,Odditeas,"I bought this during the Steam summer sale, played it for an hour, and returned it. I never return games. This was the first. Here's why:- The events feel random and punishing. Too often, you send your mediocre police to investigate something simple, and the perp gets away, which decreases the effectiveness of your police. Hell, even sending one with a really high level of professionalism didn't seem to really have any affect in a win/loss ratio for a mission. The perp got away. The perp got away again. And again. Oh, this time he got away, and my cops were shot dead. Great.- The voice acting is really lacking. I can tell that the game wants me to feel something about the character I'm playing by going on about his personal and professional life details, and how he's in a mess; but the delivery is entirely lacking in depth and emotion, that I simply don't care. Can I just tell cops to do things?- The interface. As a whole, I actually like the interface, but there are a few elements that just don't fit well and are lacking in design choice. In every game I've played, it seems like a standard that the OK (YES) prompt is on the right in cooler colored text, while the Negative (CANCEL/NO) option is on the left and in a bright color to draw your eye. Usually red. This game does the opposite. Your yes prompts are on the left in red.This doesn't seem like a big deal until you find yourself always leaning your cursor to the right, cooler, blue NO and stopping yourself each time.Also, before the mission screen, you can pick noir-like music to play for the day. While cute, the sound balance is lacking. Any voice overs were completely drowned out, and the music was lively enough that I couldn't focus on what I was reading whenever I received a call at the station about something suspicious that required me to send police to investigate. There was likely a music volume option that I missed, but that doesn't excuse the music they offer you, which is very upbeat and quick, rather than moody, slow, and subtley in the background so the player is drawn into the game, rather than taken out.For these reasons, I simply can't recommend this game, and that sucks. I really wanted this game to be awesome."
,Recommended,443810,24748342,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Sleazy P. Martini,"Amazing story-driven game with a very unique and cool narrative. Backed up by solid management mechanics, you're a police chief trying to make $500,000 in 180 days. The decisions you make range from certain situations requiring your call (hostage situations, burglaries) to make sure citizens and your own officers make it out safe and alive, to making choices like siding with the mafia to save a friend and earn more money. You have to balance your relationship with the city hall and the mayor, with your own officers, and with the citizens of the city. Makes you question your own morality at times. All I can say is, if you're a fan of story-driven games or a fan of management games, or both, DEFINITELY pick this game up."
76561197975674876,Not Recommended,443810,25407490,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,GG Medijokur,"Great promise, but quickly becomes dull. As the gameplay itself is sending out cops to do various tasks (could basically be a browser-game), and the campaign is 180 days, I found myself bored to death after a month or so. Sure, some mafia war appears with different tasks to send cops out to, and sure you slowly build up on your illegal retirement fund, but there just is not enough to keep me interested. A pity, as I really like the idea of a police chief-game."
,Not Recommended,443810,26665705,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Tvyn,"Can't recommend.This game is disappointing because I might've enjoyed a slightly different game.  It was definitely a little fun at first: figuring out the game mechanics, managing the police department, and making decisions about where to spend resources.  The game also had a storyline that started out interesting but didn't really develop into anything interesting or well-explained.The gameplay mechanics are decent but quite slow at times and there's no way to accelerate game time.  As a result, I spent quite a bit of the game just sitting and waiting for police cars to get from point A to point B (but not enough that I wanted to put the game down for that reason alone).  This was especially true towards the very end of the game, which felt artifically slow since no new plot lines were developing.  As I approached the end of the game, I had some guesses about what sort of ending might appear based upon my slightly-corrupt-yet-not-murderous time as a police chief.The tutorial-style hints give you some sense that you have a choice in the flow of the story and that how you play could affect the outcome, but this isn't true at all.  There are two victorious endings and the ending you receive is entirely determined by which of two buttons you press close to the end of the game; none of your other decisions matter.  These endings are unsatisfying in that many aspects of the story are left unexplained.  To be clear: I'm not complaining about the content of the ending but rather the *lack* of it.From a social perspective, the game content is concerning at best.  I understand that this is supposed to be a gritty, noir police drama.  The game's antagonistic characters are bigoted and corrupt and the storyline condemns this in a sort of fatalistic way.  But the game content in between -- the investigations and police calls to which your staff responds -- tell a different story.  The content of the cutscenes suggest that the story takes place in the mid 1980s, which *might* explain the plethora of racism and homophobia exhibited by gangs and regular citizens alike.  But a few things caught my attention as I played.(These are behind spoiler tags both because they're slightly spoily and also because they may aggravate trauma; take care.)* Every gay character was male.* Most false alarms were reported by elderly people.* A suspicious person report outside of a school was emphasized as a false alarm because the driver of the van was a woman.* Somewhere between one third and one half of the sexual assault allegations I handled were false (as opposed to the2-10% estimated by most studies).* The game actively condemns a character for committing acts of sexual violence but seems strangely silent on the character who murders the victims of that violence for political gain.In a decision I will ascribe to theSunk Cost Fallacy, I powered through to the ending.  I had expected to replay the game for the ending I'd receive as a completely clean police chief, but (1) no such ending exists, (2) I'd have to play through a game that got pretty slow and dull by the end the first time, and (3) I'd have to play through all of those uncomfortable social issues again (which is much easier for me, a white male, than for most people).In summary, the game could've been interesting but sells itself as something it's not.  The description on the store page seems to suggest a dynamic game with a deep and varied story that responds to the decisions you make.  In reality, the game is perfectly linear, the story is tropey and disappointing, and nothing you do has an impact at the end."
,Not Recommended,443810,24813089,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,slimchap,"I genuinely thought as I progressed through This Is the Police that I was enjoying a treat of a game, real care and love put into creating this atmospheric cop story. But when I finished, I was left disappointed for so many reasons, still having enjoyed large parts of the journey but overall annoyed at many many different aspects.The music is wonderful, its a brilliant collection of tracks to generate the perfect tone for this grizzled police chief presiding over a monster of a city slowly tearing itself apart, battling his own inner demons and the very real ones he has to contend with daily. However, after hearing a few recognisable tracks I happily tapped along to I was disappointed to see in the credits that these wern't in fact credited to their original sources but rather the game's composer Ben Matthews.For those interested, 'Stella's Smile' = Sakamichi no Apollon's track Moanin', different in places, but close enough I have to wonder about inspiration crossing over into copyright.It is exactly the same for the track in the game 'White Russian' = Cowboy Bebop's Rush. It could be the composer is just a big fan of Yoko Kanno, but his website makes no mention of her.The story is well done, but unfortunately peters out to a whimper at its end. The ending isn't a cliffdrop of a letdown, merely tired yawn that gives the impression the writer(s) wern't sure exactly how to tie everything up properly. It isn't left open for a sequel, this isn't that kind of story- its the police chief's last stand; it just fails to properly deliver the result promised by all of the various subplots Jack Boyd has with the game's various players, characters which are well written and delivered by brilliant voice acting that is on point.The writing also suffers in the gameplay. At first everything is varied and interesting, a few laughs from the kind of callouts you get and some that make you wonder how low the city you're in will sink. Late in the game however it is abundantly clear that the writers didn't know what else to put in. The city major bank is stormed by armed thugs routinely about every few days it feels like, and it isn't the only instance where you're wondering why they've not spiced things up more.Unfortunately as a result of the late game poor writing and gameplay construction the immersion is shattered. Until the final stretch I still was hooked that I was Jack Boyd struggling to hold things together but succeeding. Not recognising how to properly implement difficulty in their game however the developers decided to just throw lethal situations at you at every turn. 4 riots in an afternoon all with fatalities if you don't respond, which you can't.A young man serenading his beloved woke up the whole building to mixed reactions; those endeared by his actions soon started fighting those angered, and again with no response there are deaths....over a man making a bit of noise outside.The immersion is killed because humans in Freeburg will kill each other over a bad haircut, over a lack of service; literally over anything they'll pull a gun and start firing off shots into anyone or anything, leaving you to hope you have enough police that day to taser them all and pray your officers survive the mad ordeals. The psychos are fine storywise, but when almost every citizen is jumping straight to murder it is extremely hard to buy into the world created anymore.The gameplay also suffers from lasting far too long. The game is front loaded, and won't suit everyone once that initial stint fades. I enjoyed things enough to pursue it further and didn't mind for a good long while, yet even with the plotline helping to smooth out the long haul in places it is still too long, which as mentioned before gives rise to problems with extended period of difficulty and its writing. The game could have done with a shorter normal mode with possibly an option for a longer mode if the developers had their heart set on it.There are plenty of other smaller points to make, detectives going from being worthless and unused to being your most important tools and right back again at the drop of a hat, the need for a mechanic to get callouts to divert on their way home to a nearby situation; but I'd rather not flesh out every problem.It is an aestheticly great game, voices and music are great for the setting. Unfortunately some of the directing choices of the length, writing and some gameplay elements means it is a slog by the end, one which may make you feel similarly deflated by it's completion."
76561198112553759,Not Recommended,443810,32963446,Posted: 28 June,all,Nato Havoc,"Wow.I played this game completely through. I loved the great story. The gameplay was repetitive but I still managed to enjoy it. Making up little drama and trying to create stories about my officers as they did their jobs. I greatly enjoyed the game... until the ending. I'm not going to spoil what it was, but it was a massive letdown. The game has 11 hours of plot development that seems like it's going to be great, but completely scraps everything in the last hour, disbands all of the connections and characters from the beginning, and ruins the narrative by adding a terrible disappointing ending. It has ""two"" technical endings, but both end the same, boring way. I really did love the direction this game was going in the beginning, the story had me gripped and I was getting through each day just to see a small cutscene and see what would happen in Jack Boyd's life. The ending ruined all of my sentinements towards the game. I almost feel bad leaving a review like this because the characters (for the time the devs decided to do something with them) were attachable and you could feel for them. This game had so much more potential in the ending as well, that it could have gone anywhere, instead of the ending it had.Overall, the soundtrack was 10/10 (even though it got repetitive once you went through them all a million times), the style and art, 10/10, the story was 9/10 (Until the ending, then 3/10)8/15."
76561197963714868,Recommended,443810,28653183,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,"Shiftless, two bit, jungle bum!",do you like the board game guess who and also pretending you're an embittered old man cop?  This is the game for you.
,Recommended,443810,24689430,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,AzJusticiar,"Holy crap where do i begin.At first i thought the same gameplay would get boring quickly, but this game always has never failed to surprise me. More and more things keep happening. First its a gang war, then its a corruption scandal, then its a serial killer blah blah blah.Not to mention each crime and detective case is very well written and very well set up. If you are a fan of criminal dramas on TV then you will love this game. It's like an interactive one that lasts for 10 seasons."
,Recommended,443810,24683185,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,gothamist,"~ Great Story~ Fantastic art style~ Fantastic soundtrack~ Requires actual strategy~ Can run on my potato~ Reasonable price~ Actually kinda longOnly downside is there's no auto play for music.This game is not for everyone but for people who are into this style of games, you're gonna love it.10/10"
,Recommended,443810,24684757,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Smoker,Frickin awesome. Can these guys make the next King of Dragon Pass game pls
76561198119667652,Recommended,443810,24687723,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,hwilliams55,"Played the game from half five last night, and only got to night 16... but so far it's such an amazing amazing game with a great story line."
76561198026407345,Recommended,443810,24689443,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,slimjim111,"I was a huge fan of Police Quest when I was young. I never came across a good police simulator with a proper storyline since the series. 'This Is The Police' finally made it happen. Very well written, great graphics, great gameplay. Soundtrack is awesome as well.I cannot recommend this enough! :)"
76561198070557509,Recommended,443810,26410749,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,MIND_CONTROL,"This is a good and worth playing game. In terms of you get to manage your own squad, and the squad will ask for your opinion in case they face difficulty. Every decision you make will decide the fate of your squad as each a wrong decision will let your squad get killed. The game has also tons of case to solve where you need to put each clues you found in sequence. Conclusion is this game is definitely worth the money. For those like to solve crime, this is the game that you must try! So get it while you can!"
76561198052880366,Not Recommended,443810,31675617,Posted: 10 May,all,Snowfox,"I finished the game and what should i say if someone ask me if I can recommend the game or would play it again. I would answer for both ""No""The big issue of the game is the gameplay itself, it is so listless speical the 2. Act or middle part where not much is happening for days. Your only task in the game is sitting there looking at the same board and send you officers to places thats all and this you doing every day the same way with only small difference what should make it harder but don`t matter most of the time. The bigges problem I have with this is the wasted waiting time you just staring most of the time just on the board and wait that the clock shows 2am in the morning and finish your working day and wait for the next day of the stupid excuses from you offices that there want a day off to read a book finish. Serioulsy everytime I read that stupid excuses I wanted to slap them.The story overall is like a good detective/crime story is really interresting for the most part and was the only thing keep me going to finished the game.  But know I´m not sure if spending more then 20 hours on the game was worth it.If you like the music is very much depend on your taste if you like Jazz or old classic you will like the music in the game.At last if you like detective story maybe better go and buy a book listen some of relaxing music sit down and read and your time is maybe better spend as playing this game."
,Not Recommended,443810,26715202,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,onetime.promotion,"*spoilers alert*Old school whiskey sipping, cigar smoking police story. With light weight police department management in between the story telling.Cut scenes are made with tender and care. Voice acting greatly intensivy the allready great style of the story telling parts.Overall graphic desing is solid, only part where I would liked to made changes is the management map. Grey scenery would have been more interesting withhealthy dose of details. Now the map starts to get a bit boring towards the end, no matter that it has some nice seasonal effects.I personally like the smooth selection of soundtracks for the first half of the game. in the second half of the game soundtrack changes towards morehectic assortment of tracks. Also I really would have appreciated auto play feature instead of the constant album changing roulette.Nice bonus would also have been use of custom music tracks outside of the game.First half of the game is kind of freewheeling, you can nicely keep up with the pace the game is moving and there should not be too much of a troublesmanagin your police department. When the game starts to get closer to the end it feels like it getting a bit tedious to keep the police departmentcircus turning decently and keeping all the whiners happy. Especially when the city hall cutting your budget all the time.There should also be more randomness in the game. What I have noticed that loading save state always results same ammount  of police not coming to workor being drunk. This is just bad game desing. Also the missions in the second half seem to be quite heavily police experience depent, because oh lordif you send too little experience to the mission youäll end up more than one dead police officer in your hand. Which leads more problems the next day.Same time you should try to keep detectives on your payroll or it will end up some kind of stupid investigation ""Why ain't there enough detectives?"".It's kind of hard to keep people on the payroll when budget is cutted all the time in the end half of the game. Also what really felt rather weirdwas that I end up paying the penalty from my personal bank account... w000t, who's so stupid that keeps his/her dirty money on the bank account, plushow on earth can some investigation group get their hands to your bank account? :D There should be some level of realism in this kind of game.Summary, Story is great, first half is entertaining, second half is kind of stupid because you have to do everything correctly or you end up zero policeon the shift list and get the-end screen. The end is too much grinding to make a perfect day, I just want to see how the story ends so I'll just watch some youtube walktrough.Couple of things that should be corrected, but still a decently entertaining game 70/100"
,Not Recommended,443810,30270382,Posted: 1 March,all,my_names_nate,"Extreamly simple game with just enough story to keep you playing. Basically you're the Freeburg Police Chief who is nearing retirment in 180 days, but doesn't have enought to live the life he wants after leaving the job. You solve this early on by either choosing to be bought out by the mafia or staying a straight cop. From there on you control the police depatment's daily operations. You will have to make decisions such as how many officers to send on every 911 call, and piece together your detictives final investigations through a fairly straightforward puzzle. Sounds fun at first, but get VERY repetitive after only playing for a short amount of time. Your decisions also don't seem to affect the final outcome from most emergency calls. Usually it doesn't matter if you send two cruddy officers, or three outstanding ones. Either way somehow the suspect will get away and a civillian will be killed after responding to something crazy like a clown being to loud blowing balloons in the park.I'd recommend only getting this game if it's on sale! I think it's a good match for anyone looking to play something simple for maybe a half hour at a time."
,Recommended,443810,26436393,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Weird Bread Kid,"♥♥♥♥♥man. that game was great.For me, it was so satisfying to finish an investigation, and taking down a crime organization.This game was great but except for one thing that possibly ruined a lot of the game for me.I wouldn't read this if you're going to play the game but you can.The ending. Oh my god the ending just completely kicks you in the balls. After 21 hours of one playthrough, I got kicked in the♥♥♥♥♥♥to hard for that.<<<<<<<<<<read at your own risk"
,Recommended,443810,24696909,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Jozyjo97,"Great game. Really makes you think about the decisions you make and how it will impact your officers. Only on day 40 but enjoying it alot!  Recommend it highly!Not for anyone who is overly Politically Correct etc. This is real world talk and situations. Not tons of blood and gore but things aren't going to be censored for people and calls and choices you have to make are things that probably, if not certainly, happen out there. If you expect a game that has rose colored glasses sheilding you from some of those things, you won't find it here. Race, Gender, Sexual Preferernce and Money are all choices you will have to cope with and if you decide to take the moral high ground or become a crooked cop..."
76561198088477302,Recommended,443810,24683838,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,This be ken,"Love the game so far and i always am finding myself, stopping my self from using violence to calm protests and refusing the racists demands, 10/10 would slap a racist in the♥♥♥♥♥♥again"
76561197971887144,Not Recommended,443810,25046085,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,hi im bob,"In my opinion, give this game a miss. Here's why:It's good at the start, a tricky balance of 'getting the job done' with the available resources, and a few interesting choices to make. But by Day 15 (in the game) it begins to become just a boring resource management game. And the incentive to see things through, the task of trying to raise $500k for yourself, isn't appealing enough.The major crime investigations are a good idea, but poorly implemented. You solve the crimes by completing photo-board sequences, but they should've allow you to gather more clues not just more photos. AND it's also stupid that when you go to catch the criminal you basically NEED the lead investigator. Like, really? I sent my best cops and they couldn't catch a 15 year old kid who killed his mother. Pretty dumb system. Pulled me right out of the role playing element of the game.I quit the game at day 27 because it was just more of the same, over and over. Zzzzzzz....."
76561198039492583,Recommended,443810,24734994,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,paladinscorpio,"Saw the trailer, saw the walkthrough on YoutubeEventually, brought the game for HKD 80Review for the Game:Pro:A very good storyline, being a police chief is hardIts a Management + Politics + Detective GameLike the game environment, its like watching and playing a detective movieHKD 80..come on...USD 10? Its a worthwhile risk to take. Come on.Con:More Scenarios I guess?Good for: People who want to play a game with a story in it, its like watching a movie.Bad for: If you are a quick gameplayer, not good for you as its like watching a movie and playing a game together, slowly pace. You will need sometime to digest things. Plus politics is always not haste makersImprovement suggestions: Are there anyway to insert own songtracks in the play song section? Thanks.Rating: 9/10"
76561198028612224,Not Recommended,443810,31112283,Posted: 13 April,all,ito,"Well, I know I only have 90 minutes of gameplay, but I actually asked for a refund on this game.The game plays itself, the first 30 minutes it's just you watching cutscenes and reading stuff. Then the game starts to ask you to make decisions based on pure randomness and luck.The management aspect is so simple it shouldn't be called management in the first place. It's so straight forward it makes it feels like you are taking orders from the game, not make decisions for it.There are no mechanics in the game, a random event pops up, you choose how many cops will be there based on one or two variables, and still so there's a lot of luck involved.Definitely overpriced and very boring IMO."
76561198199081675,Recommended,443810,26496957,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,{KAP}Carl the Retarded Duck,"One of the best games I've ever played.It's intreging,diffrent,and has a unique art style!Also,the music.....all the soundtracks....ARE GREAT!Overall,15/10!"
,Recommended,443810,34086133,Posted: 7 August,all,Sad boY :c,i'm 60-year old police chief a few months away from retirement . I dont need anyone telling me how to do my job.
,Recommended,443810,24679025,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,OatMeteor,"This game is so damn good it's very in every aspect.In order to love this game, you must know that IT IS MANAGEMENT GAME.you will have to balance everything, make a good choice, use the right persons, prioritize the right jobs and more.If you are this type of person, this is the game for you.Pros+ Visually impressed+ Great voice and nice taste of classical,jazzy music.+ The finework story and fine way to tell them*edit* when i play more of this game, the story just got alot more complicated and amazing.+ This game just cool for a cool guys like all of you!Cons- Sometimes i just want a fast forward button to skip the slow gameplay- wish there's a auto play (hate to pick music manually)Lastly, This game is so fun that i miss the refund."
,Recommended,443810,24677287,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,scottbrook734,"Amazing game played it as soon as it came out, would reccomend to any managment and stratagy loving gamer(s)."
76561198033885684,Not Recommended,443810,31719804,Posted: 13 May,all,BXX. BackPain,Too repetitive after like 2-3 hours
76561198063382893,Not Recommended,443810,24730497,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,octopus,"You have no real choise of being a good cop at this game, 'cause game will end very soon (after 2 hours, approximately) in this case. And it's not because of me being a bad gamer, but only because of my sincere choice to be a good man. If only I'd have a very difficult gameplay with the way I play. But I have no choice at all."
76561198055863344,Recommended,443810,26346663,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,LionZ,"Fantastic police simulation and it pretty much relates to any police work in the world. I mean, don't get me wrong, I'm not happy to say it, not glad about the fact. It's just how it is. It's how people are. It's the reality of the job...- and I started sounding like the police chief.Really immersive gameplay, replayable. I love the choices, and outcomes. Fenomenal music. Nothing really as a con. There can be more explanations here and there for certain actions, and a wider communication possibility with your cops; but that's just something to look forward to.Awesome game 10/10. You'll understand policing better after this trust me."
76561198007706128,Not Recommended,443810,26152207,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,gisarme,"Fun for a little while, but got real repetitive and just kept dragging on forever."
,Not Recommended,443810,24735965,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,The Mother Fucking Major F R E T,"A visual novel that is held back by a management game that has zero depth. The story is somewhat interesting, but considering at least 75% of the gameplay is the management segment, I'm finding it hard to find the will to continue.Every incident you can respond with a certain amount of officers. These officers only have one attribute which once over 150 means they are pretty much good to go (the lowest most start at is 90-100, and you gain +10 every successful incident). There is no consequence for killing criminals. You don't have to investigate any shootings your officers do.Hell, when I lost five officers in one incident, the only penalty I suffered was being forced to fire one officer by city hall cutting my budget. The officer's themselves on that shift were completely uneffected. No lost of Morale (despite five fellow officers dying), they don't become more trigger happy in dangerous situations etc.You also have detectives who investigate crimes. During these investigations, they generate frames which you have to put in exact order to get a suspect to arrest, with the help of witness statements. Don't worry, you can't make a mistake and suspect the wrong person. All you have to do is get everything in the exact order, which becomes a pain in later investigations. You can have figured out pretty much what has happened in the case, but if you don't know the exact order you need to put frames, you cannot make any arrests.On top of that, you have to deal with the Mafia and City Hall. City Hall makes some absurd demands (fire all black cops, have 50% of your work force female), which can cost you later when they cut your budget.That's it for gameplay. Seriously, there's barely anything to do. Just send a few officers to a situation, maybe the Paddy Wagon and SWAT team if you need it, and occasionally manage an investigation. Oh, and you also have to manually select music track when the previous one ends, because how dare a game have a playlist, that's just too hard.You don't have to worry about paying officers, dealing with low morale, dealing with the aftermath of police shootings, having good evidence to get a conviction on suspects, upgrading equipment of general officers (you can upgrade your SWAT team but they are just stat upgrades, you can't buy equipment for them).A police management game is a great concept. Having to juggle public opinion, Police Unions, a power tripping mayor, and even the Mafia could be an interesting game, but there's just barely anything to do. The story's pretty good, but as I said, the majority of this game is a flash quality management game. The only way I could recommend this game is if the devs add more depth to the management side of the game.EDIT: I also hate that for some reason, If I decide to deploy the SWAT team, patrol officers are still in harms way. That makes zero sense. Does the SWAT team sit back and have a few beers as the patrol officers resolve the situation? I respect that the SWAT team cannot suffer casualties, and every situation has to have risk but this could easily be resolved by having individual SWAT officers deploy. If you deploy SWAT officers to situations they are not needed, it could have a negative impact with City Hall and the public, plus lead to more violence.EDIT 2: I do intend to finish this game. If the later game changes my opinion I will update this review further.Final EDIT: The game fails to pick up. Theplanning of the assaultwas an interesting mechanic, and could have been used throughout the game to plan SWAT missions. A real missed opportunity. The conclusion to the story didn't do anything for me and I don't have the will to play any more of this boring game to see the other endings.I also found the game to be very set on rails. For example, there is an event where a security contractor asks you to send your two worst officers so they can basically embarass the police force and show they are better. I decided to send my best officers (one over 700 professionalism) and they still lost. Another example, I got ask to send two officers to model for a catalogue. Instead of sending two young officers, I send my two oldest, one of them with a portrait showing they have wrinkles and are probably in their sixties. Despite this, the two were fine for the modeling gig. It would have added so much depth to this game if you had to consider what officers to send. Say a racist assaults an African American couple. If I send an African American officer, the suspect might act more violently.The only thing I could give a positive mark, is the presentation. The voice acting was great. The art style was good enough, although I found the minimalist style annoying when trying to solve investigations. The songs were appropriate and I enjoyed a few of the tunes, even though I'm not a jazz head, although as mentioned before, you cannot create any form of playlist so I gave up and just listened to music on Youtube."
,Recommended,443810,25963380,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,*f@CE,This game is fantastic I love it. Good story and lots of cheesy stuff. I really hope they make a sequel and hire a real artist. That is the only thing lacking. The art looks like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ 3rd grader was hired and went ham on some clip art. Other than that I recommend this. Very well done and fun game. All their missing is to hire a real artist to work on this game. This game would be that much more kick♥♥♥♥♥ Hope they make a second one with cinematic cut scenes and not the kindergarten clip art. This game 9/10
,Recommended,443810,24713972,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Prospek,"Chicago Simulator 2016Full of scandals, corruption, riots, gang deals, violent crime and bankruptcy! 10/10"
76561198100165242,Recommended,443810,29349438,Posted: 18 January,all,Kekxd,Fired all my black cops bc the government ordered me to10/10
,Recommended,443810,24702357,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,groovefactor,"This is The Police is a good game, but not a great game.It takes heavy inspiration in narrative design from Papers Please, not a bad thing. Each progressive stage is considered a day of work, leading to a possible 180 days.A hurdle which I have had to come to pretty quickly with my time with TITP is that it is basically impossible to keep your hands clean as the chief. You can delay, but never save everyone, including yourself.This was nearly a dealbreaker for me. I was in my roleplaying element, with strict rules around not letting anyone get murdered, or high level armed robberies. Unfortunatley, you can get punished for following these morals very easily.My first playthrough ended with me being shot on Day 12. And to be honest, this felt lazy on the narrative part.Very little exposition or warning, and it left a bad taste in my mouth.Where this game shines is the police management game within. The investigations are a great little mini-game, and making decisions about how to handle specific situations adds nuance to what could be considered at times a very one-dimensional world. Should I send my experienced cop to this robbery and risk losing him/her, or send a rookie and risk their life?Contrary to what I have read so far, the story to me feels cliched and forced. John's voice acting is very average and streotyped. The whole ""one good cop in a bad town"" doesn't cut it with me when its so hard to actually be clean.Replayabilty is a strong point of this game though, so I might potentially find an easier way of dealing with crims in the future.This is a good game, at at this price, worth it. Just be prepared to have to play the middle man when it comes to corruption. Not too good, not too bad, just right.And hence therein lies the problem with This is the Police. Although it presents you with apparent choices and freedoms at the start, you quickly realise that in order to reach the full 180 days, you will have to eventually stop roleplaying and instead start working out how the game wants YOU to play it."
,Recommended,443810,24721145,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,FollowTheMedia,"Some so-called ""professional reviewers"" gave negative score to this game due to ""racist and sexist behaviours"".The goal of this game is obtaining half a million dollars in 180 days acting as the chief of a police department. I don't have to explain you that a chief of the police does not earn so much money...Connect the dots: >>> Your main character is basically a corrupted cop living in the most racist and sexist city ever seen on earth! <<<Now, basically these ""professional reviewers"" don't like this narrative assumption. Guess what? Consider a standard American city in the 50s. Has anybody ever read something about the living conditions of blacks and women in the post-WWII US? Ask your grandparents about it.This narrative setting is perfectly plausible but obviously exaggerate these typical problems of past American society.What is the best thing to do to empower minorities: completely ignore (or censor) the past conditions of blacks and women OR raise these (past) social issues so that these things can be no more?I hope that these ""professional reviewers"" did not come up with a student debt to pay their apparently useless education."
,Not Recommended,443810,27567898,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Juneau,"Unfortunately I need to leave a negative review, due to a bug/issue. The game has no sound.I have tried numerous steps (launch as admin, run in compatability mode, reinstall, run off onboard sound instead of sound card, run of rear ports instead of front ports but no luck. So I raised a ticket, posted on twitter, facebook and in the support forum and recieved no response in (looks at calander) 16 days. As such a refund request for the game has gone in.Apparently the voice acting is great and the soundtrack is fun and from what I saw it says you can 'buy' other soundtracks to play, but yeah, no sound, no support, dissapointing. The idea for the game looks great but when you spend more time trying to make a game work then you get playing it... Not a good sign. Sorry.FYI. My rig is a design gaming rig (plays everything currently out on High settings or higher) and baring one or two buggy console ports rarely has issues."
76561198082214706,Recommended,443810,27591162,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Oni,"""You are in charge, but not in power"" is constantly reminded to you throughout the course of this game, and there is nothing you can do about it.A very good game, if not one of the best, especially if you are into detective games and an 80s-90s era fan.My PROs & CONs:+Unique gameplay+Interesting Story+The perfect Music to set the mood+Simple to learn how to play+Choices you make influence the rest of the game+Keeps you curious of what will happen next+Small detective cases which add optional objectives to solve.+No Good Ending just to remind you that you are a puppet lost in the big picture.+Devs update the game and add new features and new languages for users (if you do not want it in english) , so it's a big thumbs up for this effort, as they care about their players, which became more and more of a rare thing in the last couple of years for lots of game companies.- Even though you have choices, the story is kind of going in only one direction.- Maybe more endings would be a cool feature to increase the game replayability.- Not really worth playing it more than 2 times at the moment (I've said twice as you can chose other paths and alliances). This is mostly because the crimes commited in the city are scripted and not random.In other words, if you play the game again from day one, you will discover that the same crimes happen again at the exact hours so it decreases in difficulty because you already know what will happen ahead of time. So in my opinion, just to see how the story progresses is not enough to get you through weeks of repetitive crimes and gets boring (once you finished the game once already).Overall score : 9/10 ~ one of the best indies out there."
76561197979614721,Not Recommended,443810,33226818,Posted: 4 July,all,doghouse,"Long story short:  if you play it long enough, you'll see through the illusion.Whether games, movies, or books --if it's done well-- the gamer, viewer, or reader will suspend disbelief and buy into the world in order to become immersed.I played this for around ten hours straight the first time around.  It had me truely hooked as I tried to balance the city, the mob and the day-to-day, all whilst trying to fill my coffers and looking after my crew.  I even used a real pen and lined-pad as if it were a real chief's notebook!This game is (was?!) challenging and at times unforgiving.  But I liked that.  It's not complicated, either, so it fords well for a bit of casual but stimulating fun.  Learn to manage is the key here.So, I went to bed thinking, 'this is the damn best game I've played in a long while!'  I mean, the recent games I've bought include Hitman, Tomb Raider (meh), Prey - none of which kept me hooked that much.  That much that I was aware of the time, but I thought, 'Just one more shift!' -- oh look, it's 2am...The game does get a lot right.  And yes there are rough edges.  Some pacing issues.  But nothing is perfect and boy, that becomes very evident after around ten hours plus.It was like walking into what you didn't realise is a two-way mirror, the glass shattering and crashing to the floor, small shards glitter through the air getting into your eyes and mouth, and -- *screams*Suspension of disbelief and any immersion is distroyed as through bloodied eyes you see this game for what it is:  it's all meaningless.  And it's not the fault of the game itself, but of the way it was developed.It's basically a drawn-out grinding mess of inconsequence only driven forward by the occasional narrative.  Sure, there are a few points over hours and hours that you have to make a decision.Let me explain the point where it all came to light:After a few disastrious days, or a few missed crimes too many, and the major reducing the force.. repeat.  Oh wait, the major no longer complains, no longer reduces your force.  No recruits to replace my dwindling forece.  Okay, I'm suspicious.  Let's feck this city.  Running it into the ground has no consequnce.  No-one reports it, no newspapers, nothing.  And really, it's the same if you're doing good.  No reward, really.You suddenly realise that the shift aspect of the game is almost entirely a filler for the next story event.  Which  means, what is the game?!I really enjoyed this game initially, loved it.  How disappointing.  The elements are good, they're just poorly implemented into a package, so much so that it's all rather pointless.An anology:It's like baking a pie, you load up the pie in the cooker, turn it on and set the temperature.  But no matter how you play around with the temperature the pie will eventually cook.  So you remove the pie and it smells great.  It all seems great.  Then you plate it, slice it and realise there's no damn filling.This Is The Pie and it's a Lie.Thankfully I got it 50% off.  Thankfully it took about 50% playthrough to get to this damning reveal.  So I guess that's something."
,Recommended,443810,28835182,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Vox,"Sent a few of my officers to a wedding. They all came back drunk. With the day only being half way over and low on officers, I sent a few to a crime in progress. One of them died from drunk driving. RIP."
,Recommended,443810,34361723,Posted: 19 August,all,Jovanis,"Campaign ★ ★ ★ ★ ☆Multiplayer N/APlot/Idea ★ ★ ★ ★ ☆ Rich story, great ideadSandbox N/ARepetition ★ ★ ★ ☆  ☆Gameplay ★ ★ ★ ★ ☆Difficulty  ★ ★ ★ ☆ ☆Interface ★ ★ ★ ☆ ☆Strategic Level ★ ★ ★ ★ ☆Graphics/Sound ★ ★ ★ ★ ☆Price ★ ★ ★ ★ ☆ I totally recommended. It is a game with rich story full of decision making and risk taking"
,Not Recommended,443810,31590622,Posted: 6 May,all,Dectala,"I really wanted to enjoy this game. I tried, very hard. But it lacks so much. It's a basic click and go game. They try to pretend they are trying to send messages and management of things; but it's not. Investigations are too long and often annoying.Managing police is over simplistic and they often ask you to do things that they provide no information to obtain (fire all asian cops. So I'm suppose to assume based on name and poorly drawn faces who's asian?)I think if more work was put into this; it would be an amazing game, but it just fails to deliver."
76561198277986440,Recommended,443810,33249568,Posted: 4 July,all,SlamJamtheClam,"Simple game. Highly addictive. Story is good, gameplay is better."
76561198025813712,Recommended,443810,29058132,Posted: 6 January,all,⌈ Pineapple ⌋,"There's a riotOption 1: Put officers on the scene, do not suppress riotCity Hall: WHY DIDNT YOU DO ANYTHINGOption 2: Put officeers on the scene, suppress riotCity Hall: YOU VICIOUS PSYCHOPATH WHY DID YOU HURT THEMOption 3: Spend huge sums of money to blackmail somebody, Suppress RiotCity Hall: *silence*Also:Random: ""I know you need more $$$ for officers, so let my son in and ill give you two more officers' worth of space""Me: Sends ♥♥♥♥♥♥ officer (the guy's son) on dangerous missions hoping he's killed, works him continuosly never giving him a break when he asks. Nothing happens. Tell him he has to be cast as a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥pervert cop as part of a TV show as his next job as a copHim: ♥♥♥♥ YOU I QUIT ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Also:Try to kill the current crime lord you're working with so the new one rises up, accidentally allow your current crime lord to rise out on top and have the new one get rekt. Have a potential detective mission that could seriously incriminate your current crime lord, you want to get rid of your current crime lord but...not enough detectives....Also:CITY HALL IS NOT PLEASED WITH YOUR PERFORMANCE, BECAUSE THE CITY IS OVERRIDDEN WITH CRIME, WE ARE CUTTING YOUR FORCE, WHICH WILL MAKE IT HARDER FOR YOU TO STOP CRIME. CITY HALL IS NOT PLEASED WITH _________ CITY HALL IS NOT PLEASED WITH _________ ♥♥♥♥ CITY HALL AND THE MAYORxD10/10 game"
,Recommended,443810,29406930,Posted: 21 January,all,unwaveringresolve,"This game was fun, and I thought the storytelling was excellent.* Noir stories are rarely told from the perspective of cops, let alone the Chief of Police. It gives an unusual perspective on the usual ""city of crime and corruption"".* You have a surprising amount of narrative control. Most management games are either bereft of plot or they have a fixed, immovable plot. This Is The Police gives you decisions both in the grand story (do you agree to become a mob stooge or not? Whose side do you take in a gang war?), the personal story (are you a good cop or a bad cop?), and the stories of your department officers (do you promote them? have them killed? fire them because of their political affiliation? Keep them on despite their obvious alcoholism?). These decisions do affect your play experience.* The game has a way of throwing me curveballs just when I get complacent. Usually around the time I start to feel like the game is getting easy because my officers are all leveled up and the department has enough staff to handle any problem, something crazy happens and I have to scramble for resources again.* The game hits on a lot of issues that are relevant to policing today - ranging from how much use of force is permissible, to the difficult decisions officers have to make in a crisis, to how police can be wielded as weapons by manipulative operators. The discussion of crime and law enforcement is ongoing without being too intrusive, and I like how you can decide for yourself what philosophy you want to follow on these issues."
76561197995888353,Recommended,443810,24741665,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Floggin' Irishman,"An entire shift of 8 police officers died in a single call, with SWAT support."
,Recommended,443810,28353700,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Hachi,You just CANT be a good copAnd you just CANT live a good livepoor Jack
,Not Recommended,443810,33112334,Posted: 1 July,all,Statik,"The storyline dies shortly into the game , No longer fun after a while instead just a repetitive mess of RNG"
,Recommended,443810,30931441,Posted: 3 April,all,Brockers,"One of the most refreshing Indy games i've played since papers please. One of the biggest critisims people have of this game is that your investigations can be derailed and never get back on course, this can be frustrating should you have put significant work into it. However, personally I enjoyed this as there is always another investigation around the corner and the failures go well with the noir theme."
76561198235689886,Not Recommended,443810,28699122,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,McMoonMan,"Was hoping for a strategy game instead got a game that talks alot and decisons that barely matter. There is no struggle with in the game its just a guy sitting at staring at a stale screen of a city that you cant even turn that ocassionaly pops up a call and any officer can respond as long as there still there. Poor strategy, choices barely matter, and more of a journal your reading."
,Recommended,443810,24708142,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Interceptor,Excellent story. Great soundtrack. Really fun game.
,Not Recommended,443810,26978531,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jokaste,"Not a bad game. Has a narrative and requires you to make tough decisions. As others have said, there's not much of a choice in the game. You can't be a spotless police chief who's a shining example for others. You'll have to do bad things. The city the game takes place in is shown to be fairly corrupt, so you have to play by the rules or get killed.With that in mind, my biggest complaint is the lack of information on dispatches. As an example, a woman walked into a burger joint, ordered a diet soda and then pulled out a handgun and started shooting. A single woman, mind you.I send 4 cops, 2 above average and 2 a bit below average, and the SWAT in to take care of the situation... and all 4 cops were killed. There was no explanation of what happened. A single woman with a hangun killed 4 cops, evaded the SWAT and escaped after shooting up the burger joint. Maybe this woman was secretly a super villain but if not, I would appreciate more information. I want to know the details so I can figure out where I made the mistakes.Either way, it's a pretty good story-driven simulator if you pick it up on sale. Would not reccomend otherwise though."
,Not Recommended,443810,27531298,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,SuperPizzaman55,"I just want to say I do like this game and it is well developed, but there are a few oversights to the game. The voice-acting is very good yet I find I can't connect to ""Jack Boyd"". He seems alive but I feel every decision I make is just helping me go one way or another, corruption or death. For example, I refused to help his friend when he had trouble with the mafia. He and his family died. Nothing came of it. It was sad but nothing changed.When I started to play this game I had the personality I wanted to play in my head. I would be utterly respectful of the law but completely fed up with life and take no intimidation or abuse (From the mayor and mafia). I played this way, arresting lots of mafia and only being corrupt when it would go against the mayor and give me money or bonuses for the P.D. I was shot, and killed. This severly weakened mafia killed me and I wasn't allowed any crime probe or police raid against the king pin before it happened. I wasn't allowed to produce any fake evidence or raid his house and get rid of that annoying condescending voice of his.There was also a big difference in what I was expecting. It could be just me but I found the back and forth from dramatic story to strategic police chief was discomforting. After an enthralling Detective case I was back in my office listening to a mostly pointless conversation, or waiting for my car to start. Yes, it does add a good atmosphere but I became impatient when I felt like I was in a commanding role.But still a good game, slightly repetitive."
,Not Recommended,443810,26843310,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Brownie,"Seemed interesting at the start but as you push on further into the game it just drags out, the story was good but the cutscenes come so few and far between that you quickly lose interest. It also doesnt help that there is no skip/fast forward button for all the mundane boring stuff that is the actual ""gameplay"""
76561198079609416,Recommended,443810,28052387,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Galaga,"Great realistic game! really Immersive and you have to make difficult decions, gets you thinkin!"
,Recommended,443810,29872069,Posted: 12 February,all,Pasithea.,"Dirty game,dirty world."
76561198030374060,Not Recommended,443810,24728186,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Nukealope,"I can't recommend it.  This is a very linear story game.  The vocalizations take place nearly each day of play, and can be long and tedious.  Between the vocalizations a day is played in which you send officers/detectives/SWAT out on response to calls, trying to cover all of them with limited resources.The strategy aspect of the game is pretty basic, and really not all that fun.  The story part is dull and very limited on your options.  If you're really into police games, then perhaps there's some fun to be had, but I can't see a second play through.  I couldn't even finish the first.There are much better games out there for my money.  I even asked for a refund, but had left the game on pause all day and that counts as play time, so with 7 hours of play logged, I wasn't eligible for it."
76561198006582823,Recommended,443810,24800949,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,RedManiac,Very Good
,Recommended,443810,25934817,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,mike,"Glad I bought it - it's a very fun police/strategy game :) 9.4/10Also, I'll take tangerine."
76561198072534020,Not Recommended,443810,25686886,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Bautista Bomb,Pros-Great unique storyline-Great artwork-Long story for a game you would expect short story from-for $17.99 12 hours is not badCons-Game gets boring about halve way though it gets boring-Not much replay value-Gameplay gets boring to do over and overI would say to get this game if you can handle doing the same thing over and over again and don't get bored easily but if you are like me and can't handle games that make you do the same thing over and over and get bored and need to take 5 breaks a day just to do maybe 1/4 of the game then don't get it the storyline and gameplay gets bad about halve way though.
76561198064181404,Recommended,443810,24683806,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,lazun101,"Good story, good narrator! Missions are non-repetitive. You have to make decisions that affect your job, your department, the welfare of the city. While dealing with money corruption and politics. Well done."
76561197993861119,Recommended,443810,24698493,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Gaffer Bell,One day you just gotta fire all the blacks. The next day you got to have a gender balance. The day after you're hitting a mob boss.Police work. It gets more like politics every day.Good fun. 'Card' system is unobtrusive and has enough options to keep you guessing. Delighted I've made a proper officer out of some bum I got forced to take on.
76561198064373638,Recommended,443810,24680012,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,chuckfoxtrot88,"Really well-executed management simulation with a tremendously engaging story.  Nice-but-simple graphics, runs well/optimized, mellow soundtrack and effective voice acting round out an exceptionally polished presentation.  The game is about decision-making, and sometimes you'll make mistakes no matter how well you think you 've approached this situation.  Some people will be turned off by this, but to me, it makes the game interesting and challenging.  Also, when bad things happen, you can generally see WHY things didn't work out well, but it takes a little trial and error. Generally, there are enough twists and turns presented by the game to stay interesting - just when you think you have the hang of the game, it will make things more difficult with some sort of contraint or challenge. Don't expect Paradox Games level of intricicies and micromanagement, but definately engaging and fairly fast paced mechanics. Highly recommended for people who like resource management-simulation type games that actually has an engaging, well-made story."
,Recommended,443810,24687122,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,EDSHOT MACHINE,"This game is the best police-strategy simulator, i have ever played. Sometimes, you are going to rage. 10/10"
76561198047975427,Recommended,443810,24687233,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,640509-040147,"""This Is the Police"" is a gem: one of these little indie games that just pops up on the store page fairly unnoticed, but which manages to impress due to its uniqueness and strong design. After binging a solid eight hours into the game, I can most certainly recommend this game (especially for its price!).You play as a cop soon to be resigned from service, who attempts to make $500.000 by any means necessary in the last 180 days of his office. You deal with corrupt government officials, leaders of mafia houses, secretive activists, and the like in pursuit of your goal.What I found most interesting is how the game manages to sustain interest even after this many hours. I'm nowhere close to finished despite the fairly monotonous layout of the game. You will stare at a city map for the majority of gameplay, reading texts that explain the calls that come in. Some days go by without anything significant happening, which makes the game occasionally strenuous, but other days new storylines or gameplay items are introduced, keeping everything fresh troughout.There are some things that could be improved; this could be considered direct feedback to the developers: on ""normal days"", there is little going besides you dispatching forces to the crimes that are called in. Aside from a rank, there is not much going on in terms of selection, which makes the game a tad dull. More skills could be introduced to make the selection of the officers more inticing. Furthermore I would like to see a patch that addresses some of the typos and incorrect text (e.g. the wrong gender pronoun, such as ""her"" while referring to a male character).These are minor points and they most certainly didn't spoil the fun I've had thus far playing this game. I fully recommend checking out this game!"
76561198044983156,Recommended,443810,24694281,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Handy V,I've been playing this for about 4 hours now and I'm really loving it so far.  The blend of story between days and the management of your coppers is a really satisying experience
,Recommended,443810,24701030,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Piatlas,Feel like i'm Burell against mayor Carcetti in The Wire.SHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIT!  10/10
76561198013216503,Recommended,443810,24701481,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,RUBMJA,"Got an order from douchbag mayor to fire all black cops. Totally ignored him, ended up with best police squad everMakes me feel like am a part of something, and make me wanna watch my favorite tv-show The Wire again!10/10"
,Recommended,443810,24678161,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Egmo,"A very nice game with a very nice story! If you love stories and deep ones, well then buy this game! It's reccomended for any story-lovers."
,Recommended,443810,24682527,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Turquoise_Falcon,"Challenging game with a great story. The voice acting and artwork is on point as well. I thought this game would be at least $20, but with the $15 price tag and the -10% discount to boot, this game is well worth the money."
76561198047544602,Recommended,443810,24683035,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Manuva,It's great. Basicly a great story with even better soundtrack and duke nukem as main voice actor.... 11/10
,Recommended,443810,24684339,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,2ndtoLastJedi,"Intriguing storyline. Immersive experience. Always love a good RPG. Had fun playing this for a full day. Enjoyed the investigation part of the game and piecing the sequence together. Starts to get a little boring by lack of crime variety or any new development in story plot by around day 70. I stopped at day 80. There IS more story to be had beyond day 80, I just started to feel the drag from days 70-80. This game goes on for 180 days of storyline. It DOES have replayability for any missed opportunities during your last playthrough or to try other choices, if you're willing to put in all the time all over again.7.5/10 in my book."
76561198054704788,Recommended,443810,24687569,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,EricThePlumber,"In love with this game.  Gameplay is fun, the story is fun, all around great.  Although I would love to see a version of this that is free of storylines or ""mob ties"" and more closely resembled a management simulator, but that's because I heart management sims."
76561198001841569,Recommended,443810,24689172,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Caridous,"A deceptively challenging game, that while not quite follows a linear storyline, does require you to make sacrifices and choices based on pre-determined events.Very much recommended for those with a bad itch for a solid management game, but not for the faint of heart, as just like the titular character you may find yourself having to decide between the lesser of two evils in hopes of securing a greater good, or even just for your own survival. Unless, of course, your moral compass is already atuned to the slick and ruthless underworld of political corruption"
76561197982723685,Recommended,443810,24689552,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,O.G. Lupus,"This is the Police - ReviewAfter playing TitP for about 6 hours, i have a pretty positive impression of this game. It is a mix of a classic adventure campaign and a kind of police simulation. The main story appears randomly all couple of days and keeps the player motivated. The developers work with serveral pictures connected through exellent ambient sound, which make the pictures alive. Special in this combination is, that you are not just a regular police chief, no you are cooking serveral ""meals""parallel to your work. After keeping the city secure you need to find your disappered wife and make sure that you gain enough ""dirty money"" to make yourself a happy retirement. You get some extra cash doing jobs for the mob or just by folding evidences like guns or drugs. Furthermore there are beside the regular ""send cops to crime"" mechanic the investigations about bigger crimes like i.e. murder. In this cases you need to put some detecives on the job and try to get the proper sequence in a row of pictures, which show the actual execution of the crime. If you have the pics of the crime in the right way than the name of a suspect appears and you can close the case by geeting the guy arrested.TitP is a nice game for someone who is looking for alternative game concepts. It is quite funny to play and watch yourself ""interpret"" the law. The price is fair, the quality (bugs etc.) is fine and the dubbing excellent. 4 of 5 Points!"
76561198039484788,Not Recommended,443810,30344948,Posted: 5 March,all,f2eeman,"Such an interesting game, but the machanics feel heavily weighted towards failiure. A lot of my cops died about 40 days in, then there were no replacements in the labour market. Then they shrunk my staff capacity because I was failing, Then they sent investigators in which took 2 more of my staff off me. People quitting left right and centre. Then I was left with 1 cop, which they said wasn't enough so they took me to jail... Game over!I thought there would be some coming back, but I should have quit as soon as it started going south, it's too difficult to recover from two bad days on the bounce, which to me is insane.Really enjoyed the premise and story but it's just too damn difficult, once you slip you'll never recover and that's just not fun at all."
76561198073061496,Recommended,443810,32828476,Posted: 26 June,all,Switzi the Swiss Leutnant,Burch and Burch jr op cops
76561198373322912,Recommended,443810,33474039,Posted: 12 July,all,Isabelle,good  game  i  like  it.
,Recommended,443810,24742335,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Alturis,I am more that impressed with the quality and writing in this game. The videos and gameplay looked interesting but I was a bit on the fence. Normally I am not a video game player much interested in story and dialogue and will skip past it to get to the gameplay. But the treatment and quality of story in this is amazing. Its presents you with difficult decisions often without a clear right or wrong way to react. I have not yet tried it but it also seems to offer completely different story paths based on key decisions at certain points.Unique and definitely worth your time.
,Recommended,443810,24753773,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Evilreaver,"Did you like Papers, Please? This is another game where you're a civil servant trying to make a buck while criminals and  corrupt beaurocrats try to carbomb you. The action pauses while you decide what to do so there's little rush, just a relaxing decisions, decisions game.I've heard things about this game being racist etc? 95% of the characters who espose those opinions are Certified Bad People(tm) (ie: the Mayor), and other characters recognize what is happening, so I don't see the problem.The story is a little light, and sometimes the cutscenes go on a hair too long. But the gameplay's nice and fun!"
76561198081185466,Recommended,443810,24754058,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,NovaGamer,"This game is quite fun and I really enjoy it! The gameplay is fun, and the story is amazing!"
,Recommended,443810,24788071,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Raven_,"Bomb game, 10/10. Playing it a second time through rn"
76561198143087210,Not Recommended,443810,26129791,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Yojimbo,"Starts out fun but becomes a proper grindfest. Took me 25 hours to play through once, and the gameplay was definitely old after 10 hours.If you're able to put a game down when you get bored of it, go ahead and buy it, but if you're the kind of player who needs to see a game though to the end, don't buy this."
76561198008782952,Recommended,443810,26319129,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,zimmer550,"Not a masterpiesce, but a unique game for sure. Nothing like this on the market, provides great deal of fun."
,Not Recommended,443810,26605668,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,PurpleXVI,"Gorgeous art, terrible gameplay.The concept of This Is The Police caught me instantly. You play as a police chief 6 months from retirement, who can choose between being morally upstanding, a mafia stooge, or anything in between, essentially having to decide whether building up a retirement fund(legally or not) or staying true to his position. It seemed like it could be a fun ride.The art? Interesting, unique, haven't seen a game with quite the same art before.The gameplay? Conceptually good, but the issue is an absolute absence of what I'd call ""feedback.""Say that I can send between 1 and 4 officers on a particular case. Let's assume I decide to send one guy with great skills, because everyone else is occupied and the case will time out shortly. And then assume that I fail: is it because that was too few officers? Because that officer had too poor skills? Did I actually have a 90% success chance and just flubbed the RNG roll? Was there even an RNG roll, or was it just a deterministic adding-up of office numbers and skills?The game never lets you in on what's happening behind the scenes. Similarly, some cases offer short multiple-choice narratives. I pick a given option and end up with two dead officers, an escaped offender and a dead civilian. Was that the only potential result of that option? Was it the result because my officers sucked? Or was it just random chance? Again, you never know.If I have to read a wiki or decrypt the game's code to figure out how it fundamentally works, the game has failed. I'd recommend against getting this."
,Recommended,443810,26903718,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Head of Sicromoft Gill Bates,Go ♥♥♥♥ yourself Troy Starr
,Recommended,443810,29588212,Posted: 30 January,all,Codie Proasheck,"This game is sadly very underrated. The major critisisms are too much story (which you can skip) and forced political decisions (which is very minor and is only such a popular complaint due to how early in the game the thing people are talking about is). This is one of my favourite games honestly, I loev how you can get invested in your officers and give them characters and things. I really want a non-story mod which I heard they are working on, but I'm not completely sure."
,Recommended,443810,24733938,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,yeah i drink A1 from the bottle,"""This Is the Police"" tells a story about Jack Boyd, the Chief of Police in Freeburg, and his struggle to make $500,000 before his retirement. You are put in the hotseat and tasked with managing your police force, maintaining its image to the community, and finding ""other"" means of getting closer to your goal. All eyes are on you, as you attempt to juggle things like public image, appeasing city hall, and doing favors in exchange for payment, this game will most likely chew you up and spit you out.Graphics, audio, art style, etc.Before buying this game, I was under the assumption that I would have to soldier through the fact that this game wasn't really impressive graphically. Boy was I wrong, the game's graphics are phenominal, the audio is amazing, and the art style blends together so well. Everything came together so perfectly, I had no complaints in this area of the game at all.GameplayThis part is fun if you're into tycoon type games, the gameplay initially consists of you hiring employees, promoting them as a reward for good performance (or to shape them up, yes you heard me right), and requesting better funding from city hall. Personally for me this turned into a boring grind after a few hours of gameplay, but as time passed on you have more complications and more tools to deal with problems that may arise and threaten your rule, even though this made things more interesting, I still was bored quickly, I mainly played past them to progress the story. There are also parts of the game that are bound to frustrate you, I will touch up on how this is potentially a good thing. Overall 3/5 in this areaStoryFreeburg's people are often portrayed GTA-level arrogant, intolerant, stupid, and violent, while a lot of the characters you meet will have their own demons. The character development of this game is very nice and I do appreciate how they try to change things up from time to time. Some parts of this game simply would not happen in the real world, but even if they did this game tries its best to be realistic and I appreciated that. In Freeburg, you quickly learn that things will not always go your way, even if you do everything right, and this can apply to gameplay, story, whatever. The Story is the biggest part of the game and in my opinion the developers did a good job of covering this area.misc. good-very fair price-very long.. very very long-lots of choices to makemisc. bad-when you ""fall out of the loop"" with managing your PD, you're forced to give up your own pocket money to imrpove it, but even then it's impossible to climb out of the hole once you displease city hall, you'll see what i mean later-once you get the basics down of managing your police force, you get pretty bored of it and just fly by days hoping a cutscene pops up tomorrow (my experience)-i didn't feel a lot of my choices had an impact, i could be wrongIn ClosingGood game if you like stories, okay game if you want a police tycoon game."
76561198337017563,Recommended,443810,32685174,Posted: 23 June,all,pnyam1.u,The game says it for its self and really good sound track
76561198086237693,Not Recommended,443810,32824748,Posted: 26 June,all,Fritzish,"The police-management aspect is actually kind of fun, though it's something that would get repetitive for someone who doesn't like that sort of thing. The music is also good. The main problem I had with the game though is how slow it is-- 75+% is watching cut scenes of the police chief talking to someone or other. So it's less of a game than of watching a game-like video. And  you *have* to watch the dumb scenes in order to know what choices you're making. When I play games, I want to play games. If I wanted to watch a movie, that's what I would do. I would characterize this more as 75% interactive story, 25% management (and there's barely any strategy to it, as far as I could tell). If that sounds like your thing, you might enjoy the game."
76561198005070660,Recommended,443810,24828634,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Sanic,"This game is amazing and has lots to do, i have just finshed my first game and it took me about 16 hours.You play as a poilce chief who is told he is getting kicked out in 180 days and the mayor wants it to be the best 180 days ever, but Jack (the cheif) wants to make $500,000 in these 180 days.That's the basic story with little twists and diffrent ways to get your money, you can do good and get a nice wage or be bad and earn lots of money but♥♥♥♥♥♥everyone else off. It becomes harder and harder to finish the game being good, like having to pick a side during the mafia war, i would rather you could just stay out of it.overall this game is very good, but feels like you are forced to do one or two things, but apart for that it has lots to do and kept me playing.9/10"
,Recommended,443810,24704432,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Rox,Became a Mafia ♥♥♥♥♥ 10/10!
76561198093671474,Recommended,443810,24710281,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Syjak,"11PM""This crook is linked with the Triad. Let me just assign Detective Mole on the case before going to bed.""...around 4 minutes later...""Okay, good. The investigation is coming together nicely. Now just one more day.""...around 10 minutes later...""Oh look, is that the sun?"""
,Recommended,443810,24720015,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Thomas Clancy,Got sniped eating breakfast on day 28 10/10
,Recommended,443810,24741275,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,WH,LOVELY BURCH FAMILY
,Recommended,443810,24816717,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Jelizaveta,"An incredibly addicting game. LOVE IT.When in doubt, USE THE TASER. Just saying."
76561198112359169,Recommended,443810,24816776,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Troompa loompa,its a really good and realsitic game its like papers please but with tons of easter eggs like you can hire markiplier as a cop the story is good i like how you can pick how certain situations go
,Recommended,443810,24829646,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,TwitchTv/ProductNV,Ending was terrible.Still a great game.
76561198069618446,Recommended,443810,24843191,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Dance_Man30,"89 Days in... looking to hire a cop to fill a dead guys slot. First name: Mark Fischbach, reputation points: 1200. Intantly start to smile. 10/10 game of the year."
76561197967662940,Recommended,443810,24918747,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,ANDALF,"Great game, but story is a bit confusing."
,Recommended,443810,24996465,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Dr. Dugong,"This game will make you salty. If you're interested in game design, I'd say pick it up, otherwise skip it. There are novel mechanics and interesting interactions between story and gameplay."
,Recommended,443810,25002162,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Tomas the Feel Engine,Entertaining.
76561198183962039,Recommended,443810,25058896,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,DanKuS MeMeuS,great game really enjoy it
76561198009745978,Recommended,443810,26344585,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,CorgiClair,"I really like it. Story game, but fun play."
,Not Recommended,443810,26394067,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,ribchinski,"At first, you play the game and it's really fun. The mechanics are catchy and you get some pretty hard choices.When you play a game, you feel like it is going to make a difference on the ending.BUT F*CKING NOPEThe game has 2 main endings. In both you get really screwed, but in one you are made fool of.I know, all the other players are going to tell me the following:that's what happens in real lifeit's a realistic fiction gameYeah, yeah. But the thing is, is that itisa fiction game.Plus, they made me waste 10 minutes to watch the map while the game was doing stuff by itself.You know, this ending probably annoyed me more, that watching the classical horror movie cliche where the characters split up and then get killed in many horrible ways.You know, if I purchased a book, and it had a bad ending, I wouldn't complain as much.But this is a game. Make the good ending and if you want, make it hard to get, butdon't just make only bad endings."
,Recommended,443810,30199970,Posted: 26 February,all,eulash,"A great game. The way a game is ought to be.Balanced mix of story telling and actual gameplay, time/team management and decision making, humor and realism.The game isn't pushing you too hard towards a linear story line. You indeed feel in charge of the events (even if you are not perhaps, I'm not sure), to the limited extent a police chief can be in the world of politics and powerplay.You mourn the loss of a good subordinate, yet don't care so much when a drunk lazy police officer gets himself into a car accident. You feel bad when you have to cooperate with bad guys, but console yourself with the idea of exterminating it one day.There's a fairly wide variety of events to prevent them being repetitive.Wonderful voice acting, sleek graphics, beautiful music, intriguing story, well thought-out gameplay and a damn good game!Looking forward to support such games and developers further."
76561198032403176,Not Recommended,443810,31081988,Posted: 11 April,all,eakugler,"What began as an interesting and egaging story has become an increasingly dull slog.The game part of the game is incredibly simplistic, with no real engagement.This is one of those games that promises so much, but delivers so little.Give it a pass, and play something else.The voice-acting is pretty good, the music is great, and the art is fine.  What is lacking here is coherent gameplay.4/10"
76561198133831810,Not Recommended,443810,33801161,Posted: 25 July,all,(LuLLaBy),"The saving points will save after the event occurred,   there is no prompt before the big plot changes, the money in bank but the Bank suddenly disappeared without any missons.Saving points are meaningless, equal to at the half of game process, clear your money.The original game mode isn't so boring,but not fit the fact. Reality the bank bankrupted in five days, as the police chief do not know anything?"
,Not Recommended,443810,34142818,Posted: 10 August,all,eyden,"The game itself is good and the story is interesting at first, but it has one big problem - it's too long. Doing the same simple tasks over and over again might be entertaining for 30 ingame days but definitely not 180 (you skip some)edit:- and the ending, it's like a punch in the face. All of them are disappointing."
76561198033982897,Recommended,443810,25735929,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,bc,"Good game. Played a few times, but haven't finished yet. Recommend."
,Recommended,443810,28074059,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Capelett,"It's a great game, with good story-telling, with a few interesting characters, and content is still being added, to this day.However,The story, throughout the game makes you feel as if you have choice and matter toward the ending, which you don't, and it just feels rushed, toward the end, with no cutscene and just delivered in messages. Maybe some sort of dark message, but it was dissapointing, to say the least."
,Recommended,443810,24691149,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Vaelant,"Gameplay is a fairly straightfoward resource management game where in you decide what your officers are going to do, combined with several puzzle elements when investigating crimes and gangs.What makes this good though is the combination of this with rpg elements where you are playing the good cop going bad, managing your relations with different factions in the city.Negatives. Having to watch the animation of you starting your car every 10 minutes."
76561198023140014,Recommended,443810,24691837,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Harry,"After deciding to help my long time friend, Kendrick, I have fallen servant to the needs and wishes of Christopher Sand. That's not to say he doesn't also allow me to 'remove' officers wishing to testify against me, but I have always been a man of integrity and principal.As I now sit here slowly accumulating my $500,000, keeping city hall and the mafia happy, I begin to feel for the first time real power and determination at this desk.10/10 would replay over and over again."
76561197961076890,Recommended,443810,24693991,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Radical Edward,"IT'S TIME TO KICK♥♥♥♥♥AND DRINK COFFEE...TOO BAD WE'RE ALL OUTTA COFFEE!I haven't finished my first playthrough yet. However this game has already made such an impact on me I have to put out a preliminary review.IT IS EXCELLENT!This game is deeper than expected and the story is intriguing and emotional.You manage the police force as a retiring beloved Police Chief with 180 days left. Manage shifts and employee excuses, dispatch officers to crime scenes as you see fit and give  your officers and detectives direction to help them deal with a perp or close out a case. Who knows maybe you will land a gang lord and grab that bounty or maybe just let that robbery take place and line your pockets. Manage your personal relationship with the Mayors office and Crime Lords while helping them or working to take them down.Will you be just another dirt bag that put on the badge, a beacon of justice, or do you fall somewhere in between like most men? Find out now! This is one time I feel the price is just right or maybe even too low for this casual masterpiece!"
,Recommended,443810,24701097,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Ðřăĸě🐈✨,"As the Chief of Police what would you do to see your end goals fullfilled. Does the end justify the means?Game play is pretty strategic and gets a bit RNG heavy around turn 60. However, you can save scum and restart the day so if you did have your whole cop squad die in a single mission, you can choose to send more the next time or just bypass it completely. In addition the games gets a bit repetitive around turn 90 but I'm still having fun.I find the story to be captivating and intersting. The choices the player can pick for himself and his cops are amusing.I got the game for 13.49 and I think it's a great buy if you like strategic games that are slow paced and more of a story telling strategy/adventure game.I would score the game 7.5 out of 10 with consideration of 5 being average."
,Recommended,443810,24680369,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,XaceX03 - Original,"This game is reeeeeaaaaally good! If you like tycoon games or anything like that, you will LOVE this game!"
76561197981631838,Recommended,443810,24694450,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,TOG | Skyggles,"Pro : I'm now a mob ♥♥♥♥♥. (+ storyline)City Hall keeps pulling my resources, so I have to balance overtime and fatigue. (+ game difficulty)I feel like a 60 year old police chief (+ storyline)Cons : Pretty please with sugger on top ...next patch add auto queing for our vinyl :)"
76561198009719942,Recommended,443810,24697338,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Sturm,"I had a quick look at the game, and the videos provide an apt idea of what the game itself entails!Playing as the police chief and gaining an insight into his daily life and dealings along with your officers and detectives, this is a great game; an intriguing storyline with a descent into the dark underworld of crime syndicates to having to juggle staff and their requests with getting results, training staff and fielding requests and inspections from the town hall its a thoroughly enjoyable game! Its not overly repetitive as every call is different requireing differing staff with rewards for some, but the story is interspersed between days, arguably with too many days between the story moving forward."
,Recommended,443810,24691617,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Shit on a brick n call me daddy,"Used force on feminist protesters, sent female officers with highest ranking male as well, felt great, got in trouble for not having enough female officers10/10 would use force on feminist again"
,Recommended,443810,24831591,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Ein süßes Kätzchen,#bluelivesmatter
,Recommended,443810,26068167,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,bigrob9053,Love this game just started playing it! Very Fun! even Started a lets play of it!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ngpljWA1eA
76561197966679128,Recommended,443810,24882457,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Speirs101st,Pretty fun game! You micro-manage your police force and help them make wise choices while out on duty. Very unique art and at times pretty amusing dialogue as well. Can't say I've ever played a game where you are a 60 year old police chief 180 days away from retirement. I think this is 100% worth the $15 price tag!
,Recommended,443810,24699634,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Maeda,"(Note: this is a summary of my review video, which can be found here:Review Video)This Is the Police is a story driven police management game that relies heavily on player immersion. You play as Jack Boyd, a sixty year old police chief who's stepping down in 180 days. Your duty is to protect and serve, but the mayor's corruption and the mob's monetary persuasion - not to mention the unpredictable nature of police work - will test your patience as you dispatch officers and investigators to deal with robberies, murders, etc.For an indie game, the voice acting is spectacular. The music is pleasant. The UI is sleek and efficient. The gameplay is simple, yet the game forces you to make complex choices that impact the game world.What this game does, it does well.My biggest criticism would be that it lacks action. If you're not sold by the story and the voice acting, the choices that serve as the main game loop simply won't matter to you, and that can lead to a boring experience.https://youtu.be/DdvwczIKqu0"
76561198115829784,Not Recommended,443810,24765212,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,frank2351,"It looked good at first but then the sloppy programming began to show. Bugs, meaningless gameplay, parts of the story seem to be missing, unlogical puzzles and even counter intuitive puzzles aswell as heaps of issues late game. Could have been good but they aparently decided to release prematurely."
76561198208495667,Recommended,443810,26409992,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Nocturne,"If i were Jack Boyd, i will use the information i've learnt from chaffee to threaten Rogers,thus i will be police chef for another decade. What a shame i can't make decisions my way."
,Recommended,443810,29513300,Posted: 26 January,all,KERNBOOM,I have a love/hate relationship with the police.This game is the love part of that relationship.Extremely good delivery.Interesting story and choices.Original gameplay elements.10/10
,Recommended,443810,25182857,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,TheLegend27,graphics 7/10storyline 9.5/10replay value 4/10personal rating?10/10 would play again
,Not Recommended,443810,33705959,Posted: 21 July,all,dian,choices matter my♥♥♥♥
76561198051857597,Recommended,443810,28243449,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,AustinSours,Highly recommended. Good mix of adventure with a modern twist of a turn based system. Even has a hint of rpg. Really minimalist but so well done. I don't see how this could have been any better. 10/10
76561197988451550,Not Recommended,443810,34346481,Posted: 19 August,all,SpiritChef,"Don't waste your money, pretends to give the player choice, but you have to be corrupt essentially so that's a big negative from me...Read the other reviews, I wouldn't waste my time on this one."
,Recommended,443810,24745725,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,SamuR!™,"This Is the Police, is one of those ""diamonds"" that                                                                come from a desert full of other new titles I never                                                                                                                       heard   of   before,   developed    by    studios I                                                                               neverheard  of  before,   priced  suspiciously  low                                                                                                  and   released   at   a   ten    percent    dicount.It  gives  me  that  feeling  I've  rarely  come  across,     very  different  yet  rarely  unexciting.|Way of progression reminds me of how, not that long ago, parents in Finland taught children to swim.|By rowing  out  to the lake,  followed  by giving the young ones  the option  to either  swim back ashore or see a glimpse of the light in the end of the tunnel. The tutorial is great, it dosen't leave you  feeling  lost,      you  know  excactly  where to swim  but  you were never blessed  with the opportunity to feel  the water.   Proven by the very early choices that sucker-punches you in the face.  Because of those choices I am still uncertain if I accidentally swallowed too  much water. ||Mixed with complex, involving gameplay and constantly new consequenses caused by my sometimes moral, sometimes actions based on survival.Choose between trusting your dad to save you from drowning or when he does, pushing him underwater just so you can rest and hope to gain enough momentum to make it back to shore."
,Recommended,443810,24673570,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Deadbus,Short and simple - you have to play this game since it is prolly only one of the few games this year worth your money.
,Not Recommended,443810,24725744,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,nano.Luo Tianyi,"Choice is an illusion. Freedom is a lie.At first, it seems to be an adventure game first then simulation game second, but the truth is the exact opposite.You are given a role of a Chief of Police caught in a very hard position to be in. Between the mobs, the mayor, and the mysterious vigilante with their own agenda. And no, you cannot wiggle out of it. You are dead set in this role. You try to play a straight cop and you will be dead before you reach 3 hours of gameplay.You cannot try to consolidate power in the police force to stand up to others either, you are forced in a role of everybody's ♥♥♥♥♥ all at once and you have to like it and everything will go to hell and bad guys will get away with everything because this is a noir story.Noir is really not my cup of tea, but I can deal with it. What turns me off most is that you are forced in many ways to do whatever the game wants you to do and in doing do will set you where exactly the game wants you to be. You are given limited amount of freedom which barely amounts to anything except the fluff. The freedom you are given in your management became a routine and will quickly turn into a drudgery.If you love noir story, the bleak feeling of despair, and the helplessness. You will love it.For me. The atmosphere is too much to bear, and the gameplay does not redeem it, only makes it worse."
76561198039207745,Recommended,443810,26443446,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,[=FEH=] Puma D. Ace,"In general a nice game, thou it's kinda repetitive. Ending more disappointing than ME 3. I´ll rate it 6/10."
,Recommended,443810,28280915,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Chaonix,"Really unique, stylish...and fun game. One of the better experiences in my gaming history."
,Recommended,443810,24686485,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,SirMurksALot,When you realize the voice actor for the main character is Duke Nukem...10/10
76561197970496311,Recommended,443810,24701779,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,CapnARRR,"Social Justice Warriors who work for unscrupulous and supposed ""gamer oriented"" news publications were offended by this game.  I would have otherwise ignored it, but now that they have brought it to my attention and are once again outraged by a game's existence, I bought it for good measure.I was forced to play the game for five minutes before posting this review so I'm letting it sit in the background running while I write this.  I hope it was worth once again pretending to be upset about faux social issues that don't concern the journalists who write them to make that paycheck.  Looks like 5 minutes are up."
76561198017676240,Recommended,443810,24686162,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Codeine Dundee☭,Just.. One.. More.. Day..
76561198041748849,Not Recommended,443810,31641321,Posted: 9 May,all,noognag,I wanted to like the game but the ending is just really really bad. It starts out very interesting but gets grindy and your decisions are meaningless in the end.
76561198036813209,Not Recommended,443810,24834862,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,eggshell,"Was loving this game until, at day 168, I got a Labor Union Formal complaint for nothing (had alreadyeliminated the mafiaand stopped doing questionable things involving officers well before this day) that wiped out all but two of my detectives (most of whom I'd had since the beginning of the game and were actually good) and all of my competent officers. So I was left with a paltry sum of cops, unable to take care of any crime without them getting killed, and unable toinvestigate most of the people that would help in the final assault against city hall.I had a great time getting here, but I never want to pick this game up again. I read the endings and am honestly glad I didn't bother finishing. Uninstalled. Good job Weappy, you really did a fantastic job at messing up a good game."
,Recommended,443810,24791902,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Topsy,I can apprehend a suspect by shooting her in the head. Probably the most realistic game in its class at the moment. 10/10
76561197991751665,Recommended,443810,24698186,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,I-Know-My-Rights!,One of the best games for  $15. It's addicting and quite long. Can't wait until sandbox mode comes out! Highly recommend!
,Recommended,443810,25223083,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Jackofirer,The game is great
76561198050670947,Recommended,443810,24710958,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Mister Savage,"Once you play this game, you will understanding this when I say. God Damn Eddie's Burgers."
,Not Recommended,443810,25584309,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,77th | Rec | Larkarsas,"i found this game to be very repetive, you can only play through it once, the detective cases never change and all your cops, will die at the slightest touch, city hall tries to screw you over every turn, and gives missions that dont make any sence."
76561197965582361,Not Recommended,443810,32664757,Posted: 22 June,all,The Stasi,"Could have been great, twice as long as it should be for the same ending no matter what you do."
,Not Recommended,443810,24841471,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Zacronzer,"well the only yhing you can do is to help the mafia, but why aren't there a path for decent honest police, rather then corrupting. you only get to choose which side won, varga or sand which again, not what i wanted, i thought this is a management sim which allow you to get a lot of path, more ending then this and ability to carve your path. but it seems its more of a personal story about a cop getting corrupt as he is helpless with the situation he is in"
,Not Recommended,443810,25057159,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Lumi,"It took me almost 17h to finish the game and for almost 10 of them, I couldn't stop thinking about the positive review I was going to write along with a thumbs up. Yet once more, I found myself playing a game I thouroughly enjoyed early on, only to start hating it the moment I was reaching close to the end.The game is divided in three main sections. Whilst everything is new in the first section and interest is high, the game is just great. One can see alot of effort and time went into producing this gem and I cannot find any fault with the first 5h or so.Then starts the second stage, in which most tools are known to you and somehow the devs started to spread out the story and you start experiencing with full force, the tediousnouss and repetitiveness of the base gameplay that is managing your squad on a daily basis. The game only kept me playing for this long and up until the end, due to it actually not being a rogue like game, but actually being fully handcrafted. There is indeed no repeat scenario or request that the police department gets. Yet the second part of the game would have been better if shortened by one or even two hours of gameplay. In the end, story is what kept me going and it was just too far apart at that point, making me frustrated.Then started the decent into the third part that is just where everything went to hell. I made a choice at some point at the beginning of this part that might have been the cause of this, or it could simply be because it was winter and snowy, but I started to lose up to 4 cops aper day to car crashes. Now this is just ridiculous. If it's a direct consequence of that choice, then I'd like to point out that in real world physics the choice I made had no way of influencing the cars in a way that they would lead to mortal accidents. If it isn't a consequence then the reasoning behind it is a mystery to me and it shouldn't happen. It just turned the game unfair as I couldn't replace my dead cops fast enough due to the labour market offering less new workforce, than the car massacre I had on my hands.To add more negatives to all this, the last faction that is there to ""offer services"" is just useless, or once more its intricacies have just not been explained well enough. Same with the investigations that were becoming unlogical in their resolution and whenever the lead investigator got killed in a car crash (which was out of my control) I would lose the ability to arrest the suspect and had to trash the case instead of chosing another lead. Besides stupid for a game it's not even realistic. But neither are 20 deadly police car crashes in less than 10 days...Yeah, so that's what changed my mind. I loved the game so much at start, even felt the price was correct for a new game and I think I got my money's worth, yet the realism and immersion from the start, just turned into illogical nonensense at the end and it made me regret. If only the end could have been up to par. Even the different story arcs never get a conclusion and everything ends up in a big confusing mess. If I would have known, I wouldn't have bought the game after all. A shame really. It looked like it could have been Indie game of the year, but it missed it by far due to its inconsistent quality."
76561198322621598,Not Recommended,443810,26334548,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,DivusErhicaeus,"soon would be boring, paper please is better"
,Not Recommended,443810,24771830,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Z_nyo,"(Please excuse my bad english...hope you get the point.)This is my first review...and I HAVE TO write it.Very promising premise, that's why I bought it on day one of its release. Spent 10 hours playing and  I regretted my purchase (should have gone with fallout new vegas instead) for these reasons :1. The game is quite linear2. 911 calls and detective investigations can be very easy to solve, and after a while they can be very repetitive (BORINGGG)3. The management side of the game can be very shallow, after you've got your rosters of police and detectives up to a good number, everything can be done without too much thinking.4. The story is interesting, but not enough progression to keep me interested. The developer throw some story progression after you're doing a certain number of days, but then you quickly back to your routines and the game becomes repetitive again.5. Not enough 911 calls variety, too formulaic, nothing interesting after a while.I haven't finished the game, up to this point I am at day 96, and have little desire to continue. Maybe I have to take a break and pick it up later.This game is Ok for casual gamer but the repetitive gameplay can get in the way."
,Recommended,443810,24838041,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Panarchie,"Its a fun game, but i know its not for everyone."
,Recommended,443810,25019583,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,MaxwellsDemon,"You know what?I'm gonna take down the mafia and the mayor while making 500,000 grand in the process. In 6 months. Right under their noses."
,Not Recommended,443810,24729052,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Jinx,"Extremely linear story and gameplay, which means the 'adventure' aspect is a complete lie and the decisions you make have little to no impact as to what happens in the later game sessions. You cannot complete the game as a good or neutral cop, if you ignore the mafia you're killed very quickly, and if you refuse to obey the corrupt politicians you're going to have your budget cut to the point it's impossible to finish. If you're looking to play as the good guy and actually want to protect and serve, this is not the game for you."
,Recommended,443810,24771805,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,KeyGW,"This is honestly the best game I've played in a while. Great content and story, challenging enough that it's fun but not impossible. 10/10 would become a corrupt cop again"
,Not Recommended,443810,27714012,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Abigyil,"""Whatever you decide, your choices will influence the game"" ahahahahahahahahah. Pull the other one, it has bells on.Seriously though, I don't even consider this a game. Most of my time was taken up watching the """"""""story"""""""" play out via long cutscenes -that I had no influence over whatsoever- with brief intermissions to play the police dispatcher minigame. and it did feel like a minigame to me, just something to kill time till the next long cutscene starts.And from what I saw your decisions don't matter at all. Not to post spoilers but early on you come to a fork in the road. I chose to turn left, the game decided to turn right instead and carried on as if I hadn't made a choice at all. Why even present me with a choice -the first actual choice given btw- if you are just going to choose for me?!"
,Not Recommended,443810,30686163,Posted: 23 March,all,Nianj,"This game is interesting but it's about 2 hours of actual story surrounded by 18 hours of sitting staring at a screen and doing some time management which was pretty simple. The story was good, and the investigations thing was a nice idea, but most of the game was fluff and not worth the money."
,Not Recommended,443810,33266040,Posted: 5 July,all,aetkas001,"The gameplay starts out fun but gets repetitive fast. The story was great up until the end were it just leaves you dissappointed. The only thing that had me going after the first 8 hours was the story, so I was really dissappointed with how bad the ending was. The gameplay becomes really boring, hard, and tedious where you are up against RNG for whether or not you will have enough resources to do certain missions. Honestly at the last few days I didn't even repsond to calls becuase I wanted to get to the end of the game and see the ending as fast as possible.Overall would not reccommend."
,Recommended,443810,24772437,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,RE_Stringer,If you have time to kill and you are looking for something to do.. A very fun game.
76561198032402716,Not Recommended,443810,25334341,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,ian2359,"The investigation are poorly designed, they don't resolve with logic.I dislike rearranging the frames randomly in hopes that the investigation resolves.It feels like driving a car and always crashing in a wall, unless you press a random secret button.To me, that is poor design.Otherwise, the game is fine, unless you consider that no matter the path, your character ends up humiliated and failing at his goal.I would not buy this game again, and I would not gift it."
76561198088862513,Not Recommended,443810,32145808,Posted: 2 June,all,baudzilla,"I don't play video games to listen to the music. I don't really care about the cut-away scenes. I just want to play the game. The problem is that the actual game-play mechanics are incredibly weak, unfulfilling, and ultimately unfun. A bubble pops up and says a crime has been committed. You dispatch one or more police officers from your roster. That is, for all intents and purposes, it.I purchased it during a half-off sale, and after one game, I would like a refund."
,Recommended,443810,28638527,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,HappyHurtzlickn,"Good game, though a little messed up.  You need a shower after every session. Haha"
,Recommended,443810,28480076,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,!joker,This game is great. Once you start its really hard to stop. Definitely has some great storyline and the cases are interesting too.
76561198043306820,Not Recommended,443810,31964972,Posted: 25 May,all,Red.Queen,"Interesting premise but lackluster execution -- I wanted to like it, but it falls flat.  I'd rate it a 5/10 for those who want a numerical score.The core mechanics lack depth -- deal out the cops in your shift ""deck"", with a little light risk calculation on number and quality of responders to send at a given time, do the occasional (glaringly obvious what the right choices are) ""choose your own adventure"" moment in a call from time to time, and solve the occasional ""arrange the cards in order"" mystery-solving and that's about it.  Oh and wait.  You will do a *lot* of that, as the little flashing lights of your squad cars creep to and from calls, or you grind your teeth waiting for your clueless detectives to struggle to bring you new puzzle pieces for a given mystery.Speaking of the detectives and mysteries, I have to stop to take a moment to mention the irritating way these seem to have been balanced.  For normal cops, the game claims that a rating of 150 is ""basic competence"".  But detectives are another story.  Detectives with a skill rating under about 500 seem to be borderline helpless.  I consistently had cases sit with no progress for weeks no matter how many under-500 detectives I had on it until I called in my 1000 point star detective for yet another day of overtime once he'd single-handedly cracked his own case to come clean up their mess.  And he'd usually do so within 48 hours of being brought in to troubleshoot the stalled investigation, despite being sleep-deprived.  I enjoyed the first few mysteries as a welcome break from the growing tedium of the normal management gameplay until about the third or fourth one, where suddenly only the highest-skill detectives could get anything done in under ~3 weeks of gametime.  For a game that lasts 180 days, hiking the requirements that high by day 30 seems ill thought out, as it's not enough time to level your stable of detectives that high yet.If the narrative side of things were exceptionally strong, it would offset the weak, overstretched mechanics to an extent, but it's not.  The story starts with a flurry of events getting everything moving and building tension, then peters off into long stretches of nothing, mixed in with the occasional odd, out of character behavior coming suddenly out of left field -- the star example and about where the game lost me was Boyd inexplicably deciding that his first move on waking up from a month-long coma after getting jumped by thugs was... blowing his stash on a sports car, flashy clothes, and a toupee.  (Seriously.)  Otherwise, the narration and dialogue is textbook purple prose, reading like an amateurish attempt at mimicking film noire.On a side note relating to style -- any devs who do a Kickstarter or other Early Access program where contributors can name things, exercise some controls on this, please.  When I see characters like ""Farty McDuck"" (yep, he's in the game) pop up in the roster of what's supposed to be a grim crime drama, it undermines the tone ever so slightly.  Or add a ""joke mode"" or hide them as easter eggs or something.TL;DR -- Good story idea, mediocre execution, shallow mechanics that you'll fully explore in 1-2 hours in a game that's 10-15 hours long.  Pass."
,Recommended,443810,24681653,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,b17Nate,"It is a great, fun, and kind of dank game that has a great story. The only think I would have wished to have in the story is to not get involved in corruption to be an option. Other than that, it is great, but one think that i think would be awesome is a freeplay mode."
76561198036477697,Recommended,443810,24689435,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,MayorOverFourThousand,HARD GAME!
76561198223905280,Not Recommended,443810,25731351,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Danny Devito,"Frame rate dropped severely about 1/3 of the way through the game, makes the game much less fun."
76561198049267744,Not Recommended,443810,25500758,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,dickin'dots,"Playing this game is like reading a choose your own adventure with only one ending.  A few options will give you the illusion of choice, but there was no effort given in writing a story where choices had consequences. it seems that all the effort was put into the rotoscoped animation in the intro and the outtro, other than that, the missions/reports give you a bunch of clever benign anecdotes that give you three options mostly nothing really matters, but every now and again making the wrong choice will get everyone killed.  Thats the thick and skinny of it, don't play this game, and especially don't replay this game, i wont be regretting that and neither should you, there is nothing to redeem here.  Cute sad story about a police chief who has to be corrupt because the game designer thinks its edgier to force choices that dont really matter."
,Not Recommended,443810,28865547,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Ylang - Ylang,"Sandbox was promised to be released on September, already December, nearly 2k17 January... and still no sandbox!I reported bugs, they were not fixed, I checked the links for who made the game, and most are pretty quiet, or even completely dead. They dont even say or publish anything here, lets face it, the game is dead, and its done! I regreat purchase. The only reason why I bought it is to have a sandbox managing game, where I fight crime, add new units, upgrade them, buy new stuff etc., reading plenty of people comments, they bought the game for exactly the same reason. I would refund it, if I didnt have that many hours played, and if you ask me why did I play... to see if this game gets better, it doesnt. Everything is scripted, fixed, its one of these games which you complete once, and forget about it. Add sanbox mode! Noone cares about new language versions, dont waste money, or worktime for something that meaningless! Sandbox mode should be a priority!SCAMMERS alert, stay away from it! It should be taken of the Steam store."
76561198038302560,Recommended,443810,31580883,Posted: 6 May,all,ShufflingMonkey,game pictures and video speaks for itself.what you see is what you get.i love this game. i highly recommend this game to anyone looking for something different.
,Recommended,443810,24801122,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Liquid_Ocelot,Fun gameplay! And the story is pretty interesting!
,Recommended,443810,24809319,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Spooky PauSeen,I got a 60 year old officer gunned down for not doing illegal things >-<
,Recommended,443810,24692233,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Abarlow,great woulld like more rng though but the game is great 8/10
,Recommended,443810,24698860,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,ElevatedThought86,"Had it on my wishlist for awhile, got it as soon as it came out. Even better than I imagined, which is a rarity when it comes to games. The stories good, the play's good. In the future I hope they expand it so you have story mode (Which is the game right now). And a sandbox mode, where you can run a department, investigate anyone in the city, crooked mayor/politicians, mobsters, gangsters ect, with no time cap. Seeing if you can keep crime in check, seeing how long you reign as chief can go."
,Recommended,443810,24694403,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Hyde,SOOOOOOOO GOOOOOOOD!Great story and fun gameplay.
76561198023598497,Recommended,443810,24694916,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,MourningStar,"You play as an aging old-time police chief on the cusp of his life falling apart, set it what looks like the late 70s early 80s. So expect the colorful and comic styling of Cop Shows from that era. The art is done wonderfuly, and you can skip cutscenes you have already seen. There is also enough content to be able to play through it a couple of times, but again, the same story persists no matter the choices you make. I wish there was a sandbox mode, or even the ability to alter the story with your choices, the game still plays really well.I don't know if it is quite worth 15 bucks due to the lack of an adaptive story, so get it when it is on sale and you won't regret buying the game for the couple play-throughs you get. Overall I recommend the game if you like macro-management and 80s era police humor."
,Recommended,443810,24696112,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Combocookie [BE] Hail GabeN,It's a strategy game with moral choices and the story of a police chief. It's interesting to play for a while.
76561198066745148,Not Recommended,443810,24989024,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,glorious inhuman machine,The ending is total disappointment. One 10 min ending wiped out the whole point of playing this game. You try to think hard on every little choice you are about to make when in the end nothing of it matters...
,Recommended,443810,24994192,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Alexei Druganov,For all you wannabe sadistic police chiefs.
,Not Recommended,443810,24837763,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Major Alex Louis Armstrong,i can't recommend this game solely based on the fact that the ending is so unsatisfying that it makes my blood boil
,Recommended,443810,25578324,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Semag | FR,Excellent story telling
76561198018910266,Recommended,443810,30708255,Posted: 24 March,all,Spirit of Madness,Awesome game.
76561198088478880,Not Recommended,443810,24950988,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,strange_forever,"I am really on the edge with this game. It was engaging and a lot of fun on the most part. The story was really interesting as well.However. The ending is extremely disappointing. For a game that places a lot of emphasis on choices and what kind of cop you'll be, it might have been nice to see this reflected in the ending. I won't go into too much detail, but I got to the end and I felt as though I had completely wasted a week of my life. Some reflection of your choices would have been good..."
,Recommended,443810,25181128,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Velvet Sphincter,The fact that this game isn't being praised by more people shows how out of touch video game bloggers are.
,Not Recommended,443810,26110646,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Danger Dangle,"I'm dissappointed in the lack of choice. It's the SAME thing every play through... If your character get's himself killed or you wipe out half your force sending em' to a call, just restart the game. Every call is the same every play through, you start with the same cops, you're given the same demands, etc. etc. And it all leads to the same end. I feel like the management part of the game is just to keep you occupied long enough for them to justify paying their writers and voice actors a healthy sum and to charge you $15.I'd be fine with it if there were a sandbox more or something, but once you make it to the end there's literally no reason to play through it again.,"
76561198053605305,Recommended,443810,30086282,Posted: 21 February,all,bone,"Only buy if on sale. Amazing gameplay, story but your dollar to time value isn't gonna pull its weight."
,Recommended,443810,32685988,Posted: 23 June,all,cp2yaxzc,"This game is a masterpiece. The RNG just makes the game perfect. You never know what happens next, all of your cops could be dead in an ""easy"" mission. The game would be much better if city hall didn't exist."
,Recommended,443810,25522967,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,fireant12345,lit fam
76561198039051867,Recommended,443810,24832321,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Licopolis,One of the best noire games ever.Lots of easter eggs pointing to both real and fictional personalities. Believable stories. There's only one disappointment: noire can't end good. There's always some bitter aftertaste.
76561198032778168,Not Recommended,443810,24986376,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,macca,"so ive stuck with thisgame for about 12 hours or so, and i reckon ive given it a fair go.Although the premise is promising, in reality this a boring but addictive game. The story has moments of being interesting, but these are padded out between really long sessions of what someone else here has aptly described as a mini game- which is directing which cops go where. Sometimes the game creates added on difficulty, such as at the start of the game with the gang warfare, however this is really tedious as this part of the game presents nearly no challenge at all. The only real fun parts of the game are solving the investigations, but even this is prety shallow. About half way thru there is the oppurtunity to solve a serial killer case, but in my game, one of my own cops ratted me out halfway thru the quest, and so i had to sit on the sidelines which was actually really really boring. TBH thats where they lost me.The main problem with this game is that none of the main elements go far enough- the strategic part of the game requires nearly no skill or strategy, the cases arent that difficult, and the story elements are too far and few between.i would give this game 4/10."
,Recommended,443810,24997777,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,alximik,Amazing
,Not Recommended,443810,25031842,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Cerulean,"Couldn't wait for this to come out having seen some youtubers play it, but was so disappointed... It got so boring I found myself enjoying the tetris and poker mini games more than the main story, and the ending was such a smack in the face I was annoyed with myself for sticking it out.  The storlyine is relentlessly negative, and the gameplay leaves a lot to be desired, so it gets a thumbs down from me."
76561198282842460,Not Recommended,443810,28385394,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,romain,"Really disapointing. You don't really have to manage anyhing, there are no real challenges. I don't mind doing the same stuff over and over again, but only if I can appreciate that stuff at least a little bit. Here you have to wait an unsufferable amount of time before getting to the fun part, and the fun part is not that fun. The game is really story heavy, wich I don't mind as long as the story is told properly, and pretends your choices will matter, but they don't really, and the story is a lot of clichés glued together. After a while the voice of the guy you're playing as is the most unbearable thing. The voice acting is♥♥♥♥♥♥ with a special mention to the mayor and to the vilain, who are so over the top sometimes that it just shuts off any connections you could have with them. I don't mean to disrespect anyone but that's the truth. The story itself is told in a way that doesn't aloow you to have any connections towards anybody in this game. I felt closer to the cops I trained wich aren't developped at all!Anyway, not a good game."
76561198200165997,Recommended,443810,30238445,Posted: 28 February,all,Ginsy~,GET ON THE GROUND NOW!!!!
76561198374103469,Recommended,443810,30687688,Posted: 23 March,all,foxcat8116,10/10 would police brutality feminists again
76561198093433638,Not Recommended,443810,33801446,Posted: 25 July,all,tatellrton,"Do note that the story element and art are extremely exaggerated in the promotional material above. This is a glorified air traffic controller type management game you could get on your phone for .99cents, with a 1 minute cut scene thrown in for every hour of gameplay. Not surprisingly, like most games where the player is given a ""choice"", your options are morally binary, with the game punishing you for going too far into the extremes of ""good"" or ""evil"". Its tired, its simplistic, and its boring. There is very little comedy or action to spice things up, the funniest part is the irony of the cynical story in the context of how childlike and naive its understanding of politics and morality are. But more importantly for you, its slow paced, cookie cutter, and boring as hell. 3/10"
,Recommended,443810,25001030,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Matthew Canada Williams,"Best game 2016,I can ignore a feminist riot,a black riot,but go in with Guns and Tear Gas against the Gays.Jokes aside,it's a great,deep game behind an interesting concept."
76561198285154290,Recommended,443810,25322093,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,上传说好难,we need chinesse！
76561198007978316,Recommended,443810,24716846,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,brucemnear,"Very fun game, love the design.  It just flows.... good job guysAs an addendum, I've finished the game and had a blast completing it the first time.  Now I'm looking forward to playing it again just a little differently to see how any subtle changes I make may affect my out come.Don't be discouraged by those who say there isn't any choices.  You have choices, you just have to live with the consequences. 8)"
,Recommended,443810,24721378,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,POCHINKI IS MY CITY,Overall good game. Few wee quirks but nothing game breaking. Would easilly recommend to everyone.
76561198094164254,Recommended,443810,32842574,Posted: 26 June,all,TIDDYBLASTER9000,"This is the worst game I have ever played. This game is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, and the people who made it are going to hell.This is the best game ever 10/10"
,Recommended,443810,27648404,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,✪jM,Jack is Dead :(
,Recommended,443810,30133311,Posted: 23 February,all,Cawpikolo,"The game is worth the money I suppose since I spent enough time on it. It's challenging at first but easily loses steam after maybe the 60th day or when the dentist serial killer is caught. I am on day 90 and have a large staff with 400 or more professionalism. At this point I already solved all the crime cases and if a crime case ever appears it is solved within 2-3 days. There's really not much else to do since I have all the money jack needs and I'm barely reaching halfway through the game. The rest of the time is filled with a few newspaper clippings as story cinematics start becoming more rare. Now they have 6-7 or more days of just monotonous drag and dropping until the day ends. If I could give this game a ""meh"" I would since it's not good or bad."
76561198272741988,Recommended,443810,26513873,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Dante814,"what a game! the jazz,the comics, really enjoying my life in freeburg."
76561198063035607,Recommended,443810,25738502,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,"Я знаю, садись",10 Troy Starrov is 10
76561197971289536,Not Recommended,443810,26526451,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,EasyAce,Repetitive.Too long talking sequencesNo actualy choices - linear storyIf/when you die you'll have to start over doing (almost) the same
76561197968613068,Recommended,443810,25959944,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,superjim315,"Interesting game, although a bit quirky. Not much replayability as of yet. Once you finish the campaign, you can either replay it and lose your previous save data or well...read the comic... It'd be nice for a different way to play the game such as a sandbox mode or some other point of view... All I can say is, if I and another officer refused to go on a call at my job, we would be relieved of duty effective immediately... Happens pretty frequently in this game though... Still the story is decent."
,Recommended,443810,28673028,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,mox<33n,"i ♥♥♥♥in love it, it can get dark which was reasonably unexpected for me. I wasn't expecting this game to manage withholding a story that was captivating but it surprises. Also, the music is top class."
76561198042009736,Recommended,443810,28702973,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Blind Gardener,"I, for one, quite like it."
,Not Recommended,443810,28799032,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Deftilsteve,"I really liked this game at first. It was the type of game I was looking to play. The atmosphere is great. The gameplay was casual and enjoyable. Everything was going swimmingly at first.But then it just stopped being fun. I felt like I couldn't play the game the way I wanted to. I tried to go with (what I felt) was the flow if the game, but that didn't work. I tried being a good cop, but that didn't work either. No matter what, the challenges of the game seemed more like ridiculous, annoying obstacles to enjoying it more than anything else. I'm having trouble responding to all of the crime in the city because I don't have enough police officers? City Hall says I get even fewer officers. I'm trying my best to keep things together in the shockingly corrupt city of Freeburg? I'm told I've been found guilty of corruption and that they are docking my pay by NINETY percent and cutting my police force by FIFTY percent (because they think overstaffing is part of the problem lol)... again, when I already have the problem of not having enough cops to respond to all the city's crime. Ok. But how am I going to enjoy the game now? It was already unenjoyable due to feeling like I didn't have enough officers to properly play the game. I wasn't, so I stopped playing.A couple days go by and I'm looking for a game to play. I reluctantly decide to pick This Is The Police back up. Maybe I can do a new playthrough applying everything I learned from my previous playthrough and have a better experience. I can't be asked to still through all the game's cutscenes/ cinematics (which were mostly cool the first time around, but can really start to drag on, and I'm over it, man) so I skip them. I get killed and get a game over before I get even remotely close to where I was in the first playthrough.I do not like this game."
76561198071393388,Not Recommended,443810,28211220,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Mr Strings,"--------------Spoiler Alert------------------ maybe?The description for this game states,""Decisions, decisions! This Is the Police is all about a dark story and how you react to it. Whatever you decide, your choices will influence the game – and the fate of Jack Boyd.""In the end, it makes very little choice what choices you make, presuming you dont die, there are only 2 all but identical endings  (whether  you did the right  thing or not is irrelevent),  and they are kind of depressing."
76561198136246474,Recommended,443810,28916674,Posted: 1 January,all,MrPrank1233,This is the review
,Not Recommended,443810,26551193,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Pastah,"The game is incredibly hard. I assumed this game would be like XCOM where you have customizable cops like the soldiers and squads in XCOM, but you end up having undesirables in your force. You are given a quest to fire all of them, which helps out, but your dumb human resources hiring manager keeps offering you undesirables for hire. Together with your cops dying on the job, quiting, etc, and where it is very hard to come by white male cops for hire, it is hard to keep a proper force to continue in the game. Buy this game if want a challenge for a proper simulation of how hard it is in the real world to have a homogenous force, otherwise stay away."
,Recommended,443810,29046082,Posted: 5 January,all,tearfromthered,A very relaxing and classy tycoon sort of game. The concept is very unique and so is the visual. There is also a great story hidden in there. Sadly the gameplay gets a bit repetitive after a few hours but I still do not regret buying it.
76561198085639604,Recommended,443810,28756801,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Totti^,koichi died ♥♥♥♥ this game
,Recommended,443810,28720011,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Klockmann,"Great game, great concept.But could need a bit more gameplay when managing the patrols."
,Not Recommended,443810,28734484,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,jdgan212,I kept getting penalized by city hall once every 2-3 days in game.
,Not Recommended,443810,28741855,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Roady,You can die for unclear reasons that you cannot even fix by restarting from a previous save game.
,Recommended,443810,31491759,Posted: 1 May,all,52,Pretty cool little strategy game. Learn to sniff out what are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t calls so your officers aren't stretched thin on calls.
,Recommended,443810,33505021,Posted: 13 July,all,Fiona,tried to be a clean copgot killed instead
,Recommended,443810,27553861,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Gbarker2000,"Very fun game, but it is unfortuntely limited. Eventually, it gets repititive and tasks become less and less satisfying to complete. Certainly worth getting on sale as the investigation gameplay is really fun."
76561198116173964,Recommended,443810,27586408,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,lpschue4,Love the story one best game I have played!
76561197983666879,Recommended,443810,27544368,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Pappnase,"Pretty entertaining alternative adventure, but after a while it get's really repetitive, especially when the main character's story doesn't develop for quite a while."
76561198289534242,Recommended,443810,27594905,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Micmac,Voice acting and story are pretty good. But the gameplay itself is painfully boring. Only buy on sale.
76561197979328593,Recommended,443810,27595008,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Bakkrosa,"A loving and atmospheric story-driven police simulator that follows a veteran police chief through the final days of his tenure. A great 20-40 hour experience, with great art direction in general and voice and music in particular. A must-play for those who love gritty police dramas, noir monologues, or ethically challenging games."
,Recommended,443810,27606302,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,tuhamburglar79,Its a good game and fun. Great story. but it is a slog in the middle
,Recommended,443810,27196936,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Grzegorz Brzęczyszczykiewicz,This game is very atmospheric with good sense of humour.
76561198057620573,Recommended,443810,24680195,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,"Yeah, I Vape.","TL;DR: Buy it, it's good. Cool art style. Great voice acting with a killer soundtrack.So, where to start with this? I'm really not the best writer and for the number of games I own I don't review many. Usually only the ones that have seriously impressed me or seriously disappointed me. This has seriously impressed me. Now, I've been waiting for this game ever since I heard about it a few months back and honestly? I was worried I'd overhyped it in my mind to myself but I didn't. I underhyped it. This game is everything I could have wanted and more.I think the most obvious thing about this game is the art style. It's so basic and impressionistic but uses bold colours and shapes to form people, buildings and everything else you see. It lends itself to the feeling of an old timey cop/detective movie. It's really great and I love it. It works for the game. Not every game could use this, but for what the developer has gone for this art style is perfect.Next is the voice acting. The voice acting is spot on. Everyone has the voice you would expect them to have. The Chief of Police who you play as has the voice of an weary old guy who's every word makes it clear he's tired of his work and really just fits him. The Mafia boss has that sleek, gravelly voice you'd expect from some mafia don from a movie. The mayor sounds like the uppity posh bast*** that he is. The voice acting is everything this should be.The soundtrack. The soundtrack is amazing. You can purchase or unlock more songs as the story progresses and they include smooth jazz to relaxing classical music from the likes of Beethoven.This game isn't short either. There's 180 days until your retirement and you have to work through them all and you can't skip them, and you'll need every single day if you're to complete your objective of gaining a good nest egg for your retirment, be it by doing everything above board and relying on bonuses etc or by selling your services to the mafia and other third-parties.This game was £12.59 when I bought it on sale but full price it's £13.99 as of this review and honestly, it's worth every penny and more. Originally I had thought it would be a couple of hours of fun that I'd have a little bit of fun with but I can honestly see myself investing a 100+ hours trying to complete the game in various ways. This game might not be for everyone but for those of you are ever so slightly interested/intrigued by the concept of this game I think you'll love it and you're robbing yourself of an experience if you don't even try the game. Seriously, buy it and play it for an hour or two. If you don't love it you can always refund it for not being what you thought it would be but I don't see that happening, this game is great and every aspect of it has been done well. Weappy Studios have earned their money with this game. Every. Single. Penny."
,Recommended,443810,25437396,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,arken,MUST HAVE!
76561198027845400,Not Recommended,443810,31954184,Posted: 25 May,all,Shuffleblade,"This game has very good story and characters but the gamplay is mundane, simple and repetetive, therefore gameplay is boring. After 2 hours+ the game starts feeling like ""work"" keep track of messages(quests) which dates you are supposed to do what and do the actions in the right order the right days. This is not hard at all, it is exceedingly simple, as long as you keep staring at your checklist of what to do and follow it, check the date and so on. Pretty much work, do the simple tasks when you are told to over and over."
,Recommended,443810,25509604,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Nightflux,This is a great indie game. Good Story and actually has replay value 9/10
,Not Recommended,443810,34798351,Posted: 7 September,all,vicco04,Not funI cant complete the 180 days so i cant unlock sandbox :(
76561198012504625,Recommended,443810,28959071,Posted: 2 January,all,Britaius,"A small, but unusual game with rich noir narrative, robust but stylish visual and excellent voice acting and astonishing music selection. While most of the game is actually just about sending cops to the missions, described with a small text block and sometimes advising actions on a crime scenes, the main story is interesting and captivating (and a bit grotesque, but it's noir after all)."
76561198132476688,Recommended,443810,24720493,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Alf,"This game is not at all what I expected, and that is both a good and a bad thing. I was expecting an in depth police simulator with some light story elements. Instead I found an in depth story experience with some light police simulator elements.The story really sucks you in, I just wish the gaps between story elements weren't so big. I'm about 15 hours in now and there are countless days where you just go about your normal police business. In theory this is fine, but after an hour or two you've seen everything that the standard police management has to offer.The police management is basic and gets old very quickly. I don't find the daily tasks them particularly challenging or interesting. For the most part it's quite easy to get plenty of money while keeping everyone happy.Don't get me wrong this is a great game but it just becomes tedious, like the devs have artificially increased the length of the game through grind. I don't know if I'll actually end up finishing the game, I want to see the story through but at the moment the game feels like a chore.The reason why I'm recommending the game is mostly value for money. I really enjoyed the early hours of the game and it isn't that expensive for what it is."
,Not Recommended,443810,24822733,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,■́͢͠͞͏■͏̶̛͟■͢͠,no
,Recommended,443810,29392803,Posted: 21 January,all,Bmorekareful,"The story is a little meh, but the management part is really good stuff.  You're running a police dept and and sending your cops to different crimes and they level up.  The art style and music are really cool too."
76561198105142434,Not Recommended,443810,34423499,Posted: 22 August,all,Henry De lesquen,The game is good at the beggining but when you see the end you just feel like you wasted all your time as there is no positive ending possible ( i understand the fact that there are negative endings but devs could have at least put one positive ending) .
76561198025394635,Recommended,443810,24964654,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Cpt.Selva[Hk] - Off for Concurso,"A bit ""stand still"" in it's core, but it's definely worth when it comes to the story, decision features, music tracks, game lenght and visual arts.Very recommended."
,Recommended,443810,24866399,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Maximus Meanieus Mortalus,Very satisfiying story and perfect user interface.
76561197971292047,Not Recommended,443810,31011817,Posted: 8 April,all,Capt Jack Doicy,"Though I enjoyed the mechanics of the gameplay, the story really gets in the way of the fun. There are these long cut scenes before each day that slow the game down. However even those are tolerable the biggest problem is that you are railroad into playing the game as a dirty cop. If you don't do jobs for the mafia they will kill you quite quickly within a few days. This could be a great game with some more development and greater player choice."
76561198027558575,Not Recommended,443810,31007630,Posted: 7 April,all,Balderdasherer,"The gameplay itself is great if you like resource management and light police simulation.  Unfortunately, the game falls apart through its lack of choice - you literally cannot choose to be a good police chief and finish the game, which you have to do in order to unlock the newly added 'sandbox mode' which would allow you to do just that.  Thumbs down until they unlock sandbox mode from the start, neutral once they do, and thumbs up if they ever add a story option for playing a not-totally-corrupt police chief."
,Not Recommended,443810,34087435,Posted: 7 August,all,ible,"You don't have any real choices, its a linear story with an unhappy ending."
76561198043868529,Not Recommended,443810,25897348,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Pragmatic,"The game hooked me at first, with interesting choices and narrative. Sadly, for the last fourth of the game things become way too easy in the daily activities and the detective missions are only hard because of artificial moments when detectives don’t find the missing piece of evidence. Most of all, the endings are completely insulting and leave a bitter taste when I thought I would be getting true choices"
76561198093113782,Not Recommended,443810,32774737,Posted: 25 June,all,RedCats55,"I don't find the storyline very interesting, and there's just not enough options to pick. It's unfortunate because I really thought I would've liked the game, but I find myself skipping a huge chunk of the story narrative in general. :("
76561198031739215,Recommended,443810,24697326,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Junk Masterson,"This Is the Police is a game of cliches' that has you constantly suspending belief as it takes you day to day in the life of an obnoxious geriatric police chief.  The game is enjoyable and addicting.  The management and puzzle aspects are actually great, the music and cuts scenes are cute, but the story has you constantly suspending belief and is nothing but cliche after cliche' after cliche'.  That being said, there is a part of this game you can't help but love.My suggestion would be to get rid of the story mode and expand the management aspect and have quite the entertaining little game.  Nontheless I recommend it, though it is probably a great idea to wait for it to gon on sale."
,Not Recommended,443810,25342846,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,iBleahed,"There are no replay values in this game. For most part of this game, the concept is pretty refreshing and the mechanism (which wasn't at best for a management game) is pretty simple. However, this ISN'T the kind of thing for a management game. A more open, free concept would have been better. This game doesn't offer such.I've completed 3 times, from different perspective and choices, even try to be the most crock police chief you'll ever known. But I'll quote again, ""There are no replay values in this game"". The moment you completed this game and realised that the game ending offers no difference in this, would you ever think of this as a management game.I'd say for people whom are interested in this game: Look at it like a visual novel. Nothing more. If you're thinking ""Hey! This is how reality works! This is how managing a team of police works!"" then you better get out of the seats and start looking at reality. This is NOT how managing people works.Lastly, the developer can expand on this game to develop something even more massive, impressive and more fun. Even if the game was priced 3 times that of this, people will buy. As of now, I don't think this game worth the current price tag. I don't believe this is the game you'll ever want to buy if you know that you're going to play it at most twice.Not recommended, though support if you're naive (yes, naive, stop being a simple minded, easy-to-pleased young btards whom thinks your word matters, no it doesn't, and neither is mine), want to try it out or simply to support the developer.PS: The jokes in the reviews are not funny at all. Try harder."
76561198119621731,Not Recommended,443810,26568009,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,ChumpDragon,Found this game irritating and it can end abrubtly in unreasonable ways based on your choices in game.
76561198012756957,Not Recommended,443810,32787504,Posted: 25 June,all,mrdcunningham,"Worth a fiver or so, but gets a bit samey, and limited choices in story mode make it a bit predictable"
,Recommended,443810,24697611,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,HeyJoe[HUN]PC RPG Community,"Pure awesomeness in Neo-noir style & atmosphere. I can highly recommend, I didn't played too much yet, but the price for that game also looks reasonable"
76561198317411255,Recommended,443810,32551365,Posted: 18 June,all,SexyCakes,Great game however the game with a good story however i do wish they could have added more features. Also it does get a bit repetitive so be warned
,Recommended,443810,35287827,Posted: 29 September,all,Gabe Newell,the game in general was very well done although it is a bit pricey for what you get but to be fair they are a small company the game optimization is amazing i was amazed that a laptop under the minimum reqirments with only one core and under 1.5GB of RAM it ran ok and uses little space and power the story was well done but the gameplay can be better done but overall i highly recomended this game
76561197997430788,Recommended,443810,35411674,Posted: 2 October,all,Edgar,Great story-based management sim that deserves more credit. Top marks for the dev team being willing to approach some touchy social issues in-game and in-world.
76561198037919726,Recommended,443810,35384896,Posted: 1 October,all,Lewiatan,"The game has a good story, very good and intresting game mechanics and it was fun to play. It is also very depressing, especially at the end of the game.+ very addictive+ unique gameplay mechanics+ intresting investigations+ very good moody music+ nice comic style graphicks+ it's a real life story+ it is hard, but also it is almost immposible to loose- it is hard to keep your cops alive, especially at the ending part of the game, none of the cops that i have starded the gane with survived- your choices are meaningles- different endings are basically the same- at the end part of the game i felt that i don't control enything and gameplay becomed totaly random no matter what i was doingOverall: 7/10"
,Recommended,443810,35184393,Posted: 24 September,all,nate.mcclain1999,"This game is amazing. At the start it's a little bland, but once you get near the middle of the game it gets real interesting. You have to start paying real close attention to which officers you use, how you use them and how well you appease for the mafia and the city. If you don't please both then you'll lose and it gets real hard sometimes learning how to please both of them. The best part is when officers arrive at crimes scenes and there is a list of options you must chose from, but chose wisely. I nearly cried when my first officer was killed...but then I remembered that they weren't real people."
76561198097672984,Recommended,443810,33704261,Posted: 21 July,all,LED.Peruvian,"Addictive. As simple as it might be, TITP has you on the end of your seat at the close of everyday. If successful, the entire ""campaign"" is about 20 hours long. Would recommend it to pass the time or to get you into dective style games!"
76561198128803815,Recommended,443810,26514294,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,silcox.travis,"Great game, i hope the developers make DLCTypical game time is 30-40 hours. The scenerios that you send your police to are often hilarious and then very practical and serious. The main story isnt terrible, but could go in a more practical direction and make more sense."
76561198021156502,Not Recommended,443810,34732386,Posted: 4 September,all,Mr. Rockstar,"This is only the illusion of a game. Because your choices in most cases aren't important at all. I would better not to complete the game, just watch ending on youtube. Great story with very poor game mechanics."
,Recommended,443810,24700021,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Exotic Butters,10/7Played around 4 days in-game and realised I had burned around 2 hours IRL. Trying to stay above board is so difficult. Sent out 4 cops with a total of 1000+ professionalism and the addition of SWAT and everyone bloody died.Alt+F4 after that.
76561198032484470,Not Recommended,443810,24786176,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,mjlamb,"When I first looked at this game I thought that it might be interesting. After playing the game several times I have decided not to recommend it. Bascially it is just a excercise in personal allocation for your shifts and dispatching the proper officers to your calls for service.  I had to turn the music off because it was just distracting.  No one in real police work talks like that. Also you are limited to which way your character will go. I played the proper the way a straight chief would play and the way in which you would feel sorry for friend and go the other way. The end result was the same. There should have been a way to bring in a federal agency to help deal with the crime boss.  It is just a abstract of what someone who has never been in police work think. Oh yes, I have 29 years of police experience."
,Recommended,443810,24674788,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Omen UK,"Post-Release Review:I bought this game today (the day it is released) having heard about it but not having the opportunity to try it for myself, though I was impressed enough by what I'd heard to be interested.What you have is a really interesting game, you are the soon to be retiring Chief Of Police Jack Boyd with 180 days left on the job, pushed out by the Major, and needing a half a million 'retirement fund' before he finally leaves his position you have to manage your resources, hiring and firing,I really like this game, as strategy  games go it's a curio, not sure if this is the developers first game or not but it certainly feels like a (very good) first try at a game and has potential to be much more if they ever make a sequel, though int he hear and now this is certainly a game worh purchasing."
76561198087778171,Recommended,443810,24968618,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,LeperMessiah,Send three highly trained officers to stop two teens from having intercourse in an old cemetery. Gunned Down immediately. -_- 10/10
,Recommended,443810,24813520,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,TrunDurPalace,Long♥♥♥♥♥game about Paul Blart... *(Paul Blart: Mall Cop)
76561198006728109,Recommended,443810,24678890,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,const,This is the Police is a Game where you manage A police Department until you retire.You dispatch units to situations and deal with the Staff Management and even Manage Cases.The issue you have is that the Mob and the Mayor want you to do certain tasks that sooner or later lead you into corruption. You try to survive and earn some money while doing that and try not to get killed or fired most of the time.It is a lot of fun to Manage the Department and work on Dispatch. The Mechanics are really good and I am excited to play the Sandbox mode as soon as it gets released.
76561198114959051,Not Recommended,443810,25166809,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,V-Bro - The Titan's Driver,"Truthfully, I want to recommend this.  It's different from most games and has an appealingly cynical story.  The theme is also painted in shades of grey that makes it more relatable and realistic.However, some may not like the gameplay - you'll be focused on an overall picture of the city and dispatching police to the every day crimes - a task to the end.  There's also an RNG issue that may REALLY screw you over and kill a large number of your force - I recommend just restarting the day when that happens.  Some detective cases are confusing as well, but fortunately a guide on Steam has been posted for when you're truly stuck.But what ultimately turned me away is the ending.The money collected ultimately doesn't matter to you or your character Jack Boyd.  Too much is left unresolved story-wise.  Finally, Jack's job is his real passion... and no matter what he loses it.The ending is not just unsatisfying, it feels incomplete - and unless they fix this ending, the game is tragically tarnished for me."
76561198023390187,Not Recommended,443810,24779297,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Slaughcois,"This game is bad value for money.  It’s a great concept that takes too long and has no real depth.The story, the chief advertisement for the game, is pretty fair.  It’s not particularly interactive, so you’re along for the ride while Jack Boyd does what he wants, but it’s well presented with good VA and art.  The musical choices also set the tone well, though they’d benefit from an auto-play feature.The $500,000?  It’s very easy to make.  The game is extremely forgiving, and you don’t need to be particularly corrupt to make shedloads of cash.The game prides itself on decision making, but they’ve got no consequences.    The worst city hall will ever do is cut your salary, which at $1,000/wk is basically irrelevant, and fire some of your staff (you can soon hire more).  If you give your officers bad instructions, they can die, but they’re all (literally) faceless anyway.  If all your cops are shot one day, nobody gives a damn.  In fact, if you organise for all your cops to be shot, there’s literally nothing said about it.The UI is at times frustrating and at other times a deliberate mess.  What exactly do rank ups do?  The game won’t tell you more than a quick blurb.  Why do I have to watch a long reloading animation to change songs?  What sort of role does officer skill play?  Why is my mouse cursor being deliberately messed around with?  That’s because I didn’t use DirectX11.  Why isn’t all the art for locations used for the world map, instead of that dull grey?  Why, when I get clear evidence of wrongdoing by a major character, can I not try to arrest them?And then there’s other parts of the mechanics that don’t make sense.  Detectives only need to know how a crime was committed to pin down the exact person in the city who did it.  This isn’t “I need the murder weapon, for the prints”, it’s “now I know a knife was used, I know Steven de la Pole, local jobsworth, is the murderer”.  Calls can literally be put off for hours, unless they’re for the mayor’s family, in which case it’s now or never.  Calls can literally be put off for hours, and the situation doesn’t change.  You get explanation for false alarm calls, but never a report on what happened when the crimes really occurred.  Detective work and police callouts are entirely separate, for some reason.  There are several story scenes about you and various vices, but it never has an associated impact on gameplay.There is no crime where it is impossible to win.  It is, however, impossible to ‘win’ the story.  The game takes 180 days (sort of – there are timeskips), each a bit too long, and it gets repetitive.  I have a lot of hours in this game (many of them alt-tabbed) but I wish I hadn’t spent the money.  There’s also no replay value, since everything in the game is so very scripted.  I just can’t recommend you buy."
,Recommended,443810,24685721,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,HaHa Dicc,>Go to a call of Destruction of Property>Find money>Ask Sands to sell money for money10/10 would become police chief again
76561198064549727,Recommended,443810,24791204,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Thermite,American Police Simulator 2016
76561197980482234,Not Recommended,443810,24772329,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,BtB,"I wanted to like this game. I tried everything I could to like it. I suffered through to the end . . . almost.Every day is planned. Same cases, same times. It's a long, tedious grind. I had to force myself to play it past day 30, and there was just about a hundred more to go. It was grueling, not fun.The RNG is absurd. There is apparently no middle ground between ""complete success"" and ""kill every cop that responded.""The cut scenes are quality, the voice acting solid, and the story is generally pretty good. Suffering through a week of slow grind between them saps any fun.I could've almost forgiven that. I could've almost forgiven 20 hours of mindless repetition, were it not for the last level.Imagine a board game where you need to place a dozen pieces correctly based off of poor clues, and a board that is completely unclear. Now imagine you need to replay the last level of the game every time you fail it, basically sitting through a mandatory respawn timer as you either replay the last day over and over again, or simply let every call go unanwered and just wait out the clock. I can't bring myself to do it. I should've returned it at 2 hours, but I figured I'd work through it. For 18 hours of mindless repetition.No. Unless they completely retool the mechanics or at least make the last level anything other than a waste of my time, I can't recommend this game. It was so close to being wonderful, but it just became a grind easily twice as long as it had content for, and punishing for all the wrong reasons."
76561198057508461,Not Recommended,443810,24753624,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Helen_NZ,"This was pretty disappointing after all the good reviews. It has a lot of potential, and is pretty funny in a very very dark way, but after the first few days i'ts kind of boring to play. Calls come in about various crimes, you send some cops over, and they either catch the criminal or don't. Occasionally a cop gets killed, but this doesn't have any impact other than you have to hire someone else (or you can pretend they're still alive and collect their pay, but then you're one cop down). The investigations are quite good, and sometimes you have to decide whether to do the right thing and♥♥♥♥♥♥off the mayor or some mobster. But mostly not much happens, and what does happen isn't all that interesting. Half the time you don't even know what happens at the crime scene - there will be an interesting set-up, but then all you know is that the criminal was caught. There are a few plot lines, but they develop very slowly and aren't really interesting enough to go through days and days of boring grunt work."
,Not Recommended,443810,24783357,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,SPAGETT,"Illusion of choice: The Game.  You'll work with the mob, you'll please city hall, and you'll play the way you're told to play because that's how it is.  Investigations are at RNGesus' mercy.Too shallow to be a strategy/simulation.Too boring and too poorly paced to be an interactive story."
76561198088516635,Recommended,443810,30978419,Posted: 6 April,all,Doggo Dynasty,.
,Recommended,443810,25084450,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,LtlMacMcG,"Hard to explain...but at least check this game out.  I was completely caught off guard to depth of This is The Police (in a good way).  I have only played the first bit...so I can't speak for the whole game, but The Police looks to have the potential to be a classic and I am REALLY looking forward to the Let's Play I just started.  (below, in case you'd like to check the game out for the first bit).https://youtu.be/kz-plIDwJ4M"
,Recommended,443810,30517334,Posted: 14 March,all,Zulu Hotel,"This game is so creative as a concept and a story. However, it is [depending who you are] difficult between sending out the officers and such and siding with whomever you want. My only complaint is that occationally you have to skip a ton of dialogueBottom line: Fantastic game, great mechanics, unique story line. 9.5/10"
,Not Recommended,443810,26516642,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,©heeto Fingers,"I don't know what the others are talking about, you absolutely DO have a choice to be a good cop.Just don't expect to make it past day 13 though."
,Recommended,443810,33800167,Posted: 25 July,all,Milkman,[̲̅W̲̅][̲̅H̲̅][̲̅O̲̅][̲̅O̲̅][̲̅P̲̅] [̲̅W̲̅][̲̅H̲̅][̲̅O̲̅][̲̅O̲̅][̲̅P̲̅]
,Recommended,443810,25000335,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,TheGreatFWT,"This is the police ! Stop right there !Man, here you are. you are arrested."
,Recommended,443810,24681553,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,krooked,"god, that's the sound of the police..."
76561198033936761,Recommended,443810,34080987,Posted: 7 August,all,Daviano,"I'm Daviano, and this is my favorite game on Steam."
76561198218641109,Recommended,443810,24751049,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Kenjii,Good
76561198141922158,Not Recommended,443810,24894831,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,CLAGUESON,"Its got a fantastic artsyle and a stellar soundtrack but that is completely underlined by an unfortunatly bland story and repetitive gameplay.I really enjoy the idea of the game a dark cop story around a police station management game but i just felt annoyed  playing this , I really wanted to like it but I was sadly bored.Also the 45 minutes I played felt like three hours I would of tried it out for longer but i really couldnt sit through it,"
76561198030997975,Recommended,443810,24696273,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Dan1911,Gr8 writhing
76561198015317925,Recommended,443810,32888077,Posted: 27 June,all,[★]MajorTula[★],GET YOUR PUNK♥♥♥♥♥ON THE GRUND!!!
,Recommended,443810,24702989,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Dubble,NYPD Blue Andy Sipowicz simulator.Bring your own short sleeve button down shirt.
76561198254124566,Not Recommended,443810,28266586,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Leonie,"win10 system, and always suddenly stop, how can i handle this?"
76561198038823811,Recommended,443810,24677430,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Monkeyfighter,Great game. Have a lot of fun so far :)
,Recommended,443810,24743533,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Hemp_Smoker07,it was okay i guess.
,Recommended,443810,32174922,Posted: 4 June,all,TicklishPickleWickle,This game has taught me: pepper spray always works
,Not Recommended,443810,32148985,Posted: 3 June,all,Vic,"Unpolished, frustrating and trite.""This is the police"" is a game with a great premise that manages to snatch medioctiy from the jaws of potential. The core mechanics are engaging but lack depth and become tediously repetitive - I found myself hoping for more skipped only to reduce the boredom of repetitive days. The game presents itself as story-heavy, but the story is a mix of ridiculous clichés that take themselves seriously. The artwork is effective and interesting, but the atmosphere is gimmicky and lacks personality. The option to pick your own music is a pleasant feature, that unfortunately gets lost in a sea of repetitive, barely distinguishable songs - choice becomes pointless when all the options are almost identical.Colour text is borderline insulting. The jokes about parents denied of custody and false♥♥♥♥♥♥allegations could pass for an ironic trick the first couple of times, but it gets old very fast - and by mid-game it's clear that the racism, sexism and general reactionary themes aren't ironic at all. After a few days, I couldn't be bothered reading the cartoonish situations that the police is responding to - for all the work that's been put in crafting unique texts, it's a bad sign that I kept thinking that randomly generated calls would be better. The gangs are ridiculous and the vignettes are below soap opera standards. And of course there's a church doing evil stuff that in the ends turns out to be not Christian at all. Many of the special actions are pointless and honestly seem plastered on to give an appearance of variety.I raised almost double of the stated goal of $500 000 without effort.I imagine it lacks replayability but don't feel inclined to try.A half-cooked batch of ther most eye-roll inducing clichés of noir and about twice as long as it should be. Pass on it."
76561198041239133,Not Recommended,443810,26620915,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,chino2468,"I loved the concept, there are really no similar games available, and the game has a lot of potential. But that's it: wasted potential. The amount of poorly-thought, poorly-developed or poorly-resolved aspects of the game, force me to give it a thumbs down:- Extremely linear, there's not a single choice that matters.- Irrealistic relations with the mafia, the mayor and any other factions.- All crimes and cases seem to be hard-coded, so you can pretty much play it once.- Siding and/or defeating Varga or Sands seems to have no effect at all, just deprive you of options.- The game does not scale or progress over time; once you've played 60 days, it's always the same.Still, if you get it for under $5, it's a good purchase."
76561198189558997,Not Recommended,443810,24908669,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Kimbo King,The premis of teh game is superb and it's fairly enjoyable but there is far too much 'faf'. The car opening screen each day is tiresome as in the music selection.If it had stuck to the basics of running a police department then I feel it would have been far better.
,Not Recommended,443810,31287825,Posted: 21 April,all,Dankpool,got bored after 2/3 hours
,Not Recommended,443810,26589718,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,-=PR=-_Miller,"so I only have about 4 hours in the game so this could change. I enjoy the game....but i am disappointed.1st. you really dont have many choices that affect the story. SPOILER!within the 1st week you have to choose to join the mob or not. My friend chose too- mod says WELCOME TO THE FAMILY!. I wanna be a good cop so i say no- mob kills a guys and then says- JACK (your character) Welcome to the family!!!! so much for my choice.And you have to do what they tell you or they kill you......I Wanted city hall to make more cuts and make me choose to be crooked to make life easier...not be like---SO YOU WANNA  BE A GOOD COP LAWL!!! be crooked or we end the game for you right now......2nd- the cut scenes are horrible. I dont care how much you love or hate the story...the cut scenes are the worst i have ever seen. YOU SIT ON A STILL IMAGE FOR 15min LISTENING to a convo for some of them. 15 MIN! OF A STILL IMAGE! How lazy are you to not maybe idk....pan the bloody image or  cut the shot to the face of the guy talking.....SO MOVEMENT..ANYTHING IS BETTER THEN 15 Min of to men sitting in chairs talking about the mob....OK but now for some good- you do get alot of in game choices that effect short term stuff- example if a cop lives or dies- using force on protests that could land you in court for a abuse of power- obeying city hall to avoid those greedy bureaucrats from cutting you budget. Learning the traits of your cops like if they are lazy, drunks, or political stances. there are alot of in game choices that affect the short term game which is nice.So the reason i cant recommend it is the basically the same reason PC gamer couldnt. its repetitive and if you dont really want a management sim with a liner story.....you will hate it. I am enjoying it for the most part but only about a 6/10. But the lack of game changing choices i was promised is what has left a bad taste in my mouth for the game at the moment."
76561198054537750,Not Recommended,443810,30415579,Posted: 9 March,all,stevenloveday,"I have taken the time to complete the game.  My thoughts are that the gameplay is very repetitive and as far as a management game I found there to be very little actual interplay, choice or strategy available.  The backstory was interesting and although your choices had some influence on the story it was minor and did not effect the overall gaming experience.  Despite getting the game on sale I still found it poor value for money and would not recommend."
,Not Recommended,443810,31071343,Posted: 10 April,all,StrykerL,"4/10, will look like 7.5/10 for the first two hours (and then the content drought begins).STRONG NO on this one, do NOT buy this game. It is dreadfully underwhelming, and the kicker is that till the first two hours you're still being impressed by the flashy animations and new features being added, so you'll expect the game continues to innovate thereafter. It doesn't.The game becomes extremely boring and grindy as hell, just redo-ing the same dispatches over and over. You basically have to spin three plates - town hall, police force, and mafia - without letting any one of them get too annoyed at you.Town hall will randomly say - fire all blacks/old people/hire asians/hire women arbitrarily, without any other context and if you try to FIND who's Asian/Old/other variable, there's no way. Heck in a few cases a few of the girls looked like guys and there's no way to find out whether the person you're firing is a girl or a guy because no where does it offer a fact card for your people. It's clumsy as hell.You can not play good cop either, because the mafia will outright kill you with hardly any warning, so that path's out as well, so much for variety. Mafia missions pop up, saying 'don't interfere with my crime in exchange for money' and that's that.I don't really know what keeps my police force happy other than sending them on BBQs on my own money and the random event.The game does a TERRIBLE TERRIBLE job of giving feedback. Each officer visit is resolved as Perp Caught/Escaped, Officers Killed/Alive, Civilians Killed/Alive, Loot Not found/found. This is a pathetic way to explain consequences, and I'll give an example to show why - You're dispatched to talk down a suicidal man who has two kids with him on a bridge. This is an 'involved' event where the game will offer you one of three choices to swing the event's outcome. If you 'empathise with him' and then ask him to 'think of the kids' what's the payoff? Perp escaped, officers Ok. WHAT DOES THAT MEAN? Did the man jump? Did my officers let him walk away so he wouldn't harm his kids? This is infuriating, and expect this same problem to happen in EVERY. SINGLE. EVENT. You just NEVER get any closure.Investigations are a bit more fun, solving each one is a puzzle, and to its credit there are perhaps one hundred puzzles so there's a slight amount of replayability. The act of getting puzzle pieces is extremely rote - assign detective/s to a case, and at the end of the day they'll gather a few more frames if there are any left. It's another faceless system, and what's worse is that the game never tells you that there are idle detectives lying around, you have to go INTO the menu, choose a case, and then see if any detectives are free. This is just pathetically lazy design.The game's also slow as hell, every new day you'll be shown the same unskippable car start animation (if I were him, with all the money I'm hoarding the least I would do is repair the car!), and are forced to choose a music record to play, which is lazily mounted on a gramophone. It's very cool the first time, infuriatingly boring the 179th time.  There's no speed up button on the screen proper, so just expect to wait around for 30 seconds or more for something to happen. Painful.When officers are dispatched and later return, their availability is shown in a MMO Cooldown anim over their face-card. If they'd just added a timer (Returning in 5 seconds), it'd have been so much easier on the brain.After seeing how rote the game had become by the 4th hour I applied for a refund with most of the above points mentioned, and was denied. Please do not make my mistake, this game is not worth your time or money. Oh, and that sandbox mode? Only available after being a bad cop and completing the game once. They couldn't even put that in from the start."
76561197984076180,Not Recommended,443810,34053014,Posted: 5 August,all,MikeMikeVictor,"This game is fun at first, and decently engaging, but the repetetive cutscenes and annoying dialogue quickly get to you. I just want to dispatch police and enjoy it, yet I get 5 minute of that and 15 minutes of annoying cutscenes between each day. This game really had some good potential with the cool name and premise, and almost a Firewatch sense of mystery, but it's just a cheaply made game that you could probably run on an iPhone. If there would have been a sandbox mode I think I would have played some more since the dialogue is so annoying and takes you out of focus."
,Not Recommended,443810,26580155,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Dorian,"The game has a very interesting concept, but could really use shorter cut scenes. Frequently, nothing at all happens for 5 - 10 seconds with the dialogue pausing and the screen just frozen. This is supposed to convey atmosphere, but rapidly becomes very boring. Given that the narrative is a key element of the game, the cutscenes need to be tightened up to make this game good.Another thing that you may have mixed opinions on is that the game can penalize some wrong decisions a long time after you made it. You may find yourself in an unwinnable situation and forced to go back to a save days or weeks before."
76561197960784414,Not Recommended,443810,27473801,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ken,"The story seems interesting on the surface, but long cutscenes break up the slow gameplay and make for a boring experience. In this game, you manage a police station. You set the daily roster by hiring, firing, or promoting people, then choose who goes out on calls. Call outcomes add or subtract from a single number that determines an officers skill/moral/motivation. Your officers sometimes ask you to choose a course of action. That's about it. You're a dispatcher. You spend most of your time waiting for squad cars to get to or from a crime scene."
76561198210393819,Not Recommended,443810,26641176,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Low Tier Memer,i cant even play it because it never starts
76561197967421109,Not Recommended,443810,30065869,Posted: 20 February,all,kabbi,"This game I bought hastily as I was reaching a dry spout in what games I had available. I really enjoyed the beginning minus certain elements that seem obvious and repetitive like the car starting scene every single day. I think I was a little unsatisfied by the results that I was getting on cases. For example you'd have a petty shoplifting case that if you didn't send any officers to it because you already happened to commit them to another case then you'd just get the result: Civillian killed, Suspect escaped. Something that short with no backstory made it hard to feel engaged when this happens quite often. Not to mention your officers after each case have to return to the station they can't just goto other cases while on patrol which makes the immersion break even more. Right now I love the premise of the game there are some really enjoyable moments in managing the headquarters and dealing with press conferences but half way through the game I started getting really bored hoping the next day would bring something more interesting story wise. Maybe this was the intention of the developers but afterawhile I found it hard to play at all."
,Not Recommended,443810,34073027,Posted: 6 August,all,indog wkwkwkwkw,"If you plan to buy this game for its sandbox mode, better save your money for some other games. The main storyline is great, makes you wish you had more than 180 days to play. Butthe worst part in sandbox is the investigations. The developers purposely make it so you will never solve the crimes in sandbox mode. Better play a pirated version. If only the sandbox mode was better, i'd give a recommendation. However, if the developers fix the sandbox mode, i'd change my review."
76561197985222155,Not Recommended,443810,25077606,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Moryseth,"Not recommended if you expect an open story, I would recommend if you don't mind linear.I will only speak of my major turn-off which is that it's a linear game, once I first met the Mafia I thought it I could play it as a good cop, show them the middle finger and deal with the consequence that my close relative might die. To my disappointment however the game does not let you do so. Other than for personal moral purpose there is no goal in avoiding any of the Mayor (whom is a♥♥♥♥♥♥ or Mafia jobs.Every events of day are the fixed and not random, someone could write a playthrough with every steps of the way 'till the end to make the perfect playthrough.For that reason after 4 hours I decide to drop it, I can't go on a game that doesn't let me draw my path. The only valid choices you make is to perform properly everyday so that everyone over you is happy and that none of your policemen die (but seems to have little impact, at least other than having to hire a replacement)P.S.Again this based on my turn-off if it wasn't from that bit I would be enjoying that game still. It's a decent game if you are not looking for an Open story."
76561198059219740,Not Recommended,443810,34648257,Posted: 31 August,all,TJ♛,Gets boring
,Recommended,443810,28338889,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Depthlord,10/10
76561198084935483,Recommended,443810,24713976,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,iMSaiyan,Great game -- one of the best I've played in awhile in terms of strategy games. Loved the art done as well.Try it out!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qxAZEaIRr20
,Recommended,443810,24700092,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,FindingChemo4,Really good game.
,Not Recommended,443810,24703240,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Drittponken,"I'm sorry, but i was very dissapointed in this game and i had to return it.From the reviews i have read it sounded like the game was about managing a police force but that is not the game's focus. As i was playing if felt like the only thing i did was to get calls and choose weather to send one police officer or two of them. After sending them away, a randomizer would tell me if it went good or not and, there is no way to affect the outcome.Quite a few times i got to make a choice on how the officers should handle a sitation, but hey, that's sounds like a way to affect the outcome, right? Well it depends, i thought that a lot of times the options just felt meaningless. Like it matters if i tell a criminal to ""drop the gun"" or ""♥♥♥♥ off"" when it's pointed to a victims head. Feels like another randomizing feature.The game has a nice UI but the story is very simple, and the gameplay boring. I don't know why the developers thought that including a ""vinyl store"" in the game was a good priority. I'm just annoyed by having to click past the record  selection screen every day. Another annoyance is that every day starts with a screen where you see a hand turning the key to the ignition on a car. It starts on the third try, EVERY DAY, and the engine sound is just awful. I get it, he has a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ car!If you thought that this game would have some micromanagement and simulation feel at all, don't buy it. You will be very dissapointed."
76561198100731546,Recommended,443810,24680566,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Lamp709,*Person jumps out window**Orders Cops to shoot him in the back**Offender Escaped**Me: ._.**Me:RAGE QUIT!*
76561198006568422,Not Recommended,443810,25105401,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,FoFiveFoLyfe,"Huge waste of time. I really wish I could get a refund for this game. ~SPOILER~ Nothing you do ultimately has any consquence on the outcome. This game sucks you in by having a seemingly complex story with a long narrative. But ultimately, Mass Effect 3's original endings were better than this crap."
76561197971870726,Recommended,443810,24686013,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Loki Incarnate(formally android),Great.
76561198007478967,Not Recommended,443810,24805382,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Pezzilla,"Basically a visual novel where your choices have consequences, but those choices are limited in scope.You have to be a dirty cop, to one degree or another. I did not want to play a dirty cop.Like other reviews, I found the 'management' and 'simulation' aspects to be more like a mobile game.Not what I was expecting, and I tried to like it, I gave it 2 hours. Would prefer a refund to keeping this one."
,Recommended,443810,26218111,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,sixx,Best game 2k16
76561198085405100,Not Recommended,443810,25687385,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,hotkey11,The game is very attractive from the start but it's so booring and stupid later. Won't recomend for anyone.
,Recommended,443810,29757089,Posted: 7 February,all,Bennyboi06,.
,Recommended,443810,32084306,Posted: 31 May,all,Arkelight,"Solid story, great gameplay."
,Not Recommended,443810,28985848,Posted: 3 January,all,Nightstalker,Horrible game with outrageously bad graphics.
76561198035222810,Not Recommended,443810,24847752,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,sylxjian,"Depressing.If you're looking for a police sim, this isn't it. This is a police /corruption/ sim, and no matter what you do you are going to have to make depressing choices. There's no real way to play this as a ""hero cop"" unless you willfully ignore what you had to do in the early stages. When no real set of options let me out of becoming an even more awful person than I started playing, I uninstalled."
76561198046695323,Recommended,443810,24795616,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,badshmuel,Amazing!
,Not Recommended,443810,25017953,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,[Rx]Nubs,"This is the.. first game I have ever asked for a refund for.  The horrible randomness of the mission results and artificially restrictive strategic options ruins the game's otherwise great concept and execution by rendering your judgement and decision making process absolutely meaningless.E.g. On the day 10 tutorial mission the only option allowed was to send one officer despite the game usually allowing *at least* two officers.  Since I could only send one officer into a clearly dangerous situation I sent my absolute best with 680 professionalism (150 is considered average).  The situation predictably escalated and the officer then requested backup so I sent my four next best officers, the max the game allowed, all with 250+ professionalism.  And even though I wanted to send SWAT because the situation seemed to warrant it, I wasn't allowed to because you can only send SWAT on the rare occasions when the developer decided to allow it.  The result?  All but one officer dead and my game basically over unless I wanted to savescum, redo the mission and hope for better results.RNG is fine in roguelikes where starting over is relatively painless and maybe even enjoyable because you perhaps have unlocked a new class, character or skill... but this is a linear, story driven, strategy game that for some unknown reason has the complete randonness of a roguelike.  So when this game decides to kill all your officers on a mission you are forced to either savescum and hope for different results or start over and go through all 30 days of tutorial and story missions again (several hours of play) before you can get access to all the strategic resources you get throughout it.  It's infuriating and especially frustrating because the game was otherwise very enjoyable; the voice acting is fantastic, the concept is great, the mechanics of reading about events then sending the appropriate officers to them is great and even the investigation aspect is okay, albeit extremely simplistic.I was throughly enjoying myself every time I played up until the multiple times the game just randomly killed half my officers and forced me to start all over again. From what I have read on the forums, some people have gotten to day 68+ only to have 10+ godlike officers die, even with 150% effeciency SWAT backup to support them.  No thanks.  Can't recommend."
76561197993560231,Not Recommended,443810,31676293,Posted: 10 May,all,randomjackass,"Very basic gameplay mechanic that becomes rote quickly. The story telling is a case of trying to hard. The ""bad guys"" are cartoonishly evil. There doesn't seem to be any way to change the story meaningfully.It like reading a bad comic book, except it takes hours to get through."
76561198011330553,Recommended,443810,24692998,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Soviet Microb,TOP.
,Recommended,443810,29715120,Posted: 5 February,all,NASTY CORNDOG,Legally beat up a group of 50 feminists with nightsticks and SWAT backup.Justice has been served.
,Not Recommended,443810,24896547,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,mbpoblet,"Interesting concept at first glance, but it takes away the illusion of choice the moment the mafia inevitably kills you if you don't do everything they say (or, in retrospect, the instant you load a savegame and realise that all events repeat without the slightest variation).Might as well remove any user interactivity and play it as a (not very good) movie (not very good going on bad because you can't even see the outcome of the cases; as with the rest of the game, they build up your expectations and then leave you hanging).No replayability at all whatsoever(even if you manage to survive the inevitable assassination - probably by editing the save file, which seems to be the only way, and which you also need to edit if you want eventhe smallestchance of not failing every asignment due to unvelievably incompetent officers -allevents are scripted and repeat exactly the same way on every replay, so replayability would be nil anyway even if the""game""was playable).Absolute waste of money(I can find my jazz & blues, the only somewhat redeemable part of the""game"", elsewhere for cheaper, thanks),but designed so that most victims won't realise until they've played too long to ask for a refund, which makes itclearlyan intentional scam, not mere incompetence (the developers clearly know what they're doing; Hanlon's razor isnotapplicable).Developer blacklisted, won't be falling for it again.(Just in case you fell for it and wasted money on this thing and are too late to refund and masochist enough to attempt to""play""it, you'll find the xml file you'll need to edit to see how the story ends in%localappdata%\..\LocalLow\Weappy\This Is The Police\. Editing it should be pretty straightforward, just make sure all three loyalties stay at 150 and all proffessionalisms at over 1000, and add as needed to the amount of recruitable officers and your available money. Although it's quite probably not worth the effort if you have anything better and more enjoyable  to do, like staring at a wall doing nothing whatsoever.)"
,Recommended,443810,29170268,Posted: 10 January,all,StaleWater,10/10 would kill a black guy again
76561198023157788,Recommended,443810,24703718,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,✾ Matsukaze ✾,Good GameBad Publisher
,Not Recommended,443810,24968827,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,FoxClass,Could have benefited from being much shorter. Story is well-written noir but every twist is a kick in the balls and the illusion of choice is fairly thin.
76561198017077333,Not Recommended,443810,27768306,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Forgotten Beast,"I like the art. From the little bit that I saw, I like the story. It looks like I would like the gameplay. I just don't like the character I have to play. First, he goes into a strip club. Then he smokes in the building. And he calls someone to be rude. At that point, I just decided to get a refund."
76561198091159333,Not Recommended,443810,31003755,Posted: 7 April,all,beldi,This game crashes a lot. The sound would disappear in the middle of the cutscene. And i couldn't get past day 4 because it's always crashing.
,Not Recommended,443810,24785479,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Neso,"2/5  - Great game until the climax/final mission.This is the police  is another ""Manager"" type game with the format of being police chief. Nothing too great from the gameplay aside from the fact it has decent multiple choice events which makes people actually have to read. I really enjoyed the voice acting and the art style of the cut scenes as well as majority of it's story that is until the last ""mission"".FIrst of all it's a pain to figure out how many units go here or there for it. So painful it added another 2 hours to my play time just to figure out through trial and error which I really would not have mind except the final mission didn't bother with a proper cutscene or a conclusion for all the plots going on in the story. It left a lot of loose ends and being that the game was only really great due to it's story ruined the game entirely. Luckily it was at the end of the game so early reviews could say many positives.The way the game ended made me believe that it was most likely rushed which was a pity as I would have easily recommended the game until I finished it. There are 2 different endings but both are equally horrible and leave too many loose ends.~Also hopefully they allow the game to run while tabed out, it would have made me less disappointed."
76561198007807938,Not Recommended,443810,24961868,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Bradley,"This is going to be very basic.It's an alright game, it's fun at first, taking control of your own police units. Yet after a few hours it's the same stuff, nothing get interesting, nothing wants me to come back to this game and carry on."
,Not Recommended,443810,25557832,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Fucking Scripts,"Long story short.The only ending is very disappointing and unfulfilling.Gameplay becomes quite boring starting part two since it fails to change or gain tension.Choices make no differences at all.Investigation can be frustrating at times with rng giving you the wrong frames or the hints not being clear with the order of the frames.You see this whole tree of mafia members shrouded in mystery? Well you will never see anyone else except one specific branch.Difficulty is quite polarized since things snowballs quite quickly.The quality of your police force dictates how often they will die off.Larger police force allows you to fulfil requests easier, such as the mayor requests.Better relationship with the mayor guaratees roster expansion.Repeat step 2-3 if you fulfil step 1, and restart the game if you can't fulfil it.Oh, and the soundtrack is quite nice.Would recommend just watching the scenes."
76561198036610148,Not Recommended,443810,24782272,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,MrOlesen,Fun for the first 3 hours then the gameplay gets very mono...
,Not Recommended,443810,26735781,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,darorck,The gameplay looks interesting but there are too much story for me.
76561198125063049,Not Recommended,443810,31026810,Posted: 8 April,all,cinek44,"I am very dissapionted. I mean, it plays well, it has some great music, voice acting and interesting characters.My problem with this game is that its very linear. If you restart the game or reload it from a previous checkpoint you will have to replay the EXACT SAME SCENARIO, IN THE EXACT SAME ORDER, for every day of the week. There is no variation to it whatsoever.Plus, It feels like you cant make any meaningful choices in this game. The decisions you make apparently have no effect on story development. The game basically forces you to play as a corrupt cop on the payroll for the mafia and suck-up to the mayor of the city."
,Not Recommended,443810,26504891,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Chromeo,"Semi interesting plot (if a bit generic), nice graphics, it's just a shame there's no gameplay."
,Recommended,443810,24672838,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Aspect,"I could not play the game on my Mac Pro 13 (2015), once i switched to pc with windows, it launched. The game is very addictive and interesting, give it a go as long as you are not a Mac user!"
,Recommended,443810,24684178,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,JustForKicks96,egg
76561198043385899,Recommended,443810,24748716,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,DiddlerOnTheRoof,"good, but shallow. Very low replay value, very repettetive gameplay."
76561198000351718,Not Recommended,443810,25317458,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Stupid Sexy Flanders,"This game is more story telling than it is simulation. Which is such a pity, because the artwork is absolutely stunning. I literally nodded off in the first 5 minutes and real gameplay didn't even start until I skipped through countless dialogue. If you like true simulation, I'd recommend skipping this. If you like story telling games, this may be up your alley."
76561198038597826,Not Recommended,443810,24784187,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,RescueRangerMatt,"I cannot recommend This Is the Police. I will explain my experience with the game and I hope it will help others make an informed purchase. I have played all the way through the game and I will do my best not to post any specific story spoilers.This Is the Police is a story based game with a noir theme and story and light management elements. You dispatch police officers and detectives to deal with 911 calls and crimes. At various points in the game you will have to make decisions on who to support, how to talk to the press, and whether or not to placate any of the factions that pressure you to do things their way. I got the game after watching about half an hour of it played on Youtube. The youtuber got to the first major plot choice and made a decision I disagreed with. I decided to buy the game there because I wanted to see what happened if the other path was chosen. I thought the game would have a ton of content with branching story paths. Sadly, this was not so. The choice I made led to the exact same situation the youtuber was in, and the consequences of my decision had no impact on the rest of the story.This is my biggest problem with the game. None of the major choices you make affect the game on much more than a cosmetic level. You may back one faction over another but the same situations happen the only difference being the name of the faction telling you what to do. For all the decisions you make there is one ending to the game (if you count game overs as endings there are a few more). Really, the decisions you make are simply your life bar.♥♥♥♥♥♥off a faction too much and they murder or imprison you and it's game over.My second biggest problem is that there isn't any randomization to the calls you get. I didn't realize this until after I died once but day 23 is the same no matter how many times you play it. This kills almost all replay value and makes it very tedious to replay through a day (or a week) if you died.Lastly the ending. I really liked the story for most of the game. Toward the ending though it felt very rushed. The one ending was not very satisfying. Several of the important plot lines are just lost and we never learn what happened.This Is the Police is more like reading a book then playing a game. Sure you have some choices to make, sure there are interesting things that can happen to you in the game to make your experience a bit different but it doesn't have much of an effect on the world around you. In a story based game the player should be able to have some effect on the story. This is the Police didn't deliver that."
76561198026362340,Not Recommended,443810,33098236,Posted: 1 July,all,Pill Cosby,poor representation of how policing works.
69696969996669696,Recommended,443810,28309245,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Hitler for gay marriage,I like firing black people
,Not Recommended,443810,33984798,Posted: 2 August,all,Gay Guillaume,"this game is just about clicking things and watching a clock, nothing matters in what choices you choose in the crimes and the story is lackluster, but i do like jon st. john so that's a plus too bad the game has 0 substance except♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,443810,24751314,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Upana,"Has something new in it, sure. But no. Free will in this game is ultimately an illusion, you're more or less thrown down a specific path. You can work to edge yourself out of this path but it won't really do you any good. The game will either kill you off (ending the game) or reduce your budget so you can't really actually play the game at all.Your choices, the big ones, have zero affect on the overall game story arch.The day-to-day gets tedious after about 40 days (of 180) into the game. By day 80 I started skipping story cutscenes as well. Same with music (you'll see).By day 120 I basically stopped playing the game, except for the detective stories to bring down the mob. By day 160 I wasn't doing anything at all, just idling and waiting for the day to end - dismissing report after report about ""killing there"", ""kidnapping there"", ""massacre over there"". Didn't make any difference to anyone. And if I did decide to send out cops on any kind of mission, odds were about 1 in 3 that one of them would get killed ""in a mysterious car accident"".Replay? heh.  Story?  pulp.There is potential in this engine however, I'd welcome this game, in a truly free world setting, where choices and actions have real consequences and don't all lead to the same melodramatic end result."
,Recommended,443810,29652338,Posted: 2 February,all,The Lazy Worker,"כיאה למשחק שיצא בתחילת החודש, וחלה עליו הנחה יפה בחנות ה-STEAM, תפסתי את המשחק מהר כדי להשביע את הרעב שלי למשהו מרענן חוץ מ-Rocket League עטור השבחים וקאונטר סטרייק הישן והטוב. יחסית למשחק שנוצר בידי חבורת אלמונים, ולא ע""י חברת משחקים מוכרת, יש למשחק ריח מרענן מאוד. במשחק ישנה נטישה מוחלטת של הגרפיקות המציאותיות שרוקסטאר יוצרת עם GTA ויוביסופט עם FAR CRY, והמשחק כולו מעוצב בסגנון מיושן וארט-דקו. מסרטון הפתיחה - הגאוני בכל קנה מידה - אפשר להריח בקלות את מה שהמשחק רוצה שנרגיש.  הקול העבה והמרגיע של הדמות הראשית והומור גרוטסקי- מיני כבד מאוד אך לא מעיק או דוחה שקיים במשחק הוא בהחלט הישג של כותב טקסטים מחוכם ואינטיליגנט.המשחק מספר את סיפורו של צ'יף המשטרה המקומי של העיר פרייבורג (Freeborg), ג'ק. לאחר שנקבע לג'ק תאריך פיטורים של 180 יום בתחילת המשחק אנו חיים את חיו כשוטר מסור בעיר מושחתת שבסך הכל מנסה לסיים את הקריירה שלו בתנאיו.בדרכו של ג'ק עומדת המאפיה המקומית, ומאבק בינה אל מאפיונר חדש שמצטרף לעיר. לאחר מכן ישנו מאבק בין ה""מציל של העיר""- סוג של פיטר פן שחושף את עצמו לבין ראש העיר הוותיק והמושחת במאבק לראשות העירייה. ג'ק עומד באמצע כל המאבקים האלה כגיבור מקומי, צ'יף שתושבי העיר מעריצים והצד שג'ק בוחר בו, לרוב מנצח. המשחק מלא באפשרויות בחירה שישפיעו על המשחק, כך שניתן לשחק אותו מספר פעמים וליהנות ממשחק שונה למדי.בנוסף לכל הריבים האלה אשתו של ג'ק עוזבת אותו במהלך המשחק, דבר שגורם לו לתהות רבות מתי תשוב לחייו, עד שנוצרת ידידות ואף יותר מכך עם התובעת העירונית החדשה. כמובן שגם פה יש לשחקן החלטות, המשפיעות גם על עתידו הזוגי של ג'ק במשחק.המשחק עצמו מראה את עבודתו של ג'ק בניהול תחנת המשטרה, פיטור ומינוי שוטרים ושליחתם למשימות השונות המופיעות על גבי מפת העיר. המשחק מזכיר מאוד את המשחקים הדומים בקטגוריה ולא מראה שום חידוש כיאה למשחק דל תקציב. לעומת זאת, גדולתו של המשחק נמצאת דווקא בסצנות העלילה המתרחשות בין הימים שהשאירו אותי משתוקק לסוף היום כדי לראות מה מתרחש. בנוסף לכך, נהניתי מההומור הנפלא והגרפיקה שאישית משכה אותי מאוד, יחד עם מנגינות הסקסופון המהנות שהיוו אושר צרוף.לסיכום, זהו משחק דל תקציב, דבר הניכר לעין, אך הוא בעל אוירה מרעננת וכיפית. העלילה מעניינת וההחלטות שעל השחקן לקחת הן גדולות וכך גם התוצאות וההשלכות שלהן על המשחק. יש למשחק מספר רב של סופים, חלקם מפתיעים וחלקם פחות בלשון המעטה. האוירה, המוזיקה, ההומור והגרפיקה עושים לי טעם של עוד. ציון 6.5"
,Not Recommended,443810,24673323,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Denia [87th],BAD ENDİNG 0/10
,Not Recommended,443810,25120655,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,DUNTUCHDUHCRANK,"I wanted to refund this game, but just BARELY put enough time in that I can't.It seems fun- at first. The first couple missions are engaging and the story seems to want to draw you in... And then you realize that it's going to be the same thing, day in and day out. You don't really have any say in the story or how things go, and it's very linear. The gameplay is fun, for what it is, though."
76561198074187468,Not Recommended,443810,31027375,Posted: 8 April,all,callum_armour,"For a game that pretends to give you choice and plan your own adventure this game is a horrible disapointment... The lazy developers hide behind a defense that ""well in real life your often be screwed whatever you do"" to justify a game which throws you options about who to befriend or betray and how corrupt to be but really every single little adventure branch and I mean EVERY one will route you back to an exact same outcome with just a different gang/politicians name. This applies on every single mission and side quest as well as the final ending choice, you have the illusion that be choosing option a or b your having some sort of impact on a story but in actual fact the devs don't even bother with more than one ending for anything."
,Not Recommended,443810,25023930,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Savage Hero,The ending leave so much to question and is so bland
,Not Recommended,443810,30131645,Posted: 23 February,all,Bormac,Be prepared to have your entire force get killed off by a single dude with a pistol.Grade A Police work.
76561197983301475,Recommended,443810,29260647,Posted: 14 January,all,RabidUrko,Great be in charge of city cops game.Lots of variety in gameplay within game.
,Not Recommended,443810,26527882,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,joao_canhada,Dont open in my mac :/ the game broken after i try open.
,Not Recommended,443810,24958651,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,drAgunov,"Find this game a little pricey for what it has to offer.Thought failure was funny, as long as it was random.At the start it's a fun organizational game, but relatively scripted to ensure succes.After a while it gets a little too buggy for my taste.Examples:-Lead detectives die and gang investigation becomes unsolvable.-After officer died I can't directly hire a new one. Have to wait a day in case he suddenly revives perhaps.Story is enjoyable but lenghty cutscenes make them a little annoying.0/10 prefer cocaine"
,Recommended,443810,24795662,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Yoshi Bagelson,"Sees game on storeThinks ""ayy that's pretty good""Buys gameStarts gameSees cool title screenThinks ""ayy that's pretty good""Starts new gameHow-To-Play.jpegFriend / Deputy does a shady""Oh no you do a bad""Friend gets involved with mafiaI help the friend because I pity himI am a police chiefWho helps the mafiamrfeelsbadman.pngMafia now want me to do thingsCity hall wants me to do things2much4me (and my officers)Not enough time or officers""This game won't do anything to me""""It's not that smart""Cutscene plays after breakfastJack Boyd is deadFigures it was a part of the gameReturns to the title screenGames way of saying ""game over ♥♥♥♥♥♥""10/10 would underestimate game again"
76561198075236130,Not Recommended,443810,25136416,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,EtherealPineapple,"Fun and interesting game, really. But it does get a bit boring and repetitive. I recommend watching some walkthroughs of this game before you purchase it. Also I don't think it's worth the price."
76561197974630832,Not Recommended,443810,24808454,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Dazwootoo,"Posted: 10 August""Basically a visual novel where your choices have consequences, but those choices are limited in scope.You have to be a dirty cop, to one degree or another. I did not want to play a dirty cop.Like other reviews, I found the 'management' and 'simulation' aspects to be more like a mobile game.Not what I was expecting, and I tried to like it, I gave it 2 hours. ""I can literally only echo this review, very frustrating game if you dont want to be a dirty cop you die."
,Not Recommended,443810,30705194,Posted: 24 March,all,DarkRiderKun,Wasted 18 Hours for a game with a ****ty ending.
76561198003726213,Not Recommended,443810,29910945,Posted: 13 February,all,Mister Fister,"Gets quite boring and repetitive and you cannot skip certain sequences that annoy the hell out of you.It's a good game to play when you're extremely hungover though, as it doesn't require much skill and is more akin to a visual novel."
76561198059689738,Not Recommended,443810,24908318,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,ksyh05,"good story good atmospehere good gameplayRelly disappointing endingyour choice, efforts - dosen't matterdon't buy it - if you don't want to be bitter"
,Not Recommended,443810,24740241,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Otterson,"Time killer2k16 should be the games new name is.  You do the job that any window licking, clorox tasting person could do with their eyes half open. This game lacks depth, for 90% of the time you're sitting here clicking every once in a while on popups, and sending random officers to 911 calls  (cause after a certain amount of time it doesnt matter what the 911 call is or how dangerous it is, your officers will be skilled enough to deal with anything and the game becomes pointless) and the other 10% of the time you're watching a slowly progressive cutscene explain a linear plot.Buy this game if you want to slowly feel the life sucked out of you as you spend over half the game selecting what music you want to listen to. 2.5/10"
,Not Recommended,443810,24805223,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Raphael,"This game is full of ""gotcha"" moments, goes on much too long, and has no variety in gameplay. It's boring and frustrating. Skip it."
76561198030561471,Not Recommended,443810,24819742,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Somebody Else's Problem,"The plotline is dull, the characters are uninteresting, the ratio of story segments to gameplay is unbalanced, and it just wasn't any fun for me.  I regret having spent time and money on this game."
,Recommended,443810,26164507,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Jambatti,Like a real police.
,Recommended,443810,24682089,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,BopkyTa,gg
,Not Recommended,443810,24733983,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Number Six,"If this were a film or a television show, it would be completely medicore, lacking in both authenticity and originality. As a management/strategy game it is remarkably simplistic and shallow. Buy on a steep discount and enjoy it for the tawdry time killer it is."
76561198272012403,Not Recommended,443810,31556824,Posted: 5 May,all,Ryzen_7x,"What a garbage game you do the same thing for hourse and in the end it dosent matter what you do,"
76561198209347237,Not Recommended,443810,29536461,Posted: 28 January,all,The Boot,The dialogue made me cringe
76561198037542749,Not Recommended,443810,30987118,Posted: 6 April,all,Flash,Interesting at first but you cant play unless your crooked
76561197978348394,Not Recommended,443810,24849707,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Dregor,"This game isn't bad, but for the price I wouldn't recommend it. The god damned car starting cut scene at the start of every day annoyed me the first time. By the 30th time I wanted to punch someone in the face. You can't skip it and it plays every damn time. Who thought that was a good idea? Overall the game was tolerable for killing time."
76561198214206376,Not Recommended,443810,28883789,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Hartbeatz (Storm),Looked interesting at first. Bored after 10 minutes. 0/10 wouldn't play again.
,Not Recommended,443810,28195488,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Minaraho,1 your website does not work2 this game turned into a political statement but nice try
76561198008297851,Not Recommended,443810,25242279,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,MeridiasXVI,"Meh.  Talk about pretentious.I guess this game is trying to tell a story.  I don't know for sure because I started skipping the cutscenes after the 200th attempt to generate ""atmosphere"" by giving me some police aphorism that felt more like a two-bit English major trying real hard to think like a policeman.  You could tell there was no real police experience behind every line--just some indie dev trying to make ""noire game"".  The story is boring and verbose: hold left mouse button to skip, please.  Next time just copy and paste from ""The Maltese Falcon"".On top of having to listen to a story that seems to go on and on (not to mention the fact that it's a bit implausible), the game puts a ridiculous number of obstacles in your way when you want to actually manage your police force:Listen to the story (as mentioned).Watch your character try to start his car. Every. Day.Time to pick a record to play today.  Wait, what?  Instead of just playing music automatically, every day YOU pick a record to listen to. I don't care game...please let me play the part I want to.  ""But wait, you have a catalog, and can spend the money you're supposed to be building up for retirement on over-priced records!""  ""Why would I do that?""  ""To build ATMOSPHERE, you philistine.""Once you make it to the part of the game you actually paid money for, you get about two minutes of game time before the day's over and you go home.  The last 45 seconds will be sitting there watching your last squad car return to the station, with pretty much nothing to do.  Then you start the whole stupid ""immersion-building"" sequence over again.I still can't believe how much time I spent NOT playing this game in 4 hours.Anyway, I lost patience when my character's salary got reduced by 90%, and 50% of the men under my authority were removed.  Make all the idiotic record-choosing immersiveness you want, but that kills any atmosphere right there--my character should be fired.  What city council says ""Hey, our police chief is a corrupt S.O.B., so let's fire half of our police force.""Anyway, I'm in the minority, I guess, but I didn't like this one."
,Not Recommended,443810,24838982,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Herr_Starr,Boring. Basically a smartphone clicker with an overstereotypated plot.
76561198013779256,Not Recommended,443810,30432974,Posted: 10 March,all,netxus,Дешёвая философия уставшего от жизни старого пердуна с отличным войс актингом. Своих денег не стоит.
76561198010177928,Not Recommended,443810,24761781,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Larrynautik,"""You've been arrested, Game Over"".No idea of why.Game is ununderstandable. Devs put a ton if secret conditions to anything which make things impossible to foresee.Lost 14 bucks."
76561198343483053,Not Recommended,443810,31082654,Posted: 11 April,all,shumking123,pretty bad
,Not Recommended,443810,25123232,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,DICK_BALLS_DICK_BALLS_DICK_BALLS,"Played 36 hours. Was fun for first 20. Last 16 are repetitive, and I've come to realize that all/any choices made during gameplay don't matter. Don't-buy-this/10"
,Recommended,443810,30768722,Posted: 27 March,all,Sleepy Sheepy,GET DOWNThis Is the Police
76561198026386095,Not Recommended,443810,24673205,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,erfqfrqe,"Having experience in law enforcement, this game caught my eye and I've been looking forward to it's release. I've noted the media response to some elements of the game, but a game like this would be missing a trick if it didn't give a nod to some of the real life moral and political issues that have faced policing in the past. So morally I don't find this an issue, and I will address some of the particular issues in a moment.The art style is really satisfying and suits the type of gameplay really well. I found the introduction a bit long, and there was one point at which the voice acting didnt match the subtitles, which broke my immersion a little bit. In my opinion this is an unforgivable mistake, as I would expect a competant tester to pick it up straight away. However in the grand scheme of things it isnt game breaking, just dissapointing.There is some real depth in the gameplay, and it really is all about choices. For my first playthrough, I've decided to make decisions based on my own morals. The directive from City Hall to sack all black police officers? Ignored...the game gave me a choice, and I made it.The tutorial forces you to sack someone, so I picked my lowest skilled employee and sacked him legally, on the basis he was too old. I could have equally sacked in illegally.My tactic so far is to send one highest skilled officer with one lowest skilled officer to incidents, in the hope that the good officer will be a positive influence on the low skilled guy. So far it has paid off.Each day is introducing more gameplay elements, and I would say that the developers have given this game a lot of thought, and it does reflect some aspects of real life policing.Whenever I get just shy of 2 hours on a game, I question if it is worth the money...if not, I get a refund. My initial impressions of this game were good, but it gets really really boring really really quickly. So I wouldnt recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,443810,34111262,Posted: 8 August,all,unemployed black astronaut,I'm calling the cops
,Recommended,443810,32735995,Posted: 24 June,all,Hymen Buster 5000,F*CK HOT GIRLS AND KILL BAD GUYS HE'LL YEAH!!!!!!!!!
76561198117014448,Recommended,443810,24678242,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Saul Goodman,I hate kid in this game ..
76561197997130576,Not Recommended,443810,26302001,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Harlock | HTD,read yolan review
76561198037303514,Recommended,443810,24677786,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,jebany farmer csoffer.me,if fredrik is smart then this game is bad
,Not Recommended,443810,31168649,Posted: 15 April,all,Mr. Cunt,this is the bad game
,Not Recommended,443810,25181516,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Barbaros,"Boring and monotone game... Everyday same actions, same adventures & simple stupid detective..."
,Not Recommended,443810,24675885,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Ruzen,"Too linear for an RNG based strategy game.Art is good.Sound effects lacking. Realy there is a guy who read the lines(very well even the half of the dialogue was, meh)There are enough gameplay features but making It linear is really boring.If only this game has more random elements. The difficulty was ok for me.People are right about some bizarre quest. Which are immersion breaking like fire all black officers for being black and suicide bomb suspects at that era??The Games story is good and It's well told for some time but then It starts to drag with cheesy dialogues and unnecessary grind cutscenes.Well, critics were right this time. This is the police, is just missing a few things but those accumulate to preventing this game to become, a hit!Unless this game receives major patches focusing on random assignments each day, different outcomes and re-designing some quests. I won't recommend this game before sale."
76561197960651343,Not Recommended,443810,24920874,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,barkbell,its only fun abusing poors and minorities for so long
76561198158107946,Not Recommended,443810,32723363,Posted: 24 June,all,manwithcamera,Boring
76561198005962054,Not Recommended,443810,24833874,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Nivix(MystLynx),"Boring, tedious, unfun. Wanna play an awesome game? Get ""This War of Mine""!"
,Not Recommended,443810,24787507,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Amy Schumer,Game lacks depth.
,Not Recommended,443810,26460709,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Kam,xcvbn
,Not Recommended,443810,25186123,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,技能点全加卖萌上了,NO CHINESE = TRASH GAMENO CHINESE = NO RICH PLAYERNO CHINESE = COMPANY DIE
76561198082638877,Recommended,443810,30531471,Posted: 15 March,all,Tea of Black,a simple game that isnt simle. a game with a nice story the best voice acting you could have imagined for this and the overall quality of this game is very apparent
,Recommended,443810,30499685,Posted: 13 March,all,Sgt. Pepper,Really Love this game. Great music and gameplay. The story immersion in terms of the 60s-70s era is pretty good. Would love a sandbox mode though. 10/10 love the jazz songs feels really relaxing
76561198115302552,Recommended,443810,27980720,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,LightSaber,"The game is good except that the devs didnt get the full potential out of it. Pretty interesting game in the first 60-90 days, but you'll get bored pretty fast.The only reason it is recommended because I feel it is pretty novel and indie and all the bad things below doesnt make the play of the game not worthy.The ending of this game is a mess. You get to choose two sides and both sides leads to the same ending for Boyd :(. Everything you've done, everyone you've met, how you handled everything does not matter at all. I took down every single gang the game allowed, i did literally zero corruption, i basically earned my 0.5M, that does not matter. Laura leaves Boyd anyway because Boyd is corrupted. Furthermore the game shows you nothing after you end it. No statistics, nothing."
76561198132913640,Recommended,443810,27990309,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,jopu9908,"This is the Police is a really amazing game with the amount of drama, sitting, little part of the game can be so amazing!I will just say if you don't play it, you can't really understand how it feel for me.But, if you like the game with well story, drama, then I think it is worth it to try."
76561197997305783,Recommended,443810,24718483,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Mimic Deets,"It's an interesting game. You play as a chief of police in a noir-like story who has to juggle his owrk with the mafia, city hall, and a lot of other crazy happenings. You gotta deal with your staff missing work, shortage of people during shifts, and even how many to send out on the field.Yet despite how hard it sounds, I find myself unable to stop playing the game until the very end. Which I'm still working on. I gotta admit, the voice acting is pretty sweet."
76561198176027401,Recommended,443810,24716565,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,A Fat Ham Sammy,This is the Police is great. super addicting. and there is plenty of room to become invested in the main character Jack. The back story leaves you intrested in what will happen next. And its pretty exciting to wonder what will randomly happen around every corner. Deff reccomend.
,Recommended,443810,24713627,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,XboxOneNoob,"Payed the mafia to start a special mission to get rid of some cops I did not want, random mission one day was a police tap; I accidently sent 3 of my best cops because there were not many missions left. Turns out that was the mission the mafia started to get rid of the cops I did not want. Crying because I lost MY BEST 3 ♥♥♥♥ING COPS!"
,Recommended,443810,24729650,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Whoolygamer,"Very Good game, just wished there was a little more story to it."
,Recommended,443810,24726000,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,jamie,"Really good game, Enjoying it very much, not sure the price reflects the game content.I would wait until a sale."
,Recommended,443810,24726977,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,WanderingEden,"One of a kind gem. Branching narrative, amazing writing, gritty atmosphere, unique mechanics. Buy. Buy. Buy."
,Recommended,443810,24699452,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Bluetooth,"I got this game yesterday, and I was INSTANTLY in love. The minimalist graphics, the incredible framerate (I have a bad computer, and am used to slooooow games), and the overall appeal. This game is the best thing that has ever happened to me. Out of 10 stars, I'd give... 911 quintillion.(See what I did there? Police? 911? Eh?)"
,Recommended,443810,24731083,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Dr.Beardfacé,"-Responding to an unlawful assembly-Protesters chanting ""White is right""-Sends squad led by Officer White-Requests backup-Refuse backup-Offender is arrested with no civilian or police casualties-White was wrong.0/10"
,Recommended,443810,24727790,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Ongoingwhy,"Some rich guy offered to help me get 3 more officer slots and in exchange, I will have to hire his good for nothing adopted son, Persy, and never fire him. So, I took the offer and let his son stay on the team. I worked him like a dog and basically sent him out to work(along with a higher ranking officer with experience) whenever I could. A few weeks down the road, Persy was a decent officer with one stripe.10/10 would give someone a second chance again"
76561198043888147,Recommended,443810,24896695,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Your bully,"It's a nice management type game where you play the role as a police chief who dispatches officers to events that pop up on the game screen.Very simplistic but interesting dispatch system.Unit leveling system with interesting hiring and firing mechanics.Events that pop up and forces you to alter the way you were going to play that day or lose out on a bonus/relationship increase.The story is still able to keep my attention and reminds me of vice dramas.Small but fitting music collection (really needs an autoplay).BUTThere are some faults, many of which become very apparant after you put in a number of hours:The dispatch gimmick turns monotonous later in the gameBarely any new mechanics get added after the first few weeksAfter a while every day turns into a chore and leaves you praying for another story cutscene that either eats the day or causes a timeskip.Very easy to suck the♥♥♥♥♥♥of every faction which makes choices moot.RNG dependant Detective cases can ♥♥♥♥ you over for days.The car starting up was funny for like 2 days.180 ♥♥♥♥ing daysThe ghetto.This game can be considered average for the money spent on it.It was okay but it could have been better."
,Recommended,443810,24716622,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Lux_BBs,My officer's keep dying. I give the orders of where to go and what to do.  They listen to me. And it's all because of me that they're in the morgue and I'm still collecting their pay. What horrible person have I become? I couldn't do it anymore. Then the mayor keeps cutting my budget while I keep collecting pay from the mafia. I'm as crooked as they come.P.S.Worth every cent! Play this game!
,Recommended,443810,24869400,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,jdmango,"This is the first game that's driven me to write a review.This game is just fantastic. If you think you might like it, just go for it. I'm only on day 25 and cannot wait to see where this game takes me. Very fun, very smart. Great storytelling. You owe it to yourself to try this one."
,Recommended,443810,24764760,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Pensieve,"It's a nice game, until you find out you can't really make your own choices. You have to be a shady cop. Also would have been nice if the cases were randomized. I had to start over and everything was exactly the same. But still it's a fun game."
76561198048344043,Not Recommended,443810,25388236,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,LordHumungus,It's a mildy entertaining distraction that I got about 2 hours of gameplay from before getting bored. I feel like I paid 3 times the fair price for it
,Recommended,443810,25362787,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Cidrick,"Fun game, just needs to be a few hours shorter and have a more satisfying ending."
76561198166788878,Not Recommended,443810,25506056,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,ʎnפ ʇɐɥ┴,this game is solid but i h8 how the mayor ♥♥♥♥s u over when u dont♥♥♥♥♥♥his♥♥♥♥♥♥... this game will punish u for no reason
76561198016277251,Not Recommended,443810,25511849,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,AlexMBrennan,"First of all, the GUI keeps freezing on Linux despite the game allegedly having Linux support. As such, I cannot really recommend it.Secondly, the game is almost entirely random - based on the roll of the die, you can either have everyone show up or get six officers asking for a day off. You can have 6 1500+ officers with SWAT support die in a mission, but get no injuries if you were to reload and try the exact same sequence of events. The only way you can affect the outcome of events is through foreknowledge of events due to the questionable experience mechanic (every officers gets 10xp for each successful mission, so should maximize the officers sent out if there isn't anything else coming up because your most experienced veteran will still learn something watching a rookie complete a the most trivial of missions). It's a fun experience, but I would question if it is really a game.Finally, some of the puzzles can be rather unfair (e.g. one case has the squence ""bomber walking with full bag"", ""bomber walking with empty bag"", ""bomber removing bomb from bag"") and subjective (e.g. there are two pallete swapped bags, and one of them is ""girly"" - is that the black leather one, or the brown leather one?)"
76561198031671177,Recommended,443810,25330238,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,xaltan92,"Good game, i liked it, except for the last 3 in-game week"
,Recommended,443810,25269287,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Knight Captain Sir Grantalot,Gameplay and Story are beautiful beyond belief.However the Ending reminded me of Mass Effect 3.
,Not Recommended,443810,25914225,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,swiftyy,This is another case of a fantastic game broken by a single bug. So I love the gameplay and cutscenes and even things like audio and voice acting is great. So why the bad review? Well If I attempt to leave the game it blue screens my whole PC and doesnt save anything. This is extremely annoying and I don't know who else this is happening to. Until this is patched I simply can't recommend this game.
76561198025506716,Recommended,443810,25738636,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,daltsy,"I really ummed and ahhed about purchasing this game, but do not regret my decision one bit.This is the Police is a brilliant, story driven management game that has many twists and turns along the way.Do yourself a favour and indulge."
76561198067192420,Recommended,443810,25792406,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Old Gerg,"""My cats ate some cream past its sell-by date and they had diarrhea all night. They are better now, but id like to spend the day with them. Can I have the day off?""Yes. You can have the day off to hang out with your cats Detective Luckett."
,Recommended,443810,25801491,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,quarz,"Game is fun, voiceover is gorgeous!"
,Recommended,443810,25649650,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,seanxiaosean,This piece is some real David-Simon-style sxxx!
,Recommended,443810,25672541,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,iptkraken,"It makes you wonder for a well-structured game.By itself is a good title, and I would raccomand it, but the actions depend slightly from the time point, the cases are static and defined, although it should make little effort to make them more random.Full of choices that in the end affect really the least about the plot as well as on side quests.If you follow the main lines it wont be hard to gain enough money as well had enough cops/detective. and you'll find that this is the matter.But at least is a little pleasure to play this game. The plot is interesting, no matter how  static, and the play is engaging"
76561198069137764,Not Recommended,443810,25822786,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Uh Sample Nut,So unrewarding and honestly ruined the whole experience for me I Got tons of♥♥♥♥♥♥then it takes it for no reason fun
,Recommended,443810,25827678,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,R4NG3RD0G,"Very good, deep and intresting game,Sometimes it gets repetetive a bit, but every few days thats also gone."
,Recommended,443810,25845665,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Tosh,That awkward moment when youarrested Christopher G. Sandand he is still asking you to do errands for him. 10/10
76561197969545643,Recommended,443810,25859770,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,duncan_greystone,This game is a gem.  Its fun gritty and sometimes frursting and depressing (until you send that one beat cop you hate and cant fire out to remove a♥♥♥♥♥♥covered drunk bum from a donut shop and the bum beats him up AND THEN you can fire him haha).Only issue I have is with how the game ends main story plots. FOr several of them it basically just doesnt. Not even one of the main driving goals of the game (it almost seems pointless in the end its not even mentioned).  The main ending is set in stone with two patheticaly irrelevent differences you can choose; and how you get to the end in your final days is an exercise in patience.  Not letting the player make discissions and atleast attempting to trying to engaging us soured the end of the game for me (whoever pushed the writers down the stairs and replaced them with the guys who wrote the ending to fable 2 I hope you get help).
,Recommended,443810,25829137,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,clashofthetypos,"My review of This is the Police, a police-sim, drama-adventure game with an excellent story and atmosphere:https://youtu.be/pnWxabFI9dE"
,Recommended,443810,25995133,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Seerce,"Great game, really addictive and has got me playing it for almost a week without even touching other games.The ending is kinda weird and unsatisfying, but it shows that life kinda sucks"
76561198090231086,Recommended,443810,24697247,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,SlimShady,a game where a 70 year old man can diffuse a bomb and succesfully clear a bomb threat and a squad of 5 plus a SWAT team cant. Great game 9/11 IGN
76561198096698818,Recommended,443810,25954483,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Zourtix,"Brilliant game. Even the seemingly simplist of descisions require a lot of thought, especially in terms of the main story."
76561198028185820,Recommended,443810,24751698,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Mr. 24's,"It was ONE GUY WITH A SAW, HOW ARE YOU ALL DEAD!If you want to scream such wonderful quotes such as this and reload your save, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,443810,24734889,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,The Mighty Krang,Excellent game.
76561198018722994,Recommended,443810,24735406,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,McWaddles,This game is really good it has a really good story line and the game mechanics are perfect
,Recommended,443810,24735455,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,T.w2|revolver camp,A great game with a great story
76561198071754540,Recommended,443810,24734684,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Cosmo,"Be the head of a Police Department and live to make some difficult and sometimes questionable decisions. Simplistic game, but a great strategic simulator of the complexities of Police Duty. Definitely worth a buy for the price! Good game!"
,Recommended,443810,24719557,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,bumbumbym,"Good concept. Good execution. Low learning curve. Lots of gameplay. Much is similar, but it doesn't get old. I enjoy it."
76561198025193962,Recommended,443810,24719703,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,jjb,Great atmosphere. Great characters. Great gameplay. Great game.
,Recommended,443810,24964124,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,www.twitch.tv/keeprock1n,"Get some glass of wiskey, turn on some jazz music and smoke up some sigars. That game must have for every person that have good taste on things, even it's just an indie games."
76561198068766433,Recommended,443810,24878791,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,transbaz,"If you are looking for a pure action game, this one is not for you. It's rather casual. You are playing as a police chief who is about to retire and tries to stash money away in 180 days.This means there a huge narrative part in this game, like a little movie.But it is interesting, because you have to make choices, cooperating with the Mafia, dealing with « special requests » from the mayor who will need officers for his private needs.The typical shift is a screen where you are playing as a « dispatch ». Several calls will come in and you have to decide which officers you send in according to their competences, how much. Sometimes you won't have enough officers and will have to make choices.Crime scenes will also need to send in detectives to investigate.BUT, you never interact with criminals, no shooting or chasing. You just dispatch according to the number of men you have and they do their job.I regret the drawings are really awful for a narrative story, shame..."
76561197964098183,Recommended,443810,25806340,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,AXLE304E,"This genre is not usually what I play but I bought this game on sale, figured I'd give it a try and 10 hours of my life evaporated before I realized it!  Addicting, challenging and full of interesting characters, decisions and situations the tension mounts the more you play as you guide your character towards what has to be a cliche ending...or is it?"
76561198279005290,Not Recommended,443810,25812000,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,immacanadianreject,"soo disappointed. thought there would be some way to prolong the 180 days like go into an endless mode once you completed the camplaign or something. not worth the $18 for one time play. Love the game though, wish there was an endless mode or more different branches/descisions to make in the game. Makes me sad because I see no reason to play it anymore :("
,Recommended,443810,27188703,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,hellopie Trash,"This is a very interesting game, overall very well told and introduced story. The voice acting was impressive for an indie game and the art was always eye catching. The music felt very relaxing, fit the tone of the gameplay very well. very good idea of letting the player choose the track for the day, and then be able to switch it at any time. It's 100% worth the price! :D"
,Recommended,443810,27096703,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,JBTim79,"This game starts slowly and builds your interest as it goes, I often found myself going 'I'll just play one more game day, one more, ooh okay, one more'Pro:Story is engagingWell writtenArtworkVoice Actingcons:The result of a decision involving fuel is too punishing (re-loading is cheating).The final mission is not explained very well, it is never made clear that you can put two people on one spot."
,Recommended,443810,27131325,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ｃｉｒｉ,"I feel like it's an okay game, don't expect too much from it. The choice you take in this game won't really matter though, it gives the impression of ""your choice matter"" kinda thing. But nevertheless it's a fun indie game for killing time, it does get repetitive at times.My suggestion: pick it up while on discount"
,Recommended,443810,27107605,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,STRAUSS,nice game
,Recommended,443810,27322450,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Shaddam,"An excellent game, fun to play and discover/build the story."
,Recommended,443810,27345371,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The Green Goblin,"This game is a really solid strategy/tycoon/management sort of game. The music is great, as is the voice acting and minimalist graphic style. It has a lot of comedy laced into the calls and such as well. Worth the low price, especially on sale."
,Recommended,443810,27072794,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MaxPayne,"I was pleasantly surprised with this game, because who sees, or expects a police simulator game to be this engrossing and deep while setting an appropriate tone? Definitely recommended, and Duke Nukem and Serious Sam voice act to ""boot""!! Pun partially intended ;)"
,Recommended,443810,27070430,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dirt Diglett,"Beautiful art style that whilst simplistic shows a lot of character behind the... well characters.The gameplay is smooth and I've not encountered any issues, though it gets challenging rather quickly.A hidden gem on the store, if this is the type of game you're into."
,Recommended,443810,27088154,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rec. F. Smith [325th GIR],"Very good story, worth looking into, the art style is amazing, difinatly check it out"
,Recommended,443810,27047701,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,WESROV,Awesome Storyline and Progression.
,Recommended,443810,27257255,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SirFrolo,"Amazing single player experience. Story driven game, that is promised to keep you on edge for 20+ hours. Was not expecting this level of craft, and experience from a 10$ game. Completely blown away, would reccomened to anyone that enjoys single player experiences, with fleshed out story and decision making."
,Recommended,443810,27170181,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,vito0719,I expected it to be good. But this good?
76561198115887545,Not Recommended,443810,26533296,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,universalbasicincome,"Pretty boring. Spent hours sending cops out on calls, nobody ever got hurt, nothing ever went wrong. Kept getting the mafia to sell contraband evidence, never got in trouble. Schmeh."
,Recommended,443810,26622863,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,DracoFlameus,"I have mixed feelings about this game, which is good but has some annoying features.I really like the art style of the game and the gameplay. The cut scenes are well made. The voice acting is just perfect. Lack of choices might be true, but then again there are only very few games which offer you more than just the illusion of choice.However, there are some issues. Early on city hall demands constant changes to your police force. It is extremely annoying. Every now and then you have to replace or fire a certain amount of officers and there is no way to do this without serious repercussions. If you don't do it, city hall is going to reduce funding and you have fewer and fewer officers. There is no way to keep good officers because sooner or later you have to illegaly fire or kill them. That way the whole skill system is basically useless because nobody stays long enough to seriously improve their skills.I'm not sure about the investigations either. In the beginning it made sense and was solveable, but now I have several of them and no matter what I do, no matter how thorough I am with everything (reading the testimonies over again, looking at every image the 10th time), there seems to be no solution and I'm almost out of detectives. There is no feedback at all. When the game says they have no new frames, does that mean I need better detectives? Or does it mean I should be able to solve it? Who knows.All in all it is a good game and it has everything in it that makes it very likeable for me, but especially the (very) ridiculous demands from city hall make everything very tedious. I fully expect them to demand sooner or later that I simply fire all of my officers because the mayor needs some more room to store his money.I'm not sure I'll ever play the whole 180 days. For now I'll let it be but I really hope to continue at some other time."
,Recommended,443810,26509032,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,MrsTheRock,Entertaining decision gameUsed to freeze a lot until used the force to use directx command
76561197980418736,Recommended,443810,26512987,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Playing Dead,"There is a lot of good here, but it has a few shortcomings that weigh it down.For one thing, there seems to be an issue of plausibility and coherence in some of the events. What I mean is that, for instance, the text doesn't always clearly convey the dangerousness of a situation when you have to make choices. For instance, during a hold-up, I had 4 officers and a swat team facing off with a single bank robber holding a single hostage. I clicked trough the dialog options, making relitively safe choices... And the outcome: 3 dead officers! WTF Where they standing in a line and killed by the same bullet? And the guy ran away too! I almost punched the screen. I don't mind the game telling me that I made the wrong choice and the hostage was killed, but this is ridiculous.Furthermore, my Jack ended up dead after only 15 days. Seems like the Sand guy placed a hit on him. Could not figure out what to do to prevent that... Seems like the scarecrows where a clear warning, but Jack did noting to see to his personal safety and I couldn't find a way to make him do anything about it. I believe the game wanted me to do the stuff that Sand told me to do, but it just wasn't plausable. For instance, there was a hostage situation in THE COURTHOUSE... It doesn't make sense that the force would not respond to that. The other one was a hold-up in a casino, with civilians at risk... I'm not saying Jack wouldn't look the other way on a drug deal or some stolen car parts, but if the game expects me to make decisions based on context, the narrative has to make sense.And why is it that officers have to check back in at the office after every call? Don't they have radios in their cars? If they haven't made an arrest, I should be able to redispatch them elsewhere. It would have made the game more complex and more interresting.And why can't I buy a new truck for Jack? That truck starting animation is cute on day 1, ok on day 2, annoying on day 3... by day 55, I bet you just want to punch you screen every single time.And yet, this game has a lot going for it. Hopefully they can fix those small issues with a patch.I would also be curious to know if the game takes the gender into account when determining the outcome of an event. It would be cool if it did, but I was under the impression that the game was gender blind."
76561198005969445,Recommended,443810,26541269,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Bohnam,This game is a perfectly executed Police Drama. With a slow-paced relaxing gameplay. Fantasy of corrupted police depratment. On the note of racism and such - I see it as a criticism of such. 10/10
,Recommended,443810,26540244,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Freepain,"this is a very fun game that even my wife has kicked me off of the computer to play it herself. it has some replay, but with the game being scriped story/calls, I see it not being as much replay as most games. but for the price it is a 100% pick up game!"
76561198060812899,Recommended,443810,25835043,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,FrogBuns,"This game is the first in a long time that has me hooked. Gameplay is a tense and relaxing affair at the same time, the atmosphere and artwork are brilliant and by the gods the voice acting is top-notch!Bonus points for excellent music."
,Recommended,443810,25846637,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Vladimir Ilyich Ulyanov,Very fun game recommend it to anyone
,Recommended,443810,27013551,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Aex,"Goddamn you can't read that book!But this game messes with you, I got nervous sending my best into the field. You never know what's going to happen.Anxiety/10"
,Recommended,443810,26954927,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Barberry2.0,-Play as a crusty old crooked cop juggling between what is wrong and right-Try not to cry because your wife left you-Cry-Drink booze-Listen to jazz-Get half of your officers killed10/10
76561198009169625,Recommended,443810,25854442,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,RaveNess,"Beautifully Made.Intersting gameplay, balancing managing a Police Station from the average Joe Cop to the Politics and crimial area of a city and beyond.Story evolves and puts you to the test with tough decisions about race, age and gender.With niffty small details that pushes this into the 'good game'.Note: Love Jazz and Blues Music now after listening to the soundtrack..."
76561197993651397,Recommended,443810,27396977,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ThaK,"A very good game, the story is mind blowing. I forgot about time and place when I played it. Recommeded on the stronges."
76561198012546658,Not Recommended,443810,28687421,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Greys Anatomy,"Most of the decisions you make generally don't seem to have a different affect than the other. Also, most decisions you make for your police officers are all down to ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t chance. Like, I send 3 officers and shoot to kill an unarmed man, and my police officers somehow die. Dunno, it seemed ok at first but you realise how powerless you are to an RNG game and an already thought out storyline with minor differences"
,Recommended,443810,28685756,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Hex Master,"This game tells an amazing story, although the game play is very similar day to day, the thrill of questioning your every decision with yourself and your officers creates and addictive atmosphere. I would highly recommend this game to anyone who wants a laid back addictive game session."
,Recommended,443810,28687989,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,thagho$t,Just lost my top 4 officers while chasing 1 woman in a van..10/10
76561197995619176,Recommended,443810,28688515,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Bananarchy,"Great story, fun gameplay."
76561198004582704,Recommended,443810,28691379,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,tigris,Addicting!  I especially like the concept of team management and improving your team members.  The story adds enough disruption and unpredictability to break up the monotony.  Props to the designers for coming with some great crime scenarios!
,Recommended,443810,30975200,Posted: 6 April,all,NAEFR,this game is awesome i hop they make another story game with the same system gameplay
,Recommended,443810,28280297,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Baspat,"This story-rich game puts you in the boots of a police chief that faces hard decisions on his way to retirement, and all the decisions makes the game even better. I would definetively recommend this game for people who love taking choices to determine the fate."
76561197996396311,Recommended,443810,28330229,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,krieg_005,"This game has the hallmarks of major Crime media with the feel of DC's Gotham City, Frank Miller's Sin City, and Hannibal all rolled into one as you direct day-to-day operations for both plain clothes police and your detectives to stop street crimes as well as solving longer term investigations ranging from bar brawls and abductions to rapes, terrorism, and even a string of serial murders.You have only one goal: end your last 180 days as Chief of Police with at least $500,000 for retirement that you had neglected to set up for as your retirement from the force has been announced as a complete surprise by the Mayor. How you do that is up to you: do you try to be a clean cop with dignity and integrity breaking up gangs to earn bonuses or will you bend to the will of politics and crime lords and dive into a career of graft and corruption as the ends justify the means? Will it all matter in the end or is this just end of another turn of the wheel?"
,Recommended,443810,28172652,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Sel,"An excellent game, I felt like I could leave it and pick it back up again without losing track of the story line. I only wish it went forever.Best case: guy wrestles swan at zoo because it was looking at him."
,Recommended,443810,28115721,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Rrrger_ThEsPuD,"Surprisingly conplex than I thought, there arethe mifia, the request, the stupid false alarm, the case puzzlethat make this game super fun.9.8/10Don't forget to ""see how the professional do be for you go shaking your t*ts in front of the press"""
76561198042237959,Recommended,443810,28095194,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,ezdez,"Great soundtrack and interesting theme/crime drama. Only complaint is the lack of real difference in the ending and it drags on a bit. Playing through 180 ""days"" or even half that is very slow."
76561198035583056,Recommended,443810,28264170,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,El Ahrairah,Chief Wiggum Simulator 2016.
,Recommended,443810,33055976,Posted: 30 June,all,Taylan,"Just an hour into this game and I'm completely hooked! A big shout out to the developers.Such a gripping narrative! I found myself emphatizing with a 60 year old police chief from the deep south.The way the story unfolds, the soundtrack, the characters.. it is indeed a magnum opus.If you were looking for a police chief simulator (as one does), this is the answer.Pour yourself a glass of whiskey and give this game a try!"
76561197970689944,Recommended,443810,32589877,Posted: 20 June,all,ElGuappo,"Picked this up in the sales and it was well worth the money. As a management game, it's pretty good and the longer you play it, the more depth the game takes on. It's got a solid overall story and a several good sub-plots going on, and there's a decent variety of general cop call-outs to deal with day to day.Really the only caveat is that you're essentially playing it on Ironman all the time. You have one automatic save that kicks in when you leave the game and you pick where you left off when you come back. If you get kicked out of office, killed on the job (fnar-fnar) or just stuff the game up to the point where your roster's essentially useless, tough. You start over, from day 1. The story resets, the cases and sub-plots come up in pretty much the same order at the same time and it's disheartening.It's basically a callback to those annoying games where you'd jump through all manner of hoops to get to this one point... and stuff it up... and then have to back through all the same hoops to get to the same point... and stuff it up... and so through the hoops... and on, and on.Even if you have to earn your right to save by achieving objective, or you get to save every 10 or even 20 days, it would be something... but getting to day 120 and being done by internal affairs... or murdered... just plain sucks.Does it ruin the game enough to not make it worth playing? Absolutely not.But does it ruin it enough that you don't feel inclined to play it through again? Absolutely, yes.But other than that... it's pretty damn nifty."
76561198398457308,Recommended,443810,33348077,Posted: 7 July,all,LittleBigBearzz,coudnt stop playing its awesome
76561198116591074,Recommended,443810,33382398,Posted: 8 July,all,drsugarbush,"I'm ~14 days in to the storyline after ~3.5 hours straight of playtime and having a blast. This definitely seems like a game that can suck you in for a full night or day of play! I'm not sure what might be considered a spoiler by some, so parts of this are intentionally vague.I'm probably going to start over because I somehow totally missed the memo about what my goal is re: money and have therefore been wasting money. (I accidentally skipped a few cut scenes, so I don't recommend that on the first go around!) I also didn't realize that Shift A is one day and Shift B is the next. If you're in or near law enforcement circles like I am, you might miss that too since it's so unrealistic. But then, so is the fact that your officers have to travel back to the police station for new assignments, which can get pretty brutal when the calls are hopping!And the level of corruption is completely comic book land, obviously. That's where you're really going to have to suspend disbelief. You have to accept that there is no virtuous way to play this game. I started out trying to refuse all mafia connections, but you really can't. The game literally told me that not helping a particular mafia person during a...let's say dispute...between leaders would result in my death.I probably would have already known I couldn't play Saint Cop or even Real Cop if I'd read more of the description/reviews, but I just wanted to jump right in. Really, don't waste your time trying to always do the right thing; just try to get some sort of balance between all the powers that have pull on you. You can still make some choices to do the right thing. I didn't cave to the demand to engage in discrimanatory firing of my officers. When my officers call for assistance, I don't respond with boneheaded suggestions that clearly seem more likely to end in officer and/or civilian harm. So you get a few chances to be good/real.You get to select songs from a record collection and you can buy or receive more, which is a neat concept. I just wish there was a way to queue up enough songs to actually get me through the day (rather than realizing the music stopped and having to go to the next one.)"
76561198086524962,Recommended,443810,33477857,Posted: 12 July,all,sanflame24,Totally worth it!!!
76561198068043286,Recommended,443810,33468061,Posted: 11 July,all,HEY FOGMAN MAY I GRIP A CIG?,"Spoiler free review - (I got the game on sale, and took about 20 hours to complete)PROSGood storyFantasic atmosphereGreat artworkGood voice actingCrime investigations are challengingCONSGameplay gets repetitiveThe choices don't really lead the story in any other directionThe ending left me feeling a little unsatisfiedThe Price (For what you get)Conclusion; Worth it on sale and was worth a playthrough, however I think the replay value is not great,6.5/10"
,Not Recommended,443810,33452228,Posted: 11 July,all,s33ker,"Too repetitive. First 1 hour IRL was awesome - police management, story line, soundtrack, decision making. But the more you play the more you see how boring and dull it is. Animated story line ends, police station management becomes more grind then pleasure, soundtrack choosing before each day feels too irritating, decision making has no impact to ending.The most wanted features would be like two status: respect of police and mafia. And you have to choose to make a balance or for example bee the bad cop and help mafia giving drugs back to them and etc.TL;DR; Needs improvement because of 1 hour of playing it's no more attractive and interesting."
76561198214493947,Recommended,443810,33486405,Posted: 12 July,all,Wolf der Sturm,Warm rain beats down in waves on pavementThe wind sings its prose while I'm waitingFor the cold to reach to my bones...
,Not Recommended,443810,33407239,Posted: 9 July,all,Proos,"I only recomend this game on sale.This game is frustating as much as it could be.First of all it's very loooong game with very minimalistic gameplay. Not all you choises matters or affect something.The plot have few twist but it's very straight forward. I believ that this game shouldn't be taged as story rich(very few of choises, very few of them affect something).The investigations are boring to the end - there were twenty hours already and still - no invetigation with any serious issues or something interesting(just look at the foto and drag and drop it in proper place, that it. Gang investigations is pretty the same - you climb only to top, and you have never any issues with it)on some point the mafia tries to kill main character - but you just reload the game and it's ok - wtf?It's not story rich, it's not even complicated or have any relation with good gameplay - only repetetive boring action. It have very good art, very stilish music, but still - very boring."
,Not Recommended,443810,33430424,Posted: 10 July,all,ErkinPLAYS,"This Is The Police is a good game, yet I cannot recommend it. Before explaining the reason why I cannot recommend it, let me first try to explain what the game is like (without any spoilers).You are a police chief who is to retire in 6 months. You actually have 180 in-game days to play. The story is actually quite good for a management game, and after a while, it is the story that keeps you playing to find out what is going to happen next.The gameplay is good as well. The idea is fresh and interesting -- makes you wonder why has no one ever thought about making a police department management game before. You have a certain number of officers and detectives in your team (divided into two shifts -- 24 hours on-duty, 24 hours off-duty, unless you order them to stay for the following day). The police department receives many calls everyday, to which you should dispatch the necessary number of officers or detectives to handle. It may sound repetitive and grindy, but the gameplay is actually quite enjoyable, since each day poses a new challenge as so many unexpected things happen. For example, some days are just busier, some of the officers might decide to take the day off and make your life harder, and so on.While you are trying to protect the people of your city, you MUST as well try to be on the good side of three different (and mostly opposing) parties: the City Hall, the Mafia, and your staff. Get on the bad side of the City Hall, they lower your salary and fire your officers; displease the Mafia, they will kill you(!); mistreat your staff, they will give the City Hall the excuse they need so much to fire you. Here is where the game shows its downside. If you fail to make any of these three sides happy, it's game over (maybe not literally, but the game will become so irritating to play). And the fact of the matter is that it is not easy (and not very fun) to make all the three sides happy. And what is worse is that, once you get on their bad side, it is almost impossible to make amends.This makes choices in the game completely meaningless, because you MUST always try to please everybody. For example, you are faced with a choice of either to do the right thing or to please the City Hall. It may sound like mind-boggling and all, but the thing is that the choices in the game are not choices at all. You should always do one thing and only one thing: KEEP THE THREE SIDES HAPPY! Otherwise, you will not be able to keep playing the game.For example, I failed to make the City Hall happy, and by the 90th day, I could not tolerate the game anymore. I was stuck in a cursed cycle: the City Hall is unhappy --> they fire my officers (almost one every other day) --> I fail to answer so many calls because I do not have officers to dispatch --> the City Hall becomes less and less happier --> they fire more of my officers --> the cycle goes on! Who on Earth thought this was a good idea? Lower my salary as much as you want, I don't give a hoot. But how is firing my officers going to help anybody? It doesn't make any sense! By the 90th day, I had only three officers in each shift (some calls need 5-6 officers dispatched -- and the number of false alarm calls are just too many to make your life even harder).I really enjoyed playing This Is The Police up to some point. But the fact of the matter is that its gameplay is broken and needs to be fixed. If you are looking for a fresh experience, you might want to try it, given it's on a sale. But if you are looking for a game to spend a lot of time on and have fun with, stay away from This Is The Police."
,Recommended,443810,33491139,Posted: 12 July,all,ReaganRules,"This Game is very good, highly recommend it. Worth Every penny, it really puts you in the position where you have to decide where you want to send people. What you want to do. It's not up to the game it is completely up to you!"
,Recommended,443810,33507006,Posted: 13 July,all,Sir Snail ๑ﭥ,Great casual game
,Recommended,443810,33529692,Posted: 13 July,all,Sniper,It is one of the best games i've ever played.But the ending is just so disappointing and I need someone to talk to about it because I'm so sad.
76561197969982319,Not Recommended,443810,33590856,Posted: 16 July,all,DrGoatcabin,"The first half is fairly good. It starts to really drag in the second half, feeling like quite a grind.I have a few issues with the game -- I've got someone (Clementine Burrows) giving me money every day and I've no idea who they are or why I'm getting money.- One or two people get mentioned in the cinematic storyboards in a way that seems like I'm supposed to have met or seen before but I'm sure that a couple of them haven't come up before.- The very limited, mostly awful jazz (with a couple of classical) music tracks are poor;  I resent being prompted to pick a track to play from this pretty bad selection every single day, to the point that I prefer to have no music... Either that or just give me an option to permanently choose random so I don't have to click through the pointless track selection every day.- I had some sort of union criticism aganst me towards the end of the game and was told that I'd have a hearing in a few days time.  Earlier in the game, I'd have the opportunity to do someting a bit iffy (usually at the request of city hall), which results in a hearing/inquest and I'd understand what the complaint relates to and I had an opportunity to say something in the hearing or speak to my second in command beforehand and try something shady.  Not this time; I don't even get to sit through the hearing to find out what the complaint is, but I get told I'll lose about half my officers or 90% or my pay.  I resent not understanding what I'm being punished for.- My assistant / second-in-command had disappeared at some point, removing a number of options for dealing with daily issues.  Again, I've no idea why he disappeared or where he went.  It really cuts down the options available, which makes things a bit harder and so increases the grind.- People who come to work having drunk too much the night before seem to have a 50% chance of killing themselves in their cars if sent somewhere;  seems a bit extreme.- Shortly after the start of the game, you could hire a snitch.  No explanation of what this did, but I took a reasonable guess that it'd be some druggy or pimp on the street who'd give good leads on♥♥♥♥♥♥going down in the city. But why do I have to nominate a police officer when I pay for a snitch?  Oh well. Perhaps they are the handler of the snitch... Nope!  Almost all the way through the game, I still have seen no benefit from buying a snitch, who seems to be the policeman/officer themselves, and they inevitably end up dead!  I still don't know what the point of them is and why it's not the conventionally understood 'guy on the street'.  I'm guessing that they identify political affiliations of other officers when you're told to keep officers of different alignments apart from each other... but when I was told this, I no longer had the vice-chief/assistant dude (no idea why) and so could not hire any snitches!- There's seems to be a really obvious flaw where, if you get close to too few staff, you can't keep up a good enough record to handle the workload and so city hall constantly phones in telling you to remove staff, which makes it harder to keep on top of things the next day... lose more staff, harder next day, lose more, etc.  And there's now way of getting a good enough record to get approval to gain more officers.   ""Oh. What's that?  You want me to lose another officer.  Well OK then.  It's going to be a bit hard now with just 2 rozzers but we'll give it a go..."".  [Cue daily carnage]. *Ring Ring*. ""Your performance isn't up to standards.  Lose another slot""... ""Good luck out there today, Geoff. The city's counting on you"".    It's a bit ludicrous."
,Recommended,443810,30519862,Posted: 14 March,all,Celt,"Disclaimer: I've a couple more hours in this game than it says, I acquired it before through less than legitimate means. That said, this game was so good I honestly felt super guilty for doing so so I just HAD to buy it. Great story game, Excellent choices that actually matter (after the starting few), which reminds me of telltale but executed far, far, far better. Overall, well worth your time and money"
76561197961463143,Recommended,443810,24683254,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,FleetAdmiral_Juarez,"[update]working now.  it no longer breaks and i can play the game as intended.I was excited to try it, but alas.. it doesn't run on my PC.  I play tons of games but this one doesn't render; at all.  just a nice black screen with audio. Can't skip it, can't select anything... just black screen.returning it and hoping to try it again after some bug fixes."
,Recommended,443810,29237159,Posted: 13 January,all,Crous,This is one story of one old man.Noir... Detective... Criminal... And a little bit space for usual life.
,Recommended,443810,29394565,Posted: 21 January,all,probes44,"One of the best game stories in years. The game sets a strong mood. However, if you are iterested in the story it'll take you some time. The management mode it also nice to play and the design and grafics are great. Also the music sets a great mood.I personally would prefer that the devs would have developped one aspect more deeply management or adventure/story detective stuff. It takes a long time to get through the story. Nonetheless, this game is extremly good and fun to play."
76561198322038762,Not Recommended,443810,28723435,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,sleazeball101,"I loved this game for the first few days, it seemed like a fun police mangement simulator, and the story was interesting enough. But as I moved on I just realized how dull it got. The game is way too long for its own good. I got to the point of being tired of the cutscenes, which is a terrible thing to happen. The regular day to day bad guy catching isn't so bad, but it has way too much RNG. You could send 5 guys on a dangerous mission and they all get killed, and then reload and for that exact crime send 1 guy and have him complete the mission. The game also has the illusion of choice for certain story investigations, but you'll soon realize there are a certain order of decisions you HAVE to make in order to catch criminals for investigations. Don't have a certain upgrade? Well you just instantly failed a crucial story investigation! So the option of choice is really pointless. The game had a lot of things going for it but the execution is really♥♥♥♥♥♥poor. Save your money."
76561198045176553,Recommended,443810,27282726,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,nuba_83,I totally love this game. I love the music and voice acting in this game.I totally suggest this game to everyone who wants a nice strategy game to play with.
,Recommended,443810,26927399,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Viktor,"This game will hit you hard as you step into the life of the chief of police, forced into corruption as a gang war breaks out in the city."
,Recommended,443810,28695180,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,MadCharlie,Story: The story seems boring and vapid in the beginning but if you have patience the story will blom. I liked the story and some sequences were really well scripted. I do not like the illusion of choice in the game but i do appreciate being able to make a choice becuese of the good storytelling. The story is the strong point but I have to say that I was not impressed by the ending.Characters: Jack Boyd (main character) is a special person that you won't see in many games. He reminds me of real life person and at the same time an typical broken down character. The other characters in the game are very well written but some you won't see that much and thats disappointing.Environment: Not much to talk about you are at the same place over and over again. Its cosy at least.Gameplay: overview strategy of the city were you send out your police officers to stop crime. It's simple and fun. It's a lot of reading so if you don't like to read this is not for you.Content: About 20-24 Hours. I do like that the game is long but it's actually a bit too long. They should have shortened it down because it gets very repetitive. That's its greatest weakness repetitively but they try to change it up with events and detective work.Music: Very good but have two big problems. The Music ends and you have to start it manually and thats very annoying! The secound problem is that they take away the music you have gained!Challenging: It's very scripted and have some random elements. Detictive work can be hard to figure out but that's only becuese of bad written text or missing pieces of the crime scene. The last Event is way to hard and i did not understand it at all and they needed to use other tools to make it work.It's a creative game with great written characters. Its strength lies with the story and characters. The gameplay get repetitive fast and they try to save this with events and detective work but it's not enough. There are some spelling errors but who am i to judge i got dyslexia myself.6/10
,Recommended,443810,28808111,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Boatgoat1982,"I had a good 4 hours out of this today and Jack (the character you play) was killed. Gutted!Oh well, shall start again. This game has a great style, i love the Vectored graphics, it reminds me of old school Amiga games.So if you love vectored graphics and stratagy games.Get this"
76561198013271939,Recommended,443810,28795308,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,The Vinnsmeister,A gem
76561198042667112,Recommended,443810,28886907,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Luke,this game makes you the offer you cant refuse seee so your  gonna get it seee or end up sleeping with the fishes see
76561198056670233,Recommended,443810,28935623,Posted: 2 January,all,Mr.Ono chayama,Low grade oil is the deadliest weapon in freeburg.PS. the game is fun compare to the cost :P
,Not Recommended,443810,28936869,Posted: 2 January,all,Daxter <3Mea,This game had so much potential.I loved it at the start but it quickly became repetitive.The main character and the main story never really had me hooked.The ending was unbelievebly dissapointing for the 21 hours I spent playing this game.
,Recommended,443810,28953749,Posted: 2 January,all,Action Froggo,"Great game, 20 hour story mode. Disappointing ending leaves a bit of a sour taste when compared to the rest of the game."
,Recommended,443810,28738941,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Hampo,"After 5 hours, I conclude the following:1) Well-written story.2) Intriguing concept for a video game.3) Unique and well done animation/art style.4) Very fun gameplay!5) Strategic element to the game.6) You feel like the choices you make throughout the game and story make a difference. (because they do!)7) I want to keep playing so I see what comes next in the story, as well as, so I can keep playing the strategic dispatching part of the game.To be updated as gameplay continues!"
76561198130029007,Recommended,443810,28760340,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Pirahna89,"Excellent Game, Sent some people out to deal with a car theft, found the car abandoned, told them to ask eyewitnesses, they all died. Ended up with a pretty good police force till i let Sands be on the losing side of the war 3 days in a row. Accidently ate some bullets for breakfast the next morning"
,Recommended,443810,29070818,Posted: 6 January,all,OG MUDBONE,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing incredible, these developers are so ♥♥♥♥ing detailed at everything. I love this."
76561198173729795,Recommended,443810,31551338,Posted: 4 May,all,Your New Homie G,90% of story is real good Ending is depressing Gameplay is grindy but im recomending it anyway because of how artistic i found it
76561198180177902,Recommended,443810,31808152,Posted: 17 May,all,rebeccaelbrown,"Fun to play but the ending is crap. However, if you can get over that, then it is great fun and the music is amazing!"
76561197982019383,Recommended,443810,31782543,Posted: 16 May,all,Nekron99,Great Game.. haven't had a game like this in a while that keeps me coming back.. on my second playthrough now.. It's not a game with A LOT to see..There are no cut scenes of arrests or shoot outs.. just a comic book style story line that keeps you interested in what will happen as you play a day to day life of a police chief with the world against him.. You must manage your cops well and think before you make decisions. one wrong choice could send your game down the tubes in one day. It also helps if your a big JAZZ fan because the soundtrack as you play through the story is JAZZ filled.. i was never a big Jazz fan before this game but i found myself finding some good tunes in the mix they offer.. Game play is pretty straight forward..no hard thing to learn or keys to bind.. you can play this game with one mouse hand and have a great time..I recommend it fully. No game is ever perfect but this game is simple..engaging..fun..strategic.. funny..and serious.. no super heros or magical powers..Just humans cops trying to get through the daily grind of cleaning up the streets... :)
,Recommended,443810,31761226,Posted: 14 May,all,Wootles the Frozen Yeti,"Things I've learned from This Is the Police*Being a corrupt police chief is hard.*The Mayor will gut you every time.*Friends are made with all sorts of ""friendly types**Police get shot on almost a daily basis in this cursed city.*You pray every time you send your units on a mission, that they'll actually make it back.*Losing your best, is a real punch in the gut.*No, you can't take a day off to go to the art museum!"
,Recommended,443810,31851952,Posted: 19 May,all,CleverKitty,This game really was my first experience with any game style that involved the police system and I'm glad it was this one. The minimistic style that was used is really refreshing and the game itself was so story rich that I couldn't help but want to finish the story as quickly as possible. The total time I've been playing has been 30 hours on the story line alone! So its really worth the money. A good buy with a really crime infested town.
,Recommended,443810,31815266,Posted: 17 May,all,Bunny,"being the chef of police is so awesome, deciding which cop dies and which lives..."
76561198300371077,Recommended,443810,31831264,Posted: 18 May,all,jesscarr,"surprisingly fun game with lots of moral dilemmas, choices, and a choose-your-own-adventure style of game play. i can't tell if they are critiquing the racism, sexism, and homophobia of police forces or glorifying them. but you can choose to buck the system if you're willing to face the consequences!!"
,Recommended,443810,31832325,Posted: 18 May,all,⁽³⁾Mo🆂e🆂TheD🅰NK⁽,"This is my review of ""This Is The PoliceOverall reviewTruly a masterpiece of gaming and art, the art style is something ive never seen and it still looks beautiful after 76 hours, the moral struggles and feeling you get from the characters and cutscenes really jerks tears. The minigames, struggles and even investigations are absolutley amazing, i remember how ireplacable the people are, i remember sending 1 officer to a assult and losing them, i couldnt find a person like him, he looked cool, and was probably my best officer, the cutscenes the game gives are very rewarding and really worth the effort, the voice acting was great and the people felt alive with emotions,feelings,etc. The game is definitely a grab for 15 bucks and i like that the game is still being updated with game modes,setting optimizations,and graphics improvments, the devs really care about this game and i can see it easily through the updates. The game never, EVER, lagged or glitched. Not even once. I was able to run this on my laptop, so i think your computer dosent really matter. This game really is emotional and creative, honestly. I would say this game deserves a 10.Art styleAmazing and beautiful, it dosent use many circles or curves yet it still amazes me after 70+ hoursGraphicsPretty greatStoryJaw droppingActingAmazingoverall, i say a 99.40% id give it a 10 but it can go up to 90 minutes without rewarding you with cutscenes"
76561198017653139,Recommended,443810,31978854,Posted: 26 May,all,Spinule,Solid story game. The gameplay gets a bit old at the end but the story keeps you engaged throughout the whole game
76561197961417317,Recommended,443810,31945361,Posted: 24 May,all,thatjohnkid,Very nice micromanagement game with enough variety to keep you interested. Story is really really good. It gets repetitive but the developers add new elements into the game at regular intervals to keep you interested.Its comperable to games like papers please that turn what would normally be a dull 9-5 job into an interesting gaming expereince.took me about 30 hours to finish.
,Recommended,443810,32531685,Posted: 18 June,all,jcxiii,Very impressed.
76561198110581172,Recommended,443810,32193296,Posted: 4 June,all,UsualAverage9,"Its a good game but sadly it leaves you feeling like crap at the end after all that time you feel like crap. i would recomend this game cause of its great music and cool style. But its very repetitive and by day 100 i wasent even looking at the cases anymore. So good luck get this game for a time waster an see if you can make more money than me. I got 510,573 dollars."
76561198021522155,Not Recommended,443810,32224840,Posted: 6 June,all,kiare_np,Loved the gameplay - liked the story - HATED the ending (to the point of loudly ranting for an hour and throwing things)
76561198061021458,Recommended,443810,32224692,Posted: 6 June,all,Fond Frenemy,"I rarely write reviews for products of any kind, but I am truly outraged... that this game isn't getting enough buzz. I love this game and I am completely hooked with it's beautiful storyboard-style almost ""Art Deco"" design, excellent noir voiceovers, and an intoxicating jazz and classical music collection that you can select from as you play. You enter into the world of Chief Boyd, a guy past his prime that is stuck between a rock and a hard place, but not exactly reluctant to enter the world of police corruption either. I love how the main character is pretty scummy, but he feels like such a real person you really get invested in him.Critiques: -The detective mechanic isn't as intuitive as it seems it should be, and sometimes you're unsure if your detectives are actually working on the case or not. It feels like it should be the coolest part of the game, but sadly it just becomes a game of shuffling around cards, because you're unsure what the images are trying to convey.- The intro is kind of annoying after a while because it starts immediately before the menu screen. I wish you would go to the menu first and maybe it would play if you idle, but the way it is now is a little frustratingDespite its minor flaws, this game is WELL worth the money. I got it on sale, but I would have paid full price if I knew how good it was. Get it now."
,Recommended,443810,32218280,Posted: 6 June,all,warhorus,"Fantastic game. Unfortunately, there's a lot of moments of just waiting around for actions to complete, which can get a little old, but the story and atmosphere more than makeup for it. A truly classical noir tragedy."
76561198229425192,Recommended,443810,32170464,Posted: 4 June,all,624404793,Didn't want to play this game at first because of the crappy graphic. Had to download it cause ran out of my strategy/simulation game and I'm desperately to try out some new ones. LOVE IT after actually started playing.
,Recommended,443810,32168078,Posted: 3 June,all,Flood,"Wonderful game. Certianly worth picking up during a sale.Engaging story, ever expanding senarios and mechanics.A game of games within games in more ways than 3."
76561198018360877,Recommended,443810,32202499,Posted: 5 June,all,jlockwood30,"Overall I found the game to be something unique and enjoyable.  The music adds a great noir ambience to the game, and the cut scene story line is actually interesting and it got me to actually care about the characters in the story.  Some of the early review complaints about the ending have been somewhat improved, with mentions in the newspaper, a cutscene and a note regarding the fate of certain characters.  The mods have been actively working to improve the game, such as the recent addition of sandbox mode.  I bought this game at half price and it was a deal, at full price I'd have to think about it.  Gave me over 40 hrs of play and now sandbox, for 8-15 USD not a bad deal.Pro:Unique game playGet to play chief of police and task out copsSome of the options for dealing with a crime are pretty funnyA main character you want to root forGreat musicIf you make logical choices with crimes and parsing out the BS from real crime calls it makes a difference, a reason to actual care what's being said.The investigations are fun and require you to think some at the same time, requiring you to read witness statements carefully and put together a scenarioYou can play as straight up or as crooked a cop as you want, with each having its own dangers or missed opportunities2 funny inserted mini games to the main story lineCons:The mid game can seem to drag a bit, if you're doing too well (imagine this is to allow less able players catch up time, as there is no difficulty modifer)Tasking out your policeman each day can get a bit repetitive, but if you have enough police, it requires a little less thought allowing you to enjoy the occasional scene with options.I wish there was a way to speed up the game day on occasion, most days were well paced, but every so often I handled the emergency calls too well, and was waiting.mixed: the actions you take early on have long term consequences as far as policemen development/numbers, still seemed rather forgiving unless you keep messing upSlightly addictive in that I spent 3 days in a row playing to follow the story and beat it.Not a shooter type game, management and story focusedSummary: If you like detective noir type stories and games, and like the police management aspect I'd say this is a buy."
,Not Recommended,443810,32197556,Posted: 5 June,all,Judas,"This game is worth of 5 Dollars.Have no idea what kind of idiot have rewieved this game before, because it has had ""very positive"" rewievs.But i think that this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ addictive but♥♥♥♥♥♥And boring. I hate the intro.And i almost die every time he starts his car, die to frustfration. I have no idea why game delevopers did such a thing."
76561197968788145,Recommended,443810,29133602,Posted: 8 January,all,kazbot,"First and foremost, I am a fan of this game. You play as Jack Boyd, the well respected chief of the local police, who is being forced into early retirement. He decides to do whatever it takes to get his hands on half a million dollars, as a retirement present to himself. You can play the straight cop and follow the rules, or toy with various levels of corruption in order to earn money a faster.Jon St. John's voicework brings life to Jack Boyd and is one of the standout features of this game. A very mellow game, great for patient gamers and gamers that enjoy a story with their management sim. Fun and engaging, the dual story of Jack's personal and professional lives is intriguing and kept me playing until the end. The game also has a wonderful soundtrack with both licensed and original music. The music choices felt completely organic and I even set up a couple playlists for my personal use.The detective puzzle sections can be a little esoteric at times. I am a big fan of puzzles, but there were a couple of instances that I had to seek out community help to solve a case. Another weird design choice (bug?) was that due to a small time skip in the story, one of my detective cases automatically failed as the time limit to solve the case expired even though I had solved the case and was waiting for the lead detective to come back on shift to arrest the perpetrator. Additionally, the final puzzle seemed really arbitrary and took me several trial and error guesses after I exhausted the methods my internal logic told me were correct.Those issues aside, the game is still a lot of fun and I had a blast!"
,Recommended,443810,29134108,Posted: 8 January,all,//potato,i abbsoltely love this game a little bit repetitive but besides that i love it
76561198159413906,Not Recommended,443810,24745342,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,punkspider1,"Loved the graphic style as it reminded me of ""Another World"", which I played as a kid and the game itself is a very unique and exciting. You're playing as the head of the police and you got 180 days til your retirement and you're planning to make half a million before that... and not only do you have to run the police force, you also have to play along with the mafia and the mayor... and it is very difficult trying to balance it all... and on top of that you need to find your wife's young lover...There is mystery solving (arranging the photos in the right sequence), managing the police force on a daily basis and your mob connections...Great graphic novel like story parts with excellent voice over.Having said that the second go on the game seems very similar, if not completely identical, so there might be only so many ways this can go - like a playable novel - which means there is only limited playability and longlevity. Although I'd imagine this could still change is the game was just released. Some parts of course are necessary for the plot, others I hope will be more randomized.Overall it isn't really worth the money as it seems that there is only one way to play this through, which really takes everything away from the game..."
76561198041013181,Recommended,443810,28750381,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Turin,"Good story, good voice actors, good art style, good simple strategic gameplay."
76561198098485502,Recommended,443810,28868170,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,<Null>,"I guess this game wont be the popular one cuz its toooooo slow.As for me, i chose to help mayor in the end...it seems I got nothing but a bag of money(sort of happy ending?).Nobody cares what u fight for, u only have one ending, fade in time..."
76561197995200613,Not Recommended,443810,28972756,Posted: 3 January,all,Riffle,Enjoyed the gameplay more than I thought I would.Story is depressing and gives you the illusion of choice.Unfortunately the game continues on much longer than the gameplay stays interesting. I beat it but I wish I had just stopped after a few hours.
76561197978215459,Recommended,443810,28967171,Posted: 2 January,all,Stalin  IK*RIP*,I really enjoy this game so far. I think my favorite part of playing this game through is the vinyl collection you can make. I enjoy all of the tunes they are very catchy. The game play itself is very simple but still making you want to spend hours awake playing this when I should be resting. Great game if you have time and enjoy some good old jazz and blues tunes!
76561198009201598,Recommended,443810,29171570,Posted: 10 January,all,Milton Waddams,A good game for storyline/basic management simulator people.
76561198028305550,Recommended,443810,29168867,Posted: 10 January,all,coll912,"I took a risk buying this based on the mixed reviews, but here's what I have to say:Great story, but strictly oriented around story. Not recommended to play in long runs, only in small doses. If you like Click-and-Point Story lines like TellTale games mixed in with game play management that works like a police dispatch flash game, but just enough to pass as a casual strategy game, it's definitely worth the buy. Unique for what it is, buy at your own discretion."
76561198259272301,Recommended,443810,30104673,Posted: 22 February,all,Leonidas1974,"Good game, i dont normally like the old fashion comic strip design but the developers did a truly amazing job. i really enjoy playing, it's a fun and time consuming game. I was really glad to find out that they use my favorite style of music. however like i said its a really really time consuming game thats not really a issue however to some people who might not have time to play for hours and hours this might be a little bit of a problem. later in the game when i had to get off to do other things i found it difficult to resume playing for I had sort of forgotten what place i was in but once i found where i was it was fun again. all in all I would still consider this game a 10/10. I really liked it and will play again."
,Recommended,443810,30117161,Posted: 23 February,all,Wentao,Just the game I being searching for. A good mixture of story telling and strategey and simulation. Recommend to everyone who is looking for similar experience.
,Recommended,443810,29607775,Posted: 31 January,all,Briefcase Joe,It was an incredible 25 hours of my life. I very much liked to play this game!
,Recommended,443810,29348781,Posted: 18 January,all,CaptainPeliKen,"To sum it up, it was alright.  The story was interesting, the voice-acting was excellent (it was nice to see the voice actor for Duke Nukem have range), and the gameplay was fine.  The art style was unique and looked great throughout.  Without spoiling anything, the biggest problem is that it has you make choices as the game progresses but in the end, they don't really matter.  The few instances where your choices take you down different paths either lead you to a ""game over"" or the same outcome with little to no changes in the story.  If you're not hooked by the gameplay by the end of the first act, you are going to get bored pretty quickly.  The game is pretty long and though variations do come into fruition in the gameplay, they are few and far between.  Overall, I'd say it's good for one playthrough but I don't see myself going back to play it again unless you really want to see what changes if you go with different choices which just letting you know now, is not a lot.  I would recommend the game but only for one playthrough and if it's on sale."
76561198124262438,Recommended,443810,32937884,Posted: 28 June,all,♛ⒼⓊⓁⒹⓂⒶⓃⓃ♛,One of the best single player games in a while.Good storyAll in all a very chill game with nice jazz music in.9/10
,Recommended,443810,32961174,Posted: 28 June,all,LordDiniz,"This Is the Police is a rather different game, considering my gaming style. But it was really worth the price! The game might seem a little bit monotonous at first, but once you play a few minutes of it, you get hooked up on the history and you definitely will want to bring down *that* gang or *that* character who did something... Is has a more board game vibe to it, which makes it really nice to play!This Is the Police is not the best game you'll ever play, but you may buy it being sure that you will have some hours of relaxation and fun playing it. ;)"
,Recommended,443810,33120502,Posted: 2 July,all,Aguirre,"WOW! Never before have i been this addicted to a game. I've played it for 15 hours straight today. At first I wasn't interested after opening it and seeing the way it played out, but I didn't give it a chance. It waited in my unbeat folder for months until 3 days ago i said eh, why not. And it's been very fun and enjoyable. It gets some what repetitive after a few hours, but occasionally spins it around and tosses you a bit of a challenge. The story is awesome so far, I'm very attached to the character, and hope that i don't mess it up. I even have witcher 3 on hold to finish this game. I do recommend it very much. Only thing i wish for is a modding ability be made. It'd be nice to see what others could do with this style."
,Recommended,443810,33761203,Posted: 24 July,all,Omicron,"[More or less spoiler free]""This is the Police"" is gernerally a great game and I would recommend it to everyone who likes these kind of games or is just intrested or at least well the first 12 hours of playtime (I needed 15 to finish the Storry Mode).There are some situations where you do not have the controll over the Police Department and someone else runs it.... Well lets just say he sucks at his job. When you return every single officer will come to work drunk or not at all for like a week. You will fail most of the emergency calls and every single one will hate you for not doing your job. this will happen like 5 times and take around 2-3 hours of your playtime.Another thing are the Investigations. In the Beginning the text will help you solve them in  no time. Later in the game the text will even misslead you and it is useless in generell and the whole investigations thing will become a annoying trial-and-error guessing game.(You either play the guessing game or google for the right order or both).Also later in the game the police will get political (more than before) and the whole thing is just annyoing and borring. You will have to do a ""kind of big investigation"" where again most texts are useless and missleading ... so again trial-and-error or google. In this part of the game I did not grasp on the storry line either and every single thing that happend did not make sense and the game just became ""... must ..... finish ...... the storryline......""Tldr: So as the end of this review:- The game is good and it makes fun to play (at least in the early and mid-game ).- Investigations are a good Idea and part of the job but implemented poorly.- Always read the swarm of cutscenes that is coming torwards you. It will make the game a bit more tolerable.- Within the storryline they are ALWAYS talking about a certain goal but if you reach it NOTING will happen... That part of the sorryline is just a placeholder for nothing.- The End part of the game is borring (maybe ""too hard"" but you decide for yourself) and annoying.And one last thing: DONT EVER NEVER EVER let that idiot guy take your ""special"" fuel from your police car. JUST DONT. YOU WILL GET A HECK OF A LOT MONEY FOR IT BUT DONT."
,Recommended,443810,33725401,Posted: 22 July,all,Adam Sharky,"Now, I don't normally write reviews for games, but this was an amazing one to play. I have 27 hours, and I see that as worth it for only $15. The story for the game was well thought out and really is what drove this game. The gameplay itself requires assignments needing to be well planned out with short amout of time. Great game for someone looking for a police-based strategy game. I give this game a solid 8/10."
,Recommended,443810,33724911,Posted: 22 July,all,Knu,"Although i ultimately recommend this game, there a few flaws you should be aware of.First of all, well, is the game fun?Yes. The game alternates a very simple, yet fun, management game where you are the chief of police. You will have to please / displease different characters in order to progress and sometimes you'll have to take moral choices, all while trying to solve a few investigations. In between the days, you will often see a few comic-like panels (with voiceover dialogue, similar to how max-payne did) that will narrate the story.Is the story intriguing?I ultimately liked it, but i will probably forget it in a few weeks. Nothing memorable, but will keep you interested enough to finish the game.Is the game repetitive.Yes. A lot. After the first few hours, i found myself bored at times and had to stop playing for a few days before i wanted to play again. The first few hours the game throws a lot of new stuff to you, so it stays fresh and engaging. Not so much for the second half of the game, where i just wanted the midnight to come so that i could finish the day.Is it worth it?I think so! There are a lot of gameplay hours for its price so if you like the trailer, buy it, it shows exactly what the game is made of. Remember that it will get extremly repetitive as you proceed. Thankfully you can quick-skip at least some comic panels that take forever to play out."
,Recommended,443810,33839862,Posted: 27 July,all,alsonot,"Nice story driven sim game, just enough managment to keep you enaged. I found a few of the lifestyle animations a bit repetitive, but all in it's a good experience. The complexity builds as the game proresses, you can probably replay it once after finishing."
76561198295515182,Recommended,443810,32662386,Posted: 22 June,all,sandwichlemon,"EDIT : The ending was kinda dissappoint me, bcs not much details going about and stuff.this is so good for a $10 game, and while its still in sale go get it if u like sort of games that manages stuff and have rich storyline. The decision making can be frustating at times, and every choice leads to a consequences. This game provide a good insight in the work of a chief police, nice roleplay.The art is simples yet its create a nice touch, and the voice act is great just like watching a movie. The music is so good, and its even packed as a vinly record. Also the sarcastic writing styles adding the athmosphere of dark and grim life of a police job. But not just regular crime that we handle, in fact we also get tangled in a mafia war.The minus is it might be monotonous at times, but so far each day always bring a surprise.Rate : 710"
,Recommended,443810,34040026,Posted: 5 August,all,eldorno,Got 6 hours in before one of the Mafia jagaloons shot the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me for not following directions. That got my attention.10/10 I'm going back in.
76561198231301448,Not Recommended,443810,34218348,Posted: 13 August,all,tribeaver,it is nothing new and if your not a bored person play this and you will change your mind .
,Not Recommended,443810,28163886,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Octillion Stars,"Интересно играть первые несколько недель.Потом, игровой процесс приедается, отговорки сотрудников начинают повторяться. Под конец создатели игры совсем обленились и начали придумывать глупые ограничения в игре.Игра не стоит потраченного времени. Можно было бы сократить игру до вставок с историями."
,Recommended,443810,34243386,Posted: 14 August,all,Ghost ( Knightzlash ),Fun game. Really enjoyed it but the mayor always lowered my budget so it got kinda hard but its difrent and the story is good.
,Recommended,443810,30984539,Posted: 6 April,all,Terror squirrel,"Super awsome game, really enjoy playing! nice for a day casual gaming love the gameplay, only not really following the storyline (much talking sometime)"
,Recommended,443810,34521338,Posted: 26 August,all,DickPays,"The story telling in this game is really good, and the gameplay is also very enjoyable as you command a police force. I liked it, though towards the end, it's annoying and the game is slog to play. Your force is always not coming to work or coming drunk. The game is fun, but the ending is underwhelming and the gameplay gets boring towards the end."
76561198031142127,Recommended,443810,34542557,Posted: 27 August,all,BigB848,"A good storied game with believable and interesting plot development. Not a game that is trying to awe anyone with graphics or gameplay, but does keep you guessing and entertained. The game largely revolves around managing side relationships with city hall, mafia, etc and sending out/developing your officers and detectives."
,Recommended,443810,25266857,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,cccp,yusis guud
76561198258581204,Recommended,443810,34487989,Posted: 25 August,all,pilot talk,A decent kill time. The situations can get a bit reppetitive would be nice to add a bigger variety of calls and outcomes from actions.The investigations are fun and sequencing the timeline of the crime is cool.  7/10 reminds me of papers please in a sense good way to unwind.
,Recommended,443810,34465870,Posted: 24 August,all,Noob_Vin,Great game for Paper Please lovers
76561198087175815,Recommended,443810,34511782,Posted: 26 August,all,inthelitterbox,"Really fun, and keeps me on the edge of my seat"
,Recommended,443810,34762521,Posted: 5 September,all,Crunch,"It's not for me, personally. But I can see the attraction of it! It's got a great story from what I played and I enjoyed watching many youtubers play it when it first came out!"
76561198042935880,Recommended,443810,34702176,Posted: 2 September,all,DuketheAssassin,"Plot: This Is The Police is about you playing as a soon to be retired police chief of the corrupt city Freenurg set approximately in the 1980s and you having to survive not only the criminals on the street but the elements of city hall, the mob and your own police force. All while tangling with your personal problems and cynicism.Gameplay: The game is pretty much a strategy game. You send your officers to 911 calls and when theres a crime, you send your detectives to investigate a case. Each time your officers and detectives are successful, they gain ""professionalism"". The more professional, the more likely they are to succeed and not get killed in action (ie catching the suspect, arresting the suspect, and no civilians being harmed). For cases involving your detectives, over time the detectives will create ""frames"" and you must put toghether the order of operations in which the crime was commited. Then you must send them and any officers you can spare to the location the suspect may be. Sometimes City Hall, the Mob, or people who own bussinesses in general in the city will call in favors to you that require you to send the minimum amount of officers to help them out. Sometimes these favors end with you getting paid money for the services. And yes, you will need money to do certain favors for yourself, like bribe an official or call a hit on one of your own guys. And yes, your own officers, if dissatisfied enough, can file a formal complaint against you to the Labor Union. The cutscnes in the game are scarce but worth the wait as the acting is very well done. Occasionally you will need to make a big decision in some of the cutscenes.Pros: The game does well in displaying just how corrupt the city is and theres really no way to be squeaky clean yourself. You either have to get dirty or you're not gonna make it far in the game. And thats dependant on how your relationship is with certain organizations in the city. If your reputation is bad with city hall, they'll deny your request for more officers, detectives, a pay raise, or SWAT upgrades which increases their effectiveness and how many times they can deploy in a single day.  Or if your officers are dissatisfied with how they're being treated, they can report you to the Labor Union and may have to face trial for a lawsuit unless you can convince the reporting officers to drop their suit (usually via bribes).Its really all about keeping everyone happy. This can be frustrating but to me this is how politics is in the real world. Its all about who you know. Its crappy but thats reality. The character of Jack Boyd is great as well. His cynicism is the highlight of the game and it shows in the comic panel cutscenes.Cons: My first major gripe is the case system with the detectives. As mentioned the detectives will present to you frames showing different stages of the crime and its up to you arrange them in the way the crime happened. Unfortunately this can be frustrating in part due to the game's own smudgy artwork making deciphering whats happening in each frame difficult or trying to connect them to each other. On top of that, you're given a few different choices as to where the criminal may be hiding and the game does little in providing hints as to where the crimianl may be. So its essentially a guessing game in sending your detectives to make the arrest. There were several times I had to look up how some frames were arranged on Youtube because I just couldnt figure it out.Conclusion: The game is definitely worth a buy, but if you can, get it on a sale. To me the game reminded me of Gotham City and you're playing as Commissioner Gordon in a pre-Batman city. There's no caped vigilante saving the day so you constantly have to make moral compromises just to get things donw. Most of the negative reviews will tell you that the ending is depressing no matter your decisions. This is definitely a Captain Ahab/Moby♥♥♥♥♥♥story and it lets you know that through the Steam achievements. The only downfal of the main character is really from the main character himself."
,Recommended,443810,34821607,Posted: 8 September,all,mmega couck,"Great game that has a lot of good moments, a good story line that lines up well with the quests of a police officer. The game runs well and has a good flow,  and is also challenging enough not to get boring."
,Recommended,443810,34858870,Posted: 10 September,all,headshot matty,"This game really hooks you with the 1 more turn mentality famous in 4 X strategy games like CIV and when discover what time it is , its too late...The greatest satisfaction I found playing this game was the level of character and personality created by the game which you further add to from your own experience. This leads to those great moments in which you mutter to yourself like a mad man over an AI cop who did not show up to work today , but you keep your cool , always keeping your cool and taking names , names that will lead to all there demise."
,Recommended,443810,34878030,Posted: 11 September,all,Dracula19861,good gamebut would be better if had alterntive game mode other than story modeso that can play the game without having it end due to story completion
,Not Recommended,443810,24761322,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,AwfulWaffle,"Before you buy, if you're looking for a better 911 operator wimulation game, buy ""911 Operator"".  While this game has the same mechanics, it's def not the focus.This is what I thought when i bought this game but I was mistaken.  All of the events are scripted so each play through is the same.  The same thing happens exactlyh the same time.  It's basically a narrative with sim game play mixed in.  While this can be enteratining, I cannot recomend it because it's marketed a sim game not as a melodrama.Another main thing that bothered me was the loading screens.  Each time you start a day, it's this annoying ""car starting"" sound greets you and it happens so frequent, my patience for this game grew thinnder.  i don't reccomend this game if you're looking for a straight up sim but in terms of what the game actually is, it was poor."
76561198258931167,Recommended,443810,35073248,Posted: 19 September,all,The Mighty Lord Dugong,"Its fun at first but gets old quick, still pretty good."
,Recommended,443810,35087219,Posted: 20 September,all,ahershberger,"It's a $15 game that has about 1-3 play throughs worth of time. It's pretty good, I like the art style. The ending is a bit of a let down, since it doesn't change based on your performance; which really kills replay value (I was planning on playing again super crooked and probably still will).I like the art style and it's more Film Noire than it is a video game (more based on emotions than about achievements and stats).P.S. I totally wasted 45 mins playing Poker night, to get all of the cash for an achievement, and there was none. Don't do it, the last 20 mins of 1v1 was so boring."
,Not Recommended,443810,35099438,Posted: 21 September,all,Anarchy Knight,"I really like the tone of the narratives and the arts in the game, cuz it feels like a film noir. But the whole gameplay is just frustrating to me. I can understand the frustration part is sth important to let you feel the dilemma of the hero has to face everyday. I don't mind this part. When  you face the same frustration in This War of Mine, you'll have some deep thoughts about that. But in this game, the events are too limited. After several times of repeating the events, it becomes boring and you know what you should choose. Then the frustration changed from the morality dilemma to getting tired of doing the same things again and again. If you treat this game like a visual novel with some gameplay, you may like it."
