user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,444090,25655021,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,2ply,"After playing 11 hours....here are some details.First off, something everyone must understand is that this game pits you against BOTS until your account reaches level 5. Just incase you feel the game is too easy when you first try it.Secondly, this isn't Overwatch, but it is close in nature, and it borrows heavily from SMITE. Try to look at it as another ""Hero Shooter"", a genre.You have these 4 classes: Frontline, Damage, Support, Flank.Each HERO has a loadout you can customize, unlike Overwatch, unlike Smite.You have several slots to create your own custom loadout, and the game provides you with a default loadout for each Hero.The loadouts consist of 5 cards, these cards have unique modifiers that have an affect on the Hero ability associated with that card, and each card has a number value 1-4 that you can determine given a 12 point system.The cards effectively change the Hero's set abilities. So for instance, if your Hero can produce a shield, one of the cards might allow the Hero to self-heal while you use the shield ability. So all cards do is slightly alter the Hero powers to provide a bit of customization and playstyle variance.I mentioned the 12 point system. To elaborate, when creating a loadout you must choose 5 cards to complete it, and each card is given a point value of 1 by default. You are given 12 points to raise the cards of your choice to a maximum of 4 points in a single card, but you can only spend 12 points total,  so not all 5 cards will be allowed to reach the highest upgrade at the same time. So choosing which cards to enhance more than others is the trick.As you can imagine, adding aditional points to a card enhances the stated change that occurs to the Hero power associated with that card.On top of all this, you have the items you can only purchase in a match, this is like SMITE or other MOBA's where you fight in a match for awhile and collect points to purchase upgrades that affect your character in different ways but are limited in use to that match. These changes are things like movement speed, defense, offensive strength, and other utility type enhancements. There are no consumable's at this point.Now..lets talk about loot boxes. To my knowledge loot boxes are rewarded when you level up your account..not your hero. Hero's have a leveling system and you have a different system of leveling overall. Whenever you level up your account, you get a loot box to open.Once opened, the loot boxes provide you with random prizes, but mostly cards that can be used in the loadouts as mentioned above. Note that you win a gold currency by playing the game, and the same cards you might receive for FREE in the loot boxes can be purchased individually with this currency you collect as you play. As far as I know ""some"" cosmetic items like skins will also come out of loot boxes but I haven't had any drop for me yet.As for gameplay, it's currently simple; you fight over a control point until one side controls it, then you push a ""payload"" or ""small little thingy"" to the other end of the map to win...if you are defending you just stop those guys from doing that and you win...Not much else to do really...I hope they work on this.Regardless of the repetitive nature, and lack of variety, I enjoy the game, I play Overwatch competitively and this gives me a nice but familure break from the seriosness of Competitive Overwatch.Speaking of competitive! Paladins offers the option to play RANKED matches, but only once you have taken 12 of the 16 current Hero's to a level of 4. I'm working on that and perhaps I'm just a masochist for doing so.So there you go thats the game in a nutshell, in my opinion the game lacks variety, but in it's defense, it has only just made it to open beta. I was a fan of Smite for awhile and I can assume this game will do just as well and grow into a much larger experience.I hope this review helps people make the insurmountable decision to install a FREE game and give it a shot.Have a good time!"
76561198032964953,Not Recommended,444090,30107456,Posted: 22 February,all,Bob,"EDIT: They have made some adjustment like dropping the cost of legendary cards to 12,000 essence, increasing slightly the gold you get from the 3 first win of the days, but it still takes too much grinding to get your cards.02/22/2017Hi Rez put another (third) currency called Essence. We had 2 currencies before that - gold and crystals. Gold was used to purchase cards and make loadouts with them (the only advantage you had pre game, which was very easily obtainable even for new players). One normal match in Paladins would give you between 300-800 gold and a card's cost was 1200 gold. You need 5 cards to make a loadout. In other words in around 6-7 matches you have a full loadout. Plus you were able to buy skins, emotes, poses and flairs with gold.The second currency, called Crystals, was usually used for purchasing skins,emotes,poses etc. In other words, the game had zero pay to win factor. Crystals, by no means, made the game creep into a p2w territory. Everyone is ok with them. Overall, new players, veteran players would be seperated by only one thing and that was pure skill and experience. No one had an advantage pre game. With the introduction of the third currency, Essence, a new type of cards called Legendaries were introduced as well.Essence is used to purchase these new Legendary cards AS WELL AS THE NORMAL CARDS, which were previously purchasble with gold. One Legendary card costs you 12,000 essence. You have 22 champions so far, 66 legendary cards, because every champion has 3 legendary cards and if you are a new player you also have to buy the normal cards which are around 600 again with the new currency, Essence, which would cost between 500-5000 essence EACH. Essence is only obtainable if you are willing to pay for it, or if you are willing to grind through hell and buy chests, which MAY drop you some essence.The cost of the chest is 2500 gold. Do the math. Basically after 15 games you may open one chest and you have to pray that you get some essence dropped, which would be insignificant, when a Legendary card costs 18k essence and a normal card costs 5k. You need 66x18 000 + 600x500/5000 essence to get all the cards in the game now. Do the math and don't forget, that even around 1000 essence is very hard to get from chests that cost you 2500 gold (around 8 games).The experience for a new player would be complete hell or an impossible grind. Veteran players, even PROFESSIONAL players, who've been playing this game for more than a year can't get all legendaries. THIS is how ridiculous this is. Number one ranked Paladins professional team called Burrito, has players, who stated that they can't get all cards that they need. One of the studio designers behind Paladins, said  ""new players, veterans and pro players would be fine""."
,Recommended,444090,29793682,Posted: 8 February,all,MescudiRager,"UPDATE: Post OB44OB44 introduced a new game mechanic called community hate. Basically the developers tried something new with the games current BETA status and unlocked a new deadly adversary, hate.So what was new to the formula of Paladins?Legendaries: To newbies this introduced a slim learning curve, I would not say that this posed a great threat, and especially how people made such a big deal out of it. It just alters the base play style of your champion, be it easier to push in, deal more damage, get around faster. This is not harming the game but tailoring it more to how we play. Maybe someone play aggressively with Drogoz, so they get the 50 % more damage card, or prefers to use their spit ability to push the enemy off the point.For veterans of the game, there was no need to get upset, most of us had the gold to buy chests and get enough essence to buy the legendary cards we wanted.For new players, this poses no threat and introduces no Pay to Win model, you still rely on skill and team communication.It's as if one person complained and without thinking majority got on the bandwagon and joined in with their pitchforks.Hi Rez even rectified the new currency and made adjustments to the cost of legendaries and upped the gain of essence, bottom line Hi Rez listen and are active with their community, don't take that for granted.I wrote a review very early into my playtime, and by far this is one of the best FPS Free to Play games out there. So lets break it down.Free to Play:No, you can't pay to win, to be honest you can play this game without every spending a dime. You can unlock all the champions with very little grinding, if you even call just playing the game grinding.Comparing to Overwatch:Those people who compare this to Overwatch and call it a cheap knock off have not played this game at all. This is no where near Overwatch there are so many key fundemental differences. This game is in fact more fun, more broken(at times) than Overwtach. Hi-Rez constantly pushes out updates which in most cases improve the game, and best of all this is still a free title.Graphics:Man this game can run on anything, no matter your specs it will push this title. Hook up your moms favourite potato to some live current, hook that ♥♥♥♥♥♥ up to an external monitor install steam.exe and you will enjoy Paladins.Mac can run this, and by run I mean you would get 30FPS+ on mostly low settings 720p on a MacBook Air, which lets all be honest should not even be able to run Solitaire on Ultra Low settings.A decent Mid Range PC build will push this game to High with 100FPS, not bad. The overall graphics is nice and clean, nothing spectacular, but nor is it as ugly as my aunt.Sound:Well what do you expect, you can hear it all, everything is clear, and chaotic, just listen closely to hear when someone is using their Ultimate and you are about to be the next victim.General Gameplay:This is a nice game, I like nice things, it is fun, a lot of fun. It just does not loose its appeal that fast, make sure to drag a buddy into this one, as this makes for a much more enjoyable experience.The game is about to launch its Season 1 of compettive, and boy oh boy Paladins is about to chnage again, however a gripe is, where is the in game voice chat, I dont want to type my life story out before every match. Where is the love?Community:You will always get those try hards, you know, those guys and gals who have been founders of this game since the first sprite made, ignore them enjoy the game. But word of advice maybe play against AI for the first 4 to 5 levels of a champion just to get the hang of them.All in all, this is a nice game, we all like nice things, you would be silly to pass up on this amazing deal of 0.00, it's a steal right now.The game gets a out of ."
,Not Recommended,444090,30108251,Posted: 22 February,all,Empress Wanker,"Edit: two thing's came out of the outrage, it's a mix of good and bad, but surprisingly I feel more good is coming out of all this. I personally believe they are starting to listen to us over all this.The recent patch, OB44, has completely screwed up the game and turned it into a buggy mess of a grindfest. Some of these bugs include:Screwed up a character and had to disable him. - Was readded.The game mode they were working on for the patch was disabled. - was readded but crashes peoples games or they get stuck on loading screen.Now and then when you qeue with your buddies only the leader gets into the match. - fixedFirst win of the day was supposed to be bumped up to 300 gold to accommodate for the new essence system say 300 but give 150. (will talk about later)  450 gold instead of 150, but you only get the rewards 3 times instead of 5, which is faster and also gives more than when it was 150 but not when it was 300. - fixed but not visually.Default cards won't refund essence as they should. - patched but with a bad refund back for it. We got 18,000 essence, enough to buy 1 legendary at the time and some people got duplicates worth more.Duplicate poses range from giving 1k-2k essence even if it's supposed to be a set amount. - Not sure if patched or not, can't test because we weren't given our mastery chests.Random cards we had prior have been taken from us due to a bug. - not fixed or refunded.Default legendary cards can be given as duplicates in chests for 4500 essence. You need 12,000 to buy a legendary card(You start with 36k) , which are very important to gameplay now, and the cards don't even always refund the essence. - price was cut down for buying/crafting them down to 12,000 from 18,000. Which is better but still a touch expensive.The amounts have changed ever so slightly thanks to the essence buff to commons and the pice decrease for legendaries.Edit: Some nice changes they made from the outcry:Buffed gold gain from first win of the day so now from 3 wins you get 1350 gold, that's 450 per win, it was initially 300 per win for 5 wins, and before that 150 per win for 5 wins. So not as good as the 300 for 5 but it's still good.Common cards give 250 essence as duplicates rather than the 60 they gave to start with.Essence cost for legendaries decreased to 12,000 from 18,000. Not enough to me honestly but still a good change.You gain 1,000 essence for getting an achievement starting in a futre patch unspecified, they may also have achievements worth more but all at the moment will grant 1,000 when it rolls out.Part of the edit: This isn't a good or a bad thing but for the people that didn't get radiant chests from mastery levels we were given 2250 essence per chest or 3000 per chest if you bought a booster from them. The reasons this is a mixed thing is becauseYou can be missing out on cards that are worth much more, and likely are, such as epics and legendaries.You will also be missing out on potential cosmetics from these chests like voice lines, skins, sprays etc.BUTIf you would have had bad luck you could have more essence than you would have so you could buy some things. For me I am owed 56 chests, so I got 126,000. Enough to buy 10 legendaries. Which is honestly pretty good. The reason they gave essence instead for people prior is because of server issues, same reason they added a 30 second chest opening timer.Math is being updated atm to accommodate for the change in rates. They're better but still not good.It takes 528,000 essence to craft all the legendaries.The prices for cards, didn't explain, cards are basically skill trees that you can use on your individual characters, each character has 16 cards,common cards cost 500 essence and give back 250 for duplicates,Rares cards cost 1250 essence and give back 250 for duplicates,Epic cards cost 5,000 essence and give back 1250 for duplicates,Legedary cards cost 12,000 and give back 4,500 for duplicates.On average matches in this game are 12 minutes long. If you play 7 hours a day you can fit in 35 matches give or take.At 7 hours a day you can make about 14,000 gold, which gives you about 5-6 chests.In those chests there's an average of 1000 essence (assuming you have all the cards).You can range however from 750(all commons/rares)- 3750(all epics which are around a 15% chance to drop each.)- 13,400(All legendaries, about 4-5% chance each.)You may also get cosmetics from these chests which still have a small percentage they are more common than legendaries however.Duplicate cosmetics are worth about 2k each.Now for how long it takes to get legendaries, assuming your luck consists of all rares and commons.If we go off of the above at 6 chests with all commons and rares you'll get about 4,500 essence for 7 hours of play.Now say you wanted all 44 legendaries for whatever reason (I would like them incase the meta changes or they are nerfed/buffed.)Now say you wanted all 44 legendaries for whatever reason (I would like them incase the meta changes or they are nerfed/buffed.)It's around 16 chests for a legendary so 40,000 gold/20 hours for one, or 1,760,000 gold/880 hours for all of them.Now for every card, if you wanted them now with 22 characters:This is assuming you make 2,000 gold per hour from the number we got earlier on average match length and rewards.Legendaries- 704 chests/1,760,000 gold/528,000 essence/880 hoursEpics- 293 chests/732,500 gold/220,000 essence/366.25 hoursRares- 147 chests/367,500 gold/110,000 essence/183.75 hoursCommons- 73 chests/182,500 gold/55,000 essence/91.25 hoursSo the total of all these are:  1,071 chests/3,042,500 gold/913,000 essence/1,521.25 hours (all of this assuming you already have all the cards)(How I got these is by starting off with the amount of cards in each pool type, so 44-L/E, 88-R and 94-C. Then multiply them by the essence cost, once we have that we divide the essence cost by the minimum amount of essence per chest so 750, then we have the amount of chests, multiply by 2,500 take the gold, then divide by 2k.)You could also knock these stats down a smidge based on the range that I gave, however 750 essence post having all cards is the most common.These numbers are for just buying raw, I don't take into account mastery levels, bonus rewards and the like as to keep it easier to adjust and move from and will  account for once we get 22 more characters probably sometime next year.Now these numbers seem very grim. Especially if you have horrid luck like you need to get them, but considering that you get 5 chests for getting a character tolevel 10 and there are 22 characters, you'll have 110 chests from leveling them all to 10. Not sure how long that takes.You may also get any of these cards in your chest some with lower chances than others. By the time you open 1,071 chests you'll have all the cards from it anyway, but by the time 22 new characters come out, probably next year sometime considering their plan for 13 new characters later this year you'll need to invest somewhere around 1k hours to get everything for those 22.What I'd suggest if you want all cards for all characters, if you're going to play a LOT. (Around 232 days of playing 7 hours of paladins each day.)Save your chests for future characters and open a big bit once those come out of course if you already have all the cards.In summary: The game is still not friendly for new comers especially if they want to be competitive/ a card collector. Taking over 1k hours to get all the cards for 22 characters. But on the other hand they should still be able to play casual with little problem for the earlier levels."
,Recommended,444090,29932964,Posted: 14 February,all,Polanovski,"Personal Rating :Worth your 100 hours of play!Traditional Rating :8.7/10GameplayGameplay wise, this game objective's is so simple and fun to play, but don't let that fool you.When you jump in competitive scenario, things are getting really uphill even with simple Payload or Siege (one of the mode in game)GraphicsGraphic are considered to be in the borderline between good enough with good performance, Dev keep on pushing on good effects & eye candy visual style, but both beast and last decade PC still can handle the game with in game configuration.And about that Overwatch thing, this one isn't free version of it, it's just you who need to pay 50$ to get paid version of Paladins. *drops mic*anyway, ADD me on STEAM, Input Polanovski as your referral.We'll play together shall we? unlock the skin together @.@"
,Recommended,444090,30106652,Posted: 22 February,all,D_Wormkiller,"*UPDATE: As of 24th February 2017, after the post I'm linking below here, I'm writing a complete, full review of the game in every single aspect. Just because of the efforts Hi Rez is doing to defend its essence idea, I'm going with an impartial analysis, despite not liking this system at all.https://www.reddit.com/r/Paladins/comments/5vy7zd/essence_legendary_updates_thanks_for_all_the/If you want to read about the original essence clustermadness that happened with patch OB44, read at the end of the review from the Chapter ""The OB44 Patch: the essence cluster"". Now, let's proceed with a full review""PALADINS: A NEW-AGE FIRST PERSON SHOOTER""Many people are wondering what Paladins is. Is it a First Person Shooter? A MOBA? The copy of Overwatch for the poor guys? No, it's just a genre on its own. Paladins is firstly a First Person Shooter, but with elements that lead it to a new generation.In this game you'll play one of the available Champions, characterswith their own abilities. Each one of them has got a ranged attack, 3 basic abilities with a variable cooldown (like in a MOBA, but fast-paced due to the nature of the game) and a powerful final ability with a way longer cooldown called Ultimate.Considering the fact that each hero has got a defined set of skills, they'reinserted in roles, categories that enhance their efforts in certain tasks. So we have characters in the healing field, someone in dealing tons of damage points and others by defending the team with their bodies and lives.Once you picked up the suitable Champion for you, you'll fight to the death in the battlefield indifferent gamemodes, both against other players(Payload and Siege)and CPU(PvE and the brand-new Survival).At the end of the clash, you'll receive a reward in gold(used to buy some cosmetics, radiant chests that contains cards, essences and other cosmetics/emotes and moreover important stuff like the Champions)and in experience points(both for the Mastery, the level of the current Hero you're using, and the General Experience, the level of your profile).""CARDS LOADOUT: NOT YOUR OVERWATCH COPY, BABE""Reading the first chapter, somebody (or better, more than somebody) would say thatPaladins is a copy of Overwatch: both are FPS, both have champions/hero with unique skills, both have different gamemodes, both have classes.But what are the differences in Paladins that brought it to be one of the most played Free-to-play games on Steam? What are its sex appeals?Paladins has introduced a system that might change your gameplay with a specific champion from match to match: theCARDS LOADOUTS.In this gameeach character has got 16 basic cards(divided in common, rare and epic à la HearthStone)and 3 legendary cards(Hearthstone inspired inc.). These cards areaffecting the gameplaysomeway,changing general statistics(movements speed, basic health, reload speed, etc...)or the behavior of a certain basic ability(cooldown reduction, improved bonus, extra additional buffs, etc...). The basic cards can be putin a deck with a maximum of 5 and can be improved up to 4 times their original value. Those decks are the loadouts. When you insert a card, you spend 1 point. To improve a card, you spend 1 point. Considering this,you have to make a deck of 5 cards and spending a total of 12 points, no more no less. In few words, saving different loadouts, you can play a support as an utility, as a semi-flank or simply in its original role, but more efficiently.But what about legendaries, instead?The legendaries affect the gameplay way heavily than their basic counterparts, usually providing strong bonuses. Before the beginning of each match,you're allowed to choose only one of the legendaries you've got for a specific champion.Let's make a practical example: Fernando, a Spanish tank-defender knight, has got 3 legendaries that provide respectively an infinite shield duration with a reduced cooldown, the opportunity of healing himself up to a certain percentage during his shield relocation or improved damage by the launch of a fireball. Depending on the opponents you're facing and on your loadout,you might choose the infinite shield or another legendary.THE GAME ITSELFYeah, we talked about burocracy here: genre, card, boring stuff.But what about the game itself?Is it funny? Enjoyable? Of course it is, expecially with friends.Paladins is granting fun thanks to the fast-paced matches, sometimes facing opponents that would make clashes longer, but still enjoyable,at the pact you're playing casual. Because in competitive there aren't grains of salt, but entire salty oceans. If you know how to play, however, you'll be granted glady moments, but it's not always guaranteed, expecially if you meet the usual ""idiotic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"" guy of the turn that flames and insults. But this happens in every game.That's whyPaladins has 2 main Game Experience Walls: one related to the general experience level, the other related to the champions' mastery.You're playing against BOTS till level 5 and, to access competitive, you need to master 12 champions at level 4.FINAL CONSIDERATIONDespite the disappointment in the recent OB44 patch that made the game way more grindy, I enjoyed Paladins so far and I'm changing my original review from ""No, don't play"" to ""Yes, give it a try"" because Hi Rez is trying hard to encounter our esigences.So, in trust, I'll recommend this game. For now.***Here's the original review. You can read it for information, but not valid anymore***THE OB44 PATCH: THE ESSENCE CLUSTERHi-Rez introduced a new currency in game to buy cards which is called ESSENCE. In order to get this currency, you need to spend gold (or crystals, the real cash currency) on radiant chests and hope to find a duplicate card. If you want to craft a certain card, you need a huge amount of essence, expecially if we're talking about legendaries. But what are these cards?The cards are special modifiers that change your gameplay. Before the OB44 patch, you could buy any single card for an amount of 1200 gold each(consistently, below 50% of the actual cost of a radiant chest, where you find these cards). Now, if you want a card, you're forced to buy a chest and to pray the Random Generator Number to get the card you want. If you don't find it, you need to wait for ages before being able to get it.Despite the vast majority of Paladins Players said this system was only deletery and the worst idea to implement (because, if you consider you can buy these chests with real cash and you can get the cards only via these chests, the more you spend more powerful you get), Hi-Rez developers decided to insert this system anyway. But the worst thing of all is about news that transpired from some people playing the Closed Beta of Paladins and avalaible on Reddit Page.This system had been implemented once already during Closed Beta despite the complaints of the playerbase and has been removed only after few weeks later, because the players were tired of that crap and left the game. So, in few words...this mistake has been made once and has been corrected because the game was dying.Unless the devs wake up for a second time and decide to remove this disgraceful stuff (we're in a FPS game, not a MMORPG neither a MOBA), I won't suggest you to play this game because it will only contribute to the P2W campaign of some people, if not everyone of them, of the Hi-Rez HQ. However, in case the headers are going to change that stuff, my final review will change, of course, for the better. I'll wait for the next patch before deciding to leave this game or not, considering Hi - Rez so far managed to listen the community."
,Not Recommended,444090,30118418,Posted: 23 February,all,Dagoth Ur,"HiRez may very well have fixed the glaring issues with OB44, but I'm going to leave this review as it is for posterity.Once upon a time, this was a fun game. back when I started in early October, I found this game to be a nice reprieve from the typical fast-paced, low time-to-kill shooters that one tends to find. I remember all the fun things like how Drogoz could fly at sonic speeds, and all the bad things like Skye's inescapable time bomb. I still flinch a bit when I hear the phrase ""Time's Ticking!"". Unfortunately, time and time again, HiRez have shown that they intrinsically do not care about people having fun.Drogoz' speed limit was the first sign that things were going downhill for me. Instead of incorporating this fun little exploit into his kit, HiRez insisted that everybody has to sluggishly hover about in midair, becoming prime prey for all the hitscan champions out there. This, of course, is the wrong way to go about things. Multiple developers have taken quirks in the code and blown them up into full features, like rocket jumping in Quake, or the genocidal warmonger Gandhi in Civilisation. To me, this change just felt like HiRez were becoming the anti-fun police.Last month, they introduced a new champion, 'Maeve', whose arrival significantly shifted the game's dynamics. Whereas most flankers can be easily dealt with if not caught off-guard, Maeve is so stupidly agile that hitting her is nigh impossible on a champion that doesn't have constant hitscan weapons, not to mention the effective HP that she has from all her health regen cards and her insane damage output. However, the biggest issue with her is that she has rendered Skye completely and utterly obsolete. There is absolutely no reason whatsoever to play as Skye anymore. HiRez have killed a champion that his been in this game since the closed beta, yet they've gotten away with it.And now, we've just gone through the 'Season 1' update, wherein they may very well have just signalled this game's death.Firstly, they did not sufficiently test this update; the developers promised a second round of testing on the public test server which never came. And during that sole round, I found that choosing the champion Barik would cause the match to never load up. How have HiRez solved this? By just disabling the champion.And then, there's this god-awful crafting system that they've just introduced. Prior to the update, you could just go ahead and buy cards with the gold that you can grind in-game, but now, the only way to get cards is to unbox them or use 'essence' to purchase them. How is essence obtained? By getting dupe cards in the chests. This makes the game incredibly inaccessible to new players, as they are completely dependant on RNG when it comes to creating a new loadout, and keep in mind that there is 22 champs, with 16 cards each. That means that there is a 1/352 chance of getting the card that you want.Or, rather, it would be that, if there weren't also emotes, poses and sprays in this chest, further decreasing the probability of getting anything useful, never mind the 66 legendary cards, which were just introduced, that can severely change the way a character plays. Now, here's something interesting; before the update, people extrapolated from the costs of the standard cards that legendaries would probably cost 10,000 essence. Despite this being used in calculations all over the place, HiRez decided it would be a good idea to make them cost 18,000 instead. It costs 792000 essence to unlock all the non-default legendary cards. I, a person with most things unlocked, probably average at about 1,500 essence per chest. It is inexcusable how the game has locked away playstyle customisation,one of the game's selling points, behind what is essentially a paywall, since you're going to have to buy boosters if you want to grind for gold, or even just directly pay for the chests.And that's just about the game itself. I could probably go on for a while about the general attitude of the members of the dev team that hand public relations, like one particular fellow who called people that didn't like the old Time Bomb 'noobs' (despite it being a guaranteed kill in a massive range), and how he seems to have disregarded all crticism on Reddit since it's just a 'hole for whiners'.I've seen this level of greed kill a fair few games in my time. I don't want Paladins to die, but at this rate it is going to die a very unceremonious death. Of course, it wouldn't be HiRez' first failure. Just look at Global Agenda and Tribes: Ascend."
76561198087162117,Not Recommended,444090,30118235,Posted: 23 February,all,GrumpyMaid,"When I started, I thought to myself ""Huh, this game is pretty good. I think it could stand up to Overwatch, It's easy for new players to start the game and get into it""Unfortunately, now it seems you've taken a turn for the worst D: The legendary cards are a cool idea, but c'mon, adding rarity and obscene prices to the cards? I get 60 essence for having a duplicate common card. 60? The legendary cards costs 18000.. That's 300 common card duplicates just to craft 1 legendary! You get 3 cards (Not always) in a chest!I'll continue playing the game and hoping that some changes are made to the new system, as it is in beta still. This is not hearthstone ffs, you're a fps not a ♥♥♥♥ing card game, I understand you don't want to be a carbon copy of Overwatch but geez. You are not Blizzard, you can't pull stunts like this and think people will still play your game)Btw, your 'prettyhair' guy is extremely rude and should not be representing this game. Publicly insulting people on twitter? Insulting all of reddit on stream? Not acceptable."
,Recommended,444090,29404643,Posted: 21 January,all,ᴅᴊ sᴀʀᴀ,I LIKE THIS GAME OMG SOOO MUCH FUN!!!! ^_^
,Not Recommended,444090,30118218,Posted: 23 February,all,Scambrero,"Game was good, but they broke it."
,Recommended,444090,31292891,Posted: 22 April,all,Gucci,Great game let me say what many others have said to further prove this game's glory.I oWn a LeGiT cOpY oF oVeRwAtCh AnD i FiNd ThIs MoRe FuNThAtS jUsT mE  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
,Not Recommended,444090,30137470,Posted: 24 February,all,yotzaR,"I'm not into negative reviews, but this has to be my first one.I was also not a big fan of Hi-Rez, because of what they did to my once favorite Tribes Ascend, the first F2P game where I spent money.Friends tried to make me play Smite, but I refused because of it.Last year they tried to make me try this game and while it looked like something I would enjoy, I still refused to play due my attitude towards Hi-Rez.But at the beginning of month I softened a bit and gave it a chance. It was great, friends were delighted I joined them, and I was having a blast.The gold system for cards was good and I was looking forward to earn all of them playing on weekends with friends, as I don't have much time at the moment.This update just came in time to ruin my starter experience and kill my hopes of progress.I'm never playing anything from Hi-Rez ever again."
76561198217381397,Not Recommended,444090,30110323,Posted: 22 February,all,Green The Engineer,patch ob44 is f--king a-s. please dont let this game go pay to win
76561198202776182,Not Recommended,444090,29953848,Posted: 15 February,all,Toyota Supra,When it comes down to account managing Hi-Rez doesn't help at all
,Not Recommended,444090,29954139,Posted: 15 February,all,Lax,"If you're looking for a fun casual game and don't mind the occasional aimbotter, then this game is quite entertaining. It has a diverse cast of characters for players of all skill.On the opposite end, if you're into competetive shooters steer clear of this game. As it stands now, the anti-cheat is borderline non-existent and aimbotters run rampant throughout the competetive matchmaking. I personally was matched with aimbotters almost every other game, sometimes with multiple aimbotters in the same match, and this was at mid to high diamond MMR (4300-4500).After only a few days playing the competetive matchmaking, I've decided to give this a pass for now. If/when I get word that HiRez has taken action to counter the rampant hacking, I may come back. At this time I cannot recommend this game."
76561198132138449,Recommended,444090,29809172,Posted: 9 February,all,Sh3boly,"I don't know if this copied overwatch or nah, thing is it's really fun and like almost everyone i can't afford Overwatch. Would recommend it, Hi-Rez is a really great company overall. The game just needs some balancing and more gamemodes if possible."
,Recommended,444090,29808495,Posted: 9 February,all,SajBear,Damn fine game!
,Recommended,444090,29865686,Posted: 11 February,all,Captain Unicornasaurusrex,Grover is best character
,Recommended,444090,29970274,Posted: 16 February,all,Sadistical,"You know, it's hard to write a review about this game without comparing it to Overwatch.This game isn't Overwatch.  It's not Team Fortress Classic... It's PaladinsPaladins does a lot of things right:- Dynamic characters- account leveling / reward system isn't bad- Excellent map designs- Multiple game modes- Excellent combat mechanics-  Movement has high skill cap- Large player base- Ranked-VGS!! VOICE COMMAND SYSTEMPaladins also misses the mark on a few things:-Clunky UI; ranging from friends list, lack of guilds, and just down right an eye sore-Match making can be a joke- hidden profiles-hidden leader boards-the entire shell of the game is significantly behind Smite.- In lobby , there is not a display picture of the map to give you a hint of what map you're on... you just have to memorize map names.No destructible spawns*EDIT*Hirez added a third currency in the game... effectivly adding an additional barrier between a leveled  / new account... like card acquastion - is messed up in this patch OB44... def in a bad state...A lot of people feel compelled to compare this game to Overwatch... Some people have the opinion that Paladins is a OW clone... Paladins is OBVIOUSLY a team fortress clone.Paladins is a blast. The skill shots are super rewarding, there's a high degree of out playing your opponent.I'd recommend this game.  Although it's not Overwatch (thank god) it's worth  every bit of your time."
,Recommended,444090,31213671,Posted: 18 April,all,RelicLord,"Overwatch for half the price (or free) with more focused and intense combat, fewer game-breaking ultimates, better ability sets, and really intuitive champion customization. It plays more like a MOBA, less like an FPS, but I really think that works for the best. I own both, gave both a fair shake, but Paladins is the one I keep coming back to.Everything you really need to know is above this line.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------My only grievance with this game is where it tries to compete directly with overwatch. It plays entirely different despite both being TF2 clones, and doesn't need to be anything else. Namely, the cosmetic system. Featuring color swaps, emotes, and sprays, it's just trash, a sorry mock-up of OW's shop, and I've completely ignored it for the most part. It's just unnecessary to the game.The card system, however, (which is the main reason you'll want to open loot chests), is phenomenal. It allows you to customize just what benefits you get from your character and drastically impacts exactly what your abilities do for you. You can make the champion feel completely different just by switching what card loadout you use, and it makes it so easy to personalize a character to do exactly what you need. I really love this system, and it works beautifully.Almost every character is a shooter of some kind, with no lame-duck last resort weapons. Enemies are also easy to hit, meaning positioning and tactics will determine the fight more than bunny-hopping and twitch-fire FPS skill.Healers in this game function more like off-tank dps and hit hard as hell, though less reliably than Damage champions, and they can usually heal themselves and stay in the fight to keep hitting. This is a far cry from the dedicated supports of TF2/OW, and with all players getting an auto-heal when out of combat for a while, this kind of dedicated healer isn't necessary (and the same for health pickups, thankfully absent).Balance wise, I only have an issue with one or perhaps two characters being too powerful, and only a handful of characters seem to be nerfed (I'm looking at you, Lex). The bottom line is, I find myself less frustrated when a specific character kills me; I'm not dying repeatedly to the same character all the time across every match.If you've made it this far, let me remind you that this game is free. There's no reason not to just try it and figure out for yourself whether it's worth your time."
,Recommended,444090,31386913,Posted: 26 April,all,USAFMike,"I was quite hesitant to get this game because I thought I would get overwhelmed with all of the champions, cards, learning, etc. But after I took the time to go through champions/cards and what their skills are, then playing around with loadouts, I'm already very comfortable.It's fast-paced, equipping cards and increasing their stats to help your champion is great, champions seem pretty balanced, and the abilities for each champion are fun.I really wished the game looked better (maps, effects, etc) and I have the graphics set at maximum. Also the process of selecting voice commands needs to be redone.Overall, very fun game. I've played insane amounts of Overwatch, TF2, and CoD. So Paladins is a nice way to take a break from those.Besides, the game is free."
76561198031654846,Recommended,444090,33203030,Posted: 3 July,all,Timinations,"Honestly, I don't understand why people say this is copying Overwatch, this game's fun and very unique with it's gameplay!"
,Recommended,444090,29609035,Posted: 31 January,all,Helena the Virtuous,"Very nice alternitive if you do not like / if you can't spend money on Overwatch.The most important question: ""Is Paladins an Overwatch clone?""Well, short awnser: I do not know. I've never played Overwatch, so i can't really compare. However, as a free to play alternitive to the Overwatch-""genre"", it does it's job.The game features 5v5 First person champion combat in 2 different game modes. Either game mode is ultimatively down to a single thing: Push the enemy back and the cart into their spawn. Being close to the cart makes him move forward, so it's quite objective-based.The Champions available are divided into 4 different classes: Tank, Heal / Support, Damage, Flanker. The names speak for themselves. Getting the champions is quite easy, specializing their abilities as well. The only thing not so easy is changing a champions appearance because all the nice ones do cost real cash.Of course the Dev's are up-to-date with their free to play model, so you obviously get the most stuff only by buying cases with random contents. Money-wasting intensifies.The game does feature a competetive mode, but that one requries you to have lots of champions on a certain level to ensure people do know how to play the game.Overall i do recommend the game, but only if you stick to your choice: Don't pay for a free to play game. If you like the game, consider buying a founders pack as if you were buying a full game, but do not start spending cash on skins on the like."
,Not Recommended,444090,30101410,Posted: 22 February,all,gamesdude109,"Can't recommend it in its current state. Added an artificial grind with a new currency that puts essential abilities behind a high paywall, while at the same time taking some of these abilities away from previous owners."
76561198037729163,Recommended,444090,29759302,Posted: 7 February,all,xxxolgacion,"What can I say other than that this game is worth your time . First of all 90% of the time you will be enjoying the game , the other 10% you won't it's because of the community maybe , because like in COD gamemodes , they don't care about the objective but more about getting kills and that is avoiding the main job in the game. Second of all you can get free skins from radiant chests which you recieve at leveling up , also if you log-in 7 days consecutively you will receive 50 points so you can buy radiant chest or another 7 days and you can buy skins from the shop or more expensive chests to win other skins. The gameplay is fun , took all sorts of games like quake , dota , tf2 , smite and combined characters ideas and abilities into making this fun , fast-paced game. The visuals are stunning and the requirements are so low for a 2016-2017 game that you can't be lagging . Also idc which inspired from which , Overwatch or Paladins , I played both . Overwatch has that more competitive look to it , champions are harder and I didn't found it as fun . But of course if you are into competitive gaming go for Overwatch , it just isn't for me . Overall I've put 30+ hours and I'll be putting much more than that from now on so a 9/10 considering this is early access . The most downvoting I could give for Paladins is the EAC because if you have a virus it could consider it a hack and could get you ban , but other than that the game is flawless"
,Not Recommended,444090,30134502,Posted: 23 February,all,WaffleBot,i cant believe this peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥game is alive still yet evolved is dead
,Recommended,444090,30128881,Posted: 23 February,all,Ashes,"Beautiful game. I don't really mind the Legendary cards thing and the whole essence deal, in all honesty I'm just glad I'll be able to get MVP poses more often now that radiant chests can be bought with gold. Two legendary cards are more than enough for my mains(BK and Maeve) and I generally enjoy the game thoroughly."
76561198054832406,Not Recommended,444090,30103989,Posted: 22 February,all,PonySlaystation,The game used to be pretty good but every patch breaks the game more.
,Not Recommended,444090,30130682,Posted: 23 February,all,csilentdeath,"The essence system has broken the game. The only way to unlock heros or their ""cards"", ability boosters, is to get essence which you can only get from chests that take about 10 games to get, which will yield about 100-1000 essence. The new cards are 18k essence each. It ruins the diversity that one player can have and screws matchmaking.FIx this."
76561198108919087,Not Recommended,444090,30101511,Posted: 22 February,all,JX Jayax,Started playing just before OB44 dropped. Needless to say I'm disappointed in Hi-Rez.
,Not Recommended,444090,29413426,Posted: 21 January,all,Dasreyh,I have never had a harder time in my life trying to make an account.
76561197995903036,Not Recommended,444090,30117661,Posted: 23 February,all,christianosportuso,It was a very good game before 0B44 came out (~22 Feb 2017). Now it is the same old P2W game where if you want to play for free and be competitive it's not really possible unless you grind like a korean. Definitely not recomended.
,Not Recommended,444090,30104446,Posted: 22 February,all,"Woah hey, welcome to my swamp","The new patch sucks balls so much, i cant play since it says it runs out of memory (even if minimum is 2gb and i have 8gb)i literally cannot hear a thing, i have one volume drive active (all the others disabled, still nothing)The game has potential but i feel with less then 1gb they ruined the game somehow"
76561198041926548,Not Recommended,444090,30117561,Posted: 23 February,all,Fran,rip game that gets ruined by another greedy company that only cares about the $$
,Not Recommended,444090,30131668,Posted: 23 February,all,biskutjacob,Best overwatch i've ever play
,Not Recommended,444090,30120801,Posted: 23 February,all,Glorious Kenku,OB44
,Recommended,444090,32923530,Posted: 28 June,all,Saendra,"Paladins is an interesting, dynamic team FPS with many heroes and loadouts appealing to many playstyles.While it may seem like an Overwatch clone, the two games are different in many ways and feel different.Game frequently receives content patches (new heroes, maps and cosmetic awards) and balance patches.That being said, it's rather hard to start playing if you don't want to buy Founder's Pack as it will probably take long to farm gold for all the heroes you want. Also no lore so far, if you're into it."
,Not Recommended,444090,30132672,Posted: 23 February,all,Skeletal Seminal,"This game was the game that got me back into playing games regularly, it's fitting that OB44 is the reason I'll stop playing games for a while. lol / Edit: My best description of this game is that when you lose, you don't know why so you're extra upset and when you win, you don't know why and it takes the feeling away. OB44 should be remembered by F2P companies just like Tribes: Ascend should be."
,Not Recommended,444090,30105248,Posted: 22 February,all,CirnoBaka,How to turn a cool game into a p2w grindfest with♥♥♥♥♥♥cards. Just now on Season 1 of Paladins.
,Not Recommended,444090,30115733,Posted: 23 February,all,JayPV,"OB44 Dropped on 2/22/2017 and so did any reason to play this game,Don't play it."
76561198120742015,Not Recommended,444090,30107620,Posted: 22 February,all,D-Dawg,When i try to update the launcher and play for the first time it didn't let me. It said please restart your pc. Once i did that the problem wasn't fixed. Whats wrong with this game. If anyone has this problem and knows a solution please tell me.
76561198027081529,Not Recommended,444090,30133136,Posted: 23 February,all,tacbum,"With patch .44, Beta, I'll be moving to overwatch. My $30 it better spent there, where I won't be required to spend 10x that much to get the cards I need. I like the new legendary system, but seriously...I'd have to play for a month to get 1 card. Sad."
,Not Recommended,444090,30112615,Posted: 22 February,all,Eridactyl,"Edit: I'll give Hi-Rez credit for trying to fix their mistakes... but it shouldn't take as much disatisfaction from fans as it did, when they could have avoided the mess in the first place. The game is still incredibly buggy - way moreso than it was before OB44, and I am still not able to play any gamemodes that require 2 teams, which is why my review will remain negative for the time being. I am restricted to training or PVE, which isn't exactly fun since there is one particular way to win that really doesn't require any effort at all, and even in those games there are issues with framerate and ping (and I have never had issues with ping before, it's only in Paladins, and I have had it get as high as 900, despite supposedly being on my preferred/closest servers). There are still way too many visual and audio bugs, and several items that have been acquired through chests or purchases are randomly disappearing from my account. I will still occasionally play the few gamemodes that I can, but until Hi-Rez focuses on fixing the bugs that they've (re)introduced with the newest patch, I still can't quite recommend it, at least until all of the gamemodes are at least playable.I found this game recently, and fell in love with it. Then Hi-Rez went and released OB44 and I can't recommend it in it's current state. They took a fantastic FPS and turned it into a  grindy, P2W mess with more bugs than I can count, despite the fact that from what I've seen and heard, most feedback from a public test server prior to the release on the main servers were negative. Is there even a point in a PTS if the devs aren't going to listen to their testers?Any attempts to play following the new update result in getting kicked halfway through matches - assuming you can even get into one in the first place, missing animations and audio issues, visual bugs, matchmaking nightmares and gamemodes that just flat out don't work. They have a character and a gamemode temporarily pulled from the game because of ""crashing issues"" (should these not be things that are fixed BEFORE the update is pushed?!?!), and many of what used to be core abilities of the characters were removed and locked under the guise of being ""legendary"" cards, which can only be unlocked with a new currency that is given out by chance in chests. Basically, grind or pay up to get chests, and maybe then you can get more essence to unlock key features of champions that you probably already actively used in OB43.The community has been screaming at Hi-Rez not to do this, and despite their claims that they actively listen to us and use our feedback, they did it anyway. Even the #1 competitive player called them out for it and their response was childish and immature, instead comparing the game to Hearthstone (which is not comparable) and basically saying that those who complained didn't understand cards or loadouts. It's a shame, because this game was incredibly fun. I'm hoping one day I can change this review although it seems like Hi-Rez has a bit of a reputation for killing their own games like this. I won't hold my breath."
76561198057607303,Not Recommended,444090,30101889,Posted: 22 February,all,Painkiller [Destroyers-ITA][WIC],Can't commend this game after the freemium turn it took in OB44. Hi-Rez straight up ignoring the playerbase has put the build-your-playstyle part of the game behind an rng wall. Take a look at the game reddit and you'll seehttps://www.reddit.com/r/Paladins/.
,Not Recommended,444090,30103016,Posted: 22 February,all,DEVAII,"Paladins WAS a good game, a free to play game that really was free to play and enjoy.Then came OB44, and Paladins became yet another pay to win game.Maybe in the future Paladins will come back to its former glory, but until then our paths shall part."
,Not Recommended,444090,30115823,Posted: 23 February,all,Aebondeius,OB44
,Not Recommended,444090,30117673,Posted: 23 February,all,doomyosh,"One of the most fun games I've ever played.OB44 forced me to deinstall because I just can't take those Hi-Rez moves. Destroy my favorite FPS years ago and now this? Well, goodbye oh so loved game, maybe I come back when OB44 changes get deleted. But knowing Hi-Rez, this won't happen. So sad. It was such a good game."
,Not Recommended,444090,30135435,Posted: 23 February,all,Nasoo,"From a great, time consuming and, by many of my friends' words, very balanced gameto borderline pay to win aspects with one update. (OB44)You're better off going back to TF2 if they manage to not fix the mess they've made with this game."
,Not Recommended,444090,30104413,Posted: 22 February,all,ToRRent,They just added pay2win/pay2skip with overpriced items and cards.Bye Hi-Rez.
,Not Recommended,444090,29996265,Posted: 17 February,all,goblin,"(Good job everyone who upvoted this! That's the kind of stuff that will make devs think twice about shady practices.)Most of the reviews here are by children who are very excited over a free game, and not to be taken seriously.This is the only review you need to read because it tells the very simple truth.PositiveLonger time to kill requires good aim rather than instakill abilities.(changed in Open Beta patch 44 where everyone now does much more damage and have OP abilities)Free to play. If you can't afford overwatch you have nothing to lose (exept time) by getting this.NegativeHas now gone ""Pay to Win"" in an update disguised as a fun rework of the cards. In actuality the grind has increased by 8x what it previously was.Here's a post with the math.https://www.reddit.com/r/Paladins/comments/5v73ub/math_on_the_new_essence_changes_its_still_ugly/If you somehow still have a shred of doubt that this game is p2w, take a moment to read this:https://www.reddit.com/r/Paladins/comments/5vin10/drybear_on_the_cost_of_legendary_cards/https://www.reddit.com/r/Paladins/comments/5vif6j/18k_essence_for_1_legendary_wtf/Not having access to the same legendaries or epics as a player who's spent time and money in the game, will put a new player at a greater disatvantage, leading to an even greater steamroll effect. This does not happen in TF2 or Overwatch, where the playing field is always even, and skill and teamwork is what decides the outcome.The worst playerbase i have ever seen. Because the game is f2p, you will get a lot of 10-14 year old kids (i'm not kidding) and generally bad players. Make no mistake here. You WILL have at least 2 completely useless players in your team, every game. If you consider yourself somewhat decent at MP shooters, you will be amazed at how bad people in this game, are at playing this game. The worst part of this is that many of these players will be part of a premade group.Competitive is as bad as casual play, believe it or not, exept you will be losing your own personal ranking due to something totally out of your control.Let me clarify. This is a paladins exclusive problem. You will not see high level Overwatch players be completely and utterly worthless with their favourite character. As i said, due to the nature of the playerbase.Riddled with cheaters. We can't expect anything else from a f2p MP shooter without a proper anti-cheat system.Hi-Rez as developers. If you don't know much about Hi-Rez, they are a company that does games that get progressively worse as time passes. They ruined Tribes, they ruined Smite and they will ruin Paladins. Their communities are notoriously toxic, and their moderators censor any negative topic that raises a valid question. Silencing community members like this is a telltale sign of a bad developer in my opinion.No communication options. You can't chat during POTG. You can't talk to enemies during the game. And check this out: There is no built in voice chat. In a 5v5 supposedly ""competitive"" multiplayer shooter.The reasons given are toxic players. That is how bad the playerbase is.Low Budget Product. The game might seem good at first, but it feels nothing as smooth as overwatch or tf2. Abilities feel clunky and unresponsive, and can sometimes fail to exectute. Movement is not as fluid as these games either.Sure, it's an Early Access product, these things happen, right? I wish thatw as true. Unfortunately many of the bugs that exist in this game, and the poor network performance for that matter, has been inherited from Smite. Can you believe this? Bugs that existed 2 years ago in a previous title, has now been transferred to this game.The reason for that is simple, Hi-Rez does not listen to feedback. They don't care about fixing what is broken, only about pushing out more skins and ""cool stuff"" to keep the kids happy.But for someone that wants a long lasting competitive and fun game, those things are not a priority. Balance, stability and good community, is however.This review will probably get some negative comments, so keep in mind what i said about the community.For the forum moderators: Censor this why don't you."
,Recommended,444090,29735586,Posted: 5 February,all,Malla,"Paladins!! What can i say. so far paladins is one of the best games ive played so far.. apart from some of the glitches for joining matches, thanks all! I rate 9/10"
76561198263176538,Recommended,444090,30188155,Posted: 25 February,all,SirLucifer,i dont get why theres soo many recent non recomendations cuz this is a very fun game i just played my first match and i was the best in the match and its alot like over watch but its free.
,Not Recommended,444090,30099720,Posted: 22 February,all,CaSeR,to many bugs in the beta and servers are going down to quick and alot of champions are to overpowerd and walks away with no nerf!
,Not Recommended,444090,30100516,Posted: 22 February,all,Amin Yamom,♥♥♥♥♥servers
,Not Recommended,444090,30097992,Posted: 22 February,all,Rhazu,"they should fix the ♥♥♥♥ing competitive mode and balance the champsbut other than that this game is pretty cooledit: well since my soul was hurt because of the broken competititve system after this new OB44 update, i really dont want to play this game anymorethis game is fcked up, whatever"
,Not Recommended,444090,30098926,Posted: 22 February,all,PudzMan,Your game is shet. So much bugs
,Not Recommended,444090,30134572,Posted: 23 February,all,$JEKBOER CAMEL,"(EDIT: The developers actually showed they care at least a bit and made some new changes, I'll play the game again and even recommend it  but I'll still leave the review up because HiRez will be reminded of their mistakes this way)DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME!The Developers have completely screwed it over by making it p2w,you now have to grind for hours, weeks to be able to even play a single champion.There has been a great community backlash and the developers don't seem to care one bit,they are even insulting people who are dissapointed with them.I think this is completely innaceptable and will refuse to play the game until they show that they care about other things than money.I've seen too much games go down due to bad desicions made by devs who then don't care to fix them.But the backslash this game has seen, unfixable in my opinion.So unless you're ready to grind for hours upon hours for a dying game with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ developers, don't play!"
76561197970679763,Not Recommended,444090,30131626,Posted: 23 February,all,Pyroblade,Wow this was a decent game until the greed set in. To max one toons cards will probably take you the rest of the year or if you are rich a few minutes. The last update really upset the balance the game had. Went from a decently balanced f2p pay to look cool game to straight p2w over night. RIP to what could of been a great game.
,Not Recommended,444090,30131813,Posted: 23 February,all,spookyhats.gif,It was good while it lasted; turns out you can't teach an old dog new tricks. Except in this case the dog is Hi-Rez and the trick is not ruining their games for once.
,Not Recommended,444090,30138608,Posted: 24 February,all,Ōkami 「GoingCollege」,"It was a good game, until OB44 came out"
,Recommended,444090,29480861,Posted: 25 January,all,bmaster23,"[+] FPS[+] Fantasy[+] Skill,Character & Map"
,Not Recommended,444090,29950973,Posted: 15 February,all,Black Roc,"Game was fun and ideal for spending couple hours after work. Until they released this ♥♥♥♥♥ofachamp called Maeve. She is a loud but a tiny ♥♥♥♥♥ who has high base damage, self heal, cd reset, high mobility, no reload and no damage fall regarding to distance, plus ♥♥♥♥ing huge hitbox of her knives. Moreover, they brought this unbalanced ♥♥♥♥♥champ way too early, we just had a new tank. Now, she is running around, wrecking havoc. She brought me to point of deleting this game and buying overwatch instead. So, stay away from this game until Hi-Rez takes a lesson from destroying game balances."
76561198112825570,Not Recommended,444090,30104337,Posted: 22 February,all,Drunken Master,"Client wouldnt run through steam, ~24 hours played at the time of this review.When I first started the game had obvious flaws but was still fun to play, the OB44 patch has pretty much given it the axe as far as Im concerned though. Paladins already had you fighting uphill in the beginning (if you didnt have a Founder's Pack) and this patch has just made it worse. HR has taken away a necessary stream of gold by removing it from the Chest's, gold earned through matches just isnt enough to allow free players to catch up (locked Champions cost 5000-7500 gold a piece). Theyve made Champions considerably less versitile and killed what little semblance of balance the game had with Legendary Cards. Add this onto one of my poorer PUG experiences in a game and I can no longer justify giving it my time. It was fun enough that Ill check back to see if its playable again but right now I cant recommend it."
,Not Recommended,444090,30100218,Posted: 22 February,all,SnglPrnglNRdy2Mngl,Don't play this gameor at least don't play it now it looks good is fun but really glitchy 9/10 games won't start either because somebody didn't pick a char or somebody couldn't press ready for whatever reason and than when the game starts you could also just randomly crash.
,Not Recommended,444090,30115223,Posted: 23 February,all,⎛⎝Strikezam⎠⎞,"Paladins WAS an awsome f2p shooter with depth strategy card system.Play a new character , Learn the basic then after few games should have enough gold to start mix match your loadout to suit your play style.Enter OB44 with this new exciting p2w Patch, they introduce new currency, add rarity system with massive RNG.The game has dropped from friendly pick up and play shooter to a play to a grindfest collectible card game."
,Not Recommended,444090,30114180,Posted: 22 February,all,Empress Kay von Jikostein,"The game was fun, until the OB44 patch. Then they decided to ruin everything by making a P2W system and comparing Paladins to Hearthstone."
,Not Recommended,444090,30122510,Posted: 23 February,all,cryptoanarchy,"They reduced the grind after all the backlash, but I'm still leaving this review up because Hirez has a history of doing this kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥when they need some more money. Reducing the grind after a failed money grab attempt does not mean everyone should undo their negative reviews and praise them.Hirez pulled another Tribes: Ascend. They had a marvellous jewel in their hands, one that survived and even thrived among the release of Overwatch, and like typical Hirez they cannot grasp the potential of that which they designed, and must completely ♥♥♥♥ing demolish it and send it to oblivion.And compare it to ♥♥♥♥ing HearthstoneFor more info, see: literally every recent review, the subreddit, official forums, twitter, or every outlet in existence.But wait, there's more:https://imgur.com/a/sLfGBhttps://imgur.com/a/8PKZnTheir response? Attempt to mask the grind game even more, ignore every bug report concerning the PTS on the official forums, even removing a champion by accident, and push it all to live.People did the math and unveiled the true grind behind the masks that was too insane to be true, speculating legendary cards to be around 8,000 or 10,000 essence.Hirez makes it 18,000.People cried out against the U-turn to make the game P2W instead of cosmetic-based.Hirez calls their community a bunch of whiners instead.Wow, just wow. I am speechless."
76561198058950568,Not Recommended,444090,30133105,Posted: 23 February,all,Kiran,FK OB 44
,Recommended,444090,29773021,Posted: 7 February,all,Moxie,"This game is great ""YES I do have overwatch and NO I don't like it, Paladins is much harder to play than overwatch because of the ingame drafting, card system and economy to further counter your enemies.""(Bugzy Steam)"
,Recommended,444090,30163552,Posted: 25 February,all,Thelime,"Overwatch? More like Overhyped, Overpriced, and Overly surrounded by fan boys.I know this review is going to get thumbed down by all the petty Blizzboys, but here's my two cents.OB44, yes? You complained, Hi-Rez listened. Legendary cards were reduced in price drastically, and gold rewards were amped up big time. It wasn't actually pay to win in the first place, but they still listened, because Hi-Rez DOES care about their playerbase. If you think this game is at all pay to win, go check out the first 100 ""games"" on the appstore on your phone, or 95% of the F2P games on Steam. Yeah, you can buy radiant chests for crytals. But why would I even bother when it is beyond easy to rake in gold, and you now earn Radiant Chests through mastery levels as well as profile levels!The only thing that is actually ""tough"" to earn is the skins. But there is often crystal earning weekends, and free crystals every week just for logging in! If you ask me, that is beyond generous. Did you know that developers need to feed their families too?Devs add new content: People complain its not fair. Devs fix added content: People continue to find things to complain about, even though it was fixed in less than a full day.Also, to the OW fanboys who are reading this, we get new champions almost once a month. How many new champions have you got since the game released almost a year ago? Oh, I thought so. What's that? Quality over quantity you say? Well, you're the ones who are paying $40+ dollars for a game that has microtransactions. So what's the problem here?Rant over. If you actually took the time to read this, I'm proud of you. I'd love to hear your response.TL;DR: Stop complaining, Hi-Rez has a small dev team and is doing a better job."
76561198047092059,Recommended,444090,30229502,Posted: 27 February,all,hαnƒ,"Sometimes HiRez does some bad patches, which break the game.Luckily HiRez seems to be one of the companies, which actually communicate a lot with the community and further fixing asap major problems.Playing Paladins daily and still looking forward to how the game will evolve. In the current state its highly recommendable, even if there are sometimes some bugs.I hope the games keeps rising....Also many of the negative posts during 21.2. - 25.2. were rage reviews since HiRez liberated a nearly unplayable patch, but got fixed nearly 2 days after (reviews dont seem to be up to date).So all in one and reminding this is still in beta phase and also f2p you get a lot of fun.(Also bought founderspack and some crystals to support the game)"
,Recommended,444090,29847036,Posted: 11 February,all,♠SidDeSloth♠,"Cheaper, more fun, less ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t version of Overwatch, would remcommend to actually have fun."
,Not Recommended,444090,30132925,Posted: 23 February,all,Tarktan,The new crafting system for loadouts is a crippling factor of this once amazing game.EDIT: They tried to fix it and failed.
,Recommended,444090,29721494,Posted: 5 February,all,Kijjum,Super fun. Pretty much a free Overwatch.
,Recommended,444090,29809583,Posted: 9 February,all,HR,You don't need other games if you have Paladins.
,Not Recommended,444090,30028900,Posted: 19 February,all,WinAce,"PROS:+♥♥♥♥ ton of potential+Fast matchmaking queue+Mostly stable frame rate+Can run on a toaster+Free alternative to Overwatch+Card system allows for much more flexibility than OW+Bomb KingYMMV:>Slowdowns?>Game is a bit more chaotic and strategy isnt as big of a factor>The carefree atmosphere may not personally appeal to you>The community is EXTREMELY pretentious and takes pride that the game isnt OW>Near no strategy most of the time>Seriosuly, this damn community tries to find whatever reason it can to hate on OW, no matter how tiny the issueCONS:-Easy anticheat is spyware, if you care about privacy you would best steer clear-High Rez will run this game to the ground eventually like SMITE and all their other games. Any fan who says otherwise is either delusional or is ignorant of their track record-Speaking od High-Rez, dont criticize ANY aspect of the game on their forums. you WILL get banned.-Do not get into an argument with anyone over whether this or OW is better-Pay to winI personally cant recommend this game, near-solely because High Rez is such a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ company. At the very least, dont spend moneyEDIT: I retract my pay-to-win complaint after a closer look at the monetary system int he game, but Hi Rez is still a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥who are going to run the game down eventually, as usual"
,Recommended,444090,30214199,Posted: 26 February,all,ViktorMeme | Bubbleeey,"Ok where to begin, This game has become my favourite game of all time. Not because of the gameplay, matchmaking or music but for the experience that this game has given me, never has a game alowed me to meet so many awsome people and you know who you are :P and allow me to see and be apart of a diffrent side of gaming, There has been no better gaming moment for me then being watched by 100's of indervidual people and being able to compete with the best of the best in OCE for that experience alone it has the right to be my favourite game of all time and i garanty ill still be playing this for years to come. So thank you to all the teams and everyone who i have meet and/or played with over the past year and also eveyone who has made the OCE Pro scene what it is today.Thank you :)"
,Not Recommended,444090,30134109,Posted: 23 February,all,/feg/ off,Become Pay to win after patch 44 !!Abandon immediately
,Not Recommended,444090,30117475,Posted: 23 February,all,FX,"I'll cut to the point, you're not Blizzard."
,Recommended,444090,29573371,Posted: 29 January,all,I DONT WANNA DIE,poor mans overwatchbut worse
76561198169035933,Recommended,444090,30128945,Posted: 23 February,all,John snow (ball),nice
76561198058080702,Recommended,444090,30214824,Posted: 26 February,all,|PainT.NeT|,"Is Pretty Gudd, I liKe tHe tree guy, he preety gudd too."
,Recommended,444090,30064766,Posted: 20 February,all,Mabel Pines,If you buy the DLC on steam save 1% off!Welcome to early access the amount of aim bots is quite highThere's nothing you can do about it for now but curse in SpanishOverwatch in a fantasy world except We got-Boobies-Elves-Lizards-Dirty old man-Teenagers-And a freedom fighter that got lost in this realmIn a matter of time it might surpass OWOh and did I mention it was Free?
76561198217119316,Recommended,444090,29533776,Posted: 27 January,all,Dimethylcadmium,REALLY GUD GAMECHEAP VERSION OF OVERWATCHRECOMMEND IF YOU WANT TO PLAY OVERWATCH BUT TOO POOR
,Recommended,444090,29616085,Posted: 31 January,all,With MySelf 贾里德,Overwatch For Poor People. It Is Quite Fun And Plays Well
,Recommended,444090,29695332,Posted: 4 February,all,RabbitDeNirO,i lyke
,Recommended,444090,30068981,Posted: 20 February,all,2B,"Pros :Free OverwatchPretty stable for a beta level gameFun to playCons :Login session is weirdSome heroes are OPCommunication can be hard (no voice talk, and chat in fps game is almost impossible)Closing Toughts :It's an early access game guys, give it a break.Community can be cancer sometimes, but I've seen worseLooks promising, hope there'll be much improvementUName : rulanhatesyou"
,Recommended,444090,29975037,Posted: 16 February,all,Woah!,You challange..... Roadhog?
76561198291970839,Recommended,444090,29788931,Posted: 8 February,all,SwiftKicks,This is a awesome Game to play =D
76561198254719237,Recommended,444090,29664193,Posted: 2 February,all,thegoldentank55,"you know i like this game but why is half the characters op,it hurts so much,its like im playing league"
76561198153067994,Recommended,444090,29982810,Posted: 17 February,all,Granny4thewin,♥♥♥♥ you. OB patch makes the ♥♥♥♥ing game unplayable.
76561197971293565,Recommended,444090,29911302,Posted: 13 February,all,BearSharkOne,"In 1972 a crack commando unit was sent to prison by a military court for a crime they didn't commit. These men promptly escaped from a maximum security stockade to the Los Angeles underground. Today, still wanted by the government, they survive as soldiers of fortune. If you have a problem, if no one else can help, and if you can find them, maybe you can hire the A-Team."
,Recommended,444090,29899820,Posted: 13 February,all,xopᴉz∀,Kid: Mom can I buy Overwatch?Mom: NoKid: Okay...
,Recommended,444090,30216556,Posted: 27 February,all,IVILaTiOn^,ummmmm..quite a good game  but !! u may get bored from it fast
76561198339700557,Recommended,444090,29548204,Posted: 28 January,all,KirinYolo✘,I like this game because its first person shooter and it has tactics which help you and its competitive what i like! if you like FPS and competitive games this one is for you!! i like everything about this game
76561198091148073,Recommended,444090,30061122,Posted: 20 February,all,Goatguy13,"I used to be very skeptic of this game, already owning Battleborn and Overwatch, but eventually got quite curious about this. I downloaded this, and honestly have no regrets. Here is why I think so:The characters, inspired by Overwatch in many ways, are fun to play as, and allow players to improve them to their liking in making card loadouts.There is a good balance in character potential, at most times, and every time I play I face new challenges and players that I enjoy battling past.The locked characters and some customizations can be gained by earning gold through playing the game.You can gain credits for a round to get your character minor bonuses that can help your combat depending on your choosing.However...what isn't good about the game is:Sometimes you will feel or be absolutely helpless to certain enemy attacks, such as a well-placed bomb by Skye or you push the cart as an enemy uses a knockpack attack that throws you into a nearby eviromental hazard."
,Recommended,444090,29437827,Posted: 22 January,all,ProLaptic,this game is so good
76561198139491143,Recommended,444090,29657295,Posted: 2 February,all,CloseQueen,Thanks Blizzard
,Recommended,444090,29622353,Posted: 31 January,all,imf1ne,THIS GAME IS LIKE OV*RW*TCH BUT THIS IS F2P GAME AND OV*RW*TCH IS NOT :) THIS GAME IS GOOD
76561198151504660,Recommended,444090,30217497,Posted: 27 February,all,Debayan,The father of all multiplayer fpa games.
76561198059575884,Recommended,444090,29626981,Posted: 1 February,all,theodoros,Very nice game. I suggest because it is free and you can choose many roles!! +1 i approve
76561198209297225,Recommended,444090,30000818,Posted: 17 February,all,deltor147,"Pretty good game if yyou wanna play with friends, decent mechanics and gameplay, however there are some problems with the game you can encounter ike crashes, connection being interrupted and files failing to validate."
76561198097157374,Recommended,444090,29948373,Posted: 15 February,all,anakin stop panakin,pretty nice alternative to overwatch
76561198312062319,Recommended,444090,29514323,Posted: 26 January,all,Spartan Phalanix Amaros,I've always asked my Mom if she can buy me overwatch. Mom: You have 60 dollars? because i ain't buying a damn game! Me: ;_; So cruel!... Love this game and free to play FPS
,Recommended,444090,30226683,Posted: 27 February,all,eSeeeeetheeeeeeegr8888,"NO, IT ISN´T OVERWATCHThat's it. Since Hi-Rez fixed the issue with the essence system, the game is pretty good. Yes, there are some champions that outshine the others, but, unlike other FPS', the devs tend to buff the ""bad"" characters instead of nerfing the good ones. That's it. Is a fun game. It is a beta. It's free. It isn't Overwatch. Go, try it out. Don't just judge it because an stupid guy in the internet told you that is an OW ripoff. Yeah."
,Recommended,444090,29450567,Posted: 23 January,all,Running-Target,"Paladins is a free to play ""Hero Shooter"" by Hi-Rez Studios, still in Early Access Open Beta.  It worked on Win 10, played good, looked good, sounded good.  This game is a cross between Smite and Team Fortress 2 IMHO, but might be compared to Overwatch, Battleborne and Paragon by others.It currently has 20 characters to play, some are unlocked for completing the tutorial and  a rotation of usable characters, the rest are unlocked by purchasing using in-game gold or a lesser amount of paid crystals, or you can buy a complete characters pack, current and future for 20 dollars.When you level up you get 1 chest with random cards, skins and gold.  Cards are used to make a customized loadout for the characters you play.  You can buy cards also using gold.  Game has a daily login reward system like Smite, earning gold or crystals.This game is competitive PVP 5 vs 5 game mostly but there is a player and Ai vs enemy Ai on a Payload moving map.  Other maps have objectives to capture or defend.  You earn gold when you completely play PVP matches.   You also earn in-match cash that is used to buy in-match items like buffs and stuff.  You start off playing matches with Ai only till level 5.  The character designs are a mash up from different games and the maps textures look average.Try it, if you like hero shooters.For more info:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H0FoXti6ZUEhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Y8p3at2Q_shttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_8sdKeyELW4http://www.pcgamer.com/paladins-isnt-overwatch-but-it-is-pretty-mediocre-right-now/https://www.rockpapershotgun.com/2016/01/20/paladins-more-characters-not-just-a-lot-of-variation/#more-342149https://mmos.com/review/paladinshttp://www.ign.com/articles/2015/08/03/paladins-how-smite-creators-new-game-channels-team-fortress-2http://www.ign.com/articles/2016/09/20/paladins-developer-responds-to-overwatch-comparisonshttp://www.eurogamer.net/articles/2016-09-27-watch-how-similar-is-paladins-to-overwatchhttp://www.giantbomb.com/videos/unfinished-paladins-10062016/2300-11629/"
,Recommended,444090,30182304,Posted: 25 February,all,Shinra Tensei,Overwatch for People in poverty
,Recommended,444090,30094650,Posted: 21 February,all,Asterix // 404,"Now, i haven't played this game for along time, but i can say if you want a free game which is like Overwatch but has a twist and a different feel this game is for you, its graphics are decent, and you dont need a £900 gaming computer to run it my poor laptop with intergrated graphhics and AMD can run it smoothly, at medium or sometimes on high, I've played two games both with Skye, shes a flank class, and i was able to get top play on my second as, her *E* Ability is OP, it drops a bomb which does massive damage, i put it right ontop of the capture point when we were losing it, it killed 2 tanks and a damager, which i think is pretty decent, Although people saying its like Overwatch, well they obvs haven't played it, as this game has a complete different feel, etc. Games can vary from being long or short depending on how lucky you are, my first game only lasted like, 20 mminutes and my second game lasted 35 minutes so they can vary, its not hard to level up at all and sure you get the hang of a champion within a few games of playing, but it also depends on your play style, if your a COD player, i would recommend 'Viktor' as he is a damage Champ, just you gotto be quick to get him first cus most of the new players catch he up, before any 'advanced' players can, i was gonna choose Viktor to be my main champ, but i always notice Skye, is left alone, and she is never played well i chnaged that i started being Skye, and i think she matches my play style well.Right this review was longer than expected, if any of you actually read though that, Thank you for reading"
76561198131860294,Recommended,444090,30248547,Posted: 28 February,all,Capybara100,"This game is great, in my opinion. Although it is frequentely accused of being a ""copy"" or ""clone"" of overwatch, this game is truly unique. I love to just sit down and relax on paladins. It is a fun, free to play game that is constantely improving. Allk the time, the Hi-rez team are incorporating new champions, new maps and new additions to the game to improve or diversify gameplay. I would reccomend that you get this game to at least try it, if you don't like it then it doesnt matter as it is free."
,Recommended,444090,29621408,Posted: 31 January,all,I'd fuck a cactus.,es gud
,Recommended,444090,29991791,Posted: 17 February,all,bantz,"In Paladins, you'll be able to play one of these colorful characters>Discount Ratchet>Groot>Doomfist after the second omnic crisis>A narcissistic bully>Purple Genji>Quinn...and many many more"
76561198355186090,Recommended,444090,29863107,Posted: 11 February,all,hotdigety,"This is a great game and has a lot of good content, I understand that it is still in BETA but it definitly needs tweeking. Keep up the good work HI-REZ :)."
,Recommended,444090,29870932,Posted: 12 February,all,eric,"its free overwatch, tbh. its a good game."
,Recommended,444090,29827928,Posted: 10 February,all,ACE {GameKillerZ},Eight Letters -> G-O-O-D-G-A-M-E
76561198266780237,Recommended,444090,29863491,Posted: 11 February,all,benthehuman,"When I first played this game, I initially believed the rumours that this game is a blatant Overwatch ripoff. However, as I've given the game a chance, I've realised that the game actually has a lot more to offer.  I've played a lot of ripoff games and they usually just put every character and game mechanic from a different source and form into one huge atrocity. This is not the case with Paladins. Paladins is set in a fantasy world with mages, dwarfs, creepy knights and high-tech weapon users. The characters are particularly fun to play with, with their silly voicelines and abilities that can easily turn into a combo. If you're not an Overwatch fanboy or a person who hates F2P games just for being F2P or a person who is always salty af, this game will be a great experience for you(except the part where the entire team doesn't capture the ♥♥♥♥ing point or push the goddamn payload)."
,Recommended,444090,30084026,Posted: 21 February,all,♠ T A N K Ξ R ♠,يا اخي اللعبة ادمان :|||||||||||||||||||
,Recommended,444090,29808460,Posted: 9 February,all,MamaToldMe,"Similar to Overwatch, but when you play with friends it is way more fun."
76561198211043249,Recommended,444090,29808609,Posted: 9 February,all,╲⎝⧹Scissors⧸⎠╱,Gud game in general
76561198047602445,Recommended,444090,29808829,Posted: 9 February,all,BadNeko,pretty fun game actually.. and dont compare it to OW
76561198093306699,Recommended,444090,29928269,Posted: 14 February,all,Only 1 Button,It´s fun.The Mechanics feel familiar when you've played Team Fortress 2 or Overwatch.Looks and feels polished. Although I have yet to see how easy it is to aquire new heroes and cosmetics by playing for free.
,Recommended,444090,30022969,Posted: 18 February,all,BAMM1x,"the only game that has grabbed my attention since my csgo addicition. i own paladins and overwatch, although they are two completly different games i feel like paladins is more rounded, less based around ults and more team based."
76561198141349099,Recommended,444090,29405743,Posted: 21 January,all,HuNteR,"Very awesome game , I recommend to everyone :)"
,Recommended,444090,30203499,Posted: 26 February,all,Gandalf The Red,Great game !
76561198299003146,Recommended,444090,30164058,Posted: 25 February,all,flavius.andrei500,Is good
,Recommended,444090,29973653,Posted: 16 February,all,mcmikey292,im surprised that it runs on my laptops. awesome game and gonna enjoy it with my friends
,Recommended,444090,29506659,Posted: 26 January,all,LiLNugiVert,this is a good game for free yeah
,Recommended,444090,29721253,Posted: 5 February,all,ŽⓩRO,it is an a nice game and wonderfulbut we need to play with the all player in game
,Recommended,444090,29539176,Posted: 28 January,all,APW,A free version of Overwatch which is actually pretty good seeing how this all started from Overwatch copying TF2...
,Recommended,444090,30218056,Posted: 27 February,all,TheSaltyBeard,Awesome game. There was a big issue with patch 44 but they resolved it super fast.
,Recommended,444090,29726000,Posted: 5 February,all,Sinon Vinyette,"I have been playing Paladins SINCE ALPHA...The game is great, there are a few balance issues but they can be fixed if the community speaks out on the Community forums on Hi Rez website...The gamemodes: You will say they are copied from overwatch... Well i would rather say that Paladins got ideas for gamemodes mostly from Team Fortress...To all the people who say this is a Overwatch copy... It isnt... some classes might seem similar but lets take Cassie and Hanzo... THEY ARE DIFFERENT they have no simmilar skils except for the main attack being a bow...One exception might be Fernando and Reinhardt... They have the shield skill which is probably the same...Another thing that it makes the game unique is the unique card perk system.. It might not be great but is a cool feature that has space for improvement...Graphics : They are simple but good and smooth.... With a good pc You could run 200 FPS probably easyClasses: They are pretty balanced but there might be some unbalanced classes here and there... but in general they are all okCard System: Its a cool feature where you can make unique custom build... This was reffering to class specific cardsThe cards you buy during the game are well balanced but it is kinda stupid you have to buy new one's every round...Maps: I dont see any bad maps... All of them seem pretty good with some CQB and medium to long range action.. Well it depends on the gamemode since in Payload you will have much more CQBAll around this game is great... Yeah i would call if Overwatch for poor people since the style of the gameplay is really similar but it has the unique card system which is a cool featureOh and if you dislike this review just because i reccomend the game you can go f*** your selfThis next part is about the Overwath Paladins fights...Release Date?: One thing that i know is that this game was Announced much eariler than overwatch... So i wouldnt conisder it that Hi Rez was making their game after overwatch.. rather overwatch after paladins...One thing i will say is I DO NOT STAND FOR OVERWATCH OR PALADINS... Im sick and tired from the ""OH PALADINS COPIED OVERWATCH"" fights... Im neutral...OVerwatch has is ups and down as well as Paladins..."
76561198082433473,Recommended,444090,30245259,Posted: 28 February,all,ItsFox,I don't have money so I played this for the feels T_T
76561198359239910,Recommended,444090,29620603,Posted: 31 January,all,IDrankMilk,This game will be clostest game to Overwatch you will ever see. This is the best free fps multiplayer game on steam. Paladins has great updates and I can't wait for it to get released out of beta
,Recommended,444090,29580241,Posted: 29 January,all,Dophamine,"simple, fun, yet pretty smooth for mid spec laptop like the one i have"
76561198179602021,Not Recommended,444090,30100808,Posted: 22 February,all,thefrugaldougal,BROKEN- Avoid if you take gaming seriously
,Recommended,444090,30163578,Posted: 25 February,all,Zabin3,- Good selection of champions- Nice visuals- Game is optimized- Good UI- Very fair F2P model- Cool abilities
,Recommended,444090,30164029,Posted: 25 February,all,AkiRyuuTo,"this is actually a good game, considering i played csgo, dota 2 and lol in the past... i can use my experience within those 3 games effectively here (provided there are no obstructures xdd)"
,Not Recommended,444090,30103407,Posted: 22 February,all,Zargnos,"It's still a pretty fun game if you don't mind the rng grindfest that was introduced in patch 0.44, which adds absolutely nothing to the game other than making it take longer for you to unlock the cards that you want, therefore artificially prolonging the game's longevity."
,Not Recommended,444090,30116647,Posted: 23 February,all,Tocino,Essence currency ruined the balance of the game
,Not Recommended,444090,30112415,Posted: 22 February,all,Rapunzel,"Ever since OB44 came out today I can't recommend this game anymore. It used to be a fun class-based Overwatch alternative with an ethical monetization system. Now it has become a grindy, pay2win game where you have to rely on RNG to items that once were available just by playing the game for a bit.We Tribes: Ascend now bois.EDIT: Hi-rez has improved the grind a bit. It's not as bad as it was before."
76561198111300937,Not Recommended,444090,30115245,Posted: 23 February,all,Hard to Carry,It always disconnects my account. Please fix it
,Recommended,444090,29579648,Posted: 29 January,all,Console Aim!,"""Overwatch Rip-off""Yeah sure and Overwatch is a rip-off of TF2"
,Recommended,444090,29801642,Posted: 9 February,all,Deska,Game 11/10 make ying op plz m9
,Recommended,444090,30159406,Posted: 24 February,all,LookingForDuoPUBG(KenNHK),so addictive and really really really nice game....And this game is really awsome for those people who cant buy over watch :v*like me*
76561198311125665,Recommended,444090,30127178,Posted: 23 February,all,Captain_Mitsos,Very good
76561198169856823,Recommended,444090,29514661,Posted: 26 January,all,Capt. Carrots,budgetwatch
,Not Recommended,444090,30034188,Posted: 19 February,all,Devil-Kun,"Great game with super original characters. My favorite original character is Viktor which is one of the most original her- sorry I meant champions. And the gamemodes are just brilliant and super creative. I would love to work with people who have such originality and creativity to create such great games like Paladins. Oh and I also forgot to mention that you can ride horses ! And the game is filled with microtransactions which is one of the best things a free game can have ! Also, you have to pay to get the her- sorry again, champions which you can pay with gold or gems ( Gold you get by playing the game and gems you can get by irl money ) so you can really get the aspect of the FTP genre that this game has !Overall, I would give this Overwatch and TF2 copy a 11/10 for it's originality !Side note: You don't have to agree with what I said so don't go up your♥♥♥♥♥and be toxic as♥♥♥♥♥♥in the comments, konoyaro !Sayonara~"
76561198349397433,Not Recommended,444090,30157507,Posted: 24 February,all,Left Handed Morty,"THIS GAME IS♥♥♥♥♥♥ IT DOES NOT LISTEN TO THE COMUNIT, AND IS FULL OF BUGS THAT DONT MAKE EASY TO REPORT..."
76561198128609954,Not Recommended,444090,30112603,Posted: 22 February,all,Tank Engine,"This review is based on Paladin's OB44 Patch,After playing this game for months now,I have finally had enough of all the negative factors that plague this game.As a person who has both played Overwatch and Paladins,I can honestly say that this game is more than just an ""Poor Man's Overwatch"".It is a game full of lags,bugs,and balancing issues that have not been addressed by the developers for a long time.Yes,I know Paladins is a Beta and its not the final game,but this should not be an excuse for Hi-Rez to dismiss minor issues and bugs since OB36 and the word Beta is kinda pointless when the developers are releasing champions every month as well pricy cosmetics.The concept of Paladins Is that it is a team-based shooter like Overwatch but mixed with elements from MOBA like spending items to build loadouts in order to alter the character's abilities,as well as to fit the player's playstyle.The game has also a wide variety of characters with different roles and abilities,ranging a tanky old man with a magic hand canon,to a healer with a gun that turns enemies into chicken.Although this may seem fun and an enjoyable game to new players since it is not graphically demanding and its also free,the truth is that the longer you play this game,the more you start to see many of the game's downside.When compared to a game like Overwatch,Paladins does not feel like a team-based shooter as there isn't a strong emphasis in teamwork and majority of the time there will always be that one guy who rushes to the point without waiting for his teammates and immediately gets decimated by the enemy team.There are many champions that are unbalance,especially when equipped with one of the three legendary cards (Which I will explain later on).An example of this is Torvald,who I find one of the Tankiest champions in the game with such a huge shield and health number,you can't tell if you are putting enough damage on him.Matchmaking wise,I can't say for all people but for me its below average.I'm a player in Singapore and when I matchmake with people in Southeast Asia,I get people fom either Thailand or Vietnam on my team,as well as experience tons of lag.There are moments where I can see the enemy infront of me but the game will freeze for one second and the next secong the enemy is already gone and has killed me.Ever since OB43 released me and my friends experience alot lag than before and until now its still present.When the match ends and shows the control point,there are times it also shows champions riding on horses or floating in the air,sometimes the Play Of The Game is not in sync when the character kills someone and the enemy is not there.How did the developers not fix these small issues since OB36,I have no idea.The worst part of this game is the new currency and legendary card system introduced in OB44.Players now have the option to choose one out of the three legendary cards for their character before the match starts,which makes champions even broken.An example of this is Skye,in which one of the cards give her a 100% cooldown for all her abilities after a kill or when she is credited for an elimination.While playing as her with this new card,I felt it was easier for me to avoid enemies easier and kill enemies quicker,there was even an enemy player who thought I was cheating cause I kept killing him and his teammates.The new currency is called Essence,which allows players to buy the legendary cards.However,this currency can only be earned from duplicate cards found in loot chests when you level up and the amount of Essence varies depending on the rarity of the card,which adds to the amount of grinding in this game.Not only that,this also makes Gold somewhat useless in game as you now only use Gold for Radiant chest as well as cosmetics that barely change the character's look.Another currency called crystals can also be used to unlock champions,chests,as well as rare cosmetics for characters.As of right now cosmetics are pricey(eg.a mask for Grohk is 125 crystal) and there are only two reliable methods of gaining crystals,daily rewards on the 4th and 5th day(Which only gives you 50 crystal),and microtransactions.Although cosmetics do not affect the game,I wish they can be easily earned from matches like competitive.This game had potential when it first announced as a free to play,but as time passed I am sad to see another free to play game soon dying and perish with other games like Loadout and Dirty Bomb."
76561198158431760,Not Recommended,444090,30115586,Posted: 23 February,all,Wild Duck,"Was a great game, but now dont even waste one MB on this game. Honestly huge let down with the latest ""Patch / update"" more like Gun shot / Downgrade"
76561198122001138,Not Recommended,444090,30117001,Posted: 23 February,all,Elliette,"5 words. OB44 Patch, Pay to Win."
76561198197846646,Not Recommended,444090,29824124,Posted: 10 February,all,Mexikan_Barkeeper,Its basicly Overwatch....buts its WORSE than Overwatch its REALLY WORSE so what is the point of playing it ? Well its free...thats all...if YOU got Overwatch there is NO reason to play this♥♥♥♥♥♥version of Overwatch and btw. its not even worth playing it if you dont have Overwatch
,Not Recommended,444090,30115583,Posted: 23 February,all,Jakemg2000,Says F2P but thats all a load of♥♥♥♥♥♥its now just become a P2P game with all the♥♥♥♥♥♥they have taken away and now want you to re get its a load of♥♥♥♥♥♥Patch 44 has ruined the game. GET YOUR♥♥♥♥♥♥TOGETHER
,Not Recommended,444090,29884904,Posted: 12 February,all,mai waifu > you're waifu,"Game is filled with aimbotters and performance is non-existant.On top of that, they added a ridiculously high pay2win wall... Good job on giving the finishing blow to an already dying game."
,Not Recommended,444090,30125664,Posted: 23 February,all,¡nfinity (╯°□°)╯︵ ┻,"It's now heavy P2W system. Better save money for Overwatch,"
76561198020845251,Not Recommended,444090,30108689,Posted: 22 February,all,al_vans,This game steals nerves. When Hi-Rez instal OB44 patch on server it was a big mistake. I hate this patch and whole game. IMBALANCE GAME EVER!!!!!
,Not Recommended,444090,30168298,Posted: 25 February,all,Torpy,Hi Rez are trying their hardest to introduce some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ system that involves a gigantic grind or handing over money for power. They've tried and failed a few patches in a row constantly reverting the changes and coming up with some new horrible system. I am convinced they'll continue and eventually not listen to the complaints and revert what ever horrible change they implement.
,Recommended,444090,29578540,Posted: 29 January,all,x2Madda,"I recommend the game and despite being touted as a Overwatch rip-off, at least HI-REZ didn't have the gall to charge $60 for a game and THEN shove microtransactions into it on top!Frankly anyone saying Paladins is a 'poor mans overwatch' is someone you should show pity towards. I remember back when buying a game meant just that, you obtained the game, bells and whistles included. Nowadays not only do you have to buy the game you also have buy the brass tacks to go with it and people today will defend that! So to those people, well they probably already own Overwatch and are just here to downvote anyone saying good things about Paladins and they can do so because as they say; ""a fool and his money are easily parted"".Paladins isn't Overwatch however. I would argue the experience is better but only marginally. Paladins is a team based death match that also has an objective that needs to be captured or pushed in order to win. If you have never played these types of games before then this is as good a place as any to dive right in. If you are a veteran of the genre then there is a character to suit your playstyle whatever your playstyle is.Its actually hard to say more about the game because its a shallow experience just as most of these types of games are. The whole point is to play for a few hours, win a few games, lose a few games and thats it.There are many intricacies that Paladins gets right and I could go into detail but the meat and veg of any review rests on if a game offers a good time and Paladins can...Sometimes.Its a team based game so your fun is directly related to how well your team as a whole performs rather than your own skill level in a vacuum so with a good team the game is a lot of fun while with a bad team it's infuriating to play.Join Grumpy reviews for all your gaming needshttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/grumpyreviews"
,Not Recommended,444090,29703182,Posted: 4 February,all,NightGamer196,"I like this game, but the community must be absolutely braindead to not realize there's an objective and that this isn't COD. The game makes it clear that you need to push the payload. The tutorial is lacking, I understand that, but while you're playing the game, it practically yells at you there's an objective. If I could leave this at neutral, I would. considering I actually like the gameplay when I actually get a proper team, which is literally 10% of the time, even in competitive. The community just absolutely kills it for me though. If you can get a team of five people that know what they're doing together, you can actually have some fun, but it's such a chore to try to play this game with randoms."
,Not Recommended,444090,29636101,Posted: 1 February,all,MrVoidSter,"free to play overwatch with EAC installed which can cause you later on problems with logging in the game,people contacted HI-REZ and according to them they won't even help them and now bitdefender is protecting my system from this EAC because for some reason it believes(or actually it does)the game is stealing my information.Do not download this game,just buy overwatch and live a normal life,it's not even worth the game."
,Recommended,444090,27330954,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,-DAVE-,Awsome game that awards teamwork instead of lone wolf behaviours.
,Recommended,444090,29844550,Posted: 11 February,all,ENGLAND is MY CITY!,Noice Gaem
,Recommended,444090,29873457,Posted: 12 February,all,Aoimoku,"Boy oh boy oh boy...I'll start with something simple: IT'S AWESOME.Whether or not you consider this a free rip-off of Overwatch, I'll just say that this is one hell of a game to enjoy. The rosters are enjoyable, especially Drogoz (if later on you decided to play this game and master that champion).Just some notes from my personal experience: since the OB43 update, I've been getting game crashes, like, boy it suddenly quits the game... PLEASE FIX IT HI-REZ STUDIO!Main point is: look at my gameplay hours. That's my opinion on this game~"
76561198105676150,Recommended,444090,30052699,Posted: 19 February,all,spagbol,"a little more olive oil would of been great, otherwise it tasted just like my mommas spagbol, aldente and well seasoned9/10 keep it up"
76561198052406594,Recommended,444090,29772603,Posted: 7 February,all,Audigy,Super fun and free so why wouldn't you try it. See you all in game.https://youtu.be/zsLQoUbqsrk
,Recommended,444090,30053602,Posted: 20 February,all,E. skinhub.com,daora
,Recommended,444090,29555313,Posted: 28 January,all,WhoCanPeliCan,"This game is a very interesting and exciting game to play. Even if after a while it can get a little repetative, I feel that it continues to be an interesting and exciting experience hours after starting. Its great to play with friends, and the party system works well. The characters are nice, and although many are similar to those in Overwatch, some are nice and original, and they are all fun to play....Even If they are not fun to play against at times.However, for the most part the characters feel balanced, and those that arn't get more balanced with each update, and this game continues to get more and more content, and continues to improve."
76561198254156279,Recommended,444090,29863479,Posted: 11 February,all,ThePeridactl,this game is not overwatch. it's so not overwatch to the point where it's not overwatch. one of the best part's of the game is how it's not overwatch. 10/4 would not overwatch again
,Recommended,444090,30249078,Posted: 28 February,all,Darknessking05,LOVE IT!!!!5/5
,Recommended,444090,30247942,Posted: 28 February,all,zhoil,"This may be a carbon copy of many games, but it takes all the best componenets of each game and the devs have turned it into something incredible, with a few minor visual bugs that literally dont affect gameplay whatsoever."
76561198130951912,Recommended,444090,30249955,Posted: 28 February,all,zachd77,how do i fix msvcr.dill i have been trying for over a year help pls
76561198088376979,Recommended,444090,30248745,Posted: 28 February,all,RedingtonMB,"it's pretty good, keep up the good work guys!OH...and fix dem bugs.."
,Recommended,444090,29564977,Posted: 29 January,all,dust,"First off, this is not an OverWatch copy... it was made before Overwatch was even released. The game revolves around competitiveness and strategy, (if you cant tell) and ive had a great time on it so far. The champions are all unique except for a couple, but overall, I would easily recommend this game to anybody. (AND ITS FREE)"
76561198174842986,Recommended,444090,29759941,Posted: 7 February,all,Certified white CIS male scum,"This game is amazing and I would recommend to anyone thinking about getting this game, Hi Rez have done a good job!!! :D"
,Recommended,444090,30041961,Posted: 19 February,all,Stephan [C'],PRO: It's on still update.. new stuff is waiting you ;)
76561198206215811,Not Recommended,444090,29884733,Posted: 12 February,all,kermit,It's a free Overwatch
76561198062906450,Recommended,444090,29406755,Posted: 21 January,all,Tokesu,A very Nice fps/moba/card deck thingy. I have enjoyed it alot and the devs are actively adding new champions and maps!
76561198298719017,Recommended,444090,30215383,Posted: 27 February,all,Koala,"Easy to get started, great skill depth, amazing competitive scene."
,Recommended,444090,30215373,Posted: 27 February,all,Beyond むげん,One Word: Awesome.How to annoy someone in game: [VHS]
76561198045711195,Recommended,444090,29492050,Posted: 25 January,all,Verboosa,bomb king will destroy undertale
,Recommended,444090,25588735,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Ty 哈,"As first look it just seems like another Overwatch, but it's actually quite different.The game is still in early access so still need to improve in a lot of areas, but all in all a decent game.7/10"
76561198252529662,Recommended,444090,30130034,Posted: 23 February,all,Stigil,This is good.
76561198183842129,Recommended,444090,29574010,Posted: 29 January,all,God.,good gametotally not overwtach though
76561198033924046,Recommended,444090,30135475,Posted: 23 February,all,BLACKSasquatch,.
,Recommended,444090,29516517,Posted: 26 January,all,m00lan,top kek :D
76561198133868531,Recommended,444090,29811804,Posted: 9 February,all,Xuchris11,"I love this game, if you don't mind waiting 2:00 mins for a match to almost fill to then reset the timer because one person doesn't join.... But other then the wait time the game is always being updated with new content, cases that don't need keys to be bought to unlock, skins, and overall fun this is perfect. Not as polished as Overwatch but always not nearly as many ""try hards"", the community has been a breath of fresh air compared to other competitive shooters. The fun (when a game starts) the community and content keep me continuing to come back. By the founders pack support the awesome Devs at Hi-Rez!"
,Recommended,444090,29443751,Posted: 23 January,all,Infinious,"GG, FREE OVERWATCH"
,Recommended,444090,29408293,Posted: 21 January,all,HULKSMASH,its like overwatch and its rlly fun its like its for the poor people :) xD
,Recommended,444090,30228524,Posted: 27 February,all,CYKA NOOB ABUDI,Very good game for multiplayer and a good selection of 'Champions' to use which are all very fun to use.
,Recommended,444090,30174031,Posted: 25 February,all,Tiago Meraki,"Best game I've played in a long time. This simply changed how I see multiplayer games.As an early access game Paladins is updated once every week or so, each patch introducing game changing features and enhancing game balance. Hi-Rez is probably trying to improve their reputation about listening to the community (since they didn't during Tribes: Ascend development afaik) so community feedback is not only important but meaningful too.The game implements cards for improving playstyle, which is something I really enjoy. All characters you can play with have 5 abilities, and you can improve some of those or even give your champion new abilities by using the card system. If you use an ability more often you'll want to use cards for improving it. Of course you'll have to give something out in order to improve something else.As a multiplayer game you'll have to work together with your team in order to win. Speaking for experience, the more organized and synchronized with your team you are, the better chances you have at winning.Bug are part of the daily life when playing Paladins, but that's expected in a game updated once a week. With every patch old bugs are corrected and new bugs appear, and that's the way development works. Most of the bugs have workarounds or are just visual so I don't think this is game breaking at all."
,Recommended,444090,29842398,Posted: 11 February,all,featureD,I have overwatch but why am i more addicted to this game than overwatch?
,Recommended,444090,29437914,Posted: 22 January,all,MorbidGenocide,Decent game comparable to OW but with aspects from League and a couple of other games.
,Recommended,444090,29993887,Posted: 17 February,all,frend.,BEST GAME EVAAAAA!!!!!!-Can Run On Toaster PC.-Can Be Refered As Poor Man's OverWatch.(bet better cuz these two are totally different.)-Constant Updates.-Good Community.-really fun game.-Lots of Champions to choose from.-lots of rewards.-really the definition of Free2Play.-Deserves to be first on most popular.
,Recommended,444090,29823946,Posted: 10 February,all,MechaDoc,"-Edited from negative to positive.The game runs perfectly on my weak laptop, only with a few frame rate drops.Note: Every second patch brings some lags in it, the next one fixes it.Now I don't play MOBA's or more competitive focused games, and yet I definetly enjoyed this one.Alot...-The maps are beutiful.-Character designs seem simple, but yet pretty.-Easy to learn mechanics.-There are champions for both low skill, and high skill players.-Alot of characters to choose from.-Character customizations- ""Cards"" which lets you focus on certain skills, and skins (even tho most of them are just plain recolors)Hope that talent cards won't be a disapointment.-Generous devs.-Great soundtrackWell... A game doesn't come without ""Bad Things""-Bad matchmaking. Its kinda hard to get a nice team that doesn't get stomped easilyIn competitive its even worse. Teams made by your personal rank, not your skill. Rank point win/loss is a bit bs aswell.-No melee, always have to rely on your weapon or skills.-Gigantic body hitboxes and pixel sized head box.-Easy Anti Cheat, or also known as EAC. Im not flamming it. It just scares away many people with the history they have. And with the recent ""EAC: Connection interupted"" error its even worse.-Bugs... As to be expected...-No class limitations. You have no idea how many battles we lost with 4 flankers.-The game has turned into massive grind with legendary cards, many champs had gotten nerfed or massively buffed aswell. Alot of main abilities became legendary cards.Game is free to play, with fresh content coming almost monthly.Some opinions on some champs.Sha Lin. His stun is kinda messy right now. Some times it will stun even if you haven't touched the wall, or even knock someone sideways.Kinessa. Oh boy with haven nerfed, here comes the two shot kills!Skye. Too many nerfs. Tiny buffs.Torvald. Very overpowered in games with new players.Pip. Move on to flank section.Grokh. In higher play he turns useless as people figure out to kill the totem before him.Maeve. With her being able to 1v1 almost any champ in the game is OP tho it is fun. Too bad she is getting masive nerf in ob45Victor/Tyra. Point. Click. No skill needed."
76561198128708220,Recommended,444090,30001836,Posted: 17 February,all,✯ Mia ✯,Overwatch 2
,Recommended,444090,29474433,Posted: 24 January,all,Swami,"Paladins is a really good game. Many say its a ""Poor mans Overwatch"" and I would say this is slightly true however the games are different. Owning both paladins and overwatch I find myself playing both depending on what I am in the mood for. I find paladins is more of a smaller map constant action, while even though overwatch is also high action compared to other fps games you have to prepare to defend and the maps are much larger with much more diversity than paladins. In overwatch the maps are an exact replica on both sides and although I could be wrong I do not believe this is the case in Overwatch. Overall It is an exciting game that is a great way to kill time and I would reccomend."
,Recommended,444090,29452416,Posted: 23 January,all,Yuvie,Wonderful gameI'm addicted
,Recommended,444090,29822562,Posted: 10 February,all,✪ Nuțu #JSS,decent overwatch copy! :D
,Recommended,444090,30058019,Posted: 20 February,all,@JDota,Is it Fun?--YesIs it worth your time?--Probably if you want something new or have played overwatch.Which do I like better overwatch or this?--I'm actually having fun with both. It's the same at some aspects but widely different at some.Is it good?--YesIs it a pay to win game?--At some point it might become that one but the devs had bad time when they created a pay to win game *ehem tribes ascended. So there's a 70% chance it won't become a pay to win game.Is this an overwatch clone?--No. If you're gonna call this an overwatch clone then might as well call overwatch a TF2 Clone.Is it worth it to spend dimes on it right now?--Yes. It'll help the developers a lot. Even though I don't own the founders pack. I will at some point buy some in-game cosmetics.Is it buggy?-Yes. It suffers with some bugs but not game breaking. (I.E the U.I sometimes vanishing for 30 seconds or so.)
,Recommended,444090,30052943,Posted: 20 February,all,hello,"Great first person shooter!  Recommended for people who like or want overwatch. Very similar, and very fun.  Updated every now and then, adding new maps and characters.  In my honest opinion, this is one of the best first person shooters there is out there, with special abilities and an ultimate. Every character is unique and fun to play with. Also,  it is free!  Great game for people who don't wanna spend money on good games."
76561198194086733,Recommended,444090,30053779,Posted: 20 February,all,• cαt •,"I love this game too much to not write a review.Its fun, its a game that can make you rage a lot, and its a good one to play either in a team of strangers or with a group of friends.I love the characters you've put in, and, all their perks and abilities {Maeve is bae,} all of this and all the other small things just simply make it wonderful and pleasant.Yes, I might rage a lot and I do have an opinion about nerfing one or two classes but tbh, if you get really good at your characters then you can out-power some of the really tanky ones.I imagine at this rate the games going to continue to get a lot of love and support, so keep up the hard work! :3"
,Not Recommended,444090,29826818,Posted: 10 February,all,XilencX,TOO MANY ♥♥♥♥ING BUGS
,Not Recommended,444090,29800639,Posted: 9 February,all,Minatozaki Sana,"Easy Anti Cheat.Will force you to DC even if you have stable ping.Edit: I still recommend this game though, despite the poor Anti-Cheat this game has. It's still in beta so hopefully they'll improve EAC.Edit 2: SEA Server is ♥♥♥♥ed up. Constantly getting 300+ ping, And it's really unfun."
76561198083612211,Not Recommended,444090,30057405,Posted: 20 February,all,ThExorcist,"Could become a great game (it is an interesting Hero-Shooter), but has many bugs, and the AI strength was clearly not tested by the developers (Overall i give it 2/5 for now... and i'm being generous)"
76561198236793458,Not Recommended,444090,29798407,Posted: 9 February,all,bakaba_noder,Don't download this ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,444090,29764679,Posted: 7 February,all,ShagNasty.BriskeysGaming,Wish this damm game would work on my computer I keep reinstalling it and crap if i can't get in the game i can't login your dumb  website login ....wish it would auto do it from steam ....dammm it's a hassle. I'll change my review when your crap works right.
76561198087026052,Not Recommended,444090,30042323,Posted: 19 February,all,stevoman1543,"The developers of this game made it to dificult to actual play the game. I have to go through several different menus and websites just to make a username and then the game tells me I have to exept a EULA agreement that doesn't even show up. I would have really enjoyed a chance to actualy play this game if I was actualy given that chance, but I, myself don't want to have to activly search for a way to get an account for a game in beta."
76561198188602723,Not Recommended,444090,29798571,Posted: 9 February,all,CumShogun,the game is kinda fun but it's almost impossible to progress. Like when you win a match your rating goes up with maximum 70 points and when you lose a match you rating goes down with minimum 150 points
,Not Recommended,444090,29827470,Posted: 10 February,all,Summonergeek,Cant log in. No matter what. Seriously. two new accounts cant log in...
,Recommended,444090,29431700,Posted: 22 January,all,SLEYM,"This is a very good made copy of overwatch but there are some serious problems I noticed, for example, ""skins"" are worthless and change only color of item and this even sounds horrible. Moreover you cannot pick more then 1 same charater in team, that obviously sucks, is this dota or something? also from time to time there are some problems with phisics, but this is beta, so it's okI gotta say that it is a really nice overwatch for the poor, but anyway 7.5/10"
76561198093385145,Recommended,444090,29421117,Posted: 22 January,all,ChiZ,8/10
76561198271861088,Recommended,444090,29813622,Posted: 9 February,all,Overfallen,"So, I'm a huge Overwatch fan. It's my favorite game ever, and I have it on PC and Xbox One. I got Paladins to play a similar game to Overwatch with friends who either couldn't run or couldn't afford to get Overwatch. Now, though, I find myself playing it by myself sometimes. It provides a good change of pace to Overwatch, and the players are certainly less salty. The game lacks the polish of Overwatch, but that's to be expected, as it's only beta. I'm excited for the story, and I hope they add a story mode (not sure if they will, but it'd be a great way to distinguish the game from Overwatch). Though I like Overwatch more, I'm excited to see how Paladins progresses. I would highly recommend you try it, as it is free."
,Recommended,444090,29779945,Posted: 8 February,all,kidopasx,"really good game but, it won't allow me  to get in my account most of the time, please fix this error.and please add a reporting system so any hackers get banned.Please let us play more :("
,Recommended,444090,30081709,Posted: 21 February,all,Dhoom Machale Dhoom,This game is awesome <3
,Recommended,444090,29845337,Posted: 11 February,all,imadous,"Palandis is a nice game that share some similarity with TF2 and Overwatch and it's a lot of fun.the good:- daily login rewards :hee:- rewards for playing- earning currency and buying champions is quite easy! :)- devs are very active and the game is getting updated quite often!the not so bad:- because it's a F2P game, devs need to be able to earn money selling skins so yeah. you won't be able to earn many skins really fast and apart from buying hero's the gold currency does nothing much.All in all, the microtransactions system this game is one of the ""most customer friendly"" one's i've ever seen. you will not be pushed to spend anything unless you really want to. and you should ;-)! .. this guys deserve all the support!"
,Not Recommended,444090,29705998,Posted: 4 February,all,JayRod,"If someone reads this with the same problem but fixed, I would greatly appreciate it!And I'm not providing a TL;DR because if you're willing to give your time then you'd read what I wrote.Was recommended game by a few friends and after watching them play it it looks like a great game, if I could play it...I was extremely unimpressed when I was attempting to download the game and received an error. Considering myself tech savvy, the TL:DR is that I managed to get the game to actually start downloading. When it was finally finished and the Paladins launcher started, I linked my Hi-Rez account (I am a big smite fan) and waited for the game to load up. I got a launch error when I reached 100%. I exited the game and loaded again. The same thing happened, but I recieved a different error. The website linked provided aboslutely zero help and even when I hit the fourms for about 2 hours I came up with  absolutely nothing. I later caved and uninstalled the game, but when I tried to re-install I got the same error I got when I tried to install Paladins the first time.I'm sure it's a great game, but it would be nice for the devs to provide more information on the errors and actually provide help on what to do about it."
,Recommended,444090,30047965,Posted: 19 February,all,XXXTentacle,Noice
76561198052831363,Recommended,444090,29454869,Posted: 23 January,all,QBDLettuce,"This is less of a critical review, and more of an endorsement based on my enjoyment of the game.An amazing hero shooter that ticks all the right boxes. Highly recommended if you find yourself looking for a fun, accessible but hard to master shooter, look no further. Paladins bring genre-favorite features all into one place, including the renown built-in Character voice commands, professionally voice acted for each character, that was first introduced in Smite. It allows players to communicate using in game chatter, for coordination, teamwork, or general silly remarks including audible taunts to enemies on the battlefield. It's a whole new skill to master alongside the shooting.As for the nonsense going around the internet of Overwatch-this, and Overwatch-that, Paladins was actually in the making way before Overwatch was even considered. Overwatch is a failed Blizzard IP that was going to be an RPG called Titan. Blizzard, upon realizing an RPG would not do as well as they originally thought, and they saw the trends and what Hi-Rez was doing with Paladins, they quickly recycled their already mostly done content, and turned it into a shooter.So, no, this is not an Overwatch clone, Paladins came first, and deserves the credit, because Hi-Rez, has yet again taken a genre and made it exactly what people love and want in it, in the first place. The same thing Smite did for MOBAs, Paladins does for Hero Shooters. It's just the best of all worlds into one place.Highly recommend this game."
76561197960676848,Recommended,444090,29672029,Posted: 3 February,all,ANGRY WALNUT,this is a really awesome f2p game i thinks this is one of the best f2p games out there but the most awesome thing is that its early acces so we can expect a lot more content to be released so this gets a 8 out of 10 from me and when the game is officaly launced and not in early acces any more maby it wil get a 9 out of 10 then
,Recommended,444090,29559281,Posted: 29 January,all,GoldBeatX,overwatch  very early access
76561198125128782,Recommended,444090,29592294,Posted: 30 January,all,Xenon,[VVGG]
76561198291090409,Recommended,444090,29772074,Posted: 7 February,all,♦$crollDownヅ,Recomand dar rezolvati cu bugurilee
,Recommended,444090,30174582,Posted: 25 February,all,asdzxc,"Do not read those ""Negative"" reviews simply because they don't hesitate to use their critical thinking and logical assumptions for one second before jumping on the bandwagon of bashing Hi-rez over ONE patch that they ♥♥♥♥ed up.First of all, let me just say that all those reviews that yells how bad this game is, but having only a double-digit play time on Steam, is actually so laughable. Please do not take things out of context and write a review based on part of the truth just because some reddit post encouraged you to do so.Now, to the real game. Paladins has been a great game, at least from when I've played (OB40/41 or sth). I've enjoyed it except for a partial of the players who is reluctant to learn from mistakes. But the game's not at fault with that aspect, isn't it. The game's balancing was done quite right, no champions were left out and has their own strengths and weaknesses respectively, except for a few champions that they are looking to tweak. It is worth noting that there was little to no paywall except for cosmetics.OB44, why does everyone stand against it so furiously?To commence with, the essence system was deemed a giant paywall and basically an enormous boulder in the way of progress for new players. Skill cards now requries essence to acquire, while it was able to be bought outright. It's also graded subjectively by the Devs while it was equally priced before. I'll not waste time and if you want further background of this, reddit is where you should go. Now, after they tuned OB44, new players received a massive boost in their way of gaining essence to obtain the cards they desire. The rate of which essence is gotten has ramped up for at least 5 times the speed, comparing to the original OB44 fresh patch, provided you're a decent player. (Few easy achievements that gets you at least 20k essence in total, and chests rewarded at early levels etc.) It is no longer an obstacle, but rather part of the progress.Second, the fact that Hi-rez took things that was originally built in the game and puts them into ""Lengendary Cards"", was severely talked down by players. Evidently, the move was not appreciated by the community. However, I was not flinched by this. This feature welcomes a new aspect of the game where you can choose which area you would like to excel at on your champion that you've chosen. This greatly balanced out the game IMO. For instance, Cassie. Her combo of shot-dodge-shot-dodge, or the mix of disengage-dodge-shot, was notoriously insane. Cassie has the identical, if not more burst damage than a Flank champion, with great versatility and maneuverability, let alone the damage boost that applies for 2/3 of her skills. In this patch, you must now choose her abiltiy to excel in dodge, or disengage and what not. She can no longer charge up her shot after pretty much every skill she uses, and finally be more on par with other DPS champions.To my last argument, it is crazy how people speaks at first sight and talk without seeing how things develop. Surely, OB44 was quite a mess at start. However, Hi-rez has been tuning the patch non-stop. From in-game, to rewarding players who previously reached requirements of radiant chests. They clearly do not intend to push out OB44 once and call it good. They have been tweaking it, and it is unclear that how would OB44 finally shaped by changes made by Hi-rez. Nobody can tell how would OB44 result in the end. NOBODY.Therefore, before the OB44 patch notes come to an end, announced by Hi-rez, it is unfair to rate them over ONE patch. So far, I can't say I'm consent with the current state of the game, but I am willing to go through this endeavor and see what would Hi-rez come up in the end.I recommend this because the game is good in GENERAL and was quite enjoyable prior to OB44, not simply bash them because of ONE patch that they messed up, which they are, and have been attempting to fix as well.You're more than welcome to check about me on paladins.guru, Ernacae."
,Recommended,444090,29418382,Posted: 22 January,all,Bubbles,"If you create a game which is as similar to Overwatch as this is, you have to put up with a comparison and I think Overwatch does most things a bit better than Paladins. The heroes seem less balanced in Paladins, the abilities are sometimes a bit random and the graphics / presentation seem a bit less polished.But for a f2p title which is also still in Beta, the game is good fun and worth a try. It also seems that gaining the ingame currency to unlock new heroes, chests or loadout cards is not that much of a grind. I played for less than 9 hours so far and was already able to unlock 5 heroes.All in all a nice and quite enjoyable game."
,Recommended,444090,29553838,Posted: 28 January,all,rasta,I LOVE THIS GAME!
,Recommended,444090,29836384,Posted: 10 February,all,♪ Redix ♪,It's working!!
76561198170782298,Not Recommended,444090,30119088,Posted: 23 February,all,Dracovine,"A bit bland. The game did not seem very interesting and ultimately I did not find the game capturing. It also had lots of problems such as waiting queues never loading and the servers constanlty being down! Honestly, rather save up to buy overwatch or something else."
76561198152684616,Not Recommended,444090,30118976,Posted: 23 February,all,Zinvyre,"OB44, killed the game for new players completely!"
76561198318890477,Recommended,444090,29928491,Posted: 14 February,all,Nikola Tesla farmskins.com,i really recommend it because its like free overwatch (i know i have like no hours on it cuz this is my 2nd acc so trust me its rly good)
,Recommended,444090,29513008,Posted: 26 January,all,Poison1Scorpion,"If overwatch and league of legends had a baby, it would be this game..."
,Recommended,444090,30101901,Posted: 22 February,all,ArturRRNeto,"Paladins is a real-time-shooter-multiplayer-online-battle-arena that steals mosts of its ideas from the critically acclaimed 2003's ""The Simpsons: Hit & Run"". With the recent appeal for eSports, Riot ships Paladins as a game with zero RNG, hand-crafted characters hitboxes and no-microtransactions. Even tho the game is still on Alpha, you can see that the devs are focused on clear out all the bugs just like the 9/10 No Man's Sky did in the dawn of gaming with the Commodore 64.Stay away from this garbage."
,Not Recommended,444090,30098768,Posted: 22 February,all,Bounder,Almost.... just almost
,Recommended,444090,29461630,Posted: 24 January,all,Dicky,watch out for all those salty players at casual match.
,Recommended,444090,29411496,Posted: 21 January,all,Postal1982,good
,Recommended,444090,29436956,Posted: 22 January,all,Beagán,The poor man's Overwatch.
76561198105599393,Recommended,444090,29649685,Posted: 2 February,all,LemmYY,BEST GAME I EVER PLAYED SO FAR THAT IS FREE.. GOOD JOB
76561198272215004,Recommended,444090,29492613,Posted: 25 January,all,ShaHaKa,I hope this game can play in offline mode so I can play with my friend in LAN
,Recommended,444090,29493277,Posted: 25 January,all,AriuS,Free Overwatch <3 LOVE IT
,Recommended,444090,29499586,Posted: 26 January,all,Avalanche.tk,"This Game is powerful, but i think Hi-Rez must remove the ""BETA"" words because this game is stable for me"
,Recommended,444090,29557498,Posted: 28 January,all,a greasy italian,"Experience true combat gameplay in a massive military sandbox. Deploying a wide variety of single- and multiplayer content, over 20 vehicles and 40 weapons, and limitless opportunities for content creation, this is the PC’s premier military game. Authentic, diverse, open - Arma 3 sends you to war."
76561198309656581,Recommended,444090,30148259,Posted: 24 February,all,IonutZ,Very GOOD
76561198279865574,Recommended,444090,30197722,Posted: 26 February,all,javi1445,"This is a very good game! I've been really enjoying it so far. About the essence thing, HI-Rez already fixed a little bit, so it's not so bad. I don't want this game to become a freemium game! Overall, this game is very fun and enjoyable. Plus, it's free to play! You have cards and decks that completely change your character, which makes it fully customizable! Something that Overwactch doesn't have. I don't like to compare Paladins to Overwatch, but Paladins is better.The one negative thing that I don't like is that, *most* skins are just re-colors, and that is super cheap, BUT, you can buy them with in-game currency! Again,I don't like to compare Paladins to Overwatch, but Paladins *in my opinion* is better."
,Recommended,444090,30127879,Posted: 23 February,all,Exclusive-2GD,♥♥♥♥ing playing shotguns
,Recommended,444090,30127894,Posted: 23 February,all,AceGeo,"Not sure why people say negative things about this game.  It's very good, and that's coming from a League of Legends player.  I've put over 2,000 hours in League, and this game is a fun experience.""It's an Overwatch copy""Visually?  Sure, but the gameplay is it's own, and to be fair, Overwatch is a TF2 copy, so who's really talking?I've had great experiences in every game and this one is quick to pick up.  There isn't any uneccesary grinding like League (after 2,000 hours I still don't own all the champs), and it isn't pay to win.  You can buy cosmetics which are actually pretty funny and appealing. Great game, and if you have friends it's a must have... free game..."
76561198080265637,Recommended,444090,30212902,Posted: 26 February,all,✯headshotprime,This game is sick!!
,Recommended,444090,29735876,Posted: 5 February,all,j ｏｒｄａｎ,"Great Game...But one problem...I loved this game but at the same time, the only thing i hate about this game is it's unfixed logging/ launching thing,it either gets you to go back in the username/password box and say ""disconnected"" again for no reason, or your game crashes and black out from your computer, i like how the game can run a bit smoothly and just right even from the poor specs of pc's fps/ etc. ( talking about mine. and others, etc.)i only asked for you guys to start fixing these logging/launching issues a lot of us here have the same issues and till now it ain't fixed yet i hope you guys would fix it, as of now, i cant even launch the game it always sais disconnect, nothing's wrong with my wifi or pc,  that's just sad man. i wanted  to make more gameplay videos of these but sadly i can't even launch the game.Have a nice day   -OnyKnighT"
76561198132906026,Recommended,444090,30205793,Posted: 26 February,all,Diker,"They ♥♥♥♥ed up UB44,but 3-4 days later they patched all of the problems,and the essence drama.Oh you know too hard to collect for newer players.But they lowered the price,and stuff.Nice. 69/69 not IGN confirmedBtw the Skye valentine's day skin is not okay,but it's okay for umm staring at the packages of Skye,if you know what I mean."
,Recommended,444090,30225603,Posted: 27 February,all,[IBN] Fladenbrot,Very nice Game . Overwatch for those who dont have andy money xd
76561198159436881,Recommended,444090,30224263,Posted: 27 February,all,Endman1125,Its jsut a free replica of overwatch
,Recommended,444090,30223613,Posted: 27 February,all,NarbiusTheGreat,"First things first, I do believe this game is definitely similar enough to Overwatch. But it isn't a direct copy. And if I were to call it a direct copy, it's a GOOD direct copy.Here are some great things to say about this game: There are several different game modes to play and several different characters to choose from. It has a competitive scene already forming. It is still being updated with big content updates. This game compared to other free to plays isn't very pay to win. And many more.This game does have some problems though. I have encountered some bugs, and it definitely needs some balancing. Certain characters are clearly better than others, so much so that they are generally on every team you are going to face against / play with. I also dislike the fact that characters are variable, so you can make your character be good at the things you want. So one player can be totally different from another player playing the same character just based on the cards and skills they chose. I personally would prefer if they just added more characters instead of making each character variable. Overwatch does not have this problem.That being said, this game isn't bad at all. It's a great alternative to Overwatch especially if you aren't willing to pay the $40 for Overwatch. And I definitely expect it to become much better and more balanced in the future."
76561198207963359,Recommended,444090,29842634,Posted: 11 February,all,Alaska,"i would strongly recommend it, it fun to play and of course cheaper than overwatch"
,Recommended,444090,29889108,Posted: 12 February,all,Fyre,Awesome game
,Recommended,444090,29901705,Posted: 13 February,all,King Dante,No money for overwatch???This!!!
76561198081497423,Recommended,444090,29908606,Posted: 13 February,all,Atlas,pretty good
76561198000398290,Recommended,444090,29910160,Posted: 13 February,all,Souless Crab,Love it!
,Recommended,444090,29932830,Posted: 14 February,all,Wubba Lubba Dub Dub.✖,nice game :) im looking forward for the future updates like maps and heroes
,Recommended,444090,29948508,Posted: 15 February,all,Frobie_gamer,its a cool game make a great team work and it`s so funny i recommend this game to some guys if you like team work this is your game
,Recommended,444090,29886945,Posted: 12 February,all,[SWITCH],Great Graphic. Fun Gameplay. But I Give a Suggestion please make a map a wider and bigger. i think it a best way
76561198268176217,Recommended,444090,29822842,Posted: 10 February,all,SuperKips | TeamRazer.co,Nice Game
76561198252495646,Recommended,444090,29831475,Posted: 10 February,all,DerpyFox,Amazing Game I LOVE IT
76561198361600600,Recommended,444090,29833653,Posted: 10 February,all,Kek,Great Game and it's free
,Recommended,444090,29843590,Posted: 11 February,all,Erf Sheikh Kur,good
76561198357849557,Recommended,444090,29845915,Posted: 11 February,all,ツ,"A very influential game with a magnificent gameplay, but it deserves a little more. More maps and graphics best champions. It would be ok if you were unable to resolve the lag that occurs in matches. Thank you!PS .: I recommend!"
76561198104628095,Recommended,444090,29870225,Posted: 12 February,all,Sbstn,Best FPS F2P game I´ve ever played :)
76561198172060033,Recommended,444090,29997801,Posted: 17 February,all,✪ ApeX,Very Fun Game
,Recommended,444090,29406882,Posted: 21 January,all,Bodean Abernathy II (Gray),Basically a free to play Overwatch.
76561198331655533,Recommended,444090,29565750,Posted: 29 January,all,iamprosmurf004,llollo
,Recommended,444090,29523722,Posted: 27 January,all,dhiars,"Please do something about EAC related error. I really want to play but couldn't because of EAC problem. I keep getting ""connection interrupted"" error message. I also can't launch he game without this trick i get from Youtube."
76561198126876681,Recommended,444090,29589614,Posted: 30 January,all,Scrub Mommy,"much good, many wow"
,Recommended,444090,29664038,Posted: 2 February,all,🅱️achigga my 🅱️igga,Its ok
76561198347650098,Recommended,444090,29664091,Posted: 2 February,all,Jetstream sam,THOUGH it is a copy of overwatch but its an amazing game must say very fun playing with friends
76561198290416321,Recommended,444090,29664570,Posted: 2 February,all,AfiqDan,I like turtles
,Recommended,444090,29743021,Posted: 6 February,all,ItsKev1,"This game is pretty fun if you know how to play the roles, pretty much like Dota 2, except this is an FPS very similar to overwatch, what people refers this game as ""cheap overwatch"". This game is pretty much optimized for weaker desktops and Laptops, since my weak laptop is able to run this game smooth 60 FPS."
,Recommended,444090,29711990,Posted: 4 February,all,spacekitsch,i'm having a good time
,Recommended,444090,29442817,Posted: 23 January,all,Inferno Cop,quite good yes
76561198120357321,Not Recommended,444090,29706650,Posted: 4 February,all,chocolate,"I couldn't even play it. Wouldn't let me sign into my google account, then when I tried creating an account with that email, it wouldn't register. I created other email accounts specifically for the game, but then Paladins threw my account away or said I already registered that email. Wish I could've played it, but had to uninstall for how bad it was for me."
,Recommended,444090,29822521,Posted: 10 February,all,Denisu hellcase.com,"This game is like Overwatch for poor people/people with a bad pc, but this game is so cool. I'm spending like 3/4 hours per day, you know i can let it, i'm very excited to play it every day, but the single thing that is not cool at it is the thing that you need to add a lot of money if u want  some cool skins, the rest of the skins are boring.For me this game is cool +1 ."
76561198148935512,Recommended,444090,29837123,Posted: 10 February,all,ChronoTech,I challenged Makoa! Now I'm Hooked...Pun intended. @_@
,Recommended,444090,29901552,Posted: 13 February,all,Pōtogasu Dī Ēsu,ddad nive
,Recommended,444090,29958267,Posted: 16 February,all,FIRA,This game is fun and fast pace but the only problem is the server you'll get disconnect lots of time
,Recommended,444090,29963378,Posted: 16 February,all,Cibrig,"havent played the game for that long, most of the time it was just running in the background and thats why i have so many more hours than i should have, but i think its really good. everything seems balanced from the characters i've played (the starters and Androxus) and the characters i've been killed by. my only problem is most of my friends have macs so i cant play with them but other than that everything seems really good.to sum this up: from what ive seen♥♥♥♥♥♥s balanced, it runs smooth on my toaster, really fun, and not as similar to overwatch as i was led to believe (i played it to make sure it wasnt so im pretty happy about that) and mac support would be a nice feature but ive never used a mac so i dont know if theres something stopping iti rate it A/5"
,Recommended,444090,29800139,Posted: 9 February,all,itachi,best time pass
,Recommended,444090,29807530,Posted: 9 February,all,if he's gay then im gay,eh
76561198225612004,Recommended,444090,29845945,Posted: 11 February,all,♔ Fluqe  ♔ Elysian Gaming,good game very nice
,Recommended,444090,29857434,Posted: 11 February,all,NoEars,"Everyone says this is an ""Overwatch Ripoff"" but then people say OW is a ripoff of TF2 and don't continue. Well how about every FPS game is a ripoff of Quake and such games? If you actually play this, you will think it is not like OW at all. There is a LOT about this game which make it unique to OW. Although I do prefer OW, I would recommend this game so much because I feel it's a lot faster paced, you get to customise your character with cards so you can have more ammo or more health and so on. All these perks. And then you earn credits in game to buy perks for you character for more survivability, a faster reload, ect. This game is fantastic and if you can't run OW or have the money for it, yeah, this is a great alternative."
76561198061055730,Recommended,444090,29778210,Posted: 8 February,all,Blue SCARY fish,"In time where tf2 is dying, overwatch is highly desired, call of duty will ever stop going futuristic, enjoy a game that gives more updates then tf2, f2p unlike overwatch, and has a call of duty like character. Its free, its fun, it has no violence or graphics that younger audiences might fear, it even has a lovley charm to the beauty and uniqueness of characters. No chickens were harmed in the making of this game but some bombs might be :P-free-fun-constant updates-no rated M content-attractive characters-the best king in any game"
,Recommended,444090,29555169,Posted: 28 January,all,Skywalker7791,9.5/10 =D just needs some minor bug fixes thats it
76561198329308989,Recommended,444090,29772418,Posted: 7 February,all,KingArthur45,awesome
76561198062937762,Recommended,444090,29721156,Posted: 5 February,all,Master Kuku,GG
,Recommended,444090,29454103,Posted: 23 January,all,Snioutic,Fun and free
76561198251249450,Recommended,444090,29519239,Posted: 27 January,all,Dukun JAV,nice game
,Recommended,444090,30059177,Posted: 20 February,all,N1cho,"The Game Is So Nice And The Creators Always Add New Champions, Keep It Up Hi-Rez And It's Free"
,Recommended,444090,30069973,Posted: 20 February,all,Mudkipmage,Hi rez is back at it again creating another great game for everyone to enjoy. This takes a new spin of the fps genre allowing players to work together and assume the gender of a rat or tree. Hi rez really is open minded in todays world and Paladins is a breath of flesh air in the fps genre.Overwatch is still better. More genders to assume like weebo or pig man
76561198141695929,Recommended,444090,30015249,Posted: 18 February,all,PROBLEM?,asdasdasdas
,Recommended,444090,29440375,Posted: 23 January,all,The Dankosaur,Why the hell is this fun.
,Recommended,444090,29474385,Posted: 24 January,all,🎃 Spooky Killingman191 🎃,fun game almost in a way like TF2 but its a nice good looking fun game to play
76561198311303674,Recommended,444090,29622775,Posted: 31 January,all,OSQR,Dont Have Money For Overwatch GET THIS GAME
76561198096265589,Recommended,444090,29739777,Posted: 6 February,all,`Sy,thumbs up
76561198032043351,Recommended,444090,29776105,Posted: 7 February,all,Memberberry,"It's a mix of Overwatch and TF2 with a card system similar to Paragon but simpler. The game has enough that is different in both characters, abilities, maps, etc. that it's unfair to call it an Overwatch clone.I've enjoyed the game so far and for a free to play game there appears to be no pay 2 win element which is great. The game runs smoothly maxed out on an old GTX 880. It's still in beta so there are some small bugs but I have not ran into anything game breaking.I own Overwatch and have found myself more addicted to this than Overwatch even after having hit level 115 in Overwatch within 2 weeks after it's release. Game has a lot of potential and almost everything can be unlocked with in-game currency and the grind is not steep, the only items that can't be paid with in-game currency are exclusives for tourneys or events.Overall 8/10 and highly recommended. Will update if the game starts to take a bad turn, so far it's great!"
76561198216580536,Recommended,444090,29576206,Posted: 29 January,all,dmoneyc15,its fun
,Recommended,444090,29893506,Posted: 12 February,all,Maiels,"I used to play Overwatch on computers from Internet Caffes because I did not have the money to afford the game, it is way too expensive. But i incidentally came upon this game, randomly on steam and sincerely I am very happy about it.In my opinion it delivers almost the same experience without having to pay to win or rely on microtransactions.I love stealth like chatacters so Skye was a nice surprise in this game, especially her playstyle. It is easy to play, fun, challenging and very fast for getting experience in this kind of game.nothing to say about graphics, sound or system requirements.I absolutely recommend this game!"
76561198337475580,Recommended,444090,29910093,Posted: 13 February,all,Sackboy YT,Awesome you need to get this game like NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,444090,30020198,Posted: 18 February,all,Samercam,"Solid game, but it clearly still needs some balancing. You can get all functionality without paying a penny though which is nice. It just takes a bit of grinding."
,Recommended,444090,29966048,Posted: 16 February,all,Veng3ance,paladins > overwatch
,Recommended,444090,29981834,Posted: 17 February,all,"GR|M "" 死神 "" Reap3R","Defintely not Overwatch, something similar but BETTEr and more balanced...even now it's in Early Access.I've tried Overwatch myself believe or not and I'm a huge Blizzard fanboy...but for after so many great game release from Blizzard, Overwatch has greatly disappointed me...it feels very "" generic "". Nothing new brought to the table honestly.Long story short I have more fun in Paladins over Overwatch, this is why I recommend Paladins and most importantly is F2P..."
,Recommended,444090,29917045,Posted: 14 February,all,sweetpoison,Nice Game!
76561198308353829,Recommended,444090,30128971,Posted: 23 February,all,Floozi,"In a nutshell/Tl;dr:This game is amazing. It's essentially Overwatch on the surface, but has a deeper meta. It's free. It's not much of a grind whatsoever. My literal only pet peeve at all is the price of the paid currency. It makes Riot Points look cheap. Anywho...I'm writing this review at the time of OB44. When there seems to be a large amount of community entitlement for making their game slightly more of a grind. Which they haven't. Not really. Not if you actually consider what this game is like, and how the currency actually operates.They've added a tertiary currency; Essence. Which is used to buy cards for your loadouts. Essentially, this currency hs caused a great deal of moaning and groaning, and cries of ""P2W!"". But is it? No. Radiant Chests can now be bought with gemsorgold. Gold is extremely easy to earn, and I personally think this game is one of the more ""fair"" titles out there for people who are on a budget and only able to play mostly F2P games. Within a few wins, you can unlock a new champion, or buy two or three Radiant Chests. Literally less than 10. The games aren't exactly long, either. Most won't generally run over 10-15 mins.The purported ""issue"" is that grinding this essence is considered P2W because you can buy Radiant Chests with gems. When in reality, these chests bought with gems confer no extra RNG chance to the essence grind. You just don't have to play to earn them. That's it. Perhaps they increase the chance a little, like any card drop from any Radiant Chest would. Removing a card from the potential prizes pool, to replace it with an essence refund.Most of the negative reviews you will see here are simply high level players, who have already opened all their levelling chests, who are boycotting the game because they feel they've been duped. They've lost 40+ free chests worth of potential essence.Does this affect you as a new player?Absolutely not. Don't let the salt put you off. Try it out, have some fun.Should Hi-Rez compensate these older players to some effect?Probably. But honestly, they should already have most of the cards by now anyway, save legendaries. So their grind will be hilariously minimal."
,Recommended,444090,30065780,Posted: 20 February,all,MasterFanez,very nice lel
,Recommended,444090,30044729,Posted: 19 February,all,The Joke,Good game indeed just needs bug fixes and more heroes
,Recommended,444090,29927005,Posted: 14 February,all,Zoppie,I like it a lot!
76561198323093769,Recommended,444090,29942357,Posted: 15 February,all,A Magical Spoon,"Pros:Really fun,good graphics,low specs, Cons:Takes Time to get good just like every other gameOverall its Really fun"
76561198080613977,Recommended,444090,29943721,Posted: 15 February,all,luchiesposito,"Hi, i think this game is awesome, it has good graphics, an epic soundtrack according to the game.A very good game, it just need some bug fixes and a better power balance on some characters.Thanks for reading this :D"
,Recommended,444090,29626349,Posted: 1 February,all,Лингириншипир,Pretty fun but a little buggy
,Recommended,444090,29789156,Posted: 8 February,all,Psychomenon,"Best free game on steam right now.Pros:Patches almost every week with new content and bug fixes.Devs listen to the community.It's not a ""pay-to-win"" game.Several champions to play with, learn and evolve.There are 4 online game modes (you have to unlock one of them), and they are pretty good.Cons:Since it's a free game, the community can be toxic sometimes.Matchmaking can take too long, specially in competitive mode."
76561198207820533,Recommended,444090,29646555,Posted: 2 February,all,LatestRetard,its for people who can't aford overwatch
76561198151497268,Recommended,444090,29651292,Posted: 2 February,all,Yun,Basically what happens when you combine Overwatch and Heroes of the Storm.I won't be trying to figure out what was sooner or what is a rip-off of what or who copied or not...I  just feel the need to compare it with Overwatch because I've played it sooner. And honestly I don't care whether someone has copied anything or not. I can enjoy playing this game for what it is. A strangely good combination of FPS such as OW and MOBA system where you buy perks as you proceed further in a match and buy champs (no heroes) for money you get as you gain levels (from loot boxes- OW) and do quests.For a beta it's rather pleasant and fully enjoyable.AND FREE.
76561198349979579,Recommended,444090,29666553,Posted: 3 February,all,Kikiho Lea Leo,Nice Game
,Recommended,444090,29639734,Posted: 1 February,all,Mr. bLack,nice
,Recommended,444090,29730392,Posted: 5 February,all,brylidan,gets boring really fast
,Recommended,444090,29576008,Posted: 29 January,all,Pro.GameBoy,Overall I think that the game is better than overwacth and it has more custimizeable charatcers than overwacth like their cards that affect their ability in the game
76561198336224347,Recommended,444090,29463312,Posted: 24 January,all,Koyorin,Overwatch low budget :D but still fun thoo. need more heroes n more mapzz
,Recommended,444090,30007794,Posted: 18 February,all,ieyasu`,adfasdfasfas
,Recommended,444090,30069620,Posted: 20 February,all,Crasy,Pretty good I like the Fantasy and the MOBA aspects
76561198143477027,Recommended,444090,25813135,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Pinky Dildos,nice game
,Recommended,444090,26223149,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Veterano.,Good Game. It's like a free to play Overwatch Version.
76561198205746141,Recommended,444090,30041965,Posted: 19 February,all,Emiwy's Wiw Baby,"It's not very hard, but its not very fun either, but it's still in Beta Mode, so I'll quickly end this review with 6/10."
,Recommended,444090,29718452,Posted: 5 February,all,jailbird,stop the developement of the game and do a game just about bomb king
76561198352236379,Recommended,444090,29925628,Posted: 14 February,all,iamMaku,I am writting this after playing the game for 2 hours.I can honestly say that this game is fun! Looks and feels like the OTHER game but Paladins® won my heart for being F2P.
76561198047288903,Recommended,444090,29957852,Posted: 16 February,all,[OFS] NixVidz,"LOL, DONT RIP OFF LOLOLOLOLOL U RIP TF@ NA DOVERWATCH LOL THE EMND CHANGE UR GAME NOPOBS PLAY ROBLOX IUNSTED"
76561198191660549,Recommended,444090,29981070,Posted: 17 February,all,RetardLP,nice really ahppy play this game
,Recommended,444090,29991154,Posted: 17 February,all,batgele,This is one of the good games on the market even tho it's a free one. I have only 2 hrs but it's a great game.
,Recommended,444090,30237397,Posted: 28 February,all,MAGSASAKA,♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,444090,29483946,Posted: 25 January,all,DemiRose,best free to play on steam
,Recommended,444090,29905150,Posted: 13 February,all,✯skidd2k✯,Chindi Overwatch 😀
,Recommended,444090,29955829,Posted: 15 February,all,Pure,Good Game..
76561198076801577,Recommended,444090,29908766,Posted: 13 February,all,n00bfaniel,Paladins is a great Free-to-Play. I know everyone says its an Overwatch copy but both games have their own unique mechanics. One of the biggest things being the way you can customize any character to fit your play style. Every character has their own cards and every card does something different. You can choose which you want to use to completely change the way you play a character.It's still in beta and they are working on some stuff but they pump out a new patch quite frequently and add new Champions often.All in all I recommend you try the game. (it's free afterall)  I've had a lot of fun with it and hopefully you can too!
,Recommended,444090,29832006,Posted: 10 February,all,Tscottlom,This is a great FPS team game. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a good online game to play.
76561197961722310,Recommended,444090,29846845,Posted: 11 February,all,⚭ KiMB0 -IWAL-,"Alot of people compare this to Overwatch and yes, it's alot similar to Overwatch. I like the fact that they added ways to make your hero selection and cards unique. It gives a better dept to the gameplay. One problem seems to be some heroes are very overpowered. Im also a little disappointed about the skins. They dont give a new look to the characters, they just change colors. People want more unique looks on each skin.+ Fun hero fight game+ The cards select (talents)+ Offensive, defensive, tool, heal- alignment for each hero+ Free- Skins- Graphics"
,Recommended,444090,26240879,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Kadeshi,"Bom jogo, sucessor de TF2."
76561198274319951,Recommended,444090,29451195,Posted: 23 January,all,sharkfinesse,"It's clearly based on overwatch, but it's free tho and still a blast to play, with great graphics. Can't go wrong with this game."
,Recommended,444090,29462842,Posted: 24 January,all,Cordio,I really liked this game. I have a lot of fun playing it.
76561198318890813,Recommended,444090,29733294,Posted: 5 February,all,Kylie,YEAH I HAVE A REVIEW WONT LET ME LAUNCH THE STUPID GAME
,Recommended,444090,29744504,Posted: 6 February,all,sevigi,Good...
,Recommended,444090,29434950,Posted: 22 January,all,Grenier Anima,"Pretty good, but I thought there was a bit more to the game."
,Recommended,444090,29615304,Posted: 31 January,all,InsideGamer24,if u dont have money for over watch this is the game to play
76561198349752319,Recommended,444090,29585398,Posted: 30 January,all,Jacksonmtf,REALLY GOOD GAME
,Not Recommended,444090,29588470,Posted: 30 January,all,RKO™,why i can't play?  can't find Hi-Rez installation. damn
,Recommended,444090,29595937,Posted: 30 January,all,J03L,"When you playing paladins and you hear ""GIVE YOUR KING A BIG HUG"" you know its time to bounce."
,Recommended,444090,29474156,Posted: 24 January,all,ItsyoboyD,An amazing alternative to Overwatch. Fun and addictive.
76561198332636537,Recommended,444090,25684821,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Gendut Nih,good game
,Recommended,444090,30200029,Posted: 26 February,all,matozuk,the best game!!!
76561198159252890,Recommended,444090,30200273,Posted: 26 February,all,BlueBerry,its really fun its like overwatch but overwatch is better
76561198128624167,Recommended,444090,30217488,Posted: 27 February,all,Karae,NICE
76561198064176528,Recommended,444090,30218030,Posted: 27 February,all,Ziga38,I like this game because it is very good as its menu music i like that song a lot.
76561198151798144,Recommended,444090,30245398,Posted: 28 February,all,57 Pixels,Its nice
,Not Recommended,444090,30072615,Posted: 20 February,all,Brentmeister,"This game does some things right but other things (most things) horribly horribly wrong.The characters are actually pretty neat and a varied appearence-wise. However, many occupy the same design space are just flat out poorly designed.They obviously have a lot of the same mechanics as everyone's favourite game Overwatch but they take that great design and water it down into bland characters.The meta-game systems are pretty bad. You get loot boxes that contain both cosmetic and gameplay upgrades. You can obviously opt in to get 25% more items from a loot box... for a fee.I see to really get competitive at this game you're going to need to dump significant time and money in to get the basic gameplay upgrades.Overall I expected better from Hi-Rez and am pretty disappointed in their latest venture here."
,Not Recommended,444090,30134392,Posted: 23 February,all,幽霊,Just started playing to switch things from Overwatch for a bit. Then OB44 came out and Hi-Rez's true colors are revealed. Don't waste your time or money on this game. Hi-Rez is going to kill it with greed just like they did with Tribes.
,Not Recommended,444090,30134631,Posted: 23 February,all,TEH BONE ZONE,"Since the newest update it is now a pay wall with anyone who got in first having a massive advantage over any newcomers...so right away its not looking good for paladins. Another poor choice is buffing the already overpowered and EXTREMLEY overpowered champions, while similtaniously nerfing the already weak and underpowered champions...so in my opinion, and clearley almost everyone else this game is not worth your time.  At least until they fix this latest ♥♥♥♥♥torm. Download it for yourself in its current state and see for yourself.I am extrmeley dissapointed in this update. I recently only just started playing it, and i was hooked instantly, even though i could see some obvious flaws, i still regarded this game is 'pretty decent'. I will not be returning to this game at least until it 'fixed' unfortunatley.ALSO WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ IS THE HIDE AND SEEK GAMEMODE? WHO SUGGESTED THIS? WHY WAS IT PUT IN? WHY IS IT SO HARD TO WIN? WHAT THE ACTUAL ♥♥♥♥? In conclusion...gamesux (at the moment at least) and the hide and seek gamemode is absolute trash (and trust me, im being generous when i say 'trash'). Experience it for yourself and have tonnes of fun flinging your keybpard across the room. If this game doesnt steal your money, youll be losing it replacing keyboards."
,Not Recommended,444090,30134793,Posted: 23 February,all,Largeth,"I would like to say that this game would be great if the developers did somthing about the aim hacks, wall hacks, ult hacks, skill hacks, bandwidth crashing hacks, and any other hacks i may have neglected to mention. I can't believe how many people use this stuff and its so easy to download and use (seriously just go look up this stuff on google, there are vids on this). If you report a player, nothing is done about it and even if somthing is done  the player will just make a new account for free and the cycle starts all over again cuz people can't play without trolling or using actual skill. good job developers, you created a monster. With the new update its now pretty much a pay to win game with opponents that hack so thats two crappy things against this game right now."
76561198042318117,Not Recommended,444090,30141222,Posted: 24 February,all,Zammy,"The game is still supposed to be at beta stage... Yet there are no effords to fix bugs and maybe sometime actually publish the game. Instead they keep adding new content that usually breaks the game.OB44 being a prime example. It was also a HUGE step towards p2w.Might have recomment this at one point, can't recommend it now. Not even when it's ""free"""
76561198033062780,Not Recommended,444090,30144985,Posted: 24 February,all,Wynand,"I'll keep it short. Patch 44 was a major revamp, that totally threw fun out the window. Balancing is completely off now, and good luck getting a competitive deck of cards if you are a new player, because you can no longer buy cards with gold, you need to make do with the RNG cards you get from lootboxes, unless you are prepared to fork out a tonne of $$ to get them all.Game is broken, go buy Overwatch, it's balanced, not beta, and it's a once off price, not pay2win rubbish where you end up paying a fortune if you'd want to unlock everything. Why do f2p game owners always have to get greedy halfway along the line?"
,Not Recommended,444090,30146560,Posted: 24 February,all,Necro,"Way, way to easy. I played my first 10 or so games, got top play every single time and died only a couple times each game. Also a ripoff of Overwatch. Graphics are not good."
76561198256746822,Not Recommended,444090,29991071,Posted: 17 February,all,gameban hellcase.com,Complete ripoff
76561198285017709,Recommended,444090,30129188,Posted: 23 February,all,Mortalitydx,"This game is tons of fun. Is it exactly like every other FPS game out there, but with a slightly different take on character skins? Yes of course it is.But it does add some cool unique elements.It isn't the most original thing out there, but it is a crap load of fun."
,Recommended,444090,29654150,Posted: 2 February,all,warlordneo,great game and the best of all its not a p2w all the players are equal and but only cosmetics need real moneyand like everyone says its a f2p overwatch
76561198141715822,Recommended,444090,30207987,Posted: 26 February,all,Baked Potaters,i love everything about this game except maeve. she is the cancer of this game
76561198105973599,Recommended,444090,30170981,Posted: 25 February,all,Sir Mr.Alpha-kun,Good game Bad server's
76561197996854149,Recommended,444090,29900256,Posted: 13 February,all,"Hey what's up guys, Scarce here.","actually people need to stop saying this is a rip off of overwatch, this game came out before overwatch and man the developers are awesome too."
,Recommended,444090,30062268,Posted: 20 February,all,✪Skillent farmskins.com,Overwatch Free Edition xd lol
,Recommended,444090,30040027,Posted: 19 February,all,a very dangerous kitten,I spent my entire paycheck on this game multiple times just for a pink unicorn and a cuddly makoa.10/10
,Recommended,444090,30193276,Posted: 26 February,all,HOWSDAT,a very good game and addictable mostly the concept of competative os awsome a good game for open beta
,Recommended,444090,29585890,Posted: 30 January,all,HypX,MANTAP SOUL LAHCOOL
,Recommended,444090,29697260,Posted: 4 February,all,「 DOMA 」,"""Paladins"" is a fun Free-To-Play FPS that pretty much anyone can be good at."
76561198076321025,Recommended,444090,30251111,Posted: 28 February,all,Moosewhale,I have played this game every single day since I started playing.Please do not send help.
,Recommended,444090,29764287,Posted: 7 February,all,TunaCorn,It's not Overwatch
76561198068137964,Recommended,444090,29652380,Posted: 2 February,all,™ MrTazZ,"Pretty funny , good, smoth ! Some unique stuff like the cards that makes ur build and playstyle to change acord ur choice!"
,Recommended,444090,30134148,Posted: 23 February,all,JFizzy,When you play this game as a bootleg version of Overwatch for friends who didn't want to buy the game on PC but became an addiction to them
76561198154053740,Recommended,444090,29911574,Posted: 13 February,all,Boogav,"This game is not only good, but it is life changing. The character design is unlike any other game I have ever played. In most games you will find over sexualized unrealistic characters. But if you take a look at Paladins, you have characters like Buck. Now, Buck has the greatest calves you will ever see on a man and i challenge you to find another character with better calves. His calves allow me to sleep well at night knowing that if anything bad would happen to me, Buck's calves would emerge from the shadows and save me from any other danger that might lurk in the darkest parts of my house. His godly calves allow him soar through the air with the force unmatched by any other mortal being, and stomp out anyone who stands in my way. He has sort of become my best friend and i can't go three hours without thinking of his calves. This has not only concerned my parents, but also my peers. I need Buck's calves to carry out my day normally. I have had to take 15 minute breaks in the middle of class just so I don't break down in tears. Over all, Paladins is pretty cool."
,Recommended,444090,29999646,Posted: 17 February,all,Geron,"People say it's just Overwatch for poor, or Overwatch ripoff... but then it's actually a different game when you play it. you can customize your character and it's playstyle by changing some of the loadouts (simillar with League of Legend's runes and masteries, but more impactful) and in Overwatch in my opinion, it's shooting and positioning, it's goes same with here; only difference is active skills in Paladins has heavier impact on the game; while in Overwatch most of the power comes from it's ultimate and aim. Paladins is pretty good game, very casual; has competetive side also. If you hate Paladins and itf you play it, you will hate it beacuse your mind already hates the game before you even play the game. Paladins and Overwatch even TF2 is just different game. Just like DoTA2 and LoL or HoN they might look the same but plays out very unlikely. It's just Apple and Orange. You cant compare them just by looking at it. Also Paladins is F2P it's fun game as much as Overwatch or TF2 is. Why not give it a go? I recommend this game to Everyone using Steam."
,Recommended,444090,29690259,Posted: 4 February,all,Atlas Freecs,"Even though people compare this game to Overwatch and call it a mock-up, Paladins have much different game mechanics, and offers different type of playstyle than Overwatch. Okay I can see why some people were furious about charachter designs and even some of the skills but leave all your stereotypes aside, and give this gem a shot."
,Recommended,444090,29534314,Posted: 27 January,all,_acegik,make inara's breasts bigger plz ty
76561198152982146,Recommended,444090,29985822,Posted: 17 February,all,|Samuel|♫,Nice Game!!!!
76561198358238418,Recommended,444090,30048208,Posted: 19 February,all,brownnutella,big boobs 11/10
,Recommended,444090,29831118,Posted: 10 February,all,76561198325676015,nice game loved it
,Recommended,444090,29831161,Posted: 10 February,all,GoodGameBoy,i think is a beautiful game! i like it!
,Recommended,444090,29880942,Posted: 12 February,all,Undead_Hunter,best free game
,Recommended,444090,29879677,Posted: 12 February,all,Nos the Merc,"Is the game fun?  Yes.  I prefer it to Overwatch based on game feel and the prevalence of more intricate choices.  The comparisons between the two games, although fair, are overblown and don’t apply anymore now that the devs are getting their♥♥♥♥♥♥together with character/kit design.  It's a cute little ability-shooter who's main flaws are shared by its genre more than the game itself (e.g. my personal hatred for cooldowns).  With that said, there is one major problem that need to be addressed:Once you get to a certain point, hackers are everywhere.  Hi-Rez needs to fix this problem before I put any money into this game.  There's no reason an aimbot should be this easy to run."
76561198029999764,Recommended,444090,30044250,Posted: 19 February,all,Violet Kitsune,"Tired of Ult's deciding 90% of every fight?Let me start off with I do own, and have played aLOTof Overwatch.Paladins is much more fun and rewarding, IMO, then Overwatch in some key ways which I will go into below.1:Paladins is not ALL about Ultimates and Ultimate Timing.Your shooting, sneakiness, and other abilities are much more important and play the major role in deciding which team will win an engagement. I think a lot of folks feel like I do, in that the Ultimates in Overwatch are TOO game defining and match decisive. Paladins' Ultimate abilities are a lot more in line with the rest of a characters abilities, and will give you a good boost, but won't Team Kill the other side with a single action.2: Paladins rewards intelligent play and alternative play stylesJUSTas much as Killer Aim and Flick Shot Mastery. Being a skilled harrasser/flanker can have a real effect on the opposing team, beyond just sending them to Respawn. Disorientation, Traps, and Misdirection are all here.3: Head shots and hit-box issues are no where near the problems they are in OW. Many heroes have some version of Healing, Stealth, Movement, or Area Denial. Used with guile they are fun and totally solid ways to help your team win.4: The Card System and Buy ups during games. These allow for some very different play styles and strategies, even from the same hero from game to game. It adds a lot of depth, mystery, and unpredictability to games..... ie.... FUN!Pros:- Truly Free to Play, and no Pay to Win. Most skins are decent, Overwatch has better graphics and skins/models.... But Paladins is pleasant on the eyes and a lot less loot box frustration to get what you want.- Intelligence and Tactics on much more equal footing with Shooting skill.- Card system is a lot of fun, and allows for some big differences in play styles within a hero.Cons:- A lack of really unique and fun skins..... but this is something easily added into the game in the future. Much better to have a solid game now!- No In-Game voice chat. Makes team talk more tricky..... but it also keeps folks from raging abuse on each other.- Chat box is inaccessbile as soon as game ends.... no way to tell your team Awesome Work, or ask about teaming up or adding friends. (You can try to add them blind from social screen, but its nicer to ask first.) Again, this also prevents a lot player abuse when your team loses, so another almost Pro, Con.tldr:If you have fun with Overwatch, but feel that the Ultimates are just TOO MUCH of a deciding  factor in a game, and wish your own skills made more of a difference..... give Paladins a try, you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,444090,29925080,Posted: 14 February,all,Happy Crasher,"Paladins, usually just stereo typed as a bootleg overwatch by everyone. Is actually really unique, the champions work very differently, for instance not every class can kill every class. People might say this is dumb or unbalanced, but really each type of charactor has a different job (unlike overwatch) you cant just destroy all the tanks as a support class, you really have to focus more on who you attack and when, it has much more fast paced strategy than overwatch and like 20 more champions. 10/10 would get 56/2 kdr again XD ive had so much fun with this game it has just overall been an awesome experience"
76561198275806232,Recommended,444090,29704929,Posted: 4 February,all,Tyku,So much fun.
,Recommended,444090,29944293,Posted: 15 February,all,MEME.DADDY,Free to play. Overwatch.+Nice Comic Graphic+Planty of Characters+TF2 Skin for Barik-Not too much playersBut overall Nice Game 9 - 1 for some bugs here and there/10 = 9/10
76561198073460963,Recommended,444090,29532646,Posted: 27 January,all,Mighty Morphin Flower Arranger,Ok just a few words... This is not a Overwatch clone it takes inspiration from it for sure but there are many differences you can buy things at the start of rounds and also you have different loadouts.
,Recommended,444090,29829767,Posted: 10 February,all,tak blen,good
76561198150859651,Recommended,444090,29472295,Posted: 24 January,all,Spongebob,"for beta? this game is hot af and really a really fun upgraded TF2, but also a downgrade to overwatch. BUT HEY, ITS FREE.i love the fact that playing on steam with Barik can get you the tf2 engy skin, its really cool. honestly i think they should do a way better job on skins, if they did i would legit buy them. but i checked the skins on all characters and saw they werent worth it.i rate this game 8/10its a really great team based game with different gamemodes and tons of heroes to choose from, take it from spongebob himself, this game is worth downloading!"
76561198112025023,Recommended,444090,29934182,Posted: 14 February,all,HhhhaPpy yowwwW,SUPAAAAA FUN GAME and pls. add a SAMURAI chapion !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,444090,29432545,Posted: 22 January,all,Rainbow Pony,!
,Recommended,444090,30248338,Posted: 28 February,all,Lucky,"Very fun game yet I can't get it to run, I know it is a clone from overwatch but that doesn't change the fact that it is a fun game. It must get it's stuff in orderand Taffu is a ( °-°)シ ミ★ ミ☆ ♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,444090,29889173,Posted: 12 February,all,Hendrick,Such an interesting game!
76561198233676464,Recommended,444090,29737710,Posted: 6 February,all,GreoN,This game is even better than Overwatch!!!
,Recommended,444090,29737376,Posted: 6 February,all,XE2A,i cant stop from playing this game...
76561198101013070,Recommended,444090,29892375,Posted: 12 February,all,asdf,Nice
76561198150715907,Recommended,444090,30021892,Posted: 18 February,all,geckoman242,Started playing it as a joke because of it's similarties with Overwatch but three months after I started playing they say the are adding an Aliens inspired skin 10/10 would play for joke again.
,Recommended,444090,29535537,Posted: 27 January,all,Vict0r csgonecro.com,In my opinion Paladins is a game with future.Hi-Rez often develop new stuff.I'd like to say Paladins' community is very friendly at all.There aren't many toxic guys.Average  casual and even competitive games are not long.You can easily play a game before you go somewhere.There are many champions you can  try and decide which do you like the most.You should try it if you have not tried yet. 10/10
76561198313343904,Recommended,444090,30142114,Posted: 24 February,all,XxShadow-walkerxX,my team: !&%@^%%#^&*$^%*(^(&*^&&*^*&^*@#*&^me (RUCKUS): SILENT!MAKOA: you are my best friend!me: !!!!me: wooohooo....DEFEAT
76561198096282590,Recommended,444090,29716496,Posted: 5 February,all,Beetle,Amazing F2P game.Basically a Free version of Overwatch.
76561198131393974,Recommended,444090,29715885,Posted: 5 February,all,GALAXY,good game
76561198296710094,Recommended,444090,29716513,Posted: 5 February,all,kat321t,fun and easy to play with friends
,Recommended,444090,29836063,Posted: 10 February,all,=Trident= Moox ☢,Look a bunch of people say this is poor mans paladins and well crap they're right it is and that's why I love its got nice graphics nice gameplay and even with a 200 ping it runs smoothly I have only started playing about 3 days ago and I'm hooked so this is why I recommend it to others.
76561198012104296,Recommended,444090,26041224,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Swordplayloner,I recommend the game... But it needs alot of work. Its far to much to be playable in the current form.
76561198131406831,Recommended,444090,29711109,Posted: 4 February,all,The Sandune Connoisseur,!!!NOT PAY TO WIN!!!
,Not Recommended,444090,29699404,Posted: 4 February,all,Raymond the Bastard,"Overwatch > Paladins, so what's the point in this game?"
76561198304197161,Recommended,444090,30114566,Posted: 23 February,all,│Æ│Taco,grat game lots of heros to pick and more every 2 months. i like the game its colourful and happy. So if you want overwatch but don't have themoney this game can be great for you.The only bad thing is that you need to coolect a certain amount of coins to get more heros and cosmetics.
76561198286906693,Recommended,444090,25693071,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,CallMeRavenKing,Very nice. I really enjoy playing it.
,Recommended,444090,29436788,Posted: 22 January,all,Dick Kickem,"Overwatch:""OMG don't pick that character he sucks, don't you know the meta? OH EM GEE how dare you want to have fun, this is serious business of life and death! It's not a game mang this is a competitive e-sport you guyz""Paladins:""You play Grohk?""""Yup"" """"Alright cool man"""
76561198208261039,Recommended,444090,29849843,Posted: 11 February,all,ghostrangerz,I love this game while it is very similar to overeatch in many ways i belive it does things better i fully recomend this game as it can provide hours of enjoyment.
,Recommended,444090,29694553,Posted: 4 February,all,Swgmaster11,I somehow do better with this games version of pharah then with real pharah
,Not Recommended,444090,30131146,Posted: 23 February,all,ratteeth,basicly overwatch  which is better just get that
76561198009302250,Not Recommended,444090,30131260,Posted: 23 February,all,Killer Gun,"17/06/2017Still some characters have useless ultimates and a part of them don't have that good normal skills.The competitive ranking system is bad. When I first started, each game changed my ranking for 100(either + or -, in case of win or lose, respectively) and now they change by 10. So, I have a champion with 4100 rating and to rank up(4500), I need 40 wins, minumum. Absurd...Also, having a ""global"" rating completely different then the best champions(therefore most used), doesn't reflect the actual skill of the player. Although, I confess I don't see a good solution here.Lastly, I have played competitive games where some of the players don't have champions of some of the types. This is stupid since 90% of the games, you make a team with at least 1 of each type(and also a great part of the other 10% is because they are noobs or newbies). Easily can be added another requirement to competitive games: not only 12 champions with at least mastery 4 and only champions with mastery 4, but also have 2 or 3 champions with that requirements of each type.24/02/2017Alright game. Some Things could be improved though, such as hit box, or some caracthers are only able to deal damage at very short distance, which is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t meaning you can only die with them, some caracthers have useless ultimates and their normal skills aren't that good(meaning caracthers could be better balanced). New update bringing new game mods seems interesting."
,Recommended,444090,30131678,Posted: 23 February,all,Banks,"Edit: Enjoyable game, I did not recomend the game before but that was just down to self naive-ness-ness"
,Recommended,444090,30164751,Posted: 25 February,all,Savitar,"Nice while playing with friends,boring after couple solo rounds,not recommended for people who get frustrated fast"
,Recommended,444090,29765612,Posted: 7 February,all,I-am-WolfWolf,"Fun game, free, pretty well balanced and a not-so-toxic community.Adding more characters, cards (abilities), customisation quite frequently but it is still in BETA.It seems they're listening and taking feedback consistantly from fans too.Work as a team using different roles and playing them effectively.Frontline - you're job is to stay on the point and hold the objective to your teams favour.Damage - Shoot the other team, focus mainly on opponents frontline and other damage class, stay near the objective to cover your frontline.Support - Heal your team but best to focus on Frontline or those on the objective.Flank - Cause chaos and take out the other team unsuspectingly, basically, make them mad to focus on you and not the objective.Sadly you'll find at times, your team may not have a clue how to play certain characters or their roles effectively and the mess up of certain roles and characters can let down the team. However, get a good team and co operate well, it can be a really fun way to play.CONCLUSIONBut all-in-all, its a really fun game but can occasionally have a letdown of your team not playing their roles effectively but i'd let that pass as this is still BETA and it's got new players coming in all the time. I'd say check it out, it's free and IT'S NOT PAY TO WIN."
76561198217428501,Recommended,444090,29927860,Posted: 14 February,all,Sieft,its like overwatch re skin re grapichs and re everything but still overwatch
,Not Recommended,444090,30137037,Posted: 24 February,all,Thantsor,"After patch 44 game became P2W. If you want to play on same playing field give at least 200 euro. Better to buy Overwatch at that point, much cheaper.And game was better to me before then Overwatch and I bought Legendary Founders Edition to support them. Gues it was not enough for them. RIP"
,Recommended,444090,29641247,Posted: 1 February,all,DeadlyMuffin,37 hours on this game.... It's still awsomeCharacters are Overwatch like. But the sound is not so nice. However the game is pretty fun. I recommend to play this game.
,Recommended,444090,29684012,Posted: 3 February,all,SMAK,"As a Paladins player since OB 40 i can tell you that this game was not as good as it is now, hi-rez did so many things i played this game when it first came out like the first week played  a little bit then got bored and now i've been playing for 2 weeks i definetly would recommend this game but it's not a perfect game but you have to at least give it a shot once.Oh And it's not an overwatch clone."
76561198186501402,Not Recommended,444090,29714959,Posted: 5 February,all,a dead blood cell,This game seems decent but I can't even ♥♥♥♥ing make an account!
76561198185886074,Recommended,444090,29571617,Posted: 29 January,all,Umka,"Hey, without your game, I'd never have discovered a rival game that I love! Thanks!- Love, D.Va <3"
,Recommended,444090,29566027,Posted: 29 January,all,MYH | GGJay,"PaladinsThe game is exstreamly fun to play werther you are a casuel player or like the more competative side of thingsthis game others it all .The game is no more then a year old from this review (29-01-17)And its competative side the e-sports side allready started to grab the attention of the world with two Lan events under its belt , Dreamhack Summer which was the founders Lan and now the recent HRX (Hirez invitational )The game is a cobination of team fortress 2 and moba like itemisation , being you have to buy Cards(items) at the begining of each round depending on your credits, (credits are the in game currency earned whilst playing the game to buy your items simiular to gold in most games)As a hole ive found my time in Paladins to be great fun and enjoyable and i would highly recommend this game to any one who is looking to sink there teeth in to a new e-sports title.GGJay"
76561198348819457,Recommended,444090,29918975,Posted: 14 February,all,Banana,people calling this an overwatch ripoff are total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ this was out before overwatch was a thingEDIT:Here is my vid if you want to see the game :https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8VZJXUh7KDoWell... it was out before it i mean the other thing i am not gonna explain
,Recommended,444090,29658413,Posted: 2 February,all,No lol,"Absolutely amazing game! Graphics are amazing, but one DISADVANTAGE is that it does not work with Razer Cortex"
,Recommended,444090,29406441,Posted: 21 January,all,TotalBS,"Fun, medium-paced fps with lots of minor tweaks to champions to make it right for your own playstyle. Definitely reccommended to friends already."
,Recommended,444090,30083759,Posted: 21 February,all,⎛⎝Bilbo⎠⎞,"Very good game, not pay2win!It is much more than just a free2play game.Recommended"
,Recommended,444090,29406212,Posted: 21 January,all,Gamdom.com A$AP Moon Rocks!,"Good game for early development, No it's not like OVerwatch, it has features Overwatch did not have so It is a fairly simple game and will be repepitive once you level up more, Overall needs work, no bugs but has good features, fun to play for hours!"
76561198355536619,Recommended,444090,29821338,Posted: 10 February,all,tsolakgamer,the best free to play
,Recommended,444090,30034200,Posted: 19 February,all,David,"★★★★☆Give it a try. It's free and it's worth your time.Overwatch did not interested me when I watched it at first time, but this one did.I'm not trying to say OW is not good, I was just not sure if this type of games are really worth $40-$60 as I am someone who has not played both FPS and MOBA games much.But Paladins is free and is on my most favorite gaming platform that I always have it running in the background when I turn on my PC. So I wasn't hesistating to try this one out.Turns out I actually like it. And I've started to think about playing other FPS games rotting in my library too.Thanks Hi-Rez!KEEP THIS IN MIND!You will be matched up a gainst AI bots until you reach player level 5.Only your teammates will be actual players, so consider this period as a part of the tutorial.Once you become level 5, which will not take that long, you can play up against other players.That's when it gets fun!"
,Recommended,444090,29772964,Posted: 7 February,all,♛♥aMiracle♥♛,"Amazing game!Its NOT a p2w game like how some people say it is, the ONLY igi you can get with real life currency are chest.. which are used to customize champions, get cards, get gold etc. All which u can get gold in game. Very easily.Runs like Overwatch.. but it has its own feel. Personally i like this way much more than overwatch. HOURS of fun. Easily."
,Recommended,444090,29689859,Posted: 4 February,all,Saff__,a very cheap and cheerful alternative to overwatch i meanthe game is still in early development which means everything about it will improve in the future . I like paladin because the heroes in this game dont have as much difference to eachother as ive played overwatch and i think some of the heroes in that are a bit overpowered. Game is really fun and i dont see any negative sides yet.
,Recommended,444090,29675021,Posted: 3 February,all,ClasslessCarrot,When Overwatch won't run on your laptop...
76561198279468712,Recommended,444090,29904089,Posted: 13 February,all,DarkMage the Disc Jockey,This was a great game sucks that I cant play anymore because EasyAntiCheat disconnects me every game.(Edit: Nvm I can play it now lol)
,Recommended,444090,29506153,Posted: 26 January,all,Eric Andre,love this one
,Recommended,444090,29506496,Posted: 26 January,all,Mk. ❤,It's like ovewatch. It is good.
,Recommended,444090,29505680,Posted: 26 January,all,Nine Eleven,AWESOME
,Recommended,444090,29902182,Posted: 13 February,all,Fyrekitten,"As much as people claim that this game is an Overwatch clone, I don't see how it's even compared. The game is different in almost every aspect. First of all, it's a card based game, so you can change yourself based off of the current situation. You also have card sets to fit your play-style. It may not have those ""future graphics"" that Overwatch players complain about, but it still looks good in it's own way. The game is very enjoyable and I think if you like TF2/Overwatch you should give it a try! This game is unique to it's own and it's a great time killer! :)"
,Recommended,444090,30159262,Posted: 24 February,all,Akaizon,love it play it now wot are you doing just do it...... ok its a good game but it will take you some time to get gud
76561198064419036,Recommended,444090,29751245,Posted: 6 February,all,iikat,"Great game, has the potential to be one of the best competitive games in the future ;)"
,Recommended,444090,30168305,Posted: 25 February,all,Frankie,"It is pretty good, a very nice rip-off of overwatch and i liked it. 8 out of 10!!"
,Recommended,444090,29826962,Posted: 10 February,all,multeN,Free with no pay to win features at all. One of the best free-to-play FPS games out there! Recommended for everybody!
76561198044075907,Recommended,444090,29921241,Posted: 14 February,all,Slagtank,"*DISCLAIMER: I have never played Overwatch, nor do I intend to, so I'll be judging Paladins solely as its own game*Pros+ It's free and defnitely not P2W+ It runs well on older machines+ In-game gold gain is very fast+ You can also earn gems to buy cosmetics with quests and daily log-in rewardsCons- Client is a little buggy, often getting kicked before the match or being unable to select a champ and getting a 'deserter' penalty for a few minutes.- PUG games can lead to unbalanced teams- Don't expect your average player to know how to playPaladins is fun, fast and plays much like a Moba where character picks/counter picks and a balanced team are more likely to lead to victory as you cannot switch characters mid-game a la TF2. Picking a support or tank character doesn't lock you into a specific role though. Some characters excel in different roles in the hands of a good player.Like a MOBA, some characters are often regarded as OP, typically because a team lacks a counter pick or understanding of the character, or the player is just very good. Also like a MOBA, most PUG players will ignore objectives completely in favour of a fight, though the community so far seems quite well mannered.Paladins currently has two currencies: gold and gems. Gold is earned from playing, and is spent on characters (currently 5000g to unlock), some cosmetics (some are gem-bought or unlocked in chests only), and loadout cards which improve champion abilities in a number of ways, typically by reducing cooldowns or adding benefits to that ability. Gems are bought with real money or earned slowly through promotions, log-in rewards and quests.After about a week of playing in the evenings, I've unlocked several characters, loadout cards and a few cosmetic items all through gameplay alone. You can buy a founders pack for about $20 that unlocks all champs, plus future releases, as well as giving you a few other items.I've encountered a few bugs, some minor like the texture setting defaulting to low every time I start a match or character loadouts not saving if I disconnect, but generally gameplay is smooth and consistent and haven't noticed any in-game lag or latency issues (aside from the disconnects).It's worth a few hours of anyone's time."
76561198003313259,Recommended,444090,30229947,Posted: 27 February,all,jockemon,"I've played a *lot* of overwatch and finally tested this... they're very different. Maybe it becomes different at higher levels but at low levels it's like a team-based shooter and more fps-like than overwatch... which is overwatch. Needs a shazbot voiceline and the ability to crouch.EDIT: after ~60 hours:the hitboxes are enormous in this game, making hitscan a lot easier to play than projectile heroes, the opposite compared to overwatch where hitboxes are very small. overall i feel there's a lack of content and depth because of the limited game modes and ease of playing hitscan, also the ladder doesn't hold the same prestige as more popular games like league of legends and overwatch."
,Recommended,444090,29794120,Posted: 8 February,all,Bakugo,"It's fun. Don't spend money on it, though."
,Recommended,444090,30170277,Posted: 25 February,all,DinoTopse,This game is epic. Many people have played or atleast heard of Overwatch. However not many people have heard of this. All the people I know prefer Paladins to Overwatch because of the Character diversity and the character in general. I love this game and recommend to anyone looking for a game to play.
,Recommended,444090,29935594,Posted: 14 February,all,VocaLoid,Not Overwatch ripoff10/10 would buy alt
76561198360443004,Recommended,444090,29936706,Posted: 14 February,all,kurnia_wp,"Very Addictive, good FPS"
,Recommended,444090,30130262,Posted: 23 February,all,Tricellatops,"I have so much love and for hate this game. And these are the reasons why:LOVES* Free to play. It leaves me more money to spend on Cosmetics because I just love to dazzle people with pretty pixels.* New characters and skins almost every fortnight now.* Lovely forum community.* NO VOICECHATS. Thank gods for that. I'm sick of getting sworn at by 12 year olds in various languages and them telling me they've ploughed my mother.* Easy introduction into the game for new players. Until you get to level 5, you are playing with bots. That way you get slowly eased into the game and learn the maps and how you handle your Champions until you are matched with real people.* Everything (apart from exclusive skins and boosters, which are useless anyway) can be unlocked with in-game currency and those things just drop so easily it's ridiculous. Character level up, get gold. Profile level up, get gold. Win a match, get gold. LOSE a match, get gold. Login, get gold.* Easy objectives. Capture the point, push the damn payload, win. Repeat.* Easy to understand roles. Tanks tank, healers heal. When Tanks start to flank, flanks start to try and be the tank and cap and healers start to play snipers, things get messy and it rarely ends well.* The developers actually listen and respond to feedback so much it's spooky.HATES* Getting blown out of the map by Bomb King's Poppy Bomb.* Maeve zipping off when you are so close to killing her.* Comparisons between OW and Paladins.* Complains about the Legendary cards and the Essence needed to buy them and other loadout cards. Trust me, no one needs all the cards. I played with the basic stock cards for a long time before I went and messed around and made a personal deck. I sucked so hard, I went back to the basic cards for some Champs. The same thing is happening with Legendary cards. Went and bought a few with Essence, hated them and went back to the free ones I was given.* Playing tank and realizing that my healer is busy trying to be a sniper and is not interested in healing anyone.12/10 will not challenge Makoa again."
76561198271785436,Recommended,444090,30124426,Posted: 23 February,all,dreamerz,nice game would recommend 100/10
76561198010952617,Not Recommended,444090,29884462,Posted: 12 February,all,Turto [LIK3 & SUBSCRIBE],"Communication with your team in this genre of gaming is essential, and this game has no VOIP and the chat panel is inconvenient and hidden most of the time.Would only recommend this game when they improve communication with your team."
,Recommended,444090,30176252,Posted: 25 February,all,_Acerbus Noir,"Hi, somewhat new player here. I think you should play Paladins because it's a fun, fast-paced, casual FPS that is a huge improvement on Overwatch. Yes, some similarities exists, but it's a pretty different game.Regarding PatchesThe FPS community has always been averse to change and the Palandins community is no exception. Unless it's a change that gives you something for free, there will be opposition and complaining. So, if you've never played Paladins before, please ignore the negative reviews regarding patch changes.Of the 17 hours I played, about 7 were before the infamous OB44 patch. So, as a somewhat new player, I can tell you that patch OB44makes no differencein terms of balance or game mechanics.Everyone gets 1 legendary automatically unlocked for every single characterYou get a decent amount of essence to start off with. Essence unlocks additional ability mods and legendaries.You get a chest every time you level up (main level).You get a chest for the first few characters levels.Making gold in game is pretty easy - I have purchased multiple chests, unlocked an additional character and unlocked a few legendaries - all without spending any real moneyPalandins is NOT pay2winLets make sure we know what ""Pay2win"" really meansPay2win means that you can use real money to purchase something you wouldn't otherwise be able to obtain (or is almost impossible to obtain) that gives you a significant advantage over other players.Some people think that because you can use real money to buy chests Paladins is now a pay2win game. It's true youcouldspend an egregious amount of money to buy enough chests that result in essence. However, the only advantage that gives you is if you're one of those people that has to unlock every single character mod.So in conclusion:Ignore the QQ and give Paladins a go"
76561198216184983,Recommended,444090,29970726,Posted: 16 February,all,TaviPro_FTW(WINFORTUNE.CO),Best game i ever played
,Recommended,444090,29466157,Posted: 24 January,all,Metal Sonic,"I’ll have two number 9s, a number 9 large, a number 6 with extra dip, a number 7, two number 45s, one with cheese, and a large soda."
,Recommended,444090,30245234,Posted: 28 February,all,Aleister Crowley,tem cavalos crl
,Recommended,444090,29771687,Posted: 7 February,all,[PBS] Sw4gBeard,Overwatch copied this game. Nuff said.
,Recommended,444090,30100248,Posted: 22 February,all,Raptor,OverWatch for Free 2 Plays
76561198063109227,Recommended,444090,30018880,Posted: 18 February,all,Elite.Rebel,ASDFASFASF
76561198166310829,Recommended,444090,29968697,Posted: 16 February,all,Mr. Pink,Poor man's Overwatch ...Hell yeah8/10
,Recommended,444090,29581596,Posted: 30 January,all,Alexi,>launches up>finishes tutorial>first game>uses that alien guy>41 killsyes I would play again
76561198312830384,Recommended,444090,29580521,Posted: 29 January,all,AJ Styles,best game than overwatch i think???
76561198267896628,Recommended,444090,29469423,Posted: 24 January,all,☜♛☞ShinO☜♛☞,Please fix the game... Always need to login... Always crush on loading.... And the thing i hate the crush make my pc need to restart the pc... Please... I lioe this game to much
76561198238755632,Recommended,444090,29974765,Posted: 16 February,all,Zariusful,"it's like overwatch, but free and have more bewbs"
76561198070656001,Recommended,444090,30127231,Posted: 23 February,all,PlebTheLongHair,Its fun
,Not Recommended,444090,29840252,Posted: 10 February,all,Lucnth,Been playin this for months.. i quit couple weeks ago because the server are flooded with hackers.. bought Overwatch and quite enjoy the game.. I came back here just to see what's up.. and go for ranked.. u know what i found? 3 hackers in 1 game.. uninstalled..
76561198315669875,Recommended,444090,29705963,Posted: 4 February,all,Russias Greatest Love Machine,you can literally get boat loads of fun out of a free game!10/10 will be playing again!
76561198028276816,Not Recommended,444090,29792869,Posted: 8 February,all,The Lost Warrior,"The game is fine, but there are problems I dont like about it such as terrible balance and very lazy map design (seriously why the ♥♥♥♥ does horses exist). Now my game wont launch at all, no matter what I do it refuses to launch. But this isnt the main reason I made this review, There are rumors of the stupid hi rez launcher having a trojan agent or something that steals information, That is ♥♥♥♥ing terrible, if that is the case, hi rez is deliberatly putting your personal safety at risk."
,Not Recommended,444090,29793861,Posted: 8 February,all,Muffins O Houlihan,"I used to enjoy this game, but after a couple of character releases, almost zero character rebalances, the game had become a lop sided mess with teams that usually consist of the same characters over and over."
,Recommended,444090,29475189,Posted: 24 January,all,Nil Value,Seems Legit.
76561198101677109,Not Recommended,444090,29797385,Posted: 9 February,all,Leungerz,"This is an overal good attempt on the Overwatch/Team Fortress style. Can't fault the game play or the customisation, it's really comprehensive. However, the community is absolute scum. Hacking is rife, and theres little to no way to get rid of them. I bought the founders pack, only to be dismayed at how many wallhackers and aimbot users there were. Completely nerfed my desire to play the game, might return in the future if the devs sort their anti cheat out, cause right now, its unenjoyable to play."
76561198007690719,Not Recommended,444090,29595467,Posted: 30 January,all,Ghengis Ron,"I saw some let's play of this game and was intrigued. I downloaded it and looked forward to giving it a shot. However, after an hour of trying to log in with my Google account and then trying to make an account with Hi-Rez I've given up. They gave me a random assortment of letters and number for a username, which I can't change, and an additional bad Scrabble hand for a password. I still can't get logged into their haphazard website or the launcher. Not worth the time, I don't recommend even trying."
,Not Recommended,444090,29830347,Posted: 10 February,all,A Chair,"""Hey dad can you buy me overwatch?""""NO SON YE GOT TOO MANY GOTDAM GAMES YE LITTLE♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;""okay"""
,Recommended,444090,29700172,Posted: 4 February,all,i need healing(genjo),good game it is like overwatch so much but ofc it is free to play and the only purchaseable thing in the game is some skins and things that dont affect the justice of players powers
,Recommended,444090,29814554,Posted: 9 February,all,Veetus.tv,Haters gonna hate.  People gonna say this is a rip-off of OW.Well you know what? It might be.  But who cares? It's still fun.  Shouldn't that count for this review in me giving it a thumbs up?I think so.#GetTricked
76561198140058971,Recommended,444090,29832445,Posted: 10 February,all,Frank,Love this game.
,Recommended,444090,29619565,Posted: 31 January,all,Samo Potatosi,"To adress the elephant in the room - it looks and somewhat feels like Overwatch.It's a good game. Colourful and pretty with some deep and interesting mechanics. They looked at Overwatch's book and said ""How can we make this cheaply?"" So they removed hero-swapping and added some interesting mechanics of their own, if only to fill in gaps that occured due to this game trying to... well, to be Overwatch. And it does somewhat feel cheap.Has anyone said ""Hi-Rez is a cheaper version of Blizzard"" yet?So if you have the 40 Gold Pieces - buy that other game that I mentioned above."
,Not Recommended,444090,29424834,Posted: 22 January,all,Mirealith,"Short honest review from an Overwatch playerIf you were hoping for a free Overwatch alternative this is definitely not it - The characters and so on are pretty much copies of the ones from Overwatch, but the similarities end here.The gameplay is literally boring and not skillbased at all, it feels like just running around shooting bots in a singleplayer game, and I don't even play competitively in other games.As for graphics, they look extremely basic and boring, looks like a game from 2010, animations are not a strong point either."
,Not Recommended,444090,30131153,Posted: 23 February,all,CelticFyre,"The rise and fall of a great game. I hopped on Paladins the day it released and liked it so much I even bought the founder's pack. I've watched the game grow and become better and better only to watch OB44 ruin it completely. With this game I had no reason to ever buy Overwatch, but now with this money-grubbing patch, I no longer wish to be a part of this game's community. It's sad to see games turn to this tactic, but comes as no surprise due to it's ""free-to-play"" nature. It was a good run, Hi-Rez."
,Not Recommended,444090,29443215,Posted: 23 January,all,ＣｈｅｅｓｅＭａｎ,Chinese knock off bootleg overwatch
76561198349490566,Not Recommended,444090,29501592,Posted: 26 January,all,Arxc,wtf missing file previlleges
,Not Recommended,444090,30131925,Posted: 23 February,all,BANNED,This game was a contender for OW but Hi-Rez just turned this game into a p2w game with OB44 patch.I rather spent my money on getting OW.Goodbye it's been a blast
76561198014898537,Not Recommended,444090,30132413,Posted: 23 February,all,"SHAKEN, NOT STIRRED",Loved the game. It was everything I wanted in a moba shooter.Until OB44. :/
,Not Recommended,444090,30132187,Posted: 23 February,all,I'm Just Chillin,The devs said f**k the player with the new ob44 patch.So well the player needs to say f**k you back
,Not Recommended,444090,30114774,Posted: 23 February,all,Vic Vinegar,Barik best character 0/10 gtfo
76561198278058579,Not Recommended,444090,29435433,Posted: 22 January,all,Redman3415,this game sucks balls i cant even play with my really good internet and the people working on this has not saved it. This is what it say when loading in waiting to connect 2.23 MB left. and have have done so much for it and it still ♥♥♥♥ing say that bull♥♥♥♥♥♥ i have left it on for two weeks and still no connetion to the sever fix that♥♥♥♥♥♥you ♥♥♥♥ing fools.
,Not Recommended,444090,28702165,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Xefolyn,"TL;DR = Download it, Try it, nothing but your time to lose. It isn't very good.Just Invest in overwatchJUSTIFICATION: The game is good, but it isn't nearly as good as it's made out to be, and falls way behind it's competetors. Right off the bat, the game is way too leniant, it's incredibly easy to do well. The game gives too much power to skilled players and not enough consistency to lesser skilled players. What this creates is games where 1 person would roll over the entire enemy team, (as what I did in my first few hours against players) Every game was like versing bots. I would Play supports and 1 hit the entire enemy team. The game just isn't balanced and unless you are skilled in this sort of game, i doubt it would be very enjoyable.But I tried to be as objective as possible going into this game and to be honest it's still a good game, I had a fairly good time playing. But frankly It's below a 5/10 for me and I can't recommend something I wouldn't invest time into myself. After a few hours I've played every hero (which the skill cap for each is rediculously low) and haven't found anything slightly rewarding and thus I got bored pretty quickly.OVERWATCH: The game is a straight up worse version of Overwatch, there is no argument and no one denies this. The only reason I would recommend this is because it is free. It's clunky, unpolished and feels incredibly lackluster, (in comparison to it's competetors, early access is no excuse) The blatant copying is a thing, play the two and you will see it. I simply can't respect something which is built off the foundations of something else.Please keep in mind I'm not being biased towards Overwatch, I was actually hoping I wouldn't be disappointed and the hate was misdirected."
,Not Recommended,444090,29503060,Posted: 26 January,all,May Monster <3,its a fun little game i would have recommend it but with all the hackers i wouldent now
,Not Recommended,444090,29496540,Posted: 25 January,all,Enforcer,"I spent the whole time trying to create an account, never even seen gameplay. This whole 3rd party account thing is getting stupid."
76561198074190596,Not Recommended,444090,29511360,Posted: 26 January,all,trueGODTHUMB,"This game has a HUGE  problem with loading up its a lot of fun when it does but mostly this game needs to be fixed. AND for some reason they didnt fix the problem but continue to add characters and updating damage output and stuff, the overall priorities are buttcheeks."
76561198014937238,Not Recommended,444090,30132266,Posted: 23 February,all,Nije Aragon,OB44
,Recommended,444090,29475205,Posted: 24 January,all,Wild Wild Smiff: The Squeakquel,Totally Not Overwatch
,Not Recommended,444090,29873244,Posted: 12 February,all,Kessier,"Wont let me use my current steam username just because ""it's inappropriate"".never touched this game ever since."
,Recommended,444090,29875903,Posted: 12 February,all,jc,Overwatch doesn't run. This is fine.#PoorAndProud
76561198101814138,Recommended,444090,30163686,Posted: 25 February,all,Greoplyn,"paladins is a great game and its fun to play, BUT there is one thing that i would like to have... a melee button. i think that it really needs one.i'll give the game 9/10"
76561198099614589,Recommended,444090,30163623,Posted: 25 February,all,ALVAH,♥♥♥♥♥♥AMAZING GAME
,Recommended,444090,29400847,Posted: 21 January,all,Yung Kiki,umm i like this game you kmow why cuz my cuck is big nig hanks  heheheheh bye imgoimg to drink bleach
76561198052914441,Not Recommended,444090,29500759,Posted: 26 January,all,allencoghill,One of the funnest games I've played in a while and my system has more than enough to run it. Bad thing is it is unplayable with the sound stuttering/issues. They are bad enough to give you a migrane after 1 or 2 matches. I can't recommend this until they fix this issue as it pretty much ruins the whole game. It also seems to happen to a lot of people and been going on for months with no fix from what I've read the last few days.
,Not Recommended,444090,30046837,Posted: 19 February,all,Vengefulphantom,"-installs a service on your computer that allows the anti-cheat creators See what your doing which is basically privacy invasion.- in game que it makes us fight bots without letting us know that we are fighting bots.- Gives the bots an unfair better aimbot depending on your skill.- The game dosent have any cool events for example: halloween,christmas,new years events. Its always the normal boring version.- most charcter abilities look a like from overwatch ( I understand that the beta of this game came before overwatch's beta).- 1/3 chances you end up fighting an aimbot user.- Anti-cheat is the weakest thing since a piece of paper.- overall its a team game that is not very focused by its developers.- most kids on your team are trash and cant play viktor at all.- Gives you cards so give some kid that's a pro with the correct op cards with an unbalanced charcter an very very unfair advantage. basically league of legends of how you can buy runes to give you an unfair advantage at start ( totally not stolen from game theory xdddd)Thats my very very very very very honest review on this garbo"
76561198092098027,Not Recommended,444090,25864211,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,CosineJoe,"i really want to like it but as a player who likes being a tank and support role in multipule games. (overwatch, league of leagends, world of warcraft and Smash+grab) there really is no point i tried to find something for this game for me to like game play wise its not there for me.  Visually appealing? sure. Copy of other games? No.I will try it again later in a month or something for things to get better. But right now, this game isn't for me.P.S. if your argument of ""its a copy of overwatch"" just remember Team fortress 2 came out before overwatch."
,Recommended,444090,29874651,Posted: 12 February,all,Insane Soul,really good
76561198305574397,Not Recommended,444090,30210810,Posted: 26 February,all,ItsKodi,"I'm gonna keep it to TL;DR.You should not play this game to completely customize all your champions and use all of the fun concepts in the game until grinding out about 100 hours or 50 bucks. I love this game. But all of the changes and the outcry by practically everyone in the community and the forums (I reccommend visiting it to hear more in depth persepective about the problems of the game) to the devs about possibly the worst possible patch since it entered open beta (Ob 44), when I joined. If you want even a sliver of choice in your customizability & card choices, you'll have to slave away at the random chests giving you cards of different rarities, and if you want to specifically choose cards to suit your playstyle, well you're fudged too. The essence system will have you grinding out match after match just trying to unlock cards to play the champions like you want to. Don't even get me started on the competetive system, the win to get 30 points and lose to lose 100. I can't even play the game now due to a bug I've reported several times to the devs and the forums which shows me how truly devoted they are to the polish of the game in this point in time. This game is merely an infant, and there will be many fixes and updates and champions to come. But it is not going to be fun right now, or until they get their heads on and make the game fun and playable, get back in line Hi-Rez and start listening to the community. This is my backlash. Fix the essence system. Fix the bugs. There is an unbelievable grind wall to the new players who started just like me, so long ago. But if I found out about this game when this mess came out, you'd be living up to all the trash people have been saying about this game. Just another Overwatch rip-off out to steal your money or grind your soul away. I'm sorry. I cannot reccommend this game in its current state. I've unlocked all the champions on my own, all the legendary cards. But it simply isnt fun. Not until the game is more polished and the community is satisfied. I will come back. But for now, you have lost a consumer, and everyone else who have read my post."
76561198074065718,Not Recommended,444090,30155745,Posted: 24 February,all,Durin,"The problems with this game mainly stem from the Fee Too Pay grind that comes with not having an upfront cost. Overwatch has better balance and the game can't be effected by things u buy, but Paladins has things u can buy that effect the game. Paladins < Overwatch"
76561198264337861,Recommended,444090,29721368,Posted: 5 February,all,✪ EvolySky,"Sick game! A free version of overwatch! Dont spend ur $$$ on overwatch, play Paladins :)"
,Not Recommended,444090,29639162,Posted: 1 February,all,Tajealos,"If I could get more than half a frame a second, that'd be great, thanks Hi-Rez :3I really feel bad about posting a negative review, the game's probably good, but I can't really say, I was too busy watching a slideshow.I would recommend skipping this if you have a low-end, sh*tty laptop like mine.Even on the lowest settings, I still got next to no frames as soon as an enemy appeared around a corner.It even got so bad that my audio started lagging...My AUDIO... startedLAGGING...Not cutting out, not skipping, itLAGGED.I didn't even know that was possible.But yeah, if you have an average / above average PC, it's probably worth trying out, it is free after all.For those of us who don't? Well... give it a skip...If / when I get a better laptop, I'll give it another go and post a more... accurate and helpful response..."
76561198192972014,Not Recommended,444090,30115482,Posted: 23 February,all,pichayutpicsuit,the worse update in the history wow -clap-
,Recommended,444090,29913883,Posted: 13 February,all,savepak,"overwatch cheap clone?i play overwatch before,,but after i play this game, i never play overwatch ever again..cheap? maybe,,in fact,,it is freeclone? well,,maybe you should try playing first"
,Not Recommended,444090,30129817,Posted: 23 February,all,Xahle25,Ob 44 Who thought that grinding was a good idea for a game like this?
,Not Recommended,444090,29456101,Posted: 23 January,all,Nex Votum加油,"Everytime I've played this game, I've ran into a cheater every couple of matches. Really unfortunate for how fun it can be."
,Recommended,444090,29689539,Posted: 4 February,all,Kuuukimon,"This game is so awesome... It's still in the beta and I can say all the best. Developers working so hard to improve game and I'm really excited for the new patch OB43. This game really has potential, thumbs up for Hi-Rez team!"
,Recommended,444090,29930372,Posted: 14 February,all,bananmos03,It's good
,Not Recommended,444090,29625454,Posted: 1 February,all,MixXL™,It was nice once..... :(
,Not Recommended,444090,29556069,Posted: 28 January,all,My name is Jeff,my internet lag so i cant choose champions when in casual but i got deserter. noob game
,Not Recommended,444090,30119512,Posted: 23 February,all,shanti,"This game was amazing! It used to be a very worthwhile alternative to Overwatch, TF2 and similar games..unfortunately, with the recent patch, the game has become a worthless alternative to Hearthstone.Stay away for the time being."
,Not Recommended,444090,30119526,Posted: 23 February,all,Mr.Opeczech,No
76561198293516686,Not Recommended,444090,30119602,Posted: 23 February,all,gamer (9090),y cannot start the game
,Not Recommended,444090,30120917,Posted: 23 February,all,Im Baman,OB44Now i feel how the tribes ascent community felt. i guess at least.
76561198004883909,Not Recommended,444090,30124236,Posted: 23 February,all,Ser Mustashio,"With recent update Paladins is pretty much pay to win. Even with  thousands of hours of playtime, you cannot unlock core mechanics to compete on even base with everyone."
,Recommended,444090,29566683,Posted: 29 January,all,Annie Phantom,"Well, Paladins.It is a good game, but it needs more time until you can call it awesome or as good as Overwatch.Pros:- Good Champions;Although some are pretty much ripped off from Overwatch and Team Fortress 2, Paladins has some charismatic and awesome champions whose appearances, voices, skills and personalities might conquer you.- Balanced;Paladins is actually pretty balanced for a game like this, every champion is fairly easy to play.There is no such thing as a Tier list or META, every champion is viable, pick your favorite..or Pip, Pip is awesome- Playing With Friends;Playing Paladins with friends is very fun and can lead to some awesome moments that can be remembered for a while.Unlike League of Legends, for example, Paladins doesn't limit you to your own region, in fact, you can change regions to play with your friends with 2 clicks of a button, no need to spend money on the game if you want to play with that friend of yours from EU (Hmu Senna)Cons:- Competitive;Competive mode and the E-sports competitive scenario in general both NEED more attention from Hi-Rez.Ranked games, as you may call it, take too long to find and don't have enough players. Maybe it's because it takes so long for you to reach maestry level 4 on 12 different champions to finally be able to play it, or just because the majority of players would rather play casual instead.- Grinding;You have to unlock the champions by buying them with gold, to get gold, you have to play the game. Doesn't sound bad, right? Well, it doesn't take long to get gold in the game, but it's still something that I dislike. Why do games like this even choose to have characters you have to pay for? Do like Overwatch and TF2 and just give them all for free.Also, there are these things called loadouts in the game, which is like a mastery tree, but you need to buy the cards using gold.I've heard that Hi-Rez is going to change that loadout system soon, hopefully they will fix that whole grinding problem.- Not Enough Champions (Yet);There aren't that many champions in the game, I know that Hi-Rez is giving their hardest to release new champions all the time, but as of now, there still aren't that many for a competitive point of view.- Still in Beta;There are still many updates to come, perhaps you should wait until the game is fully released before playing it a lot.Paladins is going to become a really great game in the future, that if Hi-Rez doesn't screw up, which hopefully they will not. Give it a try, play with friends and play Pip, but don't go too harsh on the game, again, it's still being developed and in beta."
,Recommended,444090,29572974,Posted: 29 January,all,Namjoon Olle,OMG i just got play of the game*Oops i mean top play*with torbjorn*i mean barik*and i killed  reinhardt*uh i mean fernando*and also soldier76*I MEAN UUUH VIKTOR*
,Recommended,444090,30092836,Posted: 21 February,all,CLYDE FROG,"Way better than overwatch, overwatch is gay"
76561198244729474,Not Recommended,444090,30131688,Posted: 23 February,all,pseudotwin2,Whoever progammed the difficulty of pve needs to be ♥♥♥♥ing shot. Thumbs down on that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
,Not Recommended,444090,29564705,Posted: 29 January,all,pAter,No.No.No.Pick up Overwatch on sale if it's your budget you're watching.
76561198345402034,Not Recommended,444090,29796438,Posted: 8 February,all,Ferris Argyle,"At the very best, this game is a shameless overwatch knock-off, and that is the best this game has to offer.The playing stye was nothing new, the characters were boring (with exception to that furry thing), and all around the game felt sluggish and painstakingly repetitive, even for a team based FPS.If you're looking for a cheap alternative to overwatch, you've come to the right place. If you want a real team based first person shooter, get yourself Team Fortress 2 or Counter-strike."
,Not Recommended,444090,29866302,Posted: 11 February,all,Neva Masquerade,fix the ♥♥♥♥ing server
76561198282894422,Not Recommended,444090,29434897,Posted: 22 January,all,DarkSouls,copy of overwatch
76561198120761648,Not Recommended,444090,29885393,Posted: 12 February,all,Sum-Ting,"Not much needed to say about this game, The game gets way too boring after 30 mins of playing, complete copy of overwatch (Thats why i call this game Overwatch Poor people edition) and the only people who play this game are 6 year olds #cringegame"
,Recommended,444090,29889528,Posted: 12 February,all,Rod1z,Paladins > Overwatch
76561198080249296,Not Recommended,444090,29655027,Posted: 2 February,all,5k average=cancer,dogshit game THE QUEUE IS NOT OPEN AT THIS TIME every fk night
76561198035801904,Not Recommended,444090,29955502,Posted: 15 February,all,Red_Zephyr,49 minutes of the game I know its not enough game time to review it but what the heck?So I downloaded the game hoping it would be as good as Overwatch (because it looked so alike) but I was very disapointed. I found that some of the characters were more powerful than others so if you had one of the more powerful characters on your team you would most likely win. another thing with the powerful characters is you get kills way to easy (all characters are pretty easy to kill though) it can really make battles unfair.The maps were very disapointing because they were so tiny! In one game mode if you can reach the cargo point and kill the enemy team you have won because it becomes impossible to get killed and you reach the cargo drop point in such short time because of the tiny maps that i mentioned earlier.The characters must be unlocked though you do get a couple starters. I cannot find out how to unlock other characters which is rather frustrating. You can get different clothing unlocks for different characters although they are all the same just in different colours so there is no real variation making the characters look boring. You are unable to change characters during a battle which is a bit annoying if your testing out a new character and you dont end up liking them.This game had a long download and i had to make a stupid account for they devs which i didnt like. It is annoying to go play game then sign in then wait longer to actually play the game. the game was advertised in a very good looking way but it has turned out to be very disapointing.I know Im being harsh to a game that is in beta testing and I know it will get better but at this time i honestly dont think its worth downloading at the moment. maybe in a year or so it will be developed enough to be enjoyable. Who knows?But as I said before its just now worth it right now.
,Not Recommended,444090,29715813,Posted: 5 February,all,NimbusGaming™,This Game is just another RIP off of Overwatch with minor changes. I wouldn't recommend it cause I feel it's quite bad also. If you can't afford OVERWATCH then go ahead and play.
76561198096934358,Not Recommended,444090,30114205,Posted: 22 February,all,Chaos,"I am very new to this game I started playing just before Patch OB 44 and can I say this game was excellent and a viable Moba/shooter all on its own. Sure some comparisons could be drawn between other brawler fps's but Paladins was its own game it was a fun F2P.However. After patch OB 44 this game became P2W and drastically different. To put it simply if you are interested in this game for its only core attribute pvp - you will be sorely displeased. In order to be on an equal playing field to other players both legendaries and card's for each indivdual hero have to be bought. Heroe's are easy enough to get but now on top of that you will have to chase the new currency that drops from an RNG lootbox system to purchase core gameplay functions to each hero. Good luck, I don't expect any new players to come to this game - it will take you many hours no doubt to get access to one hero's entire potential kit - let alone the entire hero roster."
,Not Recommended,444090,30113056,Posted: 22 February,all,ThePersonOfNothing,"I would've written a good review for this game, if the new update wasn't completely TRASH. I'm not going into detail, but many characetrs are trash now thanks to this update, including my mains. And don't get me started on Barik missing.If you are interested in this game, I recomend waiting and watching for updates, because the only way I'm playing this again, is if they delete this new update, like, completely. Not even joking here."
,Recommended,444090,29513798,Posted: 26 January,all,Son Of Sam,>A Decent game>overwatch is better
,Not Recommended,444090,29854628,Posted: 11 February,all,crowyo,"skye has jiggle physics but ying doesnt? come on hi rez, do better"
,Not Recommended,444090,29412554,Posted: 21 January,all,JUNGᴶᴷJUNG,NO.
,Not Recommended,444090,29516605,Posted: 26 January,all,Newleaf,this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Regardless the patch update crash problem still exist. How can we enjoy the gameplay while keep on crashing on the game.
,Not Recommended,444090,29679146,Posted: 3 February,all,CoNeX',This game is worst i have ever seen.
76561198158237725,Not Recommended,444090,30120196,Posted: 23 February,all,Zepar the Sinful,"There are no health packs, there are no damage indicators so you have no idea how many people are shooting at you and from where, when playing the game you're focusing on the screen and not your health bar, but their is no visual or audio queue that you are low on health, just one moment you're alive the next you're dead. The only way to heal yourself is with the perks at the beginning of the game, but they only take affect when you are out of combat, so the only way to even survive is to leave combat half the game. The game is sloppily made at best, and a disaster at worst"
,Not Recommended,444090,30121525,Posted: 23 February,all,Lt. Col. Problem,"OB44 completely destroyed the game's balance and appeal to new players, and the developer's attitude regarding the criticism is absolutely atrocious."
,Not Recommended,444090,30177147,Posted: 25 February,all,PinkAbuuna - A Snapshot of Life,The essence system was/is unbalanced for new players and doesn't give any help.They allowed a buggy unfinished mess to the live servers.I enjoy this game but cannot reccomend it for now.
,Recommended,444090,30165203,Posted: 25 February,all,Sora IV,Basicly a free version of Overwatch
,Not Recommended,444090,30058371,Posted: 20 February,all,SP00KY soviet doggo,Just buy Overwatch.
,Not Recommended,444090,29492533,Posted: 25 January,all,brettfromboca,"Would I recommend this game? With 94 hours played? no. No I would not.The Pro's:It's free.Pretty short list, right? that's because everything else about this game is mediocre at best.The Cons:Teams are unbalanced.The ranking system is antiquated.The competitive mode lacks a pool depths for heroes.70% of your teammates will NOT speak English."
76561198268190971,Not Recommended,444090,29954732,Posted: 15 February,all,[MERK]Stick_b0uncer,"People are salty as ♥♥♥♥ in this game. And hacker are everywhere, don't play this game until they make an anti-cheat that works."
76561197994370273,Not Recommended,444090,29445644,Posted: 23 January,all,Darklord Demise,Fun game except one flaw. The anti-cheat sucks. i played a good 15+ matches and let me tell you that you should have to expect a minimal of 4 Aimbotters on the enemy team every game. this is not a joke.. though it doesnt mean they will always win it makes the games longer then they should be and more anoying to deal with.This game has potential..That being said i do not reccomend this game in its current state and the anti cheat needs to be Terribly improved.
,Not Recommended,444090,29418392,Posted: 22 January,all,Jayden,"GREETINGS PALADINS PLAYERS.Number 1. SUPPORT STAFF do not and WILL not care about you or your problems.Number 2. If you can't afford overwatch, probably get this. But then and again, maybe not.Game is reasonably optimised, unlike Mr support Howard.If you have bad internet, don't get this game, or you will be banned. (Talking to you support Howard)If you try to consult support, you will be told to get better internet! LOL. (Talking to you support HOWARD)If you don't pick a character in time and lag out, BANNED.LIKE WTF, ID RATHER PLAY MINESWEEPER*True story, happened to my friend Wolv-Rex and DogeHAD potential, HAD."
76561198150124079,Not Recommended,444090,30113330,Posted: 22 February,all,BigPaPaSmith,"Paladins OB44 Patch!! The new Free to Pay Game!! ""ur better off buying that Other game"" than grinding in here! Good Job!"
,Not Recommended,444090,30155442,Posted: 24 February,all,Metzkermeister,P2W since OB44
,Not Recommended,444090,30158965,Posted: 24 February,all,a really bad player,"I spent about $50 bucks on this game between the Founders Packs and skins. After a handful of updates it's just no longer fun.The devs clearly don't care their game is going down the drain, because one of them said Reddit is ""just a bunch of whiners"""
,Not Recommended,444090,30171134,Posted: 25 February,all,pSnowy,Way too grindy. It's a shooter not an MMO.
,Not Recommended,444090,30177635,Posted: 25 February,all,Pierceus,"This game started out with good intentions, but now it is slowly turning p2w just like all of Hi-rez's other games. Don't waste your time or money, this game will be dead within a year because of the latest patch."
76561198034421362,Not Recommended,444090,29565445,Posted: 29 January,all,Thundarkhat,"The matchmaking system in this game was designed by a 3 year old.It runs fairly well, meaning, it is stable at times. When it is not, you get deserter for the game crashing.Each patch and introdction of new hero, highlights how poor the balance really is.If you're looking for a competitive, team based hero shooter. Stay very far away. Between a very poorly designed matchmaking and rank system, and just terrible hero balance, this game punishes those who are forced offline by the games own servers."
76561198054831292,Not Recommended,444090,30157755,Posted: 24 February,all,markers,Overwatch isn't p2w.
,Not Recommended,444090,29546813,Posted: 28 January,all,The Soldier in Vietnam,"I really like Paladins, been playing it for a while.But then the game keep ""Shut down"" my computer all of the sudden, i google it to see what is the problem, i think this is a new problem or something since i don't have this issue before. Now i can't even play the game anymore.I give up, i will go play something else from now, i will wait until they fix it.With these issue i can't really recommend this game. If anybody can actually help me then i would like to say thank."
,Not Recommended,444090,30059874,Posted: 20 February,all,MOR BALATEN,Pros:-Jiggle physics-Bomb kingCons:-Everything else
,Recommended,444090,29749522,Posted: 6 February,all,Dolan Da SmexyDuk Patatoe,Wanna experience Overwatch but no money to buy the game? Play Paladins! Best Overwatch-like game ever~? I guess... 10/10 same character skills but different looks and name!10/10 can upgrade stuffs ingame! Overwatch doesn't have that~10/10 has a freakin horse to ride at the start of every match! (Even when you respawn) Overwatch doesn't have that~10/10 dunno. Basically it's like overwatch.10/10 i'll never play it again! :steamsalty:
,Not Recommended,444090,29981745,Posted: 17 February,all,Cat,overwatch is better
,Not Recommended,444090,29726623,Posted: 5 February,all,Soren Verdict,"tl;dr F2P rip off of Overwatch filled with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ children too poor to buy Overwatch and too terrible at aiming to play TF2.A TF2 and Overwatch ClonePaladins was, just like Overwatch, going to be a TF2 clone. Later, when Overwatch was announced by Blizzard, Hi-Rez decided to step up their game by switching from an TF2 clone to an Overwatch clone. Don't believe me? Virtually all Paladins heroes after the announcements were changed or made to be mashups of Overwatch heroes.The developers have tried to defend with screenshots dating before the announcement of Overwatch claiming that some of their heroes were copied from TF2, not Overwatch. Note this only covers a fraction of their roster (like 4 heroes). Look here for a comparison:(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J2gBkqP4V9Y)For example, at the time of this review being written, Hi-Rez has launched a new hero; a ghastly abomination of Zarya and Symmetra. Of course, one thing they decided not to copy was the level of skill required to play Zarya which leads me on to the next section of this review.A Game for Bad PlayersTF2, despite being F2P and having a massive community of Gibus players is still a pretty high skill game. Whilst I may highly criticise decisions made by Valve in the last few updates regarding the crippling of community servers and the buffing of certain low skill item sets, the game is still really fun and is played by actually good people.Now we turn our heads to Paladins, a game littered with the sort of children you'd find in the >100 SR spectrum of Overwatch. These people can not aim, they're too young to use their mics and so are uncoordinated as ♥♥♥♥ and have an inabillity to make any decent decisions when it comes to team composition. These are the people who were either pushed off of TF2 because of it being ""too hard"" or couldn't afford Overwatch since they're pocket money isn't enough since they haven't started to go to big boy school yet.To counter this problem Hi-Rez made every single character incredibly overpowered. Weapon spread? That's bad, removed! Support being healers and not DPS? Ridiculous! Every character should have pin point accuracy and massive damage to make up for our playerbases' inabillity to aim! A funny look at how ♥♥♥♥ing easy Paladins is to play, even against other PCs:(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yvAl-AZ3CJk)A Game that isn't built for CompetitiveThere's a pretty big reason why Overwatch and TF2 have a massive competitive scene with various bigname celebrity players competing in tournaments across Europe and the rest of the world whilst Paladins is still the game of the twelvey. Paladins just wasn't made for Competitive.""B-b-b-buh, Soooooren! TF2 and OW have Valve and Bwizzard to big them up! You are being weally wude!"" Well shut the ♥♥♥♥ up Timmy because even game outside of Valve and Blizzard have had massive success. ♥♥♥♥, even The Binding of Isaac, a game so miniscule in size of playerbase has a competitive scene with cash prizes and celebrity players and this is coming from a pixelated Indie roguelike!Because of how poorly balanced Paladins is in order to compensate for how♥♥♥♥♥♥the playerbase is, no sane player with decent enough skill would actually play it professionally; it's just a waste of talent and time that could be spent of better, higher skill capped games.In ConclusionPaladins is a bad game.It was poorly designed.It was poorly balanced.It lacks original content.It lacks decent content.The playerbase are terrible.The playerbase are toxic.For an overall better experience, I HIGHLY recommend saving up to buy Overwatch, in or out of sale, or alternatively playing TF2 instead and hope Valve sorts out their♥♥♥♥♥♥when it comes to the direction they want to take it. Or play Heroes and Generals, it's a hell of a grind to start but insanely fun if you have a grease gun, a complete lack of self preservation and decent hip acuracy.(oh yeah, and Paladins looks terrible, the texture quallity, model quallity and partical quallity is disgusting and the UI is as cluttered as IOS)"
,Not Recommended,444090,29658198,Posted: 2 February,all,Sunny 달,"The game itself is alright. Very similar to Overwatch indeed. BUT it comes with the 'necessary' HiRez game launcher which apparently comes with a trojan agent, according to my ♥♥♥♥ing expensive antivirus software.Not sure whether it's a false alert or not but the extra launcher did it for me. Why the ♥♥♥♥ do I have to run two DRMs if one of them is not just redundant but also potentially dangerous?I guess this game is just the poor mans Overwatch after all."
76561198068813331,Not Recommended,444090,32132082,Posted: 2 June,all,necrosarus2,"Well I dont dislike paladins per se, but it is generic. The maps are bland, the characters for most part cardboard personality. The cards system is interesting but make every character a incognito, you dont know the range, the duration, the additional effects of a character skills you guestmate, while it has it place I dont think a fast paced arena shooter is the right place for the system, maybe a moba is best place for it. All in all even if is in beta I can't recomend it the maps and characters are really a let down. And the direction developers are taking in last updates are not being new players friendly maybe they getting greed, dont know."
,Not Recommended,444090,29565542,Posted: 29 January,all,☣-.✗NoAiM,"FIX THE SERVERS, STOP LOGGING ME OUT WHEN IM IN A GAME FFS!"
,Not Recommended,444090,29655160,Posted: 2 February,all,Kajaho,"""Error validating EasyAntiCheat code signing certificate.""My anti-virus prevents me from playing this game. It must know something I don't."
76561198332431633,Recommended,444090,30013141,Posted: 18 February,all,KingAntonio96,Good game
,Not Recommended,444090,29414350,Posted: 21 January,all,JoshBigD,"♥♥♥♥♥game wont let me login. Gave me some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ username and i had to make a new email,  still wouldnt let me login."
76561198319607779,Recommended,444090,29833233,Posted: 10 February,all,.:TE/\,"Its called overwatch becaused its overpriced and you should just play this. Same game, its just like a reskin and free. There is no pay to win aspect at all. I was able to buy 2 champions (they each costed 5000) in one day. ONE DAY. typically it would take me 3 years to get ONE thing on a different free to play game. It also feels a little bit more childish than overwatch. I mean, a giant turtle? Am I supposed to be scared? Those who play over watch would enjoy this game, im sure of it."
,Recommended,444090,30156805,Posted: 24 February,all,Cheese Takoyaki ☠,Very Cool
76561198131284209,Recommended,444090,30231229,Posted: 27 February,all,tortle,"alrite, some may say it over watch clone, which it isbutits freesoi rest my case"
,Recommended,444090,29843932,Posted: 11 February,all,KoolLazy,"I Like Paladins,Its A Free To Play Overwatch. Its Cool When You Have All The Heroes"
76561198307482746,Recommended,444090,30092884,Posted: 21 February,all,Dyssoma,"PaladinsIs Paladins a good game, noITS A ♥♥♥♥ING GREAT GAMEgood is like overwatchbut paladins oooooTHATS A GREAT GAME9.6/10 still havnt found my dad that left me"
76561198047627798,Recommended,444090,30047191,Posted: 19 February,all,¢яєєρ,Nice game!
,Not Recommended,444090,29792209,Posted: 8 February,all,[Z],freezes.... a lot of bugs.... black screens when u alt-tab..... dont play if u dont have the nerves
,Not Recommended,444090,29783915,Posted: 8 February,all,champagnepapi,VOLVO FIX MAEVE!
76561198165436351,Not Recommended,444090,29829078,Posted: 10 February,all,Animu-weeb,i have a big problem when i try to play paladins its gives me a error pls close you pchunter 64 help me !
76561198149520766,Not Recommended,444090,29512588,Posted: 26 January,all,SCANIA DRIVER,THE GMAE IS♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,444090,29578803,Posted: 29 January,all,NightSky,Worst Overwatch ripoff ever. just buy overwatch.
,Not Recommended,444090,29624314,Posted: 1 February,all,pushdogg,"Can't make an account, or link to my google account. Waste of $20. As of right now i would not recommend."
,Recommended,444090,30106116,Posted: 22 February,all,Bryson,"Amazing game, can't believe i havent played this until nowHighly recommend"
,Not Recommended,444090,29509978,Posted: 26 January,all,Jedi - csgolive.com,Just buy overwatch
76561198201427909,Recommended,444090,29530566,Posted: 27 January,all,Kirito,its pretty moist
76561198136337256,Not Recommended,444090,29810721,Posted: 9 February,all,kanoofa lord,"i had a reveiw earlier but i wasnt happy with it so fresh start like the open beta i supose right. this game is fundamentally not bad its not i like it more then overwatch to be honest but i have 1 main issue with this game the stupidity of the devs and how they dont know how on earth to run a freaking beta they clearly do not understand the concept of addition because there are less modes then in the closed beta they had 3 modes now they have 2. i am going to miss that cannon and that fog. but the biggest problem is they broke my trust. how you may ask simple they DOUBLED DOUBLED the damage of EVERY. SINGLE. champion.so like evie went from 450 to 900 damage with less health then they have now as well if i remember right evie had maybe 1,350 to 1400 yeah health was a fair amount lower then worst part.they didnt even say why they did no big post for why and they claimed people wanted it with a really stupid servay get this they gave the sewrvay to everyone in the closed beta to see if they liked the new time to kill the dumb part they gave it to people WHO JUST STARTED THAT PATCH! and with the refer a freind basically anyone could play for free yeah that was dumb oh dont forget it was only open for like 3 hours then they closed it and submitted the results."
76561198152603505,Not Recommended,444090,29548166,Posted: 28 January,all,W I L L Y,VERY NOT RECOMENDED...OB42 IS RUIN MY FPS...DROP TO 20..LOLif i think i must upgrade my PC into high spec...better play overwatch than this damn game
,Recommended,444090,29532850,Posted: 27 January,all,Pak Ben,Nice
,Not Recommended,444090,29531580,Posted: 27 January,all,Toasty Engineer,Needs more mac support. Can't go 5 minutes without crashing.
,Recommended,444090,30105817,Posted: 22 February,all,OTANOCU,"I hate the new uptade, i don´t understand the new game mood... But is a game in the general"
,Not Recommended,444090,29629726,Posted: 1 February,all,bc,could not get it to work; flaky anti cheat system
,Not Recommended,444090,30048220,Posted: 19 February,all,Ragnus,"Not recomended for ultrawide users, it has no native suport and the game stops you from playing if you change the hex file, overwatch ripoff but bad. 6/10"
,Not Recommended,444090,30042370,Posted: 19 February,all,Madhatten,I was very disapointed in this game. I spent a whole week trying to get a new champion and my coins never went higher than 2000! I was pretty mad that I spent 6 hours playing a match for nothing. I dont recommend this game for anyone!
,Not Recommended,444090,29516421,Posted: 26 January,all,Dai,This game is a copy of overwatch who is a copy of TF2 don't know why people play this game.
,Not Recommended,444090,29518434,Posted: 27 January,all,l0n31y,"This game is so trash. I do not recommend this game. It is so unrealistic because you shoot someone in the head 5 times, you don't kill him. I ask this company to make some improvements on this game and make it more realistic."
,Recommended,444090,29532133,Posted: 27 January,all,Skye,is good. could better. but is good.
,Recommended,444090,29813789,Posted: 9 February,all,CyN csgogem.com,NICE GAME SIMPLE GAME
,Recommended,444090,30008044,Posted: 18 February,all,Zakrok09,OMG
,Recommended,444090,29841319,Posted: 10 February,all,Slick,"Good, but get Overwatch. Overwatch is MUCH better."
,Recommended,444090,30119581,Posted: 23 February,all,The Night Reaper,cool game!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,444090,29968101,Posted: 16 February,all,Ben10,Amazing Game! I enjoy the customizable aspect of the cards and in game builds a lot. Provides for less linear gameplay. 10/10 would recommend
76561198085822801,Recommended,444090,29855561,Posted: 11 February,all,Sensi Addict,One of the best free games
,Not Recommended,444090,29941360,Posted: 15 February,all,my love is on fire!,"I can't login in to this game,although i create a new account and then i login again.It's still can't join to the game.help me to fix it."
,Not Recommended,444090,29423173,Posted: 22 January,all,Faster Jitter,fernando
76561198209126517,Recommended,444090,29434915,Posted: 22 January,all,Jbucking,i love it it's great.
,Recommended,444090,29446040,Posted: 23 January,all,Free_Cheese,Amazing...WHY U STILL READING M8 DOWNLOAD GAME NOW!!!!10/10
76561198242523798,Recommended,444090,30217377,Posted: 27 February,all,TheOneAndOnlyME...,Ripoff...
,Recommended,444090,30060579,Posted: 20 February,all,MOHAMMED,لعبة رائعة أنصح بتجربتها
76561197994263627,Recommended,444090,30171009,Posted: 25 February,all,P@N!C,The game is nice and casual...Yet i think the PVE funktion is Insane...
,Recommended,444090,30203154,Posted: 26 February,all,Fl3xy <3 Farmskins.com,Awesome
76561198094097634,Recommended,444090,30202633,Posted: 26 February,all,KarafloBelos,Very good
76561198186679747,Recommended,444090,29568408,Posted: 29 January,all,LOGAN,PRETTY GOOD GAME STILL HAS SOME BUGS LIKE LAG AND BUYABLES COST MAYBE TOO MUCH BUT OVER ALL A GOOD GAME
,Recommended,444090,29780525,Posted: 8 February,all,Luke,leh uga
,Not Recommended,444090,29689545,Posted: 4 February,all,Casleyy,"Can't make account because I haven't agreed to the EULA.Where is the EULA?I check my emails, nothing.I check my monitor, nothing.I agreed to the EULA when creating an account.Wtf, Riot?"
,Recommended,444090,29968310,Posted: 16 February,all,YaBoiBlue pvpro.com,"I expected this game to be another repetitive and boring MMO, however i noticed that a few of my friends had recommended this to me so i thought i would give it a go. I was very wrong, this game turned out to be great fun. Yes there are microtransactions but the game is playable without having to purchase anything from the store. The more games you play the more champions you can unlock, i find this a great aspect to the game as it makes it more balanced and fair as even the default characters are powerful. The only fault with this game is that the connection to servers are sometimes bad, however i have only come upon this problem once or twice. Another pro to this game is that the champions all vary so there is almost guaranteed a champion to suit your play style, if it's from 'grover' the walking tree or 'fernando' the most irritating of characters, im sure you will enjoy."
76561198298808356,Recommended,444090,30238318,Posted: 28 February,all,Decidueye,It is very addictive i've played it 100 hours
76561198141348204,Recommended,444090,30174044,Posted: 25 February,all,RASTAFARI,it is a good game its not like any other game i tried playing overwatch and it aint that good when high but this game lol baked AF you can still win and have fun  10/10 for stoners
76561198188292511,Recommended,444090,30209476,Posted: 26 February,all,"Yogg-Saron, Hope's End","Some♥♥♥♥♥♥♥get so butthurt when people compare this to overwatch, uhm- well, let's see.this game takes almost every aspect of overwatch and copies it, people get butthurt because they cant afford overwatch or cant' run it so they defend this game.I still like this game though, makes up for when I'm not on my gaming computer and i wanna play overwatches prequel-UNDERWATCH"
,Recommended,444090,30170342,Posted: 25 February,all,Loudnesoverload,"This game is lit. It takes overwatch and makes it better it some aspects, like mounts and better characters. Hi Rez, the developers, are actually listening to the community as well so if there is something you dont like you can tell them."
76561198343203818,Recommended,444090,29832755,Posted: 10 February,all,KRLY1029,can you please add an offline mode that has bots and no people? PLEASE?ps this game is cool.
,Not Recommended,444090,29689019,Posted: 4 February,all,yiss,cancer
,Recommended,444090,29785339,Posted: 8 February,all,Kyle,Found a lot of aimbot guys but can't be report.GGEZ
,Recommended,444090,29861689,Posted: 11 February,all,Jacket,Horse Riding Simulator
,Not Recommended,444090,30134579,Posted: 23 February,all,Turner悲,Ob44.
76561198054823175,Recommended,444090,29843016,Posted: 11 February,all,em4r99,Its like a free overwatch so just get this game and you dont need to waste money on overwatch!
,Recommended,444090,29990357,Posted: 17 February,all,B5i Automatic Profile Changer v2,"Netcode is very good, game is pretty fun.I appreciate both things when I am playing an online game."
,Recommended,444090,29860047,Posted: 11 February,all,Lambikas.,"Good FPS shooter game, recommended to play with friends xd GL&HF"
76561198180838479,Not Recommended,444090,29706173,Posted: 4 February,all,Dankus Memeus,Too many BUGS !!!!
,Recommended,444090,29421128,Posted: 22 January,all,LefterisX009gr,This game Is Awsome!
76561198258798862,Recommended,444090,29813772,Posted: 9 February,all,lunadarkne,it is the good the end
,Not Recommended,444090,29554991,Posted: 28 January,all,Boxxy,"Wipped my account for no reason and now wont even load, worst game of the year award goes to paladins"
76561198356005059,Recommended,444090,29462200,Posted: 24 January,all,chadholloway90,This game is awesome and so much fun to play i love it ! Im finally a pc gamer and this was one of my first games i installed. So much fun playing online with my brother and sister plus alot of friends play too.One thing that bothers me is how people bash on this game and says they copied off overwatch and copy alot of characters. I dont really think thats true.yeah there some similarities but they are still two games of their own. Thats like saying halo copied off call of duty.I think Paladins is a great and look forward to watching it grow. PLEASE dont let the haters get in the way of the art of this game ! Keep it up HI REZ !
76561198218744180,Recommended,444090,29454527,Posted: 23 January,all,CorkieBear,"Very fun Overwatch style game, but with some variations. Great for a lower end PC plus its free! Give it a try if you are interested in OverWatch."
,Recommended,444090,29462291,Posted: 24 January,all,Βλαχοcowboy,"Definitely a lot better than Overwatch, and it's free !! .Next Gen FPS Moba. A great future lies within this game.The community is great, better than the rest cancerous mobas.It is free-to-play, pay-to-swag.Hi-Rez is a every outgoing company and every employee has a public twitter account and interacts with players.They give you freebies by watching paladins streams on twitch as long as you have linked your account.Their official PaladinsGame channel is awesome with 24/7 paladins gameplay, viewer games, tournaments etc.Hi-Rez listens to its community and every 2 weeks with new patches they fix problems and balance the game even more.The graphics are good if you keep in mind the game can be played in ancient PCsVery in depth game mechanics by customizing your loadouts and buying items to counter the enemy team champions.Few skills on each hero, easy and fun to grasp at first, difficult to master.Teamplay > Hard CarryMany official and community competitive tournaments with big pool money prizes and in game currency prizes"
76561198300811437,Not Recommended,444090,29825889,Posted: 10 February,all,WildKytten[RO],at los pollos fernandos all fernando's have the ultimates and pip is to op we ned ultimate to
76561198102945567,Not Recommended,444090,29463302,Posted: 24 January,all,bubs,"paladin keep got me disconnected everytime login in, please do something,"
,Not Recommended,444090,29879448,Posted: 12 February,all,derin,Copy of OverWatchTM
,Recommended,444090,29413273,Posted: 21 January,all,Reflex,Nice game!
76561198143160366,Not Recommended,444090,30084970,Posted: 21 February,all,Moogle Say_Kupo,"The game is good but with easy anti cheat this game become trash.the developer doesnt know how to deal with a cheater and make a easy anti cheat software,as it say its easy to ban everyone with this ♥♥♥♥ing software.all my heroes is gone,all my record is gone.go buy overwatch instead"
,Not Recommended,444090,30033025,Posted: 19 February,all,CiocanBaros,"Fernando OP; the game comes with nothing original, becomes boring after a while."
76561198139550457,Recommended,444090,30025433,Posted: 18 February,all,✪ Rice,This is a very fun game! Its the poor man's Overwatch!
76561198305092085,Recommended,444090,30025604,Posted: 18 February,all,AalLoDlO,"it's very fantastic, During the betaand must be mor work"
,Recommended,444090,30027272,Posted: 18 February,all,✪ ValterZ,Good
76561198186950698,Recommended,444090,30027766,Posted: 18 February,all,Sad Lumber,"Yes, I recommend this game, barely.Cons:1. HORRID balance issues2. Server lag out the♥♥♥♥♥3. Not-so-original characters4.  Match making is as good as my life right now, which isn't very good5. One word, HITBOXESPros:1. Strangely addicting2. Less of a pay to play and more of a ""If you're trash, you're gonna die"" type of game.3. Loadouts are dank and original4. Some of the charaters dialogue is pretty funnySummary:BETAIdeas:1. Another gamemode2. Less op characters"
76561198330178226,Not Recommended,444090,30027140,Posted: 18 February,all,Livedliveswilllive,Loved this game! however I was really disapointed when one day I went to play it and the ps4 controller I'd been using to play no longer works with the game. This has made it basically impossible for me to play the game with any kind of smoothness and acuracy. I would love with all my heart to dive back in and try out all the new character's that have been added but unfortunally that is no longer possible for me. Really heartbreaking.
,Not Recommended,444090,29418971,Posted: 22 January,all,我愛你,"Nevermind it is a copy of Overwatch or not. This beta is just a trash ported from other game engine. Followings are why this game terrible:1. It required to register and login the game then login again in the game to start playing.2. Enable remember password/stay login will not let you stay login, instead it will have a delay on the login form and try to auto fill the password to login. (Broken system, who coded these?)3. The input to the in game UI does not match or correspond to actual respond.3.1. Clicking 'PLAY' won't start find match or it will only respond after few second delay.3.2. Clicking 'Join Match' won't do it, and then have you being deserter unable to join match for a period of time.3.3. Unable to select champion during the champion selection, then have you being deserter.3.a (All the 3.x above might be due to the UI in/output do not correspond to the actual respond. The input to the UI might be trying to send it to server and wait for it to respond where sometimes it fails to respond to user. Terrible system/game engine.)4. Randomly disconnect/cancel game match while selecting champion in a match.5. Chance to disconnect during playing the game match, and it shows message ""Connection interrupted"", then relogin and reconnect to game will happen again the same, unless abandon the match and find another new match.-These are why this game is so terrible. You might says ""oh! it is still Beta, developers are working on it!"" which you might be right. However, I believe this game is the kind of game ""early access"" which will stay at Beta forever and will never actually be a fully working bug-free game.(Players already can purchase in game items, who need fixing bug when you already can earn from the buggy Beta game.)tq."
76561198268297819,Recommended,444090,28875909,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,BEAST,Amazing
,Recommended,444090,30036774,Posted: 19 February,all,TheyCallMeSean,Dank memes love them
,Recommended,444090,30032590,Posted: 19 February,all,MAF10Z | csgoatse.com,OverWatch For Free. 10/10
76561198285449486,Recommended,444090,29831843,Posted: 10 February,all,Hiden01,Best game 10/10
76561198326782228,Recommended,444090,29831883,Posted: 10 February,all,Rumbi <3,"Nice game, obviously a free version of Overwatch!"
,Recommended,444090,29832874,Posted: 10 February,all,melsupa csgo/ gamekit.com,i think its 1 of the best games on steam pls let it for free
76561198141643740,Recommended,444090,29507837,Posted: 26 January,all,JimJimCreamyz,like overwatch but free!
,Recommended,444090,29735814,Posted: 5 February,all,Mommy-Five-O,Hi
76561198164521462,Recommended,444090,30112539,Posted: 22 February,all,✦ AutumnTV ✙,"This game is so much better than Overwatch. The character idea's are very unique, even if they are similar to Overwatch's. It is defintely a have to play game. Suggest VERY MUCH! I own Overwatch, TF2 and Paladins. I would rather play Paladins more than TF2 or Overwatch, but they are both great!Paladins Pros: Free to play, great fun, much more.Paladins Cons: Dosen't get as much respect as overwatch...Paladins Real-Cons: I have the Founders pack so I already get champions on release, but the they need to reduce the buy price as it is a huge grind for one champion."
,Recommended,444090,30067244,Posted: 20 February,all,Rex Regum,"People are drophacking the servers, but I am still playing, means it's good."
76561198044671465,Not Recommended,444090,29951229,Posted: 15 February,all,Otis,"I wanted to like this, untill my first, second and third death watch showed aimbots. kinda ruined the game tbh"
,Not Recommended,444090,30137818,Posted: 24 February,all,Potato PC,"Great idea, but they couldn't make this game very good. Even with many mode and heroes, i got bored quickly even when i play with my friends.And you have to register before play the game and couldn't login sometimes.Furthermore, new update made this game bad. I just hope this game will be better then it left Early Access."
,Recommended,444090,30179754,Posted: 25 February,all,VeNom,"Addictive Game...Wonder why people keep not recommend this game.Still Beta Guys, give time for the developer to improvethe game...."
76561198263074731,Recommended,444090,29752708,Posted: 6 February,all,Epicly,very close to Overwatch but just different enough to make the game fun.
76561198049432236,Recommended,444090,30160434,Posted: 24 February,all,BlackTempest,"GET RID OF ALL THE FREAKING AIMBOTS, RUCKUS DOES TO MUCH DAMAGE AS FRONT LINE, PIP IS NOT A HEALER, HE IS FLANK. GROVER HAS TOO MUCH EFFING HEALTH. CHANGE THIS AND I COME BACK"
,Recommended,444090,29713268,Posted: 5 February,all,SLENJIX,its a good game if you cant buy overwatch ;3
76561198315988943,Recommended,444090,29850286,Posted: 11 February,all,Japis,Very Nice game . i love it
,Recommended,444090,30035561,Posted: 19 February,all,Manggot,Really Nice and little bit fun and fun and fun and fun :>
,Recommended,444090,29499233,Posted: 26 January,all,Amalia,Addictive.
,Recommended,444090,30202206,Posted: 26 February,all,Empty Sun,im waiting for the beach episode dlcspeedo mal'damba better be confirmed or ill bust someones nutswith a nutcracker8/10 bird girl best girl
,Recommended,444090,30157799,Posted: 24 February,all,he,"Hi Rez are ruining this game. It used to be good in early closed beta, but its not good anymore."
76561198194804271,Recommended,444090,30207959,Posted: 26 February,all,Yiga Flipper Jr,"If you're playing this game, chances are you've heard a lot of jokes and mockery, and a few joke reviews.One of my favorites being ""Mom? Can I have money for Overwatch? Mom: No.""But if I'm being honest, I actually LOVE this game.It's your basic FPS with a big bag of Champions to choose from. Each one with their own unique abilities.(My main is Androxus, ma boi)If you like sci-fi/fantasy fps action, I'd reccomend Paladins.Also, Hi-rez, plz remove Torvold, he is not fun to fight against."
,Recommended,444090,30043366,Posted: 19 February,all,Felflame,"Y'all probably have already heard this a billion times, and I'm lame and uninteresting so I'll say it again..The Poorman's Overwatch."
,Recommended,444090,30213542,Posted: 26 February,all,Dimitri Dimitriev,I LOVE THIS GAME! IT IS MY FAVORITE GAME OF ALL TIME AND I LOVE TO PLAY IT WITH MY FRIENDS BECAUSE CHRIS BOUGHT THE FOUNDER'S PACK FOR ME FOR CHRISTMAS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I AM A TWELVE YEAR OLD :DDDDDDDDDDD
76561198325795949,Not Recommended,444090,29823997,Posted: 10 February,all,Eric of the Earth,Poor man's Overwatch........Gay
76561198063279417,Not Recommended,444090,29799322,Posted: 9 February,all,Snt Cls,"Monkey coding, bad design"
,Not Recommended,444090,30063182,Posted: 20 February,all,LegendaryMartin,"Played 6 games , every game ♥♥♥♥ing tanks , ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ cheaters 10/10 , if they dont fix this dont play it or you destroy your pc"
,Recommended,444090,30206378,Posted: 26 February,all,Pa1n,Best F2P game on Steam.
,Recommended,444090,30214940,Posted: 26 February,all,AgentKMA,Very Very Good Game (VVGG) I've been played daily when i've free time :DLOVE THIS GAME <3
,Recommended,444090,29876398,Posted: 12 February,all,rexbrpt,Best F2P game on Steam and fun to play. With bags of potential for competitive players and casual gamers alike. Below are some pro's and con's that i can think of while playing.Pro's- Nice grapahics- Fun to play- F2P and no P2W model- Interesting card system- Wide range of heroes to play each coming with their own challenges- Customise your hero in game via card system to how you like to play- Excellent PC stabalisation- Good range of PC settings to choose from- Quick matchmaking- Many gamemodesCon's- No cross play with PS4- Most of the heroes are locked and requires you to play to unlock or pay
,Not Recommended,444090,29873266,Posted: 12 February,all,ANU$ M☮LD,"reasons why i don't recommend this game:devs run cash shop selling ugly reskins even though paladins is still in """"""""""""""""""""""early access""""""""""""""""""""""""""blatant female favoritism, all overpowered champions are girls for some reason (there's Viktor of course though)atrocious champion balance overall, while we're at it""anti-cheat""russians"
76561198341719169,Recommended,444090,29766637,Posted: 7 February,all,Vladstan3,bun
76561198135847325,Recommended,444090,29767762,Posted: 7 February,all,Dean,"paladins:the best overwatch for poor people, but overal its a pretty good game its kind of balanced and has allot of 'çhampions'  to choose from. your grandmas pc can run it.but! on the other side its complete **** its a rip off of overwatch the grapichs are bad and the match making is even worse if you like these sort of games go buy overwatch because its allot better. i only recomend it for people who cant run or buy any better games.2-7-2017"
76561198160410192,Recommended,444090,30163104,Posted: 25 February,all,Bobiță hellcase.com,This game is very good
,Not Recommended,444090,29957538,Posted: 16 February,all,ｖ RIP Dupstylez,"So many people with <150h giving the game positive reviews.Honestly in my play time I have concluded that its not an extremely well thought out game.The gameplay is great, the balancing and releases of characters...not so much.I dont recommend this game purely because its a huge source of frustration for people who are after a game that plays KIND OF like overwatch.This isn't like overwatch btw."
,Recommended,444090,30046913,Posted: 19 February,all,rosbractitan,Get this game. It's to gud not to get.
,Recommended,444090,29422433,Posted: 22 January,all,Ikraik™,10/10Similar to Overwatch but fun to play.. In Overwatch you get annoyed but not with Paladins. Keep up with the good work
76561198200843273,Not Recommended,444090,29511616,Posted: 26 January,all,saltybutter,"THIS GAME SUCK. Theres no synergy between charecter, the bot you face for the first few games are anoying as ♥♥♥♥ because the bots are op because they mainly hit headshot, the charecter skins suck and a bad teammate will destroy you chances of winnig and this game doesnt feel strategec."
76561198061022060,Not Recommended,444090,29474894,Posted: 24 January,all,panda magic,boring!!repititve stuff every game
76561198002119019,Recommended,444090,29965120,Posted: 16 February,all,Melty,"The game is very nice , you basically have to fight for the Siege Engine in order to destroy the enemy base , it has a lot of cards in it so you have a lot of buffs ecc , craft system where you can basically create a new card from the duplicates you have , you can craft cards for the same rarity or you can craft more cards in order to get a rare/epic/legendary card , the game it's pretty easy to learn and hard to master , since it is in closed beta there are many things that need to be fixed and added so giving a vote is pointless but i still recommend this game!"
,Not Recommended,444090,30102248,Posted: 22 February,all,Insco,team fortress 2 better
76561198195651971,Not Recommended,444090,30101820,Posted: 22 February,all,47th chromosome,itz canzur
,Recommended,444090,29976111,Posted: 16 February,all,peopleman,like this review
,Not Recommended,444090,29953386,Posted: 15 February,all,gay sellout for skinhub.com,Man this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ and by♥♥♥♥♥♥I mean actual garbage. I'm going to stick to overwatch.
76561198273269602,Recommended,444090,30181807,Posted: 25 February,all,Sturj,it's not p2w*edit*it's still not p2w
,Recommended,444090,29401099,Posted: 21 January,all,Donnie,"I really like how this game includes concepts from other games, makes it work, AND you have so much fun.Introduction:For example, <insert class here> you ride into battle WoW style 5v5, on a mount, and either head to objective or a vantage point, or whatever. The music is fitting for battle, and you unlock as you go cosmetics, emojis, etc. There is also a store so p2w? dunno yet. Simple interface, simple graphics, yet the classes have some depth due to the talents, perks loadout and type of class.Gameplay:Before and during a game, it gives you that MTG/HS feeling while choosing customized loadout and in game perks, pretty cool since you dont know what enemies counter your loadout ""strategy"".The game is very rewarding AND is forgiving, leading to a fresh FUN experience! I HIGHLY recommend this game to all ages! It's pretty casual to begin with, there ARE some League of Legends style ""locked"" heros, which i dislike, and competitive. Allow me to define casual, Rocket League comes to mind, once you manage to score a goal, then you see someone fly and ariel a goal, you realize the skill cap is pretty high, ALTHOUGH if you just manage to score a goal, its still fun as 5 minutes will allow. Games take about 15-30, the client is fairly lightweight and easy to read and get going.My experience was picking the sniper class, without even reading loadout, getting 17x killstreak, then i read the ablities, and was amazed that default sniper class has a teleportation (.3-.4s) delay AND slowing landmines(static) and deal minor damage), which made space for mlg type plays.Enemy fleeing at 1hp? No problem, throw your tp thing and noscope420mlg him or 420mlg 180spin and commit to the ""tactical retreat"". ALL on short cooldowns, making them very useful from getting the payload from point A to point B, did I mention variety? I was getting outplayed by other classes in hilarious ways. The funniest has to be when a tiny fox on your team turns enemy into cute little pigs for 3 seconds or something, I lost it, and totally made my day. There is standard COD class (viktor), some invisible dashing girl, another one always shows up behind your back, some sticky bomb dude even MECHS [ARMORED CORE kinda] (ruckus), some other healing and tank classes.I have only played 6 hours so far, and I can see I am going to spend many hours having FUN.tl;drMiss the good ol epic KoTH battles? Paladins. ""Fresh variety that includes elements from other triple a games? Paladins. Unique, yes. Cloney feel, no. Fun? Yes. Casual while highish skill cap? Paladins.Install, launch q's are very fast, game is fun and comical, emphasis on fresh/variety to suit your playstyle do what you want however you want and still have fun.Is it perfectly balanced? Not sure, I was not stun-locked for 7 straight seconds nor disabled for more than 2-3 seconds at a time, which is welcome CHANGE to the arena type of games so popular today.it's free as of right now, great servers, no bs, fun, whatcha waiting on? JOIN THE FUN"
,Not Recommended,444090,29442990,Posted: 23 January,all,Duke Dugong,"Was good. Then I can't play because of the ♥♥♥♥ing anti-cheat system, and the only way to fix it is by reinstalling Windows. Great job Hi-Rez"
,Not Recommended,444090,29442636,Posted: 23 January,all,Rock Among Maiden,♥♥♥♥ING STUPID POTATO SERVERS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T GAME !!!
,Recommended,444090,29875127,Posted: 12 February,all,Sui.,WELL PLAYED
76561198360521214,Not Recommended,444090,29775187,Posted: 7 February,all,cplasencia7,mommy can i buy over watch NO ok ill get this game
,Not Recommended,444090,29562222,Posted: 29 January,all,Ido,"HI Rez Studio Launcher not working , HI rez studio cant find update, Hi rez Studio this and that ""Err.. -_-lots of solution i find to fix it, but it wont work and Fixing it *facepalm*"
,Recommended,444090,29874000,Posted: 12 February,all,Mr-Banana,this is game for my
76561198289304427,Not Recommended,444090,30149738,Posted: 24 February,all,Capitan Обогревател,este jogo é uma bosta não estalar pls não deem dinheiro a estes pobres
76561198086519446,Not Recommended,444090,30181976,Posted: 25 February,all,SirNachoz,"Just play Overwatch.And no, im not bandwagoning on the Hatetrain.  I played this game for a bit trying my hardest to like it.  I like how the game isn't centered on Ultimate abilities and I like the small changes that make the game a bit less annoying, but when you have a sniper character that has an SMG that turns into a sniper rifle and a guy that throws bombs and has an exploding rolling projectile that they control, its more than a funny coincidence.  If you can afford Overwatch, just get Overwatch, unless you like the thousands of small and nearly meaningless changes this game brings to the table."
76561198102814665,Not Recommended,444090,30199756,Posted: 26 February,all,Slimshady,Easy anti cheat.
76561197981014966,Not Recommended,444090,30238421,Posted: 28 February,all,Mortavius,"While the game is quite fun to play I can't recommend it anymore since the latest patch has made it into a grind fest. I know they want to make money and try to make people pay for the game, and that's no problem. I bought the founders pack since I enjoy this game and wanted to support it.But in the last patch they introduced a new form of currency that (imho) broke the game for new players.You used to get gold from playing rounds and weekly quests like ""Win 3 games"" or ""Play 2 games as front/flank/support"" and with this gold you could unlock cards that you needed to customize your character. Each character has multiple cards and you choose 5 to make a deck that upgrades your character's abilities. Things like reduced cooldown or an added effect like healing. Yes, you still had to grind a bit but you could work on the characters you like with this system. Get gold, buy cards.The new system in 0.44 works a bit differently. You still get gold from quests and rounds, but instead of using the gold to buy cards directly you can now only buy chests with it. These chests contain 3 (4 if you buy a booster) random cards/cosmetics/voicepacks/emotes. If you already own the given item, the card is reduced to the new currency, essence. This essence is now required to buy cards and to unlock the (3 per character) legendaries you can pick next to your deck each round you play. And therein lies the problem.Instead of buying the cards I want for the characters I play, I now have to be either extremely lucky to get the cards in a chest, or be so lucky to get duplicates to get essence to buy the cards I want. Now I've played quite a bit, and since I bought the founders pack I had quite alot of essence to unlock the cards and legendaries on the characters I play most, but this system totally screws over new players.Hope they fix this."
,Recommended,444090,30130621,Posted: 23 February,all,JaVi,Is a God Gamelike a booss*-* <3
76561198306087521,Recommended,444090,29418963,Posted: 22 January,all,WEEABOODESUDESUCHANWAIFUSENPAI,the next overwatch
,Recommended,444090,29419665,Posted: 22 January,all,Kennymeister,It's not a rip-off.It's a great game.
76561198155625129,Recommended,444090,30130628,Posted: 23 February,all,Sky Daddy,"its not overwatch, TRUST"
,Not Recommended,444090,30130668,Posted: 23 February,all,[GX]Ex-gamer,"As of this day, 24.2.2017. Paladins is Pay To Win. Rest in Peace Paladins."
76561197985279153,Not Recommended,444090,30114871,Posted: 23 February,all,ACID_TRAP,pay 2 win... again
76561198125290527,Not Recommended,444090,29605586,Posted: 31 January,all,Time Cop,This game is like the software defence of McDonalds.It sucks.
,Not Recommended,444090,29507969,Posted: 26 January,all,backohead74,1. Download Paladins.2.Install Hi Rez software3.Sign in through Google4.Forced to create Hi Rez account anyway so what was point of signing in through facebook or google?5.Verified email6.Tried to log in7.Invalid Account name and Password8. try everything possible to log in.9.Fail.10.Create second Hi Rez account with alternate email.11.Logs in automatically this time.12.Exits out of tutorial to hook up Gamepad.13.Tries to log back in.14.Invalid Account name and Password.15 F**k Hi Rez16.Uninstall.
,Not Recommended,444090,29669029,Posted: 3 February,all,AlexTRONIC,Slightly less cancer than csgo but still cancer.
,Not Recommended,444090,29890559,Posted: 12 February,all,Moiyo,just buy overwatch honestly
76561198075104032,Not Recommended,444090,29795992,Posted: 8 February,all,Rampant Omega,"So basically,♥♥♥♥♥♥Overwatch. Yes?"
76561198132573715,Not Recommended,444090,30234356,Posted: 27 February,all,|VIP| costababy,"WAS a great casual game that you could level up at a decent, leisurely pace. The new patch ruined everything, and it has become a total grind fest. Sorry Hi-Rez, your greed got the better of you, and your community is responding. I'm not going to go into detail as to what all is going wrong and what theyre doing to fix it. There's google for that.All I'm saying is that they should just unpatch that patch instead of trying to fix it and adjust, and go back to the drawing board. I bought the founders pack, and i feel betrayed. I used to play this game every day, and now i dont even feel the urge to try a casual its so broken. What a shame."
,Recommended,444090,30233924,Posted: 27 February,all,Jew Gates,For playing atleast a hour of this i think i deserve to review it! ITS AWESOME!!! OVERWATCH FOR FREE BBUT BETTER DEN OEVERWATCH THO!! GET IT NOW WHOM EVER READS THIS!!!! :D :3 :O
76561198298252757,Not Recommended,444090,29664737,Posted: 3 February,all,Dravix64,"Played this game up until one of the most recent patches. It was great game that had a decently sized cast of wisecracking characters and was interesting enough for me not to look toward buying similar games like Overwatch for the longest time!! BUT, then they snuck easyanticheat into one of the patches and the game's performance on my computer has been subpar since. Not to mention easyanticheat is a well known keylogging program that has had issues with security within games in the past. For those reasons I ended up buying Overwatch anyway and I'll say that Overwatch runs way better than Paladins at the moment. It bugs me to say this because I throrughly enjoyed playing Paladins but I just simply cannot recommend a game whose performance and security have faultered and will possibly continue to faulter with future updates.IN SHORTThe Good: Great cast of decently balanced characters full of personality that is still growing with each update. The game does not cost 40 bucks and is in fact free. No pay2win microtransactions but instead just pay4skins.The Bad: Updates are slowly making the game harder to run.The Ugly: EasyAntiCheat is used. A resource hogging anticheat system that keylogs and has been known to have security issues.Hopefully one day this will all be fixed but as of right now the game is severely hurt by these issues in my eyes."
,Recommended,444090,29935597,Posted: 14 February,all,Monsieur Komixé Le Beau,It's a good free alternative to Overwatch. It needs more champions and maps in my opinion though.
76561198203438766,Recommended,444090,30116047,Posted: 23 February,all,SolariTheCold,its a fun game try it out
,Recommended,444090,30204587,Posted: 26 February,all,wew,"Only problem I have is having to commit to a certain build you choose. Other than that, it's suprisingly balanced for a f2p fps game."
,Not Recommended,444090,29567507,Posted: 29 January,all,NoobaGutt,"IVE SPENT SO MUCH USELESS TIME TRYING TO CREATE AN ACCOUNT, JUST TO PLAY THIS GAME, STILL DOESNT ♥♥♥♥ING WORK. WHATS A GOOD GAME WHEN YOU CANNOT EVEN PLAY IT?"
,Recommended,444090,29819557,Posted: 10 February,all,APHSSilviu,"This game is pretty good: great gameplay champions added every update. But it has greatly lag. I understand that it's open-beta, it's not finished, but it is worth more. So I would ask you to fix lag, because it's a great game. I recommend this game, but I hope to be repaired lag. Thank you for understanding!"
76561198323349810,Recommended,444090,29820374,Posted: 10 February,all,Lathrindir,"in my opinion, this is a good game..."
76561198086496199,Not Recommended,444090,29844438,Posted: 11 February,all,IONG,I think in last update will make gameless because Mavev character .
,Recommended,444090,30099927,Posted: 22 February,all,Flown,A funny game like overwatch. You can custumoize ur skill with card. Its a good game.
76561198124368254,Recommended,444090,30116211,Posted: 23 February,all,Zerx,"Cool game! with funny mods,ROFl!!!!"
76561198297679730,Not Recommended,444090,30121537,Posted: 23 February,all,Kyoz Dragon,New patch broke it..free to play and pay to win.
,Not Recommended,444090,30121763,Posted: 23 February,all,SuperAlien,this is sukc
76561198058341062,Not Recommended,444090,30122222,Posted: 23 February,all,Persun,"Pay2win game, its gonna die out soon."
76561198071494259,Not Recommended,444090,30125376,Posted: 23 February,all,pustiu,Playing this f2p game you will undestand why is better to pay for a real game.this trash is full of lag and now is pay2win.i most certainly DO NOT recomand this game.
,Not Recommended,444090,30122425,Posted: 23 February,all,NooYim,Used to be a great game before OB44 update ruined it.Better off go and grab Overwatch.
76561198157015044,Not Recommended,444090,30125276,Posted: 23 February,all,jailbirdjenna,P2win.
76561198061098093,Not Recommended,444090,30128545,Posted: 23 February,all,Mr Whiskers,"New patch ruined the game for me , not worth the time or grind"
,Not Recommended,444090,30042009,Posted: 19 February,all,LesterChildMolester,"♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME! I can't even ♥♥♥♥ing play xD when im trying to play it Says ""Launcher have to be close to actualization"" so it closes paladins then says actualization failed and again same wtf? I dont even care its copy of OW D:"
,Recommended,444090,30121790,Posted: 23 February,all,Austron,"Good game, different from overwatch."
,Not Recommended,444090,30125368,Posted: 23 February,all,LordZALE,"A great game ruined by bad patches, iffy matchmaking and game designers who don't understand why their game was fun."
,Not Recommended,444090,29438843,Posted: 23 January,all,csgoatse.com csgonecro.com KinG,"Good game, but bad servers .Many hackers and always high ping, 200+ ping 99% of time.Their Anti-Cheat is useless,.Every now and then the cursor dissappears,"
,Not Recommended,444090,29836379,Posted: 10 February,all,GeckerMedic,"Just get Overwatch.In case you're feeling cheap, I'd recommend it if the it wouldn't be so damn unbalanced. Since you can't switch champions midgame, the rounds are pretty much decided at random based on picks. Very unmotivating."
76561198350123256,Recommended,444090,29703748,Posted: 4 February,all,Stormtrooper #66,chicken nuggets
,Recommended,444090,29703862,Posted: 4 February,all,Tone Damli Deilig♥♥♥,"Broken heroes, horrible balance, very much fun :)"
,Recommended,444090,29704210,Posted: 4 February,all,Ryce Cunt,"REALLY ♥♥♥♥ING FUN FOR A FREE GAME!<3 SO ♥♥♥♥ING GOOD AND FUN WITH FRIENDS, BASICALLY FREE OVERWATCHER AND BETTER BY A MILE! GIVE IT A TRY YOU ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥! <3"
,Not Recommended,444090,29791094,Posted: 8 February,all,PemGem,"El juego?Me parece muy patetico la verdad, ademas de que es una copia pobre del OverWatch, no se puede cambiar la resolucion al iniciar para logearse/registrarse.Hay un error para algunos que cuando abren el juego les salta un error de ""Resolucion"" y a mi tambien me pasa, que patetico juego, la verdad este juego es para pobres.Calificacion Mia:0/10"
,Recommended,444090,30082228,Posted: 21 February,all,Viktor,Its fun. I have been playing before overwatch came out (pre steam release) when it was in its early stages and has only gotten better
,Not Recommended,444090,29490571,Posted: 25 January,all,☢ Alex_aka_Delta ☢,Easy Anti CheatNuff said
76561198047555649,Recommended,444090,25794402,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,[BDF] TheWarden,"It is kinda like that one game i have played a ton of and love, but a little different, and that is ok."
76561198092250640,Recommended,444090,30175645,Posted: 25 February,all,PaPokeman,"Very fun game, cards are cool, characters are cool, developers are cool. Thats it."
,Recommended,444090,29520341,Posted: 27 January,all,P3N,"Don't listen to people saying that this is a copy of overwatch or a cheap ripoff of it, this game is very much different to overwatch. I haven't played this game much compared to others but the different kits and customizable card sets, not even to mention the in game items make this game feel more like a moba than a tf2 type game. Download the game, it's free."
76561198059403938,Not Recommended,444090,29909815,Posted: 13 February,all,Trugers,Totally unbalanced heroes.
76561198268304766,Recommended,444090,29957981,Posted: 16 February,all,REKT,좋은 경기 였어
76561198077509577,Not Recommended,444090,30099653,Posted: 22 February,all,Choccy | ohotc,"♥♥♥♥♥servers can't even get on the game which i paid so much for, please hi-rez fix ur game k."
76561198109749848,Not Recommended,444090,29882619,Posted: 12 February,all,OmegaTimberwolfYT,"Game is never balanced, matchmaking isn't a thing, and did I forget to say, NO MATCHMAKING"
,Recommended,444090,30124467,Posted: 23 February,all,SPOOKotcom,"Paladins is a fun game. That's the first thing to know. If you have the time to put into it, do so. Paladins takes the form of a 5 v 5 Hero-Based Team-Based Objective-Based First Person Shooter. There are 22 current Champions, with about 13 more coming soon. Each character is very different, though they are sorted into 4 categories. Front Line, the bulky shields and leaders of the team. Support, the healers and status effect givers. Damage, the offensive and defensive core. And Flank, the high-risk high-reward mobile assassins. Each character also has 5 slots for loadouts. Using their 16 different cards to make 5 card loadouts gives each Champion a lot of customization options. They also have 3 Legendary Cards, which drastically alter their play styles and abilities. This makes Paladins a very personal game, as you find what works for you. Watch out, Overwatch Fans. There's no hero swaps here. Rather, you'll counter your enemy by buying cards mid-battle, which help your offense, defense, recovery and speed. The game isn't without its problems. There are some balancing issues and the grind may be a little daunting to some. But don't worry. The game is still in Open Beta, indicating that Hi-Rez is willing to change and make the game more fun for everyone."
76561198060979916,Not Recommended,444090,29870859,Posted: 12 February,all,Senoinya Aumeriyal'e,This game has Easy Anti Cheat. This fact alone negates everything else good about this game.Don't support devs who support spyware.
76561198120384596,Recommended,444090,30231059,Posted: 27 February,all,Mark | csgogem.com,"Many of the characters need nerfs, one in particular is torvald seeing as anyone that chooses him makes their team win 80% of the time seeing as theres no ingame voicechat, torvald has too much of a shield does some high damage and without everyone on the team having wrecker at max is almost impossible to take out, sure one person can take him out alone but thats if torvald is busy attacking others the whole time, he needs to be nerfed ASAP"
76561198065990274,Not Recommended,444090,29501758,Posted: 26 January,all,DeathzHunter,VERY VERY imbalanced pvp they put pros against nubs no pve option for players to learn how to play and its a super overwatch rehash for free
,Not Recommended,444090,30156107,Posted: 24 February,all,Kona Milano,"Imagine Overwatch, but if they only cared about as much as Zynga or Nexon."
,Not Recommended,444090,29405193,Posted: 21 January,all,ApexPredator,This game sucks so much !
,Not Recommended,444090,30215292,Posted: 27 February,all,VanSHOE,Filled with micro transactions
76561198007778783,Not Recommended,444090,30167948,Posted: 25 February,all,Dhevos,"Fun game, but unfortunately the card system is a Pay to Win since Season 1. Bought the founders pack when the game first came out and now i can't even get all the legendary cards. This is the second time they changed the system around which ended up in wasting tons of gold for nothing."
,Not Recommended,444090,30187705,Posted: 25 February,all,Kysper,"The game in itself is fun, the toxicity of the community is not. I hate joining every game where everyone is just talking bad about each other. This isnt Rust, DayZ, or League of Legends. If you don't enjoy playing with strangers without being a total♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥heres a thought. Make your own team and leave public matches to casuals who just want to play the game without the nonsense. Rant over."
76561198156746280,Recommended,444090,30051259,Posted: 19 February,all,GassyTaco,"This game is very fun, especially with friends, I play it every week and enjoy it all.Lots of people say that this is an Overwatch copy, which just isn't true. But if you think that but can't afford overwatch, this is the game for you???"
76561198032998391,Recommended,444090,29975345,Posted: 16 February,all,Arroyo1992,"Love it, very engaging and fast paced."
,Recommended,444090,29572358,Posted: 29 January,all,♕Wietgrinder♕,GOOD GAME BETTER THAN OVERWATCH RECENT UPDATES NEW CLASSES ETC.ITS A NICE FUN GAME.I RECOMEND PALADINS   AS BEST  F2P MOBA/FPS GAME ON STEAM. MUSTPLAY
76561198083656229,Not Recommended,444090,29632928,Posted: 1 February,all,Barracuda society.gg,"""Player disconnected""... After a few days of playing, you can`t connect any more... This game is♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,444090,30239316,Posted: 28 February,all,Nyctar™ 雪,Ying is sexy mmmm yes
,Not Recommended,444090,29576253,Posted: 29 January,all,Blazing Panda,"The Characters are mostly rip-offs or are identical to overwatch hero's.Makoa (roadhog) hook and a shotgun.Fernando (Reinhardt) has a shield, melee weapon, and charge.Viktor (Soldier 76) rifle with gernade and the ability to run.Dragoz (Phara) Jetpack with a rocket launcher.Bomb King (Junkrat) Sticky bombs that remote detonate and ultimate with a fast moving remote detonated ball/wheel.Androxus (Mcree/Reaper) has the looks of Reaper but has a revolver like McreeBarik (Torbjorn) looks identical to Torbjorn and uses turrets.Torvald (Zarya) Shoots beams of energy and projects shields onto teammates.Kinessa (Widow) is a sniper, but snipers are in nearly every fps so i give them this one.Cassie/Sha Lin (Hanzo) just because they use bows doesn't make them identical, but it's the same concept.There are other characters with similar or the same abilities as overwatch characters but I only listed the ones that are obvious.This doesn't make Palidins a bad game but as you can tell i am an overwatch fan-boy and I am biased. it is only my opinion that I do not prefer this game, but if you are short on money and cannot buy overwatch this is a good substitute.  It is free and is worth a try, you might like it."
,Not Recommended,444090,30032677,Posted: 19 February,all,C3l3bi 🆅🅰🅻🆅🅴,Overwatch much more better
,Not Recommended,444090,30157724,Posted: 24 February,all,[ERP] Genji Shimada,Overwatch copy
,Not Recommended,444090,29511908,Posted: 26 January,all,Sync.,"Obvious Overwatch Ripoff. And I'm not talking about gameplay even though Overwatch gameplay is MUCH MORE polished and ennjoyable, but that's not my problem, my problem is that Hirez copied almost EVERY hero and every ability from Overtwatch, it's mind-blowing just how little inspirattion they had on their own and I can't help but feel disguted when I did try the game, it's kinda o fun but it's a total ripoff and I won't support a lesser version of overwatch that obviously copied almost every hero and ability from Overwatch and added some useless bs to ""be different"". Trust me, just buy Overwatch instead, I felt dirty playing this."
,Not Recommended,444090,29581757,Posted: 30 January,all,spoki pumple can,game sux
,Recommended,444090,29427681,Posted: 22 January,all,GoiGarg | SaveKeys.Net,best game for free
76561198365017715,Not Recommended,444090,30204921,Posted: 26 February,all,Tiny Dick Morty,overwatch ripoff has no potential.
76561198236412984,Not Recommended,444090,30203766,Posted: 26 February,all,adam110335,Paladins has becone pay 2 win.
76561198158284806,Not Recommended,444090,30183781,Posted: 25 February,all,Insomniak,"Just a ripoff of overwatch, but for poor people. It's like it's ripping off overwatch so much its just seeing how much it can get away with. The CEO is a terrible person, and all these people do is oversexualize already extremely sexualized characters, or I'm sorry, ""Champion."" The game changes so much, it's hard to tell what it even wants to be anymore. Plus, it's terribly unbalanced in every way possible, IM LOOKING AT YOU MAEVE. Worst game I've ever played."
76561198009405178,Not Recommended,444090,30046112,Posted: 19 February,all,"Oh no, a weeaboo","Poor peoples overwatch made to get a quick buck. They didn't have POTG, they add POTG. Overwatch has a chinese new year event, paladins rushes one out. Characters feel uninspired, the Art direction is a mix of both magic like crystals and guns. Has no pre-planning or direction. Those who played the closed beta copies before overwatch's announcement have gone on record saying non of the overwatch-esc characters were in the game prior to its announcement. What could've had great promise just sold their creativity for cash.And it worked. Look at the reviews, It worked. Such a mis-made, directionless confusion of different games which by no means is unique or even good game design has been upvoted to know avail because its free. Its only award is for being a moba. Wow, awesome. They'll make sure you know that though.They'll enjoy the ad revenue. Of course they will."
76561198134557047,Not Recommended,444090,30110649,Posted: 22 February,all,Joey Sparks,"Can we please stop making characters and refine the ones that ARE in the game? I know this is Hi-rez, the devs who don't give a crap about balance and would rather add more characters for you to buy (even though they said all characters would be free), at least give SOME concept of balance here!*sigh, but enough of my rant, here's a guide on how to play this game.-find a bunch of friends-join a match together as a squad-use ALL damage and flank charactersyou SHOULD be able to win every match."
76561198066954947,Not Recommended,444090,29814919,Posted: 9 February,all,Khum Dhan,Cant even create account so ♥♥♥♥ it
,Not Recommended,444090,29531264,Posted: 27 January,all,Shiyu,>makes an account>starts tutorial*crashes*0/10
,Recommended,444090,29847464,Posted: 11 February,all,Lenny,"This game is a great replacement for OW.Many people call it a ripoff, yet if they had their facts right they would knew paladins was first, and it wasnt... borked up by Hi-Rez's greed, that doesnt mean its bad.The devs really messed up the experience for people in the closed beta like me. I miss the menus, they felt a lot smoother and easier to locate through (at least for me), maps, various modes, and the feel itself, on steam it's a lot different.In the end i still love the game, and would like it even more if it didnt come out of the close beta, but i guess its better for Hi-rez, as my favorite game devs."
76561198253182462,Recommended,444090,29509168,Posted: 26 January,all,Chaotic,Love the game
76561198109004119,Recommended,444090,30125234,Posted: 23 February,all,Azoriaz,It's my favorite game ever !!
,Not Recommended,444090,30071561,Posted: 20 February,all,thicc,Unbalanced Overwatch of cheapskates.
,Not Recommended,444090,29861862,Posted: 11 February,all,Jesus,wow overwatch looks better on pc
,Recommended,444090,30174506,Posted: 25 February,all,Kruchenko,"Hi-Rez actually put effort into fixing the ""p2w issue"""
,Not Recommended,444090,29655050,Posted: 2 February,all,SPiFFY DOQ,"Boring Overwatch clone.Stick to SMITE, Hi-Rez."
,Not Recommended,444090,29679961,Posted: 3 February,all,NAPPA KNOW HOW!,just go play overwatch
76561198272963503,Not Recommended,444090,30047208,Posted: 19 February,all,Chaotic Chris,"Unbelievably difficult to even try to play. Errors left and right, not to mention the security message I got. Even if it wasn't a threat you would think a developer would fix something like that. I understand this is in beta, but please."
76561198362088620,Not Recommended,444090,29975940,Posted: 16 February,all,Bob101TheGreat,"This game looks and plays like a worse version of overwatch. However, I can forgive it because it is free and is very fun. Currently I have 10 hours and I only have 10 because of 1 major problem:I GET KICKED EVERY 2 GAMESWhen I want to play a game which happens fairly often, I will go and click play and then pick a game mode. When it finds a match, I join and it won't let me pick a hero. The first time this happens you only get 5 minutes banned which is fine, but then you try and play another game and it bans you for 30 minutes this time. Now you don't want to play the game anymore and just leave it until the next day until the same thing happens. I would recommend this game if it wasn't for this."
76561198299017695,Not Recommended,444090,30211805,Posted: 26 February,all,iriisaac13,"season 1 has completly unbalanced (and probobly killed) paladins, see you in Overwatch."
,Not Recommended,444090,30250439,Posted: 28 February,all,obodobear,Stop ruining the game when you update it
,Recommended,444090,29977503,Posted: 16 February,all,MrBrickfreak,"This game is pretty good. I say that in some ways this game is better than overwatch][I've got preordered version of overwatch and I played a lot of time, so I can compare this games in all ways]For example the speed is much faster and there is a lot of things which had been added from another shooters. Drogoz got 2 attacks combo which lookes like the pulse gun shots from UT1999. (there is a lot of many other things like this).If there is some free time, it is better to check this game out."
76561198254496807,Not Recommended,444090,30111344,Posted: 22 February,all,Fb|Haloblackops(Tenken),Thank you Hi Rev. Thank you so much for ruining a perfect game that I love so much with your OB 44 update. Months of grinding for coins and now its useless now that theres that other thing now. Removing the cards and put them as legendary makes it so unfair. Pay to win is what I'm seeing now. Sigh. Good game gone down the drain. So much potential.....GONE.
,Not Recommended,444090,30071446,Posted: 20 February,all,Rocklobsta11,i open the game press play and it doesnt run
76561198051774530,Not Recommended,444090,30121744,Posted: 23 February,all,Dildo Faggins,"Sadly Hi-Rez, developers of this game, want to make money out of core gameplay mechanics instead of creating cool cosmetics and dope stuff people would like to buy.OB44 made the game worse.Gameplay is fun, but if you want to make it your main game, go for something else."
76561198317308748,Not Recommended,444090,30121931,Posted: 23 February,all,MisterToasty,Halo Wars 2 is off the chain....Conan Exiles is savage....Paladins OB44 is steaming garbage....Get Paladins when they go back to the old card system.
,Recommended,444090,30112725,Posted: 22 February,all,FN-01_Sn3k,"Now I've written a review about this game before. Its a great game and I love it, better then Overwatch (Which ive played). I honestly don't care if they think of it as a copy, it's still a good game.Pros-Good Amount of characters-Spacious Maps-Mounts (To carry you around the map when respawned)-Card System (Buffs your character)-Competitive-Good community (Rarely see any toxic people)-Unicorns?Cons-A terrible Essance System (A new type of currency that is hard to get for new players)-Little lore-Some overpowered characters-You'll die a lot (For new players)-A lot of tryhards in casual instead of competitiveLong Story Short: Gud geme wud ple agun 11/10 IGN ratings"
76561198069608191,Not Recommended,444090,29811790,Posted: 9 February,all,mmanmman,"If you put an elephant on one side of a seesaw and a mouse on the other, it would still be more balanced than this piece of **** game."
,Recommended,444090,29428439,Posted: 22 January,all,Feanominal,Overwatch for free... YES
76561198204903801,Not Recommended,444090,29535557,Posted: 27 January,all,clockti,fun and balanced
,Not Recommended,444090,30216700,Posted: 27 February,all,TRICKSTER,"I had been Playing this game for more than 2 months now,  filled with 80% cheaters."
,Not Recommended,444090,29653847,Posted: 2 February,all,BartjeB,rip-off
76561198132955829,Not Recommended,444090,29791310,Posted: 8 February,all,Krex,"Can't seem to play, game crashes everytime i load a map aside the one in the tutorial,also if i select a few characters aside viktor it crashes"
,Not Recommended,444090,30131851,Posted: 23 February,all,SiNNiR,"+++++++  AVOID  +++++++Recently there has been a flood of aimbotters and hackers, this game is no longer fun.Latest patch OB44 has made the game Pay to Win.Please take this post seriously."
,Not Recommended,444090,30038161,Posted: 19 February,all,Whittyz,meh
,Recommended,444090,30054611,Posted: 20 February,all,Bobbyx Qrwa Mac,It is an overwatch ripoff ahaha xdalso installs spyware on your computer ^^aks d2010 comes after 20140/10
76561198318900015,Not Recommended,444090,29629794,Posted: 1 February,all,E・N・D,MAeve is a gay♥♥♥♥♥♥that is ugly af no 1 likes her mom and joshua handsome guy to me and also xiankai is bad as maeve so please nerf maeve
,Recommended,444090,29445468,Posted: 23 January,all,Killa 「EC」,Similar to OverWatchBest game and adicted!!!
,Recommended,444090,29445122,Posted: 23 January,all,zrna,great game
76561198049931937,Not Recommended,444090,29734361,Posted: 5 February,all,how to play this,"I have never seen such ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ account making process.It kees saying your email is already in use no matter how many emails you give them.Its like it collects emails to spam your mail with ads instead of creating an actual account.Cant judge the gameplay only from the videos, cheap version of OW.Wanted to give it a shot but oh well ♥♥♥♥ it, you dont wanna let me create an account? k bye"
76561198106136388,Recommended,444090,29434110,Posted: 22 January,all,Carnies11,Is gud game if overwatch dies in nuclear holocaust. ~~(-_-)~~
76561198325897496,Recommended,444090,29757084,Posted: 7 February,all,H2121,this is better than overwatchi don't think it can get any better
,Recommended,444090,29757886,Posted: 7 February,all,BlonDee,"This game is really cool. Such a insteresting characters,"
,Recommended,444090,29683094,Posted: 3 February,all,Alexander4488,beats overwatch.
76561198194937890,Recommended,444090,29879417,Posted: 12 February,all,TimmyMc csgolive.com,Its like Overwatch but a bit less quality is put into the game. Overwatch fans you will love this game. Overall AMAZING
,Not Recommended,444090,29861970,Posted: 11 February,all,csoffer.me  tradeskinsfast.com,ITS GETTING TOXIC
76561198290267625,Not Recommended,444090,29726572,Posted: 5 February,all,AND,cel mai prost joc din lume
,Recommended,444090,30129258,Posted: 23 February,all,BlueImperial,"I love the game, I love the developers.They make mistakes, yes. But they react to them and are very responsive to the community, they event come onto the Paladins discord every now and then and join in for a chat, even a voice chat sometimes.Ignore the spammed ""OB44 RUINED IT"", OB44 has only just been released. It needs fine tuning and fixes, but thats expected... it is OPEN BETA 44 after all. Let them fix and react to the community. They've been known to scrap stuff if they find out its just not working.But honestly the massive increase in negative reviews when the patch hasn't even been live for more than 2 days is just plain silly."
,Recommended,444090,30182715,Posted: 25 February,all,Kimchi,shut up its free!
76561198194307707,Recommended,444090,30182727,Posted: 25 February,all,El Duderino,"If you are reading this review then I recommend you to try this game out! I love this game and has been addicted playing it ever since I installed the game.Do not listen to this cry babies about the recent patch OB 44. Hi-Rez made it so that you will have something to spend your gold on once you reach as certain time where you already purchased all that is purchaseable by gold. Most of the high level players say that they have so much gold that they have nothing to spend it to, now Hi-Rez added a new feature on essences and everyone is losing their minds. People are never satisfied. Anyway, Hi-Rez also added many new mechanics to their champoins and added nerfs and buffs side-by-side which should highly be mentioned about this recent OB 44 patch. I believe that Hi-Rez is right on track in improving this game. They have been spoon feeding the whole paladins communtiy with a ton of free essence and even giving a x2 event on gold and exp with the recent patch. I made few micro transactions to support the game myself because I believe that the devs deserve it.Now all you losers who down voted the game just play the damn game and stop complaining, it is a free game!"
,Recommended,444090,30203118,Posted: 26 February,all,LewisOHH,"Very Good Game To Play With Friends And To Rank Up, It's Very Competitive But There's No Salt, Would Recommend To Anyone :D"
,Not Recommended,444090,29864888,Posted: 11 February,all,★S20★,"recommended to play at least 5 matchall champs are fun but only for the 5 match1. EAC is the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t2. Server is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t3. Beta but feels like early test pre-alpha version 0.00.0014. server is bullsh!t5. Have fun smashing that ""Play"" button6. Game will kick or freeze ur game"
76561198290050176,Recommended,444090,29429599,Posted: 22 January,all,Ruski Kid,A lot of people call it an Overwatch clone. And what i say to those people:-Just because the Champion are the familiar doesn't meawn it a clone.
,Recommended,444090,29583514,Posted: 30 January,all,TheGrimmyGamer,Overwatch for poor people.10/10
,Recommended,444090,29650075,Posted: 2 February,all,me,I play all day long.
,Recommended,444090,30037362,Posted: 19 February,all,BOTlore,"It's basically a free, faster, less-chaotic and more balanced version of Overwatch, with characters who play different in good ways, you can't go wrong with that.Was actually in closed-beta in 2015."
76561198072979461,Not Recommended,444090,30048580,Posted: 19 February,all,Pugdog13,just a very bad game. If you want something like overwatch just get overwatch
,Recommended,444090,29416097,Posted: 22 January,all,VeNoXmX,You wanted to try Overwatch? Here you go.
76561198144371397,Recommended,444090,30178636,Posted: 25 February,all,ADI THE HUMAN,Nice graphics and excelent gameplay.
,Recommended,444090,30077620,Posted: 21 February,all,Exodus -M-,- Even If I got 10fps on csgo normally but i got around 30 fps good for those people that have poor pc- :P Fun than overwatch  i think
,Recommended,444090,29477777,Posted: 24 January,all,@rage,"Fun game""mum can i use your credit card to get overwatch?""""no""""ok"""
,Not Recommended,444090,30129695,Posted: 23 February,all,Electronic Supersonic Yogurt,Pay 2 Win...
76561198180528278,Recommended,444090,30203925,Posted: 26 February,all,Matitronix,Its Cool
,Not Recommended,444090,29598453,Posted: 30 January,all,daemonspawnz,Just pay for Overwatch.EditDo you speak spanish?Do you wish for obviously imbalenced trash gameplay by a game dev thats just in it for the micro transactions?Then THIS IS FOR YOU!
,Not Recommended,444090,25701684,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Rylo,"Dont know why they would decide to release on steam with servers like this. Its going to drive many people away like me.Playing in Australia I have yet to actually play a game that wasnt 3-400 ping because the game instantly puts me in another server rather than waiting for an Australian game, It makes it pretty much unplayable and definitely unenjoyable."
76561198166414703,Not Recommended,444090,29840892,Posted: 10 February,all,Sherlock,"Accounts are ard to set up, even with google and facebook and they never get it right. But the overall game is just okay, but any computer can run it."
,Recommended,444090,29479328,Posted: 25 January,all,Wumbo,nice game moba fps
,Recommended,444090,30247046,Posted: 28 February,all,punkass,Paladins? No.. Just Overwatch free to play.
,Not Recommended,444090,29422050,Posted: 22 January,all,[सुन] Jashfuk👌,♥♥♥♥♥Game♥♥♥♥♥♥Graphics Doesnt even let me login wish I never downloaded this game its just a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥Dont download it its just a rip off of Overwatch
76561198147963209,Not Recommended,444090,29598888,Posted: 30 January,all,Free Real Estate,refefe
,Recommended,444090,29480343,Posted: 25 January,all,✪Jack #RageQuit,very good game I recommend!
76561198067418808,Not Recommended,444090,29480759,Posted: 25 January,all,simeon527,"Installs malware/spyware that runs even when the game is both closed and uninstalled.gameplay-wise: it's not the worst overwatch clone but character balance is not there, level design is pointless because theres only one object/zone that both teams need to secure to be victorious so everyones in the same ""lane"", no need to deviate or split up which makes stealth characters trivial outside of their non-stealth abilities.Aimbots are real and sometimes get you through walls."
,Recommended,444090,29757768,Posted: 7 February,all,Dani929,overwatch for poor people
76561198008302916,Recommended,444090,25579693,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,dirtyCAT,"What is not to like.Fun, polished and well balaned class based shooter.Sure it copies some elements from Overwatch - but this is a free to play version that manages not to be pay to win and runs on OSX as well.Its also filled with more enjoyable players. Overwatch community are a bunch of people who take themselves far too seriously while this game is actually fun to play.... as the commenter of this review has now proven for me. Twice. Thank you very much sir.(Edited the bit about free to play so that people on the spectrum can't pick holes in it)"
76561198168667862,Recommended,444090,30130149,Posted: 23 February,all,Kibomeister,Nice game!
,Recommended,444090,29580261,Posted: 29 January,all,Aimbotexe | trade.tf,ok
,Not Recommended,444090,30153718,Posted: 24 February,all,Senior..Citizen Slimber,I tried it and it kept saying the launcher needed to update. I updated the launcher and it just did the same thing.
,Not Recommended,444090,30183868,Posted: 25 February,all,Undead | Pvpro.com,"this game sux like a raccoon, fml never download it ty"
,Not Recommended,444090,30240469,Posted: 28 February,all,Mr. Nice Guy,thanks for ruining a great game by EAC.
,Not Recommended,444090,30206034,Posted: 26 February,all,[impact] Aggrasive412,having played this game for so long and seeing this fall so hard makes me sad....i recommended this game to everyone and i got more than 10 people playing to this date  and now with the huge massive FPS drops lag spikes and the dreaded OB 44 essence system i dont know what to do. I still love the game and i support it but please hi rez fix the problems and issue the main problem as the large FPS drops and just please remove or fix the essence system i know you are trying to make money but this isnt the way at all to do this.For now i can say i recommend this game to new players. this hurts me to say this but i am sorry
,Recommended,444090,30250295,Posted: 28 February,all,Moneystack,♥♥♥♥ overwatch. Heres what paladins does better
76561198089357993,Not Recommended,444090,29890667,Posted: 12 February,all,LusT,"Let's be honest, nobody would ever play this mess of a game if it wasn't free..."
,Not Recommended,444090,29506308,Posted: 26 January,all,abio,Game Is like my♥♥♥♥♥♥ugly and ♥♥♥♥ing disgusting
,Recommended,444090,29929748,Posted: 14 February,all,dan k memes(merch link in bio),10/10 im dan
,Not Recommended,444090,29810927,Posted: 9 February,all,Yasmin.Silvan,At the begining i liked the game because is a free Overwatch but with time I was borred of the game this game need more maps and more gamemodes not only new champions but in my opinion this game worth playing because is same with Overwatch a free overwatch for people's who can not afford to buy overwatch because is expensive but me I'm bored of this game note of this game(in my opinion) is 7/10 because developers in updates add more mouch heroes instead of new gamemodes or maps etc.
76561198337198530,Recommended,444090,29783037,Posted: 8 February,all,OP Chicken Nuget,the game is great!!! it is a copy of cs but is a cool game. the only problem is the full screen. they could surly work on that u cant see all the screen but it is not that bad.
,Recommended,444090,30060894,Posted: 20 February,all,Draconis Nox,"Well where to begin on this. People keep comparing this to Overwatch. We can compare Doom, Quake, and Unreal if you want, since they are in the same ganre.Firstly the bad that I know ALL FPS players of any skill will hate:♥♥♥♥♥♥playerbase. Its not the count, its the  typical attitude these kids have today. Everything is everyone elses fault and it has to be said openly. Worse part is Im doing it now too! But honestly, they are ALL so bad at playing FPS you can consider every player in Paladins rank 500 bronze Overwatch players without being even close to wrong. Its that bad.-Bossy ellitist types with no skill or rank/time played to back up their ""knowledge"".-Cringe worthy voice acting on a good many of the characters. Some fit, most are like the awkward guy in the corner making beeping noises at his sock puppet he used to jack off with.-Everyone thinks they can solo the world.-Demanding comp mode with no real way to choose your team. DOTA style round robin, where only one hero of any kind can be chosen. If the other team picks Ying, for example, your team willnot be allowed to pick her.-No actual way to determin what your rank is in comp as far as I could tell.-Worse players in comp than in casual. Casual FPS players are a stain on all life and humanity. A ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ waste of♥♥♥♥♥♥poor aim, lack of tactical know how, and zero team play or assistance. This game has worse players than Overwatch. BE AWARE OF THAT BEFORE YOU PLAY. I literally stood in the middle of the map and gunned down a whole team with a healer. There was no risk at all to it.♥♥♥♥♥♥poor menus filled with cash shop/credit buys at every glance. Mostly cosmetics but seriously...leave the store♥♥♥♥♥♥in the store section, or why the ♥♥♥♥ even have a store at all? Right?♥♥♥♥♥♥poor menus with no explanation IN GAME as to where things are and what to do with them. You need an external guide to even know there is a ""card"" system and wtf its even for.♥♥♥♥♥♥poor menus in general. Everything looks like Microsoft Cortona ♥♥♥♥ed a freeware iApp.-Crap 29 tick servers.The good:-Its easy to get into and fairly fast paced with characters taht feel more balanced than that pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥Overwatch. It doesnt have the butchery that Blizzard is well accustomed to giving players, and none of the characters feel pathetic and weak like Overwatchs all do. Solo ults can literally win the game for your team, which makes all characters useful, even in dire situations.-Skill and good aim PAY OFF in this game. There is a TON of auto correction built in to mannage the games ping compensation. Take advantage of it by being a skilled player and detroying everyone with head shots constantly!-Fun characters.-Small maps with lots of multiple pathways and go-arounds.-Interesting character design. Not stuck to the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ry of everything must be human. Lots of fantasy aspects and reminds me of Torchlight in its style.-Lots of cosmetics and pseronalization.-Customize how your character plays with 'cards' (slightly). Having a rocket boost with Drogoz is fun, but having one when your low on health every time is great.-Matches dont last 20 minutes. No ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t with overtime for an hour, no cart crap for days. Its done quick and fairly with no scratchign for that last % to 100.Dont knwo what else to tell you. The game is fairly bare bones. They will probably spend more time and money on cosmetic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t than more characters or maps to be honest. Its good for a bit of fun. I liked it enough to drop a few coins in and get a nice Drogoz outfit for myself. Aside from that, dont expect long term or engaging game play like older FPS games have."
,Not Recommended,444090,29409993,Posted: 21 January,all,Fishtard,The devs are terrible at balancing. Fix Skye pls.
76561198140885501,Not Recommended,444090,29709290,Posted: 4 February,all,史蒂夫·哈維,it's ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥it wont let me make an account
,Not Recommended,444090,29680867,Posted: 3 February,all,Bintang Terang,"If anyone play want cooperative and copetitive game, I'm not recomendation this game."
76561198080714435,Recommended,444090,29508126,Posted: 26 January,all,Russia is my city,If u like overwatch or tf2 u like this too ow without tryhard and tf2 without hats.
,Recommended,444090,29428664,Posted: 22 January,all,Tito Sniberb,"Good game, its an Overwatch but free, 7/10"
,Not Recommended,444090,30201236,Posted: 26 February,all,Unicorn Man_Puppet,Pay 2 Win.
,Not Recommended,444090,30146699,Posted: 24 February,all,Jmthebigman,"With OB44 they changed somethings, not complaining about that.But for mastering champions youd get chests.For those that got to those ranks already are getting screwed. No chests anymore after a certain gorup got theirs.Now we get Essence in an amount which is way lower than the average reward.Not to mention those that bought Boosters so chests would give more got extra shafted. As am I.Not the first time they shafted people that supported the game by buying stuff.I recommend the game, but I also recommend NEVER to spend a dime."
,Not Recommended,444090,29525573,Posted: 27 January,all,Weblr,This is easier than making a ♥♥♥♥ing steam account.
,Not Recommended,444090,28773332,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,V.PUPKIN,"Matchmaking levels: you can be MVP everytime but still lose 10 games in a rowBalance levels: everyone has got a ♥♥♥♥♥on of HP and DMG, except for you and your teamCommunication levels: [S H I T S Y S T E M] I am the greatest!Art levels: [TEMPORARY ART]Map levels: what is this even"
,Recommended,444090,30165010,Posted: 25 February,all,Omniscient✴,"it is a great game, and the developers are also paying good attention towards the community.... +1 recommend !"
,Recommended,444090,25597208,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,DpTheSaint,"I know many of you will not like this review, but i actually enjoy play this, i think it's better then overwatch imo."
,Recommended,444090,30176327,Posted: 25 February,all,mApY,Nice
76561198154629069,Recommended,444090,28417844,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,kniff808,"Fantastic free to play game.  You don't need to spend a dime if you don't want, or you can just buy every character that's locked.  The cool thing is the locked ones aren't any better, just different mechanics and ways of doing their role.A lot of times you'll get put with noobs and it's kind of annoying, but play, make some friends and party up when you play.  Makes it A LOT less of a headache."
76561198186324741,Recommended,444090,30250094,Posted: 28 February,all,Dylonkey,This is an error x
,Recommended,444090,29817933,Posted: 9 February,all,Klasyer,"After the overwatch open beta and playing some battleborn, i downloaded this game to give it a try.All the stereotypes aside, and without opening the dabate of overwatch VS paladins(paladins wins), i want  recomned this game to any one that just looking for some fun and challange.I do suggest to anyone one that decided to download the game, to take in mind that take game is still in early access state, even though in my opioin the state of the game right now is really good.but with all my love to the game, there is always flows - nothing is perfect. Unfortuanatly there are some toxic player, and people that go afk/troll, there is some imbalance in some champions, but that is expected to happen.So for the people that dont want to read my too long explanation here are thepros and cons:Pros:Fun and fast gameplayDifferent style of gameplay for each characterNon stopping upgades and twicks for the gameMostly good peopleCons:Some toxic peoplePartly unbalancedStill in developmentAnd for the only thing that you acctauly should care about.Should you play paladins?YES"
76561198263764541,Recommended,444090,30155933,Posted: 24 February,all,thrboxingcopt,its really good
,Recommended,444090,30156638,Posted: 24 February,all,Rexoris,nice gameeeeeee
76561198176692427,Recommended,444090,30158901,Posted: 24 February,all,AlmondZAlmondZ,Good team game to play with your friends
76561198198420995,Recommended,444090,29919471,Posted: 14 February,all,jipa.sebastian,"Best free game I have ever played. Even if it is in beta the servers and the game itself are very stable. I enjoyed every single minute played, 100% recommend."
,Recommended,444090,29653191,Posted: 2 February,all,fucking kiska,good game
,Recommended,444090,29707284,Posted: 4 February,all,Shaggy #MrBombastic,Overwatch for poor ppl :-)
76561198152562157,Recommended,444090,29681839,Posted: 3 February,all,okbb | 芬恩,Very fun game highly recomend
,Recommended,444090,29627343,Posted: 1 February,all,VoltMother69,rhgyjnf
,Recommended,444090,29862591,Posted: 11 February,all,Mishary Rashid Al-Afasy,plz nerf
,Recommended,444090,29502376,Posted: 26 January,all,Carno | RL Modder,-.Can I buy Overwatch?-No son.-Okay.
76561198272124614,Recommended,444090,29739756,Posted: 6 February,all,Ciprian,gg
,Recommended,444090,30047693,Posted: 19 February,all,Choco Nuts,"How can you see into my eyes, like open doorsLeading you down into my coreWhere I've become so numb, without a soulMy spirit's sleeping somewhere coldUntil you find it there and lead it back homeWake me up, wake me up inside I can't wake up,Wake me up inside, save me,Call my name and save me from the dark, wake me upBid my blood to run, I can't wake upBefore I come undone, save meSave me from the nothing I've becomeNow that I know what I'm withoutYou can't just leave meBreathe into me and make me real, bring me to lifeWake me up, wake me up inside I can't wake up,Wake me up inside, save me,Call my name and save me from the dark, wake me upBid my blood to run, I can't wake upBefore I come undone, save meSave me from the nothing I've becomeBring me to life, I've been living a lieThere's nothing inside, bring me to lifeFrozen inside without your touchWithout your love, darlingOnly you are the life among the deadAll this time, I can't believe I couldn't seeKept in the dark, but you were there in front of meI've been sleeping a thousand years it seemsI've got to open my eyes to everythingWithout a thought, without a voice, without a soulDon't let me die hereThere must be something wrong, bring me to lifeWake me up, wake me up inside I can't wake up,Wake me up inside, save me,Call my name and save me from the dark, wake me upBid my blood to run, I can't wake upBefore I come undone, save meSave me from the nothing I've becomeBring me to life, I've been living a lie, there's nothing inside"
76561198259539842,Recommended,444090,29543986,Posted: 28 January,all,3DGAMER,"Something like Overwatch style , bit better cause ofc it is free :D xD"
76561198233012204,Recommended,444090,29852952,Posted: 11 February,all,Mr.Mudkip,Amzing
,Recommended,444090,29859759,Posted: 11 February,all,TurboPlayz [TP],"Nice game, its really fun. Some people say that this is a copy of Overwatch. But actually Paladins came before Overwatch, this game has cards in it and you can customize your champion, like skins, Loadout. So this game is totally worth it!"
,Recommended,444090,29636926,Posted: 1 February,all,JJ Jet Plane,10/10 Amazing Game
,Recommended,444090,30040895,Posted: 19 February,all,Keized,"Bit similar to Overwatch, but still enjoying and fun to interact with friends and others as well. Even though it can be similar to Overwatch I still recommend it, you still enjoy the game :)"
76561198298381223,Recommended,444090,29780174,Posted: 8 February,all,ΔҜIRΔ,Nice game 10/10
,Recommended,444090,29557663,Posted: 28 January,all,Onion,"In HunieCam Studio players take control of a sleazy cam girl operation. Rake in stacks of filthy internet money and attract as many disgusting fans as you can in this fast paced, click happy and thoroughly perverted take on the business tycoon / management sim genre!User reviews:RECENT:	Very Positive (98 reviews)OVERALL:	Very Positive (2,034 reviews)Release Date: Apr 4, 2016Popular user-defined tags for this product:Mature Nudity Simulation Management Anime +Tags you've applied to this product:+ Add your own tags"
,Recommended,444090,30206659,Posted: 26 February,all,R3tardOmega,Good
,Recommended,444090,30240216,Posted: 28 February,all,Ibzan,It's a really good game an FPS Moba with good game mechanicsbut...I wouldn't recommend it for newcomers because this patch (OB44)brings in a new so called essence third currency hard to obtain.With them you can buy legendary cards which you can use to change certain aspects of a Champion.but for every champion there are three and you get only one of them for free. The other ones you gotta buy with essence and it is not only expensive but hard to get aswellbut...Im sure they will change it or delete the essence system at some point.
,Recommended,444090,30213145,Posted: 26 February,all,Kana | NVT,Great game. Overwatch like and it's FREE
76561198260581090,Not Recommended,444090,29734131,Posted: 5 February,all,Admiral.,I can't make a hi-Rez account
,Recommended,444090,29908264,Posted: 13 February,all,For the Queen,"free to play overwatchi like itand the thing is, i hate overwatch10/10"
76561198259102661,Recommended,444090,29970182,Posted: 16 February,all,Blue boy,awsome
76561198179966329,Recommended,444090,30224379,Posted: 27 February,all,theozsz,"nice, but have a lot of bugs"
76561198116237312,Recommended,444090,29566680,Posted: 29 January,all,Nova1652,"before you say this a clone of overwatch it kinda is kinda isn't. most of the characters and abilities are original and one character is mixed with another, androxus aka mcreaper. but anyway I enjoy this game and its really fun soooooo, give it a chance. plz"
76561198007601750,Recommended,444090,29479639,Posted: 25 January,all,RustigMan,So cool Gunning with VictorIt s fun and easyFree :)
76561198188760827,Recommended,444090,29510625,Posted: 26 January,all,SNEEZY_THUNDER_(U_U),VERY NICE GAME
,Recommended,444090,30004615,Posted: 18 February,all,gamingismyfood,I like this game because there a lot of characters
,Recommended,444090,30228464,Posted: 27 February,all,✪ Goose -iwnl-,"Herro my name is Noodle Shop and i'm writing a review for Paladins!Now i ised to hate this game as i sucked at it, lagged all the time and couldn't do♥♥♥♥♥♥with it, so i quit. I deleted the game from my library and never thought about it till now, when i was bored of CS:GO and TF2, I decided that i would give Paladins a second chance so i did. I saw they recently released an update so i was not super pumped but boy was i about to have so much fun. I love playing Tyra, i feel like she's a female Victor but with no sprinting, but like Victor she dishes out a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of damage and i'm talking like a metric ♥♥♥♥-ton so in a way its kinda like the scout in CS:GO."
,Recommended,444090,29967993,Posted: 16 February,all,Uppity,paladins and overwatchsame same but differentUpdate: but still same
,Recommended,444090,30206489,Posted: 26 February,all,Dr. Waa V2,"now guys, this is not a clone of overwatch okay. I know everyone already said that but this game was in development BEFORE overwatch, sooooooo yeah. man im not good at reviews"
,Recommended,444090,29780564,Posted: 8 February,all,✪ ۞G۞E۞N۞O۞S,Loving how Skye's boobs bounces everytime I walk.
76561198135794904,Recommended,444090,29988122,Posted: 17 February,all,gOOgle Master,This game is the best not pay to win guysto the newbies who play this you will have fun.....P.S practice and dont be cancer LOL HAHAHAHAH joke
,Recommended,444090,30103866,Posted: 22 February,all,Clued Kenre,<3
,Recommended,444090,30106754,Posted: 22 February,all,EhanKroco,"perfect game but i can't get key for redeem skin Team Fortress 2 Barik, i don't know why, i already play on steam right? how to do that, sorry for my bad english"
,Recommended,444090,29530148,Posted: 27 January,all,Dan,Since everybody is saying this is overwatch for poor people im gonna say xd for comedic effects. XD
76561198162492091,Recommended,444090,30103937,Posted: 22 February,all,noam539,666
,Recommended,444090,30104252,Posted: 22 February,all,[PRS] Xaizyk,Fajne
76561198360059238,Recommended,444090,30104366,Posted: 22 February,all,petio,Thats is a good game isnstal!
,Recommended,444090,30104104,Posted: 22 February,all,zoro light,best free to play game which dont make u sick of noobs and wont increase ur blood pressure like dota and csgo
76561198105660676,Recommended,444090,29460363,Posted: 24 January,all,❤ Sophia ❤,"Hey everyone, if you can't afford Overwatch, but hey, You sure want it.Hop on to Paladins, this game features the exact same concept and character actions.You main roadhog? Dont worry there is a turtle with a hook and a shot gun.Oh you wanted Junkrat, Dont you f*cking worry, you can diddly find that here."
,Recommended,444090,29461301,Posted: 24 January,all,Killar13,"This Game is great! If you want to play overwatch for free, this is it. This game met and even exceeded my expectations. I enjoy the addition of character customization and like that you can get items without spending money. I would recommend this game to anyone on any day!"
,Recommended,444090,29461333,Posted: 24 January,all,Nickons,its a rl good game well made and its free . i recommend it a lot !!! what i hope for the future is more characters to play with
,Recommended,444090,29464033,Posted: 24 January,all,Pablo Diskobar™,I like everthing about this game
,Recommended,444090,29454743,Posted: 23 January,all,fars_0001,It's addictive
76561198207922232,Recommended,444090,29454871,Posted: 23 January,all,Scootch,great game fairly well-balanced. 9/10
,Recommended,444090,29461609,Posted: 24 January,all,mitch,"I really like this game, and how hirez did for this game"
76561198211631169,Not Recommended,444090,29459407,Posted: 24 January,all,Hitori Okami,the game keep logging you out :(
76561198126598886,Recommended,444090,30116637,Posted: 23 February,all,✪ RicK ✪ ImFearless,9/10
,Recommended,444090,30102967,Posted: 22 February,all,why.so.serious?,Nais
,Recommended,444090,29858449,Posted: 11 February,all,Baysbol,Good game but by overwatch when you can
76561198256246147,Not Recommended,444090,29858514,Posted: 11 February,all,Nova,♥♥♥♥ this game i can even login this♥♥♥♥♥♥fix game pls
76561198070988066,Recommended,444090,29096651,Posted: 7 January,all,Conker,"More fun and more rewarding than Overwatch, just dont play anyone that uses a shotgun, because they are terrible."
,Recommended,444090,29673416,Posted: 3 February,all,Wlfvenom,"Comparing this game to Overwatch is not really fair on Overwatch because this game has ""Pip"" and Overwatch doesn't.  Enough said.9/10"
76561198277627964,Recommended,444090,30157615,Posted: 24 February,all,sambowambo1,this game is very fun and a good sub to overwatch and tf2. one of the only downfall is you have to pay money to get the casmetics you want or it takes very long to grind them out.
,Recommended,444090,30060044,Posted: 20 February,all,Unusuall,"9/10 would recommendThis is a really good Steam game, with it being free. It is not only good for that, though. It has great graphics that run smooth, good characters, and pretty okay gameplay. I don't like the payload stuff and other things in gameplay. It needs team deathmatch or a single weapon match. But overall, it is a great game that is hard to stop playing, and I really recommend it. Hah, see? I said I would recommend it, and I did. So go and play it!"
76561198330457986,Recommended,444090,30228784,Posted: 27 February,all,Squid Girl,"Like Overwatch?You WILL Like ThisHate Overwatch?TRY ThisAddicting?YesBetter With Friends?100%Overwatch Clone?A FREE Overwatch, INSPERATION Not CopyNot Enough Stuff?Remember Its In BETA So There Is Much More To ComeNOW GO HAVE FUN!10/10"
,Recommended,444090,30176347,Posted: 25 February,all,itsrohm69,This game is so fun. I have yet to play Overwatch but i love this game. 10/10
76561198305814467,Recommended,444090,30155768,Posted: 24 February,all,Box,HEY! THAT ARE THE PERTY KUEL!:3:;3;3;3;3;3;3;3;3;3;3;3;3;3;3;3;3hahahahahahahahahahahahahahababhabhabhabahbahbahbahabahbahbahabhabbahbahbahbahbahbahbahbahbahbahbahbahbahabhababhababhhabbahahabbababhabahbabbahbahbahbahbahbah
,Recommended,444090,30156205,Posted: 24 February,all,GREYSFUL,"I really like this game. Have been playing since patch, ob34. The patch OB44? I dont care about it, it gives more balance to the characters. Like Kinessa's increased damaged and Bomb King's demolition card? They have such big hitbox, to all the crybabies who just can't get over to the ITS THE SAME GAME WITH OBJECTIVE AND TEAMWORK! WHAT DID THEY CHANGE ABOUT IT!? They just added a system that can hopefully help old players with complaining about underpowered characters and new players to learn all about it."
76561198329866035,Not Recommended,444090,29458671,Posted: 24 January,all,"""KAPITAN_TUTAN""",ONE THE EARLY PALADINS I CAN PLAY. BUT NOW I CAN'T IT ALWAYS DISCONNECTED ME AND I DON'T KNOW WHY I THINK IT WAS THE ANTI CHEAT SYSTEM
,Recommended,444090,29900148,Posted: 13 February,all,Mie place sarmale,Its a best game on im played on my lifr but please add more sexy girls in game
,Recommended,444090,30204836,Posted: 26 February,all,coulton05,"It is a great game, it is basically kinda like overwatch (never played it) so i play this instead but my friends (IM TALKING ABOUT YOU GRAHAM) say that it is trash and i say i dont have 40$ because i dont have money growing on trees. i kinda went a little too personal so its a great game and you should check it out"
76561198345605081,Recommended,444090,30204961,Posted: 26 February,all,Bot _404 Skinhub.com,10/10 one of da best games i ever played.At least its not paid to win
,Recommended,444090,29862297,Posted: 11 February,all,Carelski,"It has log in problem after you register but the game is great, I don't get it on EAC Issue but I never bought any skins on that game so no problemo to me...."
,Recommended,444090,29862393,Posted: 11 February,all,FarranN,"Pretty good game, definetly try it out if cant afford overwatch. In some cases, it does things better than overwatch so good game"
,Recommended,444090,29575195,Posted: 29 January,all,Renpsie 羡,You have a good thing going on this this it is a epic game I cannot wait for the full version! keep it up! i find this game fun and epic but mostly some character need to be nerfed like viktor and torvald... not more to say but just a cool game and hope to see it progress in the future!
,Recommended,444090,29825509,Posted: 10 February,all,Ma¥oNaka,Im still mad about this that it copies Overwatch but if you can't afford Overwatch then it is good to play.
76561198097331122,Recommended,444090,29775382,Posted: 7 February,all,Psycho Floom,This game has made hours feel like minutes with its fun and different play style to most games. It is a great game with fun characters and provides hours of entertainment.
76561198046236836,Recommended,444090,30006660,Posted: 18 February,all,AlbertTheCunt,"This is a very fun game.Played it for 96 hours outside of steam.The only thing that could be immproved is the Anti-Cheat.Other than that the game is amazing.12/10 would fap to game boobies againEDIT:I've seen a lot of people ♥♥♥♥♥ about the new essence system for no reason.At first the system was broken yes, but Hi-Rez fixed itIt seemed pay2win at first but playing the game for 2 hours i have already accumalted enough for a legendary,(also getting a legendary from chests)The sytsem is very much grind 2win.The only way to get essence is to open chest and chest are opened with gold(the non-premium currency)not to mention that the people posting negative reviews havent played the game since OB 44 so dont listen to those people.Just try the game out and then judge if it is P2W by yourself"
76561198361530594,Recommended,444090,30201221,Posted: 26 February,all,Wolfe,I love everyting thing in this game it is very fun and enjoyable and so what if its built like Overwatch (which it actually isn't really only the heros resemble overwatch characters) many other games literally copy Overwatch! This game is so fun I highly recommend it fro FPS players
,Recommended,444090,29607314,Posted: 31 January,all,Dangerous Daniel,All we are is energy
76561198185532406,Recommended,444090,29730967,Posted: 5 February,all,Trippa9011,Its fun mmkay
,Recommended,444090,30073727,Posted: 20 February,all,eRa Spectre,"Really fun game, it's Overwatch for broke people and I'm happily broke. Lowkey best game I played in the past 2 years."
,Recommended,444090,29893117,Posted: 12 February,all,JARTSA,"Everyone who is reading these reviews just to tell people that Overwatch is better can leave now. I'm simply going to give my opinions here. So, to start off, yes, Paladins is extremely similar to OW, but guess what - Paladins is free-to-play. It has a casual and a competitive mode, from which I prefer casual since this isn't exactly the optimal try-hard game, at least for me. The casual mode isn't really that different from competitive, and Paladins actually has something that CS:GO is lacking - 5v5 casual. You level up fairly quickly by simply just playing the game. If 5v5 against real players feels too hard, you can always switch back to playing against bots with 4 other people in your team. The cosmetic customizations require gold, which you acquire by playing the game, or from crates which you can get by levelling up. You can, of course, buy gold or gems with real money, but you can also take the daily reward, which raises every day to a certain point. This game is more fun with friend(s), and the game actually gives you an XP/gold boost for playing in a party with your friends. In the beginning you have a pretty nice amount of champions to choose from, plus there is a wide array of other champions that you can buy with gold/gems. You level your champions up by playing them ingame. In conclusion, I'd call this a more casual version of Overwatch. Somehow, it also reminds me of Loadout quite a lot. 9/10"
76561198071189953,Recommended,444090,29996043,Posted: 17 February,all,Furian,"Excellent game, and excellent coop game"
76561198241358774,Recommended,444090,29423906,Posted: 22 January,all,chocolate turtle,it keeps saying failed to luanch i try every video and fix i can but nothing work ;-; AND IT LOOKS SO FUN :CCCCCC
,Recommended,444090,29589804,Posted: 30 January,all,OhNoes,Free overwatch with player/character levels and custom skills? I likes.
76561198315201261,Recommended,444090,29680321,Posted: 3 February,all,DănuţAurel.exe,cool
,Recommended,444090,29697250,Posted: 4 February,all,2115,I like turtles!!!
76561198072022996,Recommended,444090,29755006,Posted: 6 February,all,Jen,started playing this game yesterday and i got really hooked into it.
,Recommended,444090,29699758,Posted: 4 February,all,The Hero From Radisani,Are memes an instrument?
,Recommended,444090,29726164,Posted: 5 February,all,Temper,Good Game!
,Recommended,444090,29415495,Posted: 21 January,all,xXThunderFightXx,this game kinda reminds me of overwatch.... its cheaper
,Not Recommended,444090,29419295,Posted: 22 January,all,popomu elleme götümü eşeleme,This game is just not ready for good players. So much bugs and noob players around the world. You just cant get the satisfaction out of it by playing the same role all the time cuz no one picks a sup. or front. etc... Dont play this thing at this moment of development.
76561198186601826,Recommended,444090,29474893,Posted: 24 January,all,NGS | Coconut Head,"I love this game. I main Skye and I just have to say:1. She is hot and funny.2. She doesn't panic when she's on fire.3. She rejects Fernando.I enjoy almost everything in this game, and the only thing I request is a gamemode not including a Payload, and I love even those. I hope you love it too."
,Recommended,444090,30055605,Posted: 20 February,all,LoNeWoLF #n00b,This Game is pretty awesomeRecommended
,Recommended,444090,30078728,Posted: 21 February,all,76561198313136651,Cool gameThis game is so coolYou want play overwatch ?But you dont have money .Play this game
,Recommended,444090,25624222,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Bang Toyib Si Pujangga Cinta,Pros :- Horse riding- Horse jumping- Horse racing- more Horses would make it even betterCons :- No SEAcan't wait for SEA server
,Recommended,444090,29415038,Posted: 21 January,all,Child of the sea,Its cool
,Recommended,444090,29415731,Posted: 21 January,all,Its High Noose!!,cool
,Recommended,444090,29442575,Posted: 23 January,all,ItzVladi,Overwatch 4 free :)
,Recommended,444090,29997584,Posted: 17 February,all,Shejdy HawkServers.co,Overwatch for poors.
76561198175281354,Recommended,444090,30008284,Posted: 18 February,all,iThatOneKidOfficial,ITS AWSOME. If you dont have this game get it! It is the best game i have played. Btw if you dont want to pay for Overwatch or dont have a good enough computer like me you can install this game instead! ITS EXACTLY THE SAME AND ITS EVEN BETTER! hope you think this is usefull
,Recommended,444090,30014089,Posted: 18 February,all,SombreroMan :3,The game was really fun until the EasyAntiCheat problem that happend aroudn Christmas. Since then I've been unable to play the game.
,Recommended,444090,29928348,Posted: 14 February,all,archenemy pvpro.com,ok
76561198267655060,Recommended,444090,29571281,Posted: 29 January,all,=Jish=,Overwatch for poor people
76561198335431898,Recommended,444090,29574910,Posted: 29 January,all,giannigelpi,dklledld
,Recommended,444090,30099864,Posted: 22 February,all,Its_Batman,It's a fun game. I did not have much fun playing it in the closed alpha. Same goes for the closed beta. But now this game is fun. The developers are definitely doing something amazing. The champs are pretty much copy/paste of OW. If you don't have the money to buy OW then you can maybe enjoy here.
,Recommended,444090,29975335,Posted: 16 February,all,Slide,Pretty good game when you can't afford overwatch
76561198156233161,Recommended,444090,29813797,Posted: 9 February,all,AsH,Good game
76561198189391357,Recommended,444090,30075554,Posted: 21 February,all,Giblii,this is overwatch for poor people and tf2 is overwatch for stupid people
,Recommended,444090,29653820,Posted: 2 February,all,Code Named Poseidon,"Amazing, 100% brilliant and you should totally get this game."
76561198121068405,Recommended,444090,29728205,Posted: 5 February,all,Tom,f2p game with decent content
,Recommended,444090,29524820,Posted: 27 January,all,RaiT,"Recomanda Busu jocu, nu iti pierzi vremea in el."
,Recommended,444090,29610241,Posted: 31 January,all,Roman|||Clansy,"Как утапок Quantuma, а готов сказать что игра хорошая."
76561198178452193,Recommended,444090,30093716,Posted: 21 February,all,OG.Tre_Masty,Free Overwatch
76561198258454630,Recommended,444090,30099958,Posted: 22 February,all,Airbourne678,I have been looking this game in store for quite awhile... then i decided to try it... I must say its quite addicting
,Recommended,444090,30154117,Posted: 24 February,all,Luna,"fun game,♥♥♥♥♥es moan the OB44 ruined the game, they're just weak.Just find a 2-3 champs and stick with them, you get free essence to get the cards you need.you can claim free chests,gold and (crystals - with friends) by just playing."
76561198002147522,Recommended,444090,30153547,Posted: 24 February,all,Airmonger,*cough* TF2 MUCH? *cough*but seriouisly its a really good game
76561198120145951,Recommended,444090,30153596,Posted: 24 February,all,Commander Fatkid,What can I say? Simply a joy to play. Everything is super-amazingly-brilliantly-awesome!
,Recommended,444090,29499618,Posted: 26 January,all,Arhstar Nyanko~,This Amazing game! I like this game! Please updated the new hero. Thanks you!!
76561198034932285,Not Recommended,444090,29434002,Posted: 22 January,all,d-wild-1,I am annoyed at how much time I have spent trying to download and play this game.  It still won't load after several hours of following the game advice to uninstall and reinstall. Then someone suggested downloading directx 11 and I couldn't find a good download on the microsoft page. Very frustrating I don't know why the program just won't direct me to the downloads that I need. :(
,Recommended,444090,29435703,Posted: 22 January,all,MC[]MeepNutty[],"Man, blizzard copied the crap outta this game. their new character is a copy of skye, like WTH BLIZZARD. JUST BECAUSE YOURE GAME ISNT AS POPULAR AS THIS GEM, BUT ITS A GOPY RIP-OFF!!! Download This over Overwatch Smh"
76561198168918023,Not Recommended,444090,29738016,Posted: 6 February,all,grey,wasting time download easy anti cheat make error :21 dont download guys
,Recommended,444090,29967575,Posted: 16 February,all,kattypary,this game is fun and all but the people playing the game are so easy to killl but over all its just a fun game and u should check it out.
,Recommended,444090,29991286,Posted: 17 February,all,justkayra (vac),if you enjoy Overwatch Play This Game
76561198139372572,Recommended,444090,30119874,Posted: 23 February,all,gman2002,GET IT!!!!!!!!!!!! its so fun and better then overwatch!!! that game stinks !!!!but this game rocks !!!
76561198285525914,Recommended,444090,30170839,Posted: 25 February,all,lick a that lolipop,its overwatch but its free get it now 8/10
,Recommended,444090,30202378,Posted: 26 February,all,✪ Dubu-iwnl-,I played the game once but then i deleted it and after that i tried to install again and the Missing File Privileges appeared and does not allow me to update the game and let me play it please fix.
76561198120905743,Recommended,444090,30202919,Posted: 26 February,all,TheCreepFro,It's a great way to play something like Overwatch.When you don't have a good computer to run Overwatch.
76561198016751051,Recommended,444090,29567629,Posted: 29 January,all,Clof Dawg,Rating:★★★✰✰ (3/5)
76561198253209042,Recommended,444090,29569070,Posted: 29 January,all,❤Cookie Box tipofthehats.org,goood
,Recommended,444090,29569721,Posted: 29 January,all,>>MI><ER<<,Very good game i play it 24-7
,Recommended,444090,29570720,Posted: 29 January,all,HUH???????,NC
76561198249281298,Recommended,444090,30110939,Posted: 22 February,all,Zebratina22,"Paladins is one of those games that you can constantly go back to. Its fun and easy and you get the hang of it really fast. Since the game is still early release thier a few minor bugs. My major bugs include, a character powerful-ness and the new legendary cards. Some characters have a overwhelming powerful-ness even if the person has not played them. I can state in my opinon that you like playing with them but hate versing them cause of their power.  The legendary cards add unecessary ""abilites"" to a character that is just fine without it. Overall fun game and I can not wait till it fully realesed!!!!"
,Recommended,444090,30110672,Posted: 22 February,all,悲鳴strfly,low budget for overwatch.
76561198171912942,Not Recommended,444090,29839826,Posted: 10 February,all,NateTh3Gr8,The only way I can recommend this game is if you don't have the money to buy overwatch.
,Recommended,444090,30232443,Posted: 27 February,all,bladee,lmao when you cant afford overwatch
76561198312292382,Recommended,444090,30100940,Posted: 22 February,all,Jorg20148,just a fun gme
76561198173576866,Recommended,444090,29522441,Posted: 27 January,all,UrbanBoyzz,"Free to play Overwatch, that isnt as good as Overwatch so yeah thats about all I have to say about this game."
,Recommended,444090,29481456,Posted: 25 January,all,オーラックス,f2p overwatch
,Recommended,444090,29518962,Posted: 27 January,all,Ozymidas,"Poor Man's Overwatch, but better."
,Recommended,444090,30020767,Posted: 18 February,all,silentstorm,"Me: Mom can I buy Overwatch?Mom: No, go play Paladins.Me: Okay...Great game for free!"
76561198134678790,Not Recommended,444090,29910045,Posted: 13 February,all,Fántasma Flóga,After last update the game wan't run ..... so I stop play it
76561198154322133,Recommended,444090,29838117,Posted: 10 February,all,EthanKFD,copyright off overwatch
,Recommended,444090,29893125,Posted: 12 February,all,ダイヤモンドハート,"Though the game is still in beta and clearly has plenty of flaws, I would like to say this is one of the best MOBA/FPS games I've played. Though I see a lot of trash talk about other games that similarize it in plenty of aspects, I don't see why they can't just co-exist and not have any problems. I do love this game though and look forward to the new champions, skins, and other crazy things Hi-Rez releases! I recommend it to anyone who is unsure about getting it. You have nothing to lose? What are you waiting for?"
,Recommended,444090,29703065,Posted: 4 February,all,Nick,this is like ow but in a free to play version..... 10/11
76561198256454036,Recommended,444090,29487357,Posted: 25 January,all,MrGriffin,awesome game 10/10
,Recommended,444090,29518992,Posted: 27 January,all,Bruhhh,Very awesome and addicting game! 10/10
76561198276792500,Recommended,444090,29852349,Posted: 11 February,all,TroXoR_,Nice Game Make fun.
76561198271407239,Recommended,444090,29480966,Posted: 25 January,all,Tar,"I finally reached competitive mode so i thought i will leave  a review...Great game lots of fun, but still feels very beta-Lack of maps, lack of play modes.-Needs character development like story behind each character. (when characters say something, but without knowing story behind character what they say feels cringy)-Needs an graphic update by the time this game will be finished graphics will look weak.-Needs a some kind a visiual atmosphere, perhaps by improving lightining, to give game a character, and feel like you are really on battle field, atm for me game feels dryThese things that I listed are not nessesary, but these things what make Overwatch great.What I wish for this game is to close it, update it with things I listed, and finalise it, and then release it as a full game. Otherwise I feel this game overtime will get forgoten."
76561198267232485,Recommended,444090,29481312,Posted: 25 January,all,Syndicate,Really nice game
,Recommended,444090,29487202,Posted: 25 January,all,leducanh6991,Good
,Recommended,444090,29518984,Posted: 27 January,all,Za ka'?,Cool game :D
76561198170638053,Recommended,444090,29636061,Posted: 1 February,all,SilverCrown,iiyi
76561198071153678,Recommended,444090,29638038,Posted: 1 February,all,MaX RaY 007,"Great game, actually free to play. I have not spent one dollar and continue to love playing this. Occasionally there are balance issues between the characters but they are solved with the next update. Easy to get into and remains fun. You can not buy a win.***Update... I have started seeing people hacking now... hope that gets fixed soon."
,Recommended,444090,29659168,Posted: 2 February,all,twinthors|Hellcase.com,I love Paladins. It is like a free OverWatch that might even be better. Throughly recommended
76561198274792067,Recommended,444090,29659396,Posted: 2 February,all,SaltySea,Its a very fun game and i would recommend it if u enjoy fps's
,Recommended,444090,29756938,Posted: 6 February,all,ern.,NOT BAD
76561198288974929,Recommended,444090,29852167,Posted: 11 February,all,Four Wrinkles No Hair,"I love this game a lot, its a free version of overwatch and I have a lot of fun playing the game. There is one problem though. The menu is very annoying and hard to get around but other wise the game is great."
,Recommended,444090,29852187,Posted: 11 February,all,[xTHCx]HandzoShimada,Wanna play overwatch but you don't have the money?So this is the game for you it similar to overwatch and it's better in some aspects. I hope that this game will free after the realase if no it's ok I will buy it because the game is goodAnd will be worth the money
,Recommended,444090,30221814,Posted: 27 February,all,ŽIVOIN,Very good game its very good for peapul that dont have overwach because game is like overwach
,Recommended,444090,30236705,Posted: 28 February,all,BilbobaginsRS,"I'll be straight, this is a copy of the game Overwatch. This game isn't bad but needs to improve and allow a non limited access in the competitve. The competitive needs all heroes on level 4 or above and that is pretty much does not suit any casual player like me but the game is fun. If you're poor and want Overwatch, just play this game. I'm poor so I'm gonna give a recommend for players who are poor like me.*cries in the corner*I'm only serious in CS:GO. XD"
,Recommended,444090,29852656,Posted: 11 February,all,Illegal Pyuts,worth the try though
76561198275121033,Recommended,444090,29852913,Posted: 11 February,all,Neenja,Great game 9/10
76561197988325525,Recommended,444090,29854300,Posted: 11 February,all,The Slimbee,Great little game truly free to play at the time of writting only cosmtic items can be bought with real wolrd cash...-ITS FUN-ITS DIFFERENT-ITS SMOOTH-It has characterstrongly advise to tryonly down side is a lack of game mode but i am sure there wil be more in future.
,Recommended,444090,29853849,Posted: 11 February,all,Welltall,"Blown away at how this game is essentially Overwatch, but without the god-awful community and more interesting hero's.Kinessa makes Widowmaker look like a damn chump."
76561198072523385,Recommended,444090,29958903,Posted: 16 February,all,the_blacklist19,rdsgftdhfhrht fuchdrg
,Recommended,444090,30246061,Posted: 28 February,all,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),This game suck
76561198317682030,Recommended,444090,29475935,Posted: 24 January,all,Obama,"I just loved the originality of this game and all it has to offer, the game modes and how random the game seems each time you play the game."
76561198272034865,Recommended,444090,29854000,Posted: 11 February,all,Dream,"Really good game, fun multiplayer experience"
,Recommended,444090,29724291,Posted: 5 February,all,lokisg3,"This is not like Overwatch. Yes, I do own Overwatch. Yes, sadly I do own BattleBorn."
,Recommended,444090,29688638,Posted: 4 February,all,✪ Zero,(y)
,Recommended,444090,30189777,Posted: 26 February,all,Vio,I enjoy this a lot more than overwatch....
76561198136201828,Recommended,444090,29807155,Posted: 9 February,all,iForgotToSave,"Overall I would say this a pretty fun game. Kinda like a layman's Overwatch. The lovechild of Overwatch and Team Fortress 2.Pros:-fun-creativeCons:-increasingly unblanced with the newer updates-a few minor, but annoying bugs and/or glitchesOverall a fun game, highly recommended."
76561198080227253,Not Recommended,444090,29730789,Posted: 5 February,all,Ilya (de cyka),"hirez should learn how to make account system right before making a game, fix your ""sign-up/sign-in""prosses, then i will play your bs game. dont try to play this game it takes 30 minutes to make an account fail at it and give up"
,Recommended,444090,29878710,Posted: 12 February,all,✪Haruka112 | hellcase.com✪,Good Game.
,Recommended,444090,30135976,Posted: 23 February,all,...csgogem.com,Decent Game essence is♥♥♥♥♥♥tho
76561198330192257,Recommended,444090,29458294,Posted: 24 January,all,FROSTICS SIX,thif game is free but so good so nice this is one game fps free i like it so much
,Recommended,444090,29462968,Posted: 24 January,all,✪ Maor,What a game
,Recommended,444090,29453723,Posted: 23 January,all,PendrivE,"Call me stupid, but I think that Paladins can become a more fun, more complex game than Overwatch, if the developers will keep working on it. Me likey"
,Recommended,444090,29454825,Posted: 23 January,all,Wa78aW,its a very very very vrey good game its good then overwatch
,Recommended,444090,29457556,Posted: 24 January,all,Dreizo,"At first i was hesistant because some of the reviews mentioned cheaters and this seemed like a F2P Clone of Overwatch.I WAS WRONG. This game is amazing, it's similar to overwatch in many ways but stands on it's own very strong. I love the aspect of choosing a build (Not LoL style, rather, items that are either -30% heal or 75% bonus dmg against shields in the same tree, with 4 trees/build paths available). Nothing is game-breaking, most champions seem to have their own balance and are fun in their own regards.You can't change champions mid-fights and it's not best-of-3 rounds, instead it's a first to 4. (At least in Casual, need to do a bit of grinding before you can get to competitive. THANKFULLY. I'd rather grind a few hours in casual and face the occasional cheater (In 16 hours of gameplay, I've run into ONE). Than have cheaters running rampant in competitive.It took me an hour before i decided to buy the founders pack, as a smite beta-player with founders pack there, This is a no-brainer for me. The gameplay is amazing and i highly recommend watching a few matches before jumping to conclusions.Would i buy it for 60$? 80$? Yes. I believe this game has huge potential, and paying only 20$ for ""all champions"" is hella-worth it. There's no Pay-to-win involved, similar to league."
,Recommended,444090,29458190,Posted: 24 January,all,FrozenFlameX,"Well, many people compare this game to overwatch. Me? Oh well, I'm a broke AF person who literally had no idea what overwatch was xDAnyway, I find this game fun. If this truly is an incarnation of Overwatch, well.. AWESOME. I am here playing it for free then. LMAO.The game, being multiplayer, is obviously better with friends. It has a well balanced matchmaking system as well unlike the other garbage out there. Updates keep rolling in regularly and stuff is fun. However, when a new champion is released, the following week, there is no point, I REPEAT, no point in playing the game. Mainly thanks to all those goddamn kids who won't choose a champion in the lobby because someone else chose the new champion before them.Either way, you are gonna meet braindead kids on almost any game you play. Either them or some salty noobs.11/10 - Life means... playing with braindead kids."
76561198320863253,Recommended,444090,29574053,Posted: 29 January,all,bmgamings,it dose not work now
76561198157585307,Not Recommended,444090,29451887,Posted: 23 January,all,ellist1993,"not too bad for the first couple of hours but after that very boring, only 2 modes, few maps, and majority of heroes arent fun too play as or are relatively useless... others might like this game so give it a try but its really not for me."
,Recommended,444090,29451960,Posted: 23 January,all,slick9909,every thing in this game to me is eh from the guys you play as to the sound track just meh i wish i could give somting other then yes and no since i don't recomend it nor do i say you should not get it
,Recommended,444090,29671207,Posted: 3 February,all,Ni88a,good gameplay...
76561198074057456,Not Recommended,444090,29686426,Posted: 3 February,all,Enki,Better than OverwatchBut with hackersGG
,Recommended,444090,32219514,Posted: 6 June,all,KASHTIN cs.money,"Free over watch but better, many updates, needs a better ranked."
76561198180290833,Recommended,444090,29829838,Posted: 10 February,all,TNTChefLTU | F11,Its a great game being for free and is not overwatch rip-off
,Not Recommended,444090,29918416,Posted: 14 February,all,Smegly420,"I'll leave my previous review at the bottom.New Review:Paladins is a good game, it's fun at times and is a good game to play with friends.  To start off with, it's free so  you cant really complain much, what do you expect, it has a nice upgrade  system, the art style is nice, the mechanics are good and some of the maps are quite nice.But the newer champions are extremly unbalanced and the game feels a lot worse than before, almost as if the developers don't know what they are doing and the ceo of HI-REZ is a pervt and a♥♥♥♥♥♥ complaing when people beat him during game tests and saying that the new champions that they are developing don't have enough  cleavage and ridiculous stuff like that.When I wrote my old review, I hadn't played overwatch but I have now and I own it and its is far better than Paladins, for starters, Widowmaker's bum is top-notch, the graphics are much better, the characters are more balanced, there is a really good story for all of the characters, the maps play a  lot better. I was mainly deterd by the price at first but from cd key, you can get it for £29.99 and if you are  willing to spend money, I highly recommend it because it is much, much better than Paladins.Old Review:Often refered  to as 'the overwatch rip-off' Paladins is a fun 5v5  hero shooter. Most of its characters resemble characters from overwatch and both were released near the same time but Paladins is free, and it is really fun for a free game. There are some reasons I prefer this to overwatch: my first reason being that this is on steam, if overwatch was on steam I would already have it but I cant be bothered to by games that aren't on steam because steam makes buying games so easy, secondly, Paladins has a ratherinteresting card system that allows you to reduce cool downs and allow your character to specialize in certain attributes, third, the uograde system at the beginning of matches that you can use to increase damage, movement speed and reeduce damage which can allow certain heros to shine in different situations depending on the upgrades, fourth, to get into comp, you have to get level 4+ in 12 different heros which is much better than overwatch because instead of maining one hero until level 25(?) in overwatch, the game incourages you playother heros and last but not least, your health regenerates.But because its free, the graphics aren't as good as overwatch and it doesnt feel as well polished and still has some rough edges (glitches) but it is unfair to compare any game to another, even if there are lots of similarities.All-in-all, Paladins is a nice, free game that you can spend hours on, the game always has people playing it and it doesn't require as much skill as most modern day fps games *cough *cough cs:go *cough *cough."
,Recommended,444090,30089358,Posted: 21 February,all,Crustylove,Cuuunnnttt
,Recommended,444090,30055442,Posted: 20 February,all,Zeptah,"The lag is killing the game. After the last update, it's lagging that much, so that my computer is freezing.Please fix that, cause I love playing it!"
76561198046249678,Not Recommended,444090,29863843,Posted: 11 February,all,Flex,"Soldier: 76 is pretty op, pls nerf"
,Not Recommended,444090,29864687,Posted: 11 February,all,Porumb Fiert,Wtf dude so much hackers.Game it's so awsome but in every match i have an aimer plz do something with that anti-cheat.
,Recommended,444090,29581906,Posted: 30 January,all,RoXo,"Very addicting game, just love it!!!!"
,Recommended,444090,30049109,Posted: 19 February,all,Johnny E. ♥♥♥,ASDASD
76561198119989134,Recommended,444090,29588451,Posted: 30 January,all,time is gold,ez
76561198343952229,Recommended,444090,29413109,Posted: 21 January,all,Crippling Happiness,Paladins for poor people.
,Recommended,444090,29810501,Posted: 9 February,all,Kronos,"This game is just awesome, it is very fast paced and has some cool elements. Cant wait to see what it's like once it is out of Beta"
,Recommended,444090,29810341,Posted: 9 February,all,[STN] Lord Benny,I really love this game! Never let it die!!!
,Recommended,444090,29412929,Posted: 21 January,all,welfaretoys,Its good cuz y not
,Recommended,444090,30162363,Posted: 25 February,all,mdimasfay,So Epic!!!
76561198314581362,Recommended,444090,29584219,Posted: 30 January,all,fukk uu,ggwp
,Recommended,444090,29847107,Posted: 11 February,all,wavy,","
,Recommended,444090,29693778,Posted: 4 February,all,Sparkus,I think you should still gather 30 bucks (when on sale) to buy overwatch. Im not saying this is a ripoff just saying that paladins use quantity over quality and overwatch quality over quantity.
76561198120712739,Recommended,444090,30027300,Posted: 18 February,all,Vis is myCrush ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),better than overwatch xd
,Recommended,444090,30026124,Posted: 18 February,all,EchoDDT,"ive never played overwatch but apparently its like overwatch. at any rate, this game is great. Cant wait to see where it goes in the future. Hi Rez rules!"
,Recommended,444090,30027951,Posted: 18 February,all,Sspy,Its overwatch for broke people so if u dont have $40 its good if you have a bad computer its good if you have a good computer and $40 its♥♥♥♥♥
76561198220712503,Recommended,444090,30032494,Posted: 19 February,all,Vali Sirbu,"It's like Overwatch, but for free! :))"
76561198163419229,Recommended,444090,30033500,Posted: 19 February,all,lolman6411,its a really good first person shooter and no need to use the online shop
76561198149202596,Recommended,444090,30034403,Posted: 19 February,all,Walmart Customer Service,"A very fun fps game that's centered around teamwork. However, I feel as if the devs are doing too much of what Overwatch is doing. Some examples: A dwarf builder character, a tankier character with a hook that pulls enemies towards him, a character with a huge gauntlet, a character with a mech, a character that has gameplay similar to CoD, and so on. If you look past this, though, it's a fun game to keep you busy for an hour."
,Recommended,444090,30034488,Posted: 19 February,all,Why Me ?,"Not bad, this game is funny"
76561198336604629,Recommended,444090,30034712,Posted: 19 February,all,huylanhat611,good game
,Recommended,444090,30031187,Posted: 19 February,all,ScatheFall,"Honestly it is a fun game to play.  My only problem is when i suddenly returned to the menu MID-GAME, like what the hell?.Also Torvald is broken, HiRez fix pls. Kappa123"
76561198349491642,Recommended,444090,30035954,Posted: 19 February,all,Quick Maths,This game is awsome
,Recommended,444090,26303626,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Cynikal,"Pretty fun and improving with each update, just wish I didn't have to pay for gems to get garbage skins with no variety."
,Recommended,444090,29830527,Posted: 10 February,all,Call Me Useless,overwatch is better
,Not Recommended,444090,29433446,Posted: 22 January,all,[DoN] Danny DeVito,"Played it for 2 hours 4 months ago, never touched it since.Overwatch is worth the 40 extra dollars."
,Recommended,444090,29956879,Posted: 15 February,all,ARCIX,The best game :))))
,Recommended,444090,29957082,Posted: 15 February,all,✖️ D E C O R U M ✖,One of The Best
76561198168074745,Recommended,444090,29766826,Posted: 7 February,all,Reseller Secret Shop,"great graphic with low spec pc..seriously, play this game.."
76561198354528485,Recommended,444090,29768310,Posted: 7 February,all,jamesobergh,"I love the game, but everybody can tell these creaters always make copies of other games BUTTT i would recomend it"
76561198103601788,Recommended,444090,29766992,Posted: 7 February,all,Blazercs,"This is NOT a cheap overwatch clone.This game though appers to be it has it is less skill based than overwatch but has MOBA based strategy that will appeal to MOBA fans. Even though some characters share a few abilties and appear ripped off between both games, they have unique skillsets that make them feel very different. I have played both overwatch and paladins and I personally prefer to play paladins."
76561198182652595,Recommended,444090,29767467,Posted: 7 February,all,N30 CSGOtrade.me,Really good
76561198055812041,Recommended,444090,29768111,Posted: 7 February,all,Noxun,"So here is the deal. I grabed a few friends and got into this game as soon as the Beta was out.We had lots of fun first. I even got into the game enough to buy Founder's Pack. But after a few days it just didn't feel as fresh and the charm of it just wore off.And then you start to realize a few things.1- Deny it all you want. The characters are not Overwatch INSPIRED they are more like a bootleg version of Overwatch Heroes.2- If you don't play with friends im 90% sure you will neglet this game after a few days.3- Although it's not an A+ game, i'd give it a B+... with a lot of room to grow... so if you are into it, keep yourself updated from time to time.4- If you tried this game 'cause you wanted to play a game that felt like Overwatch, or anything close : Go ahed. Just know that the 40 bucks you didn't want to spend on Overwatch are indeed gonna be used to purchase exactly that or any other game.It might look like I'm kind of slamming down a bit on this game in my review but I really am just giving you fair warnings.After all : IT'S FREE, so definetly try it out."
76561198331173004,Recommended,444090,29766044,Posted: 7 February,all,FAZI,amazingg game should play works real smooth on mac too. If u want a game like overwatch here it is!!!! very addicting and intriguing i dont play a lot but i can if i had time
,Recommended,444090,29819522,Posted: 10 February,all,Captain NotAwesome,"good game, nice fantasy characters, overall fun to playI wish they had sotries behind those characters tho.. Like a movie or something"
,Not Recommended,444090,29978927,Posted: 16 February,all,Player98,even the sign up section's so terrible
76561198297078779,Recommended,444090,29448366,Posted: 23 January,all,Sahab.Omz,Awesome GAME ^_^
,Recommended,444090,29841804,Posted: 11 February,all,4:3,better than overwatch CD
76561198066937138,Recommended,444090,29448426,Posted: 23 January,all,xHeatZ,"Great game, cant understand the salty people blaming anticheat, i played over 100 hours on 2 accounts and met about 4 cheaters, witch is nothing for a FREE game. Highest lvl hacker was about lvl 10, i guess they get banned pretty fast when they get reported.I recommend this game."
76561198164947878,Recommended,444090,29446704,Posted: 23 January,all,21 Savage,great game.
76561198095654110,Not Recommended,444090,30089973,Posted: 21 February,all,Evil.slug,Paladins is a garbled mess which has no relevance in a world where Overwatch exists.
,Recommended,444090,30022850,Posted: 18 February,all,Pastronki,"Are you two poor/cool to pay 40-60 dollars for Overwatch? THen this amazing game is for you. Great graphics, good mulitplayer, cool card system, and great game over all."
,Recommended,444090,29712249,Posted: 4 February,all,Hulan,YOYO PRETTY GOOOOOOOD
76561198154816671,Recommended,444090,29713277,Posted: 5 February,all,klironomos.john,This game is Overwatch for free. It's action-packed with great characters and really fun to play. I recommend it.
76561198164844953,Recommended,444090,29711618,Posted: 4 February,all,:c,overwatch but free af
76561198357268077,Recommended,444090,29711699,Posted: 4 February,all,Salaxantim,ΓΑΜΑΕΙ
,Not Recommended,444090,29677237,Posted: 3 February,all,ⓋⓂ Dickle Pick xD,Dear palidins i made an account not to long ago on it called Robertoaster420 i clicked the option to save details or something on does lines however that doed not work and now every time i come on the game i put in my details it says user diconnected i have no clue what that is supposed to mean and also its a pure copy of overwatch thank god the games free becouse if it costed monry then it would probobly taken off the steam market for copying a more well made game
,Recommended,444090,29728763,Posted: 5 February,all,Memeulous,meh
,Recommended,444090,30181030,Posted: 25 February,all,Russian Doctor,Great game
,Recommended,444090,30178463,Posted: 25 February,all,Jonas♛,FDS
76561198317086350,Recommended,444090,30179114,Posted: 25 February,all,Cman022,I am writting this as of patch44.5 or 45 or whatever its called the complaints about the elixer system have been tended to makeing it better but still not perfect i belive with a little bit more tweeking this game could possibly be better than most other F2P shooters
,Recommended,444090,29752118,Posted: 6 February,all,Moo 🐄,It's fun to play while I'm waiting to get Overwatch and am bored of TF2. ;3 10/10 would recommend
,Recommended,444090,30178072,Posted: 25 February,all,ksn,"Bijeli dani tamne nociiii, dal ce moja pusta zelja ikada na red doci tntr tn tnr tn"
76561198180565546,Recommended,444090,30131884,Posted: 23 February,all,logan,"ob44 hope this changes quick, i like this game."
,Recommended,444090,30007354,Posted: 18 February,all,A Vixen,"Saw a walking turret mode Bastion, quit the game and never played it again. 5/7"
76561198141534247,Recommended,444090,29953672,Posted: 15 February,all,Ponut,fun but needs some polishing and a better paymodel.
76561198116310794,Recommended,444090,29875813,Posted: 12 February,all,Schiflor,♥♥♥♥ing overwatch clone XD for ♥♥♥♥ing poor people
,Recommended,444090,29528942,Posted: 27 January,all,gutteq++,ok
76561198146646115,Recommended,444090,29876826,Posted: 12 February,all,TamerGG csgogem.com cs.money,nice game
,Recommended,444090,29543651,Posted: 28 January,all,Newbeeplayerdontblameme!!,GOOD GAME
76561198109411978,Recommended,444090,29543599,Posted: 28 January,all,XDXDXD,10/10would download config files to play the ♥♥♥♥ing game with 10 fps again
,Recommended,444090,30083516,Posted: 21 February,all,Temmie Chang,"If you were to say, ''THIS IS A RIPOFF OF OVERWATCH!'' you are correct, but are judging the book by the cover, it is a well made game. You don't need money just download this! I wonder why this is not popular like overwatch..."
76561198177830699,Recommended,444090,29840309,Posted: 10 February,all,Betty Spaghetti,Very good game for the price. Nicely made and hope to see more updates in the future.
76561198332240695,Recommended,444090,29585611,Posted: 30 January,all,GG Hadid,poor mans overwatch good graphics many bugs
76561198117413049,Recommended,444090,30045863,Posted: 19 February,all,ADAM,"Despite this game being a rip off, ITS A FUN RIP OFF, I really enjoy this game! I currently at the time of writing this have 27 hours played. It is addicting! I think this game is very underrated and should get more poularity. I like to think of this game as a side kick or a second option to Overwatch."
,Recommended,444090,30167908,Posted: 25 February,all,IceFlopper,its a cool game but my friends cant start it because he has an error
76561198165649448,Recommended,444090,29634982,Posted: 1 February,all,Dark,♥♥♥♥ing nerf that ♥♥♥♥♥ torvard
,Recommended,444090,29561650,Posted: 29 January,all,Zodiac011,"Literally just Overwatch but with some slightly different features and such, but it's free, great if you can't afford the incredibly high price of Overwatch"
,Recommended,444090,29962870,Posted: 16 February,all,Black black man,"I Love Paladins :D It Is Fun,Even though overwatch have a lot of graphics and shadowIs,it have a lot of heros and more its free! Overwatch need US$59.90 i was like whattt i was freaked out so i decided to find something like overwatch and its paladins.. Thank You Paladins Staff And Workers For Creating This Game !!! I Really Apperciate It!Hope You have A Great Day! :D"
,Recommended,444090,29486444,Posted: 25 January,all,Gillabo,So far this game is so good for Beta status.
76561198071519682,Recommended,444090,29563625,Posted: 29 January,all,STINGNETTLE,Great game! My favorite. If you are debating on this game go ahead and try it!
,Recommended,444090,29563381,Posted: 29 January,all,Lloyd777,it is a nice game.
,Recommended,444090,29563887,Posted: 29 January,all,nigga wit the trigga,it's neat
76561198146303334,Recommended,444090,29788739,Posted: 8 February,all,<cheezy>,very awusum
,Not Recommended,444090,30232139,Posted: 27 February,all,CamoSkeleton,"Update- This game is terrible. I don't mean it isn't fun or anything- I mean it doesn't even work.This game is so full of bugs it continously crashes, freezes your computer, etc.Hi-rez usually has some great games but somehow missed with this game due to a complete lack of concern or focus. It doesn't even have an internal bug report. DON'T BOTHER DOWNLOADING- it's crap until it works.This game would be a lot of fun- however, it doesn't work.The game continues to crash multiple times in the same match.The game has an internal feature of ""quests"" (basically, bounties, contracts) which don't always work.There is a severe imbalance between champions, including the ability of some to shoot through walls and builds. This allows players to hegde these characters and basically they become immortal beings within the first quarter of the match.This is game is a beta, I know, but it should at least work.The biggest problem though? There's no way to report a bug in the game directly. Rather a player must exit the game go to Hi-rez's website and login, go to support and launch a tech ticket.Fix this game, and I believe it would be incredible- or will Hi-rez ever even read and care?"
,Not Recommended,444090,30231799,Posted: 27 February,all,ArcticZenith,It's pretty good
,Not Recommended,444090,30167022,Posted: 25 February,all,DANK MEMEZ ﾒ,i have a problem when i run the game appear a screen with easyanticheat (EAC) so i dont recommand this game..... can someone help me?
76561197988145002,Not Recommended,444090,30213135,Posted: 26 February,all,Lagz,"Why must every company have their own launcher? Just stop. No one wants to use your launcher, and your launcher is garbage. I made an account but your trash launcher won't let me sign in and my email is now burned. Great game you got here hirez./sOnly reccomended to masochists."
76561198239967832,Not Recommended,444090,30150926,Posted: 24 February,all,KoziKoRu,"game was funner in beta- game was simple, engaging, skillful and above all not samey-not its boring cos u know if 3 champs are picked on enemy team its over-the elo reset is completelyfked up matching u  to play with idiots whilst vs ppl your lvl so u dont feed but they do- and legeendaries are sameyu no one rly everdiffers- and legendaries just make the champs you hate to face even more hateful as they improve dumb aspects of champions no one asked for.overall rating as of this patch (previous scores in beta)enjoyment - 3/10 (8/10)graphics - 7/10     (7/10)thought behind game - 2/10 (6/10)tactics - 4/10  (8/10)OVERALL SCORE 5/10-- (8/10) before) do not play this game :/ in this patch"
,Not Recommended,444090,30232816,Posted: 27 February,all,Starman45FTW,"You know what, I'd love to tell you how great this game is. How wonderful the graphics are, how fluent the controls are... but you know what, I can't. And why? I think it has to with the fact that, oh wait let me think...I. CAN. NOT. ♥♥♥♥ING. SIGN. IN.You know, this game has intrigued me, ever since I first heard about it. I looked as if Overwatch and TF2 set aside their differences and had a baby, whose elements were a mix of both. And I thought, ""Oh, if it's free to play, why not give it a try.""So I hit download.How I regret that decision.After 2 hours and 11 minutes not to mention an additional 10 for all the first time setup biz, I'm at the login screen. I was a little bummed you had to make a separate account but hey, it doesn't matter. I create an account with Google as it's quick and easy; just hit Allow a couple times. I do that and it says, ""Connect with your Hi-Rez account."" Huh. I thought I just made it. So I hit the create button and WHOOP-DE-DOO I'M BACK AT THE SAME SCREEN I STARTED! Even better, I hit Create with Google and it says in red font, ""This account is already in use."" So I hit sign-in, and it gives me the username and password screen. Just to clarify, I DIDN'T GET THE OPTION TO CHOOSE EITHER!! So I guess I just have to accept the fact that my email is just lost in the void of your server files, Hi-Rez.But hey, I wasn't ready to give up so easily. I mean, this is why throwaway and backup emails exist, right? So I decide to make a brand-new, spankin' good looking Hi-Rez account! SCREW THE EASE OF SIGNING IN WITH GOOGLE! THIS IS THE REAL DEAL!! So I fill out EVERY FIELD!! USERNAME, CHECK! PASSWORD, GOT THAT! CONFIRM PASSWORD, GUESS I HAVE TOO! EMAIL,YOUCANTHAVEMYEMAIL@NONEXISTANT.COM(not my real email, or any in that case). So every field, hit create, get taken to the splash/news screen and FINALLY HIT PLAY!! At last. I'm in the game. Background music... an options menu... actual hint that the game exists... Sweet tranquility... =w=...Oh? Fill in my credentials? Well I just did that. Why not fill it in again once more.Username: Starman45FTWPassword: **********Enter...""These. Credentials. Are. Incorrect.""I am at the breaking point. I close out the game and get taken back to the login screen. That red ""incorrect login"" font TAUNTING me. I give it one last chance. I hit ""Can't Login?"". I get taken to the ""Forget Password"" screen on their website in my browser.This it it. The ultimate failsafe.I enter my email.""We have sent your Username to your email""I am taken to the login screen.I enter the sorry excuse of a username which is nothing more than a string of letters and numbers.I enter my alleged password.Enter...The red box dominates my screen.""LOGIN ERROR""The words resonate with me, scream at me.Tears well up in my eyes.I am about to close the window when that one word in the bottom left of that red box catches my eye.Despite being in all lowercase, the word yells at me louder than any in caps lock.""failure""""failure""""failure""0/10. The only failure here, is you, Hi-Rez. Take hint and let players sign in with their Steam."
,Not Recommended,444090,30186568,Posted: 25 February,all,oscaroa,"Awful update, kicking your player base right in the♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,444090,30219702,Posted: 27 February,all,maC | csgoatse.com,"♥♥♥♥ this game, too many broken ♥♥♥♥♥, i can't log in most of the time, always stuck!"
,Not Recommended,444090,30149948,Posted: 24 February,all,Arthur Dent,This last update really feels like a money grab as HiRez is known to do. Cant really recommend it until that is retconned
76561198220970516,Not Recommended,444090,30152701,Posted: 24 February,all,bathman123,it rescently added a third money sytem an i used to love this game
76561198189809977,Recommended,444090,29681576,Posted: 3 February,all,Dark mind csgoaste.com,very fun!! easy to master and totaly the poor man's overwatch! if you like/want overwatch and dont have the PC to run it this is a close 2d!!!
,Recommended,444090,29455033,Posted: 23 January,all,Rayen Cobain,nice game
,Recommended,444090,29455447,Posted: 23 January,all,wynwnata,"Me : Bro can you help me ?My friend : Sure, what's it ?Me : I want Overwatch, but i have no money.My friend : Say no more fam!"
76561198156627917,Recommended,444090,29455656,Posted: 23 January,all,No. 4,:D !!!!!
,Recommended,444090,29455397,Posted: 23 January,all,ankl,"Very fun game which has the same aspect as OverWatch, but the difference is this is free. Only downside is not even classes, so you'd be forced to try something completely new if someone else picks the same class that you main. Another feature which others may encounter as a downside, but I describe as a good thing is the idea of having to level up 12 champions to level 4 to be allowed to play competitive. This allows the players to be familiar with the different classes and what skills they all posses since it takes approximately 12 matches per character to actually reach level 4 without a booster membership."
,Recommended,444090,29455701,Posted: 23 January,all,Dexim,"While the game needs a few more types of game modes, the overall gameplay is a cool idea. They mix the idea of cards which customize your champion with already fun champions to play with a few items to build. I thought it was going to be an Overwatch rip off and I was mistaken. I like both Overwatch and Paladins for different reasons. This game is cool in the fact that is is pretty customizable for building your champ."
76561198130817156,Recommended,444090,29769592,Posted: 7 February,all,Harrio_Pootered | Farmskins.com,"Awesome game. Thought it was an Overwatch copy, it has likenesses, but it isn't. Grafix are k, but culd b beter my fren. Roadho... I mean Makoa's chain isn't overpowered. 8/10"
76561198334518842,Not Recommended,444090,29929989,Posted: 14 February,all,Ljua32  | csgoroll.com,nothing special
76561198293189908,Recommended,444090,29903179,Posted: 13 February,all,jmitchmizzou,"This game is amazing! even though oyu are paired with bots untill your level 5, but overall... great game!(anyone getting some overwatch vibes?)"
,Recommended,444090,29903390,Posted: 13 February,all,atlas,"Yes , I Recomand This Game Because look so much OverWatch and it's really nice to play this Game . Looks Overwatch but whit new caracthers And New Abilites.  Very Nice Game . Thanks steam because you added this game !"
,Recommended,444090,29806904,Posted: 9 February,all,Tosic,"*^`%#()E)""*`"
,Recommended,444090,29629227,Posted: 1 February,all,Ren Fujii,Save money for overwatch. . .
,Recommended,444090,29538929,Posted: 28 January,all,Warlos Ártabro,The Overwatch of the common folks. Warning: contains traits of waifus.
,Recommended,444090,29502682,Posted: 26 January,all,My name is jeff,OwerWhatch is copy not this xD Jk Like OW but is really good game have awesome gameplay I like it cassie is the best :D
,Recommended,444090,29928774,Posted: 14 February,all,double0_can,It's a very good game. It might be a copy of overwatch but it's amazing. There are many characters to choose from and once you master you WILL BE UNSTOPABLE :)
76561198163698799,Recommended,444090,29806248,Posted: 9 February,all,Danielxp23,"very "" expensive"""
76561198047940041,Recommended,444090,29827584,Posted: 10 February,all,Broom,Sadly i enjoy this more then i do overwatch
,Not Recommended,444090,29411405,Posted: 21 January,all,Nico,Now they're just flat out copying
76561198360622633,Not Recommended,444090,29858229,Posted: 11 February,all,Samulicious,"The game would be really fun, the gamemodes are fun, the syle. The only thing is that you're litturaly copying some characters from Overwatch and you dont even care. You gained a title of a rip off and you continue to copy starting with the new Maeve who has 80% of Genji's abilities."
76561197961362312,Recommended,444090,30248606,Posted: 28 February,all,Godcomplex67,"*insert ""offensive comment here*Ok, now wait for people to get triggered.WAIT A MINITE, THIS ISNT TUMBLR!"
,Recommended,444090,30248200,Posted: 28 February,all,Yaman,The robin hood of the genre10/10
,Not Recommended,444090,30035495,Posted: 19 February,all,Fresh,"Really fun, but the ammount of hackers and the already horrible community make this great game unbearable.."
,Recommended,444090,29946048,Posted: 15 February,all,omgitzturbo,"Hey look. An Overwatch copy.It's really not.Paladins is a great free-to-play shooter, with 22 customizable characters put into four different role groups - Flank, Damage, Frontline and Support. At first, it may seem like an Overwatch copy, but after playing for a while you'll start to see that it is very different, despite the few slightly copied character designs. The maps and graphics look beautiful, and all have their own unique design, the community is amazing compared other games (ahem, LoL), and the game itself is so fast-paced and fun to play. Definitely worth your time, and the best thing is, it doesn't cost a dime!"
76561198056146874,Recommended,444090,29946127,Posted: 15 February,all,ur mom a gay,It's a fun game.
76561198188059366,Recommended,444090,30128524,Posted: 23 February,all,Nimvis,its free lol enough said
,Recommended,444090,30067179,Posted: 20 February,all,FaKe Horizon,For Some Reason This Game Is Alot Like Overwatch7/10
,Recommended,444090,30219001,Posted: 27 February,all,Avid sex offender,Overwatch 2 best game ever has cool graphics controller support Awesome characters cool upgrades cool weapons Recommend the game
,Not Recommended,444090,29732164,Posted: 5 February,all,"Timmy ""Transvestite"" Thick",Kinessa ruined this game for me nerf her.
,Recommended,444090,29519112,Posted: 27 January,all,[RK] Nero,"Good game! Don't like the idea of purchasing champions, but you can buy them with in-game earnable coins, which is good! Got the founders pack, enjoying it lately, need some time away from Overwatch, getting bored playing one game."
,Not Recommended,444090,30138873,Posted: 24 February,all,Emennius,Pay2win garbage. Don't give these crooks any money.
,Recommended,444090,29914630,Posted: 13 February,all,Chees,Great alternative to overwatch for those who don't want to pay.
,Recommended,444090,29914994,Posted: 13 February,all,Ryoverbッ,lost all my data and skins but it's still fun
,Recommended,444090,29808000,Posted: 9 February,all,╲⎝⧹ pink⧸⎠╱,i cant play this game :(
,Recommended,444090,29573981,Posted: 29 January,all,Brxhmin,"Game is great, would be nice if they changed how you unlocked characters or decrease the amount you had to unlock them"
76561198211646220,Recommended,444090,29777349,Posted: 8 February,all,Your Mom,frick overwatch cost moneyplay this game then
,Recommended,444090,30236230,Posted: 28 February,all,Iam,LOVEABLE
76561198157508128,Recommended,444090,30236275,Posted: 28 February,all,/ZFG\madkillero,It's awsome
76561198068970745,Recommended,444090,30146940,Posted: 24 February,all,DrFluffensteinJr,This is a great game that is constantly improving.
,Recommended,444090,30150645,Posted: 24 February,all,Burple,k
,Recommended,444090,29817496,Posted: 9 February,all,【RsKy】,gg best overwact v
,Recommended,444090,29435152,Posted: 22 January,all,mormon underwear,prolly the best game o the year imo it stand the time test it was past down many genrations from my great grand papi so you shuold buy the game its good and some people say that its like overwatch but thats nto true and taht  game sucks so idk why you think that s  a a thing
76561198296523843,Recommended,444090,29837742,Posted: 10 February,all,poohDIE,nice
,Recommended,444090,29958921,Posted: 16 February,all,Tao Llyr,"Good game, you can have fun about a lot of hours, but I think the characters have low diversity for what I am thinking.Not have a girl who is a Tank and Ying is the only female support. And I really want to see characters who are children, like a little girl which is a Magical Girl and uses magic for attacking. Evie is a type of Magical Girl, but she uses ice.The game can support this different types of characters, have old people and why not have children?And I want a full close combat character, I like the game, but I like more close combat than long range"
76561197998481368,Not Recommended,444090,30136717,Posted: 24 February,all,iBlue,I was going to play this game. Downloaded it after i finally decided i was going to have a go ... and then see the news feed about the new changes.I'm just going to pretend this game doesn't exist now.Shelling out a lot of ingame items to early adoptees and then dramatically changing drop rates to swindle new players once you have a playerbase just ain't my style. I don't mind spending money. I spent 60€ plastering stickers on default weapons i can't sell in CS:GO. I mind the attitude.
,Recommended,444090,29834073,Posted: 10 February,all,Splat Tim,is good :)
,Recommended,444090,29984548,Posted: 17 February,all,midget spinner,OK
,Recommended,444090,29412242,Posted: 21 January,all,xZertic,WSDWA GOOD
,Recommended,444090,29744184,Posted: 6 February,all,Flexi98,"Log Date 7 15 4 - I have recently found a game on Steam called ""Paladins"". It looks like a free Overwatch. The champions in the game are good, my favorite one is the one that zooms in on enemies. Makes my job way easier. I'd hope to see more of these types of games in the future. -Peridot"
76561198104076481,Recommended,444090,30050210,Posted: 19 February,all,Flames99Fuse,"First ImpressionsNow, I have to say, I'd be lying if I said this was my first time playing Paladins. I played it for a brief couple hours in the closed beta way back when; before Overwatch was released. I didn't really like it back then because everyone that was in the game was the same level reguardless of skill, and matchmaking was horid because of the tiny playerbase at the time. This has been fixed considerably and I feel that the matches are much more fair. At first the price of champions is daunting by the high numbers, but realistically, you're only ever about 10 games away from getting a new hero. Three or four if you win every single match. I would definitely say give it a try. It's not that bad.GraphicsNice to look at and heavy contrast doesn't hurt the eye. Definitely good to have a colorful FPS.ControlsControls are really floaty and it doesn't really feel like you're playing a competitive game at all. Also recoil is nonexistant.VoicesLiterally the worst voices of a modern video game from an actual developer I've heard in a long time. If only one thing gets fixed, please HiRez, make it the voices Jesus Christ.Game modesLiterally everything is payload or capture point. Similar to Overwatch or TF2.And now for what you all came for....Overwatch / TF2 ComparisonsWhen it first came out, you could see inspiration from TF2 classes clearly, though only inspiration. As I've said, I played before Overwatch was released. When the whole ""Paladins is a Overwatch clone"" controversy happened. I still played OW but I defended Paladins, as most of the champions who were similar to Overwatch heroes at the time had been clearly extremely changed. However, more recently, I have to say that they are pulling some BS with new champions. A lot of them are just Overwatch heroes with a new coat of paint, HiRez did the same thing with SMITE vs LoL/DoTA. Personally, I'd say don't witchhunt them, the games are the same genre so of course there are similarities. It would be like going after CoD for being a low quality Battlefield clone (or vice versa if you prefer). The only thing I want HiRez to do is to stop taking other game's characters, repainting them, and calling them their own.OverallPlease give the game a go, it's free so you won't be losing anything, the download is fairly quick too. Just be warned, the playerbase is so dumb.Also don't spend a god damned cent on this game. in game currency is enough, and HiRez still prices stuff too high."
,Recommended,444090,29674025,Posted: 3 February,all,Kill Me,if yah want to play overwatch but dont have any godamm money heres your game
76561198154618245,Recommended,444090,30018425,Posted: 18 February,all,VanzKi,Nice game almost like OW!
,Not Recommended,444090,30204231,Posted: 26 February,all,Ocean gift-drop.com hellcase.com,overwatch but it's free to play and pay to win
76561198195824987,Not Recommended,444090,29872936,Posted: 12 February,all,♠Yoshinyde♠,"This game is complete♥♥♥♥♥♥At first it seemed somewhat decent for me, well that was because I stopped playing TF2 at that time, Then I played this game for about then hours, It was okay cause i didnt really have an option at that time, Then i spent 60 Dollars on this ♥♥♥♥ing game, I was a total ♥♥♥♥ing idiot.Then after 60-80 hours of playing the game it wouldnt launch, I tried everything that the internet told me and it still wouldnt open.I knew spending the money was [kind of] my mistake, But a refund woould be greatly apreciated.[Some small complaints]Victor is just a ♥♥♥♥ing copy and paste of Oscar from battleborn.I liked the characters in battleborn, Atleast that game had some ♥♥♥♥ing story or lore to it.The characters in paladins seem to get very boring after a while and the characters to this game have very little to none story or background to them 'Victor- Hes a ♥♥♥♥ing guy with a gun'Drogoz- Ey, you know that eagle from battleborn and that flying rocket woman from overwatch, well im basically them but im a small♥♥♥♥♥dragon.Fernando- Who tf is Reinhardt.Barik- Well tbh, im just a ♥♥♥♥ing gunslinger engineer from tf2.Androxous- Have you guys heard of Reaper?Grover- Im a ♥♥♥♥ing Lord of the rings backround character.Mal'Damba- I never wanted to be here. They just placed me here to avoid people saying that this game is racist for not having a black guy.Kinessa, Sha lin, Cassie- ......boom....headshot....Ying, Evie, Skye, Maeve- Tf2 has porn, Overwatch has porn, Every ♥♥♥♥ing game has porn.So for all the 'Original' characters ive seen in this game [I think] are Torvald,Ying and Bomb king.Please....be more ♥♥♥♥ing creative with names....'bomb king'...wow.....Front line- Meh...its ok..Damage- Tone down the ♥♥♥♥ing skills of these♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Support- All of them seem to only be able to to small amounts of healing and most of them become very vulnerable without their teamates, seeing theirs only 5 players in each team placed in a Huge♥♥♥♥♥map, supports really cant fight back.Flank- Why even...3/10A bonus from my good friend-8:29 PM - 柊かがみ - Hiiragi Kagami: Oh yeah. And Fernando. Is just a blatant ripoff of the character named shrek in Corey in the house.Gimme that ♥♥♥♥ing refund, Enlarged Clits."
,Not Recommended,444090,29906565,Posted: 13 February,all,HolyBro,"I see it's a trend comparing this game to Overwatch, so instead of seeing fanboy reviews that say this game is better than Overwatch and free, hear me out.Or don't, this is just a review out of thousands of others, plus I only have 1 hour so yeahWhat Paladins does better than Overwatch:-It's freeTHAT'S IT, NOTHING MAKES THIS GAME BETTER THAN OVERWATCH ASIDE FROM THIS.What Paladins is doing worse than overwatch.-Less balanced.-It has Easy Anti-Cheat (THIS IS A HUGE NO)While Poorwatch is not bad, Easy Anti-Cheat makes it uninstallable. Not that you can't install it, you SHOULD not install it for privacy reasons.However, not taking into consideration EAC, the game is not bad. Overwatch feels better but if you are just a casual player you can get Poorwatch for A LOT LESS investment.READ CLOSELY.THE GAME IS NOT BAD, BUT I CANNOT RECOMMAND IT TO PEOPLE IF IT HAS SPYWARE IN IT.IF YOU WANT TO DOWNLOAD POORWATCH, WAIT FOR SOME UPDATES UNTIL THEY REMOVE EAC.I would have given YES if it wasn't for EAC."
76561198155893368,Not Recommended,444090,29534579,Posted: 27 January,all,MynameisNOTjeff,If Overwatch had an ugly brother
,Not Recommended,444090,29576314,Posted: 29 January,all,Pan Of Power,this game was good and still is in some ways but to be honest its gone down the pan now becasue they have released a new champoin with over 7000hp and stupid amount of shielding but also taken agression which is good to have in the game which i find that stupid as it gives champions who have less damage to have more otherwise they are useless so in a way this game has gone down the pan in my eyes ive got nearly 60 hours on record not as much as other people but it went from being an average game to being stupidly broken and ridiculous now a champion who has 7000hp and a decent damage out put and loads of shielding is just stupid not recomending this game atm if trovald ( the 7000hp champion ) get debuffed in some way and they bring back agression then ill change my review but for now i aint
,Not Recommended,444090,30061161,Posted: 20 February,all,P̵̟̥͌͐́̑rolicon　ツ,"Map design is pretty bad.The gameplay feels weird.It's free, but I wouldn't waste the bytes.Especially since I'd expect most people to be running this on potatoes ex dee #rekt"
,Not Recommended,444090,30229324,Posted: 27 February,all,[⇄] Anodized [24/7],"Simply, Cancer."
,Not Recommended,444090,29581038,Posted: 29 January,all,Ariras12,Dis geam suks dik
76561198212339365,Not Recommended,444090,29445503,Posted: 23 January,all,Superninja,it is a complete copy of overwatch
76561198069365450,Not Recommended,444090,29781587,Posted: 8 February,all,What?☠达沃尔☠,overwatch 2 ;D
76561198200159638,Not Recommended,444090,29556045,Posted: 28 January,all,eagleriverwi,Dont be cheap and buy overwatch
,Not Recommended,444090,29658795,Posted: 2 February,all,Skyrim belongs to the Nords,"The game is a utter♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and hasn't even gotten past its beta. You have to manually unlock each part of a skin, just to get it. Not to mention its locked behind a paywall. Next is the fact that they are incredibly lazy when it comes to balancing. Skye for example is a constant annoyance as it does SO much damage. Even after they 'fixed' her. The issue here is it puts out WAY too much damage, not to mention it can just go invisible whenever and boom. its gone again. All the other chars can't touch it due to the fact that it also gets a speed boost. The game would be enjoyable if they didn't lock everything behind paywalls, and FIX THE DAMN CHARACTER BALANCE."
,Not Recommended,444090,29509143,Posted: 26 January,all,Depression,No
,Not Recommended,444090,29523991,Posted: 27 January,all,Mr. Yet,I mean.Overwatch is way better.Can't afford it? Welp you can play tf2 for free!
,Not Recommended,444090,29788176,Posted: 8 February,all,A Very Sad Mark 2 Bow Robot,"Mainly an Overwatch reskin.Seriously, TF2 is better than this"
,Not Recommended,444090,29458469,Posted: 24 January,all,Tisumi,"♥♥♥♥♥game don't play, would be better off paying $60 to buy overwatch this game is not going anywhere especially with the copying of overwatch I mean seriously, its pretty obvious that it copied"
,Not Recommended,444090,29511851,Posted: 26 January,all,Aol.,"Such a waste compared to Overwatch. They copied exactly everything from Overwatch. It is free to play and it feels like one because everything is pay to win. It still can be fun, but I would get a better free to play game, Team Fortress 2. If you don't have Overwatch then play this game, but if you do this game is fun to laugh at."
,Recommended,444090,30125745,Posted: 23 February,all,♕CloCx,good diese
76561198249747044,Not Recommended,444090,30190323,Posted: 26 February,all,skrskr,LOL THIS GAME IS OVERWATCH XD
76561198036173099,Not Recommended,444090,29721739,Posted: 5 February,all,Urosevic Bojan,Just buy OW
,Not Recommended,444090,30124488,Posted: 23 February,all,Key,"Sadly, this game has become yet another pay-to-win title. And the worst part is that it has a fresh metagame and, for the most part, a creative style and direction. It separates itself from its competitors with a gameplay that is fundamentally different.Too bad Hi-Rez decide to kill their golden goose. I would have gladly paid forty dollars for this game in exchange to have all champions unlocked, to have the over-grinding elements removed, and to be able to play with other players on the same level field.All I have to say is that I hope the developers reconsider the state of the game and take example in other free titles that have a fairer business model (such as Team Fortress 2)."
76561198169336513,Not Recommended,444090,30209837,Posted: 26 February,all,Frenzy Of Moonlight,Its a new ground breaking game that was have never seen before!*cough Overwatch *cough
,Not Recommended,444090,30156436,Posted: 24 February,all,[OFF till 20] Dabu,OB44 = Hi Rez as alwayshttp://www.pcgamer.com/paladins-players-erupt-in-anger-over-pay-to-win-changes-in-latest-beta/
,Not Recommended,444090,30150306,Posted: 24 February,all,LOTOR,.........PROGRAM STOP WORGING
,Not Recommended,444090,29810191,Posted: 9 February,all,Hasu The Fag,Ok so i don't like the game cause i think it's an overwatch bootleg some will say it's not i have my source you belive what you wantGood points:it's a more MOBA game than OWit's free so pepole that can't buy a good PC/PS4/XBOXONE can try the game that kind of OWBad points:I's a bootleg of OWI don't like the more MOBA styleyou can't play evrey charater wen you startand other suff that are relly to much related to me to be real pointsSo i don't like the game but pepole can like it and i think it's not bad but if you spend money on the game...I WILL FIND YOU AND MAKE YOU EAT AN OVERWATCH CD !!!cause the all point of the game is the free part thanks
76561198355116558,Not Recommended,444090,30120429,Posted: 23 February,all,Ginniepig2,Free Overwatch... just so much more bad
,Recommended,444090,30158028,Posted: 24 February,all,Sloppyping,THIS IS A GREAT GAME
76561198028182743,Not Recommended,444090,29947723,Posted: 15 February,all,Angelblood_6x,"The game itself is funny and well done. Good hero choose, and every one is well tuned and different from others. Nice customization tree: every champion can be played in different ways.However, community is cancer. Almost every player is russian, and so noone speaks english (noone speak at all, neither among themselves). I suspect they don't even learn from tutorial, since noone goes to payload, but everyone is ""sniping"" from distance: so noone is taking objective. Every game is about chance: playing with the team with most russian players is automatically a loss, because the other team will have more players at objective.Uninstalling. Worth playing if they split servers and let russians play with russians and others non-speaking human being, giving english speakers to play together and fully entertain with tactics and meta."
76561198009553934,Recommended,444090,29583034,Posted: 30 January,all,B1RCHALL,"Solid and fun game for those that don't want to pay for Over""Priced""watch"
,Not Recommended,444090,29725667,Posted: 5 February,all,ueuau,pu$$y game
,Not Recommended,444090,29809853,Posted: 9 February,all,Molotok,Can't get past account creation menu. *shrug*
,Recommended,444090,29559432,Posted: 29 January,all,6 god,Very fun game.  A must try
76561198325308866,Not Recommended,444090,29782119,Posted: 8 February,all,Davy Jones,♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME IT SHOWS ME THAT THERE IS MISSING FILE BUR THERE IS THE FILE!!!!
,Recommended,444090,30105053,Posted: 22 February,all,Alex2000coop,its great i like the overwatch feel and i crossover from overwatch and paladins
76561198194313803,Not Recommended,444090,30039843,Posted: 19 February,all,phantomlink,-Do you Have The money for overwatch?yes- Buy OverwatchNo-play the poor mans overwatch instead
,Recommended,444090,29831930,Posted: 10 February,all,Y20,Great moba ! it really deserves all his possitiv opinions !!
,Not Recommended,444090,29651881,Posted: 2 February,all,гамбит,so gud game: pick tankdie in 3 seconds from skyerepeat 2 timesuninstall:D
76561198227943016,Recommended,444090,29509052,Posted: 26 January,all,Chicken,I would recommend this because it is basically a free version of Overwatch
76561198127285576,Not Recommended,444090,29792381,Posted: 8 February,all,seulsocialiste,"The most broken piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game ever created. The developers are entirely incompetent and can't design a good game worth crap. The game might as well be in alpha at the rate they change it and yet despite all it's terrible problems they add in more overpowered heroes and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ content that make the game worse. They also add in new maps that are exact copies of already existing ones calling them ""new"" and they consistently refuse to create new content that is actually new instead of a horrible frankenstein of already existing concepts or reskin.They don't let you leave matches at all and their solution to this is that if you leave an AI takes your place till you come back. They also kick you from matchmaking if you don't ready up on time for them and have other ridiculous♥♥♥♥♥♥like not allowing anyone to join in on a game in progress. Their entire mindset is♥♥♥♥♥♥and it's ♥♥♥♥ing atrocious. It's a joke don't waste your time on this♥♥♥♥♥♥ Go play a good game like Overwatch, Battleborn, Team Fortress 2, Dirty Bomb, etc and leave this to die so HiRez understands how far they've strayed from proper game design."
,Not Recommended,444090,29862825,Posted: 11 February,all,[FragRP] Pimp Giraffe [SM],complete copy of overwatch
76561198323656536,Recommended,444090,29508366,Posted: 26 January,all,HazretiPitbuLL,cok guzel herkeze tavsiye ederim
,Not Recommended,444090,29617806,Posted: 31 January,all,𝓐𝓬𝓽𝓲𝓿𝓮𝔁,"Takes forever too sign in and plus whenever you've ""already made an acount"" and you forgot your username and password once you retreive it from you're email, you can't sign in because you need a correct username or ""VALID"" username and im like bruh what username would I possibly use and not look stupid as ♥♥♥♥........................"
76561198078408516,Recommended,444090,30171289,Posted: 25 February,all,Gancelot,very addictive game.
,Recommended,444090,29851700,Posted: 11 February,all,Thespartann,Free overwatch=)
,Recommended,444090,30159009,Posted: 24 February,all,burning ninja06,"fun game but copies off of overwatch more than the force awakens copies off star wars a new hope, 7.5 too much water."
76561198112533160,Not Recommended,444090,29535797,Posted: 27 January,all,◉ ponYYY ◉,Just like overwatch
,Recommended,444090,30247793,Posted: 28 February,all,datam,"Overwatch is better, but if you don't have money, this game is for you!"
76561198061178552,Not Recommended,444090,29724947,Posted: 5 February,all,doc_pingu,"constant lag spikes, every match, 2-3 seconds spikes. Unacceptable"
,Not Recommended,444090,29862996,Posted: 11 February,all,AidenJPS SuperiorServers.co,"theres only one way to put this, if you dont already have overwatch, you really wont like this game anyway. its a poorly made carbon copy of overwatch, and team based games like this have been so overdone. at least in tf2 and overwatch you dont have to unlock different characters for the different playstyles you feel like playing. not that any of these feel any different from eachother. Either you're an adult, and already have overwatch, or you are a child and wouldnt like this game anyway."
,Not Recommended,444090,29494693,Posted: 25 January,all,Sky,"this is basically  overwatch ,but without the great map design that made overwatch intresting, thus, you have a mediocre shooter with mediocre mechanics that ,unlike overwatch, fails to turn those mediocre mechanics into fun and intresting ones ,and invoke alternate playstyles"
76561198079854838,Not Recommended,444090,30229732,Posted: 27 February,all,.44magnum,This is the worst♥♥♥♥♥♥ever!
76561198314635019,Not Recommended,444090,30186211,Posted: 25 February,all,all skins shit fps,BROKEN GAME!!!
,Not Recommended,444090,30180090,Posted: 25 February,all,antster,bad game
,Not Recommended,444090,30183357,Posted: 25 February,all,YungCashRegister (LilBroomstick),"It's ♥♥♥♥ing Overwatch, with one gamemode and some currency mechanic, I recommend Overwatch, if you can't afford Overwatch get Tf2, it is so much better"
,Not Recommended,444090,30168323,Posted: 25 February,all,LinkFromDaPast,"First and fore-most, it's free. That alone is pretty good. Second, this isn't Overwatch. It has a similiar graphic style, but it's not. People who say it's bad don't pay attention to the fact that this game is still in it's Beta stage. The gameplay is fine and they have a good idea with the horses. It's really fun but the thing is, it won't log you in via Steam (at least not with me anymore). I say, get this once it's all done. Or at least for the Steam log-in(/fix)."
,Not Recommended,444090,29895516,Posted: 13 February,all,Ed Montana,Yes! Finally the Genji update!
76561198183128221,Not Recommended,444090,29458297,Posted: 24 January,all,footrat the fatrat 696698,gay dont playi like game it lets me play overwatch with massive hitboxes11/10 would play again
,Not Recommended,444090,30128092,Posted: 23 February,all,Soundwave,I don't like your essence system.REMOVE IT!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,444090,29668909,Posted: 3 February,all,Nikolai,"very original, my friends- you got Overwatch+ Heroes Of The Storm= Paladins. nice. cant you get something by yourself??? without stealing, my friend? anyway this game is not too bad but it could be better if it will get some original co-op missions or MP maps and something other."
,Not Recommended,444090,29495065,Posted: 25 January,all,Fallen,Overwatch is better. this is a copy of overwatch.
,Not Recommended,444090,30176967,Posted: 25 February,all,Farques Federico,i played this game old account that was awesome (it was lie )
76561197994425673,Not Recommended,444090,30177120,Posted: 25 February,all,you'refat!!,it's bad. Ir's like playing a crapy 2002 game in 2017
,Recommended,444090,29405591,Posted: 21 January,all,« ☁Consistency☁ »,"""Mom give me money for overwatch""""YOU LITTLE ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥♥♥ WHY WOULD I GIVE YOU 60 DOLLARS TO SPEND ONLY ON ONE GAME""""ok"""
,Recommended,444090,30018989,Posted: 18 February,all,marlon 🔥,"Review written in Version ""43 Beta"" (Patch where Maeve was added)So first off I want to say that I didn't played Overwatch but I know that some Champions are just copies of Overwatch Champions but I think that's definitely okay because the Overwatch Champions aren't the most inovative Champions.Paladins is the new Free2Play ""MOBA Shooter"" from HiRez. First time you launch the game (Obviously with steam) you have to create a HiRez Account and choose a IGN Name (You're HiRez Account Name isn't your In-Game Name!). I think that's pretty annoying sience this game is on Steam. After you leaved the Game launcher you're finally in-game and as I already mentioned than you have to choose a IGN Name. After choosing this name (Name Seption I guess) you just jump into a little tutorial where you really learn the basics off the basics (I mean you play Viktor).-> That's the first impression new players have, it's not a good start into game. Believe me and my friends.After doing all this♥♥♥♥♥♥you can finally play the actual game... Wait, you can't, you have to play versus fooking bots for the first 3 or 5 levels (Don't know the actualy level anymore).So we're level 3/5 no, let's play! The Game modes are actually not really inovative but they aren't really boring so that's kinda okay. One thing I hate about casual is that the matchmaking is crap, as a lv 5 player you find level 30 (Or above) players that are (obviously) a lot better than you. It's really frustrating to get destroyed in the first matches versus real players and no I'm not crying, now days I'm the level 30 guy.Let's jump to the gameplay, maps and champions.The gameplay is like you have it in every modern shooter exept that you can use special abilities like in a moba. The gameplay is working quiet well.The maps till yet are all really playable, but there are just 3/4 (We need more maps!) of them.The champions, the champions... I mean this is where I have to complain, I love Paladins and the champions but the balancing of them is just crap... After every patch One till Four Champions are completly broken and the Competitive Mode is just R.I.P. than. Please fix the balancing.->Is there Pay2Win in this game? Not really, I mean you have to unlock are champions with gold (Which you simply get by finishing games or completing challenges) but it's not a really long progress to unlock a Champion but I would recommend the Ultimate Edition where you get all Champions for free.This review was kinda weird ;3"
,Not Recommended,444090,30153813,Posted: 24 February,all,Zen,overwatch is better
76561198268931237,Not Recommended,444090,29564337,Posted: 29 January,all,Ziggi,"i think that game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t its copywrith overwatch. The creators copywrith too league of legends ,but they name the game""smite"""
76561198037285096,Recommended,444090,29429330,Posted: 22 January,all,dekadent✩,Meh.
,Recommended,444090,29937052,Posted: 14 February,all,Metro Boomin,St0p comparing with overwatch y0u salty nigg0s
,Not Recommended,444090,29934186,Posted: 14 February,all,Ezri is a Slut,uninstall simulator
,Not Recommended,444090,29931533,Posted: 14 February,all,*You're,Doesn't let me download the ♥♥♥♥ing updates.
76561198303336976,Not Recommended,444090,29469975,Posted: 24 January,all,fredbearfan7,Game would not load up.
,Recommended,444090,30013366,Posted: 18 February,all,DarkPower,Nice they say overwatch's duplicate but its more fun than overwatch
,Recommended,444090,29911230,Posted: 13 February,all,SpUnGeDeBuB,"this game has an overwatch vibe, i like it"
,Not Recommended,444090,30001801,Posted: 17 February,all,Rendra_,"ajing luh, knapa tiba tiba ilang sendiri dri library gw TOLOL LUsatu lagi, internet nya jngan terlalu lebay. hargai internet yg lemot!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198345616852,Recommended,444090,30207650,Posted: 26 February,all,| gamekit.com,i like this game it is fun
,Recommended,444090,30107565,Posted: 22 February,all,TheMoistestWeeb,I'm loving this game so far.i dont understand why people call this a rip-off of overwatch when its not.there are lots of differences betwen the 2 games.I see potential in this game.Good job Hi-Rez.
76561198328819174,Recommended,444090,30107728,Posted: 22 February,all,Midn1ght,"Paladins is one of the best Free to Play PC games I've encountered yet. No, it's not another Overwatch clone. This is a good game if you wanna work on grinding, or if you enjoy a long-gameplay experience overall, (As you have to grind to reach Ranked. Heavily.) It is also highly replayable- coming across multiple platforms through a linked Hi-Rez account. This game has me coming back to it again and again."
,Recommended,444090,29532287,Posted: 27 January,all,THOT,gg
,Recommended,444090,29532385,Posted: 27 January,all,BatLewd,great team-based game like Overwatch on Steam. and it's FREE
76561198209472587,Recommended,444090,30106907,Posted: 22 February,all,Ja sam Vedran,gud gaem empire
,Recommended,444090,30070304,Posted: 20 February,all,SourDezzel,HEROES ARE TOTAL RIP OFF OF OTHER GAMES! But with that outta the way the game is actually VERY fun and simple. I wish some heroes where a lil better balanced but its still new but all in all a lot of fun.
,Recommended,444090,30070743,Posted: 20 February,all,Lemor Memer,1000000000000000/10 never play it again
76561198193182353,Recommended,444090,30175519,Posted: 25 February,all,MONSTER 尓ツ,.
,Recommended,444090,30069913,Posted: 20 February,all,Lahllypop,skye is hot
76561198322961574,Not Recommended,444090,29474000,Posted: 24 January,all,Baron Klaus Von Squigglebottom,"yes, this is a good game, i loved it. i played it alot, then it loked me out of my account and i dont f*cking know why."
,Recommended,444090,30122851,Posted: 23 February,all,DeadKing02,It's like overwatch but free :D
,Recommended,444090,29688051,Posted: 4 February,all,tactical terrorist,"pretty good, overwatch with terrible graphics"
,Recommended,444090,30022983,Posted: 18 February,all,Ben10,bob saget
76561198135251621,Recommended,444090,29471044,Posted: 24 January,all,A Cactus,"VVGH, VVGl VVGF :)"
,Not Recommended,444090,29968785,Posted: 16 February,all,VRU™,cacat
76561198241398022,Not Recommended,444090,29730662,Posted: 5 February,all,poppipanda770,terrible game buy over you cheapos
76561198281967219,Recommended,444090,29760580,Posted: 7 February,all,Breenan,uh i couldn't play this on my mac so i'm gonna just say i think it would be fun! (:
,Recommended,444090,29816869,Posted: 9 February,all,SwaggyZ,Fun Game to play with Friends!
,Recommended,444090,29593423,Posted: 30 January,all,poptluka,"This is a GREAT GAME. Imagine Overwatch, Free, with a bit missing and a bit extra.Thats Paladins8/10 Still Prefer Overwatch"
76561198066821810,Not Recommended,444090,29443533,Posted: 23 January,all,Delsin53,Is it fun?For a while.Is it fair?Not at all.It's the most unbalanced game I've ever played.Its always the same exact team on both sides since the top 5 characters are OP as hell and the devs just keep buffing them since thats all anyone plays. They also keep nerfing the weaker characters since they may have an ability or two that can counter the top 5 OP characters. Good luck since you'll always die in 1-2 hits if you pick someone not in the top 5 and you'll never kill anyone in the top 5 either.
,Not Recommended,444090,30111758,Posted: 22 February,all,123,wasn't actually any paladins in this game
,Recommended,444090,29437546,Posted: 22 January,all,R O Y A L E,"It's like Overwatch...♥♥♥♥, I think it's Overwatch...Yep... It's Overwatch, but it's called Paladins...And it's broken like Overwatch...10/10"
,Recommended,444090,29706310,Posted: 4 February,all,Mefisto,U
,Not Recommended,444090,29415560,Posted: 21 January,all,VI VON ZULUL VI VON ZULUL,"Didn't catch me after 20mins, didn't impress me after 20mins, didn't even tell me anything about the game after 20mins. At least Overwatch, albeit not free, absolutely marvelled me at first sight in the open weekend. This game lacked that beginning oomph, so not investing any time into this or Overwatch, even though Overwatch was fun.suka bljat idi nahui"
76561198333137077,Not Recommended,444090,30080723,Posted: 21 February,all,dahlan.ghozaliii,"file selalu rusak, dan server jelek"
,Recommended,444090,30155287,Posted: 24 February,all,Sugarwoof12,Very Fun games to play with Friends 10/10
76561198070862884,Recommended,444090,29432100,Posted: 22 January,all,Ebola in a bottle,hi
,Not Recommended,444090,29401676,Posted: 21 January,all,ti ano dayon,bs game. even in just a login phase too many problems. i understand that this is a beta but every patch has the same problem. its ob41 now. when the beta will end? seriously they need to fix bugs and improve ui
,Not Recommended,444090,29401782,Posted: 21 January,all,nujaesku,its♥♥♥♥♥♥really
,Recommended,444090,30154428,Posted: 24 February,all,Meeseeker,"When I saw this, I was kinda skeptical. Buuuut after a few hours I came to love it. This is worth it for people who can't afford Overwatch! Quick and fun matches, and cosmetics.oh yeah, always refer IJplus"
76561198363874599,Recommended,444090,30161172,Posted: 25 February,all,PYBRO,it's good just go andixis
,Recommended,444090,29558517,Posted: 28 January,all,JIZZPLAY,This game stoopid
,Recommended,444090,30027325,Posted: 18 February,all,ThronxX,Just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥awesome. I will recommend to everyone on the steam world to play this game <3
,Recommended,444090,30030183,Posted: 19 February,all,76561198332159604,ez
,Recommended,444090,30027692,Posted: 18 February,all,hellatze,overwatch lacks of gameplay that this game provide of.
76561198004280586,Recommended,444090,30029906,Posted: 19 February,all,maxfarob,meh
,Recommended,444090,30150562,Posted: 24 February,all,ГРИН ДЪ РЪШАН БЛЯДЬ,"I love this game!! I'm not a big fan of fantasy games, but I decided to download paladins... After one casual game I knew this is my favourite game...I havent got big experience with games, but i think the graphics are good for theese system reccomendations. Gameplay is umm I dont know how to describe it - it is so cool (in my opinion), I dont see many toxic people. I like the loadout system - because you can make every champion much different from the normal. But there is a one champion, which kills the experience (sometimes) - this is VIKTOR - its just a guy from CoD...  Its sad to see how he kills you if you areplaying harder champions or learning them... But if you know how to play your champion it will be easier to kill him. Sometimes when you play casual the team doesnt follow you, doesnt help you - thats why I like more competitive, I use casual to practise before competitive and when i havent much time. Hi-Rez are releasing new patches though 2-3 weeks, which is cool in my opinion,Overwall I love the game, in my opinion there arent bad things in the game (Ooops...Viktor sometimes). And now this is my favorite game, good job Hi-Rez :)"
,Recommended,444090,30114448,Posted: 22 February,all,Danieljmwaters,"*Summary at end*I plan on writing a real review at some point for this game but I am leaving this mostly to counteract the hate for patch OB44. I would also like to state that if I feel this game becomes P2W to a hurtful degree I will change this review if I am still playing.People scream pay to win or that things are broken.  Guess what, this happens EVERY patch because the negative people jump out and cry that the champion they love got killed by a counter champion or they haven't learned how to counter or use the new champion.Recent examples include Tyra/Torv/Maeve with only Maeve really being the only character that could use a bit of adjusting due to being a bit too strong overall.  (She is not OP but she is a very strong champion that needs to be shut down by a team fast)Is everything perfect?  No of course not, however, they are working on balance and did something that needed to be done. They changed things up and expanded on options. (BTW most default champion options are the same as pre-patch but stronger)As far as P2W goes The new choice system is a step in the right direction and perhaps they need to tweak costs or how you get legendaries.Maybe a free legendary at LVL 10 for that champion would fix this or maybe it's more balanced for long term play and people just want to have everything.Anyway, the actual game is very enjoyable.  It's light-hearted in theme, it is easy to pick up a couple matches and move on and aside from some people you run into in every game that doesn't understand that pulling your team down doesn't make you look good it just hurts your chances for winning, it is a very solid game overall.*Summary*-Ob44 is a step in the right direction-People need to use constructive criticism instead of negative feedback.-The actual game is still fun and interesting with a few things needing adjustments.-Don't listen to the negative reviews about this patch because people don't like change and are afraid to lose a game they love."
,Recommended,444090,30114382,Posted: 22 February,all,njaam5,Really enjoy playing the game
,Recommended,444090,29751114,Posted: 6 February,all,IIDaRockII,sick multiplayer skill based shooter game :D
76561198304402640,Recommended,444090,29809280,Posted: 9 February,all,Soos,noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
76561198333774213,Recommended,444090,33401503,Posted: 9 July,all,Brigata_Curva_Sud,"my nick J4v4ScaR......add me friend,lets do fight Lol"
,Recommended,444090,30157379,Posted: 24 February,all,EreksiTakManusiawi,this gaem is quite addicting and always make you salty
,Recommended,444090,30173866,Posted: 25 February,all,Isaaciscoo,"It's like brawhalla to super smash brothers. It's fun until you buy the better version. (Overwatch) But still, it's free, and it's fun and suprisingly unique with the little buy system at the beginning of each round and skill cards."
,Recommended,444090,30040016,Posted: 19 February,all,big nice,niegh
,Recommended,444090,29447888,Posted: 23 January,all,Tairon777,Fun game.
,Not Recommended,444090,29651020,Posted: 2 February,all,snugs,"''Installs. Account creation failed, error 302. Finds way around it. Waits for hours only to realize that the update process isn't starting.''  10/10 - Would waste two hours of my life again."
,Not Recommended,444090,29651496,Posted: 2 February,all,Pablo,x
76561198131252921,Recommended,444090,30109837,Posted: 22 February,all,[GCN] WavRide,"I honestly love this game so much. Aside from the whole 'Overwatch copy' thing, (which they did a lot to add new characters and other aspects of the game that distinguish it from Overwatch) this game plays smooth, has a nice pace, but the UI in the new update sorta sucks, and the player is overcomplicated with lots of uneccesary additions. I would write one of those giant♥♥♥♥♥reviews, but Im just going to get back to playing this instead."
76561198087360680,Not Recommended,444090,29549606,Posted: 28 January,all,Ritzo,"Porque tengo que crear una cuenta en otro sitio, si ya estoy con una cuenta de steam???"
,Recommended,444090,30109941,Posted: 22 February,all,Nurend,"I have overwatch and i love that game. Paladins is just like overwatch. Thats why i also love paladins. Sometimes  i play overwatch but sometimes i play paladins. Just so you know. I dont give a ♥♥♥♥ about the comments that this game is a copy of overwatch, ;D goodbye :D"
76561197993960704,Not Recommended,444090,29454340,Posted: 23 January,all,Ishtar,Will consider a like - when you get a anti cheat
,Recommended,444090,30180245,Posted: 25 February,all,annie,paladins is a fun game
,Not Recommended,444090,30066053,Posted: 20 February,all,ToastyPoptart,stay away! i bought the account boost played for my 13 hours. played only victor(mostly) got him to lvl 12. got the diamond boarder. played only competative after getting my champs and there lvl. the game is not balanced at all. its just like 5 champs that are even worth playing all the rest suck i never once seen em win. its just playing agianst the same ones over and over. and when u play agianst a team that dosent have the good champs you steam roll them. most of the *cards* seem usless i would do about the same no matter what ones i had. some are quality of life ones though and are nice. go play overwatch if you enjoyed this.
76561198225504684,Recommended,444090,30178571,Posted: 25 February,all,csgoblocks.com Gamdom.com,Very good copy of Owerwatch maybe better than that :3
76561198263930142,Recommended,444090,30120083,Posted: 23 February,all,stephen.c.hom,"Fun gameplay with varied characters. A growing game that listens to the community. Keep in mind, this game is still in beta, so changes will occur, but it provides a fresh gameplay overtime."
76561198098330382,Recommended,444090,29830845,Posted: 10 February,all,Jeremy25738 | On Holiday,Really great if you cant afford Overwatch
76561198209242725,Not Recommended,444090,29719520,Posted: 5 February,all,Yui,Cant even create a account
76561198149667067,Recommended,444090,30178603,Posted: 25 February,all,xX_Mysterious_X3,"When i got this game, it ran so amazing, but after the ""hotfix"" update (the maintnance that took place from 17:00 to 19:00) it started freezing and lagging a lot even at minimum settings. if anyone has a fix without making my graphics run on a potato, please tell me."
76561198185168794,Not Recommended,444090,29739400,Posted: 6 February,all,jamesmag33,cant play it
76561198349358429,Recommended,444090,30131137,Posted: 23 February,all,carcody43,it fun :)kjohgfdx
,Recommended,444090,30171198,Posted: 25 February,all,RamboCreativity,"Not a bad game actually, not bad at all it may be inspired or directly ripped from overwatch but it's decent game overall 7/10 I don't know the facts but I honestly don't see why everyone hates this game. It's really polished or atleast tries to be but the only thing I see people hate is the abilities are way to similar to overwatch."
,Recommended,444090,29969531,Posted: 16 February,all,HoneyBadger,10 times better than Overwatch.
,Not Recommended,444090,29494615,Posted: 25 January,all,FluffinPuffin,Do Like this gameNo.But...If you cant afford Overwatch or Battleborn for that then you should play this game but be warned you get in to a controvertal battle between games
76561198021514044,Not Recommended,444090,29495605,Posted: 25 January,all,EBONYPAYLOAD,was good till EAC ♥♥♥♥ed me over for not cheating
,Recommended,444090,29552659,Posted: 28 January,all,∑∆WaffleGuy∆∑,"if you cant play overwatch for some reason (dont have the money, dont have a windows computer or something) play this"
76561198122663493,Recommended,444090,29552599,Posted: 28 January,all,WeebLord,i can bet that untill 2020 this game will get 70% like Overwatch for free
76561198348838420,Not Recommended,444090,30112279,Posted: 22 February,all,GeNdUt HaNdSoMe,I already have 12 hearo at mastery lvl 4 but i still cant play competitive. they just want you guys to buy the founders pack
,Not Recommended,444090,30161193,Posted: 25 February,all,SoidErg,Dont play on current state never logs in to profile
,Not Recommended,444090,30166975,Posted: 25 February,all,xn0cturnee,Had a loading problem fix.
,Not Recommended,444090,30169702,Posted: 25 February,all,Tahoe Boelat,"OB44 make me not recommend this game , its been great game before new patch , but new patch ruined it , now paladins is pay2win game"
,Not Recommended,444090,30226128,Posted: 27 February,all,Hermo,"Spent the last 30 minutes trying to launch the game with no success at all, I've made about 5 different accounts trying to get on the game. I havent seen the gameplay. I wanted to try this game despiting what my friends have told me about this game, that it is ""Broken"" and I yet have to see the game itself."
,Not Recommended,444090,30210639,Posted: 26 February,all,ΞSkullΞ,i's rather play a korean overwatch copy than this overwatch copy
,Not Recommended,444090,30151711,Posted: 24 February,all,Sp()()|<y I2Hot,fix your gad dum game... listen to the comunity
,Not Recommended,444090,30226919,Posted: 27 February,all,[HKC] Tebs,"Could not get it to work... Hi rez launcher didn't work, fixed that.. now tells me i need to free up 0GB for patches. That drive has over 50gb free?Gave up, uninstalled... Playing battlefield now!"
76561198325324936,Recommended,444090,29455757,Posted: 23 January,all,Jdee,Excellent game 4k mmr working on some leveling now! CHEESE .....
,Recommended,444090,30233122,Posted: 27 February,all,MattAttack,I've played Overwatch and Paladins. Refunded Overwatch and am now playing Paladins if that tells you anything. Lots of fun after you grind to unlock Competitive mode :D
,Recommended,444090,27489042,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,𝓑𝓸𝓷𝓮𝓣𝓸𝓪𝓭,Free to PlayFlee to PrayFee to Pay
76561197976945057,Not Recommended,444090,30133759,Posted: 23 February,all,Malice Lonewolf,"Game still has some severe balance issues for class power, and getting ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ teammates all the time forcing you to lose games gets old. Trash game dont waste your time with it. Cant even make a competetive 5 man team, max for queing is parties of 2. Beyond ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
,Not Recommended,444090,29411422,Posted: 21 January,all,dogey,>tf2 copy xdddddddd
,Recommended,444090,30124374,Posted: 23 February,all,DydCagliostroDyd,"OB44 is a very good patch.More variety in the builds thanks to the new legendary cards.Now there are a reason to use the gold you get during matches, buying a chest give you random normal/legendary cards for the builds or a new currency ""Essence"" when you get double card and you can use this currency for buying the cards you wants without need to pray RNGesus.If you like things like skins emote and similar in the chests you buy with normal gold you can get them, and if you get dupe of this, you get ""essence"" for the cards.Gold come from match based on your performance and if you win or not, you get even from daily login, first three win each days and from weekly challenge.For new players you get 36000 of this new currency only completing the tutorial, and you can get free chest simple levelling every hero to level 1-2-3-4 and 10.All this rewards are retroactive then even old players can get this.Can be a little grindy at start, but more card you get from chest more dupe card you get more essence you get and more cards you can buy without rng, so more you play more become quickly.I played various game with grindy mechanism like warframe, and this is alot less grindy.Need some balance oblivious and there is some bugs(new game mode ""Survival"" not working for now and they remove one hero for a bug), but for a beta is in a good state."
76561198135846372,Recommended,444090,29902365,Posted: 13 February,all,Led Z Dino,"Great, broken version of Overwatch.Just play Cassie or Skye :D100/10"
76561198205001985,Recommended,444090,29528895,Posted: 27 January,all,Qui¢kscopeR,Game is wonderful I like it
,Not Recommended,444090,29732171,Posted: 5 February,all,BuzzFeed,NERF KINESSA. U LEGIT NEED NO SKILL AND COULD DO WELL WITHT HAT B!TCH.
,Recommended,444090,29545375,Posted: 28 January,all,Parsha,Noice
,Not Recommended,444090,30154290,Posted: 24 February,all,PowerChopper,"The new P2W system has simply ruined the game, this was one of the few free games that wasn't P2W, now its ruined for new players..."
76561198072463341,Not Recommended,444090,26076439,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Proktologen,"Bought founderspack with all dlc, still i have to collect cards and♥♥♥♥♥♥ ripoff"
76561198194501333,Recommended,444090,29883119,Posted: 12 February,all,unknown,Very nice game to play - each champions has it's own powers which is great and also very balanced .
,Recommended,444090,29478693,Posted: 25 January,all,DarkEternal,It's fun but it would be better if I didn't have to teach people English while I play. I think I'll buy Overwatch instead.
,Not Recommended,444090,29480296,Posted: 25 January,all,Jerry`,Server's always down in this game ?
,Recommended,444090,30228845,Posted: 27 February,all,Stratty,Wait... This ain't club penguin.
,Recommended,444090,34522484,Posted: 26 August,all,WaatiWidya,nerf barik
,Recommended,444090,29409406,Posted: 21 January,all,Moltenslayerr,"fun game, if u like overwatch u will like this"
76561198271089324,Recommended,444090,30037299,Posted: 19 February,all,Codeine,If you don't own overwatch this is an above average game that plays like overwatch but with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ textures
76561198152988320,Recommended,444090,30049284,Posted: 19 February,all,Zsozsika cs.money,hahahaha
,Recommended,444090,30050667,Posted: 19 February,all,ToonZed,"Very good substitute for Overwatch. It's like it, but I take it as its own game."
76561198025424857,Not Recommended,444090,30117237,Posted: 23 February,all,Mini Necrosa,"Hey guys,changing the Review a bit because of the steps Hi-Rez took (positive ones).Paladins is a really nice game. It makes lots of fun and if you want to only play Casual this is one great F2P game for you.Why I still wouldn't recommend Paladins to new Players as a Free 2 Play game is the obvious Grind since Patch OB 44. Also there are a lot of problems like Drophacks and Botters in general that are kinda killing competetive. Also, without using any kind of Real World money you will find it hard to get the Essence (a currency to buy Cards Ingame, including the Legendary ones, look them up on the wiki) you need to flesh out the Champions as you want to.Hi-Rez said they want to fix all of those problems, if they will do that then I will Update my Review again to a positive one, until then: Casual Yes, Competetive No. If you are willing to pay ~ 20€ once + 5€ every few months, then also competetive yes.VVGF & VVGL"
76561198079697253,Not Recommended,444090,29902601,Posted: 13 February,all,Keyboard Warrior Sober,"complete carbon copy of overwatch, not even trying to disguise it."
76561198061307301,Recommended,444090,30132037,Posted: 23 February,all,HueX (Scottish Raiden),"There so many many people giving Paladins a negative review because of OB44 when it was updated.Just want to clear something up, people. PALADINS IS NOT PAY 2 WIN.You do not pay Hi-rez studios 0.99$ to get an aimbot headshot on enemies and an instant victory.It's a GRIND 2 WIN. And that's what people are complaining about now.People don't understand the definition between a true Pay 2 win and a Grind 2 win.Warframe is a Grind 2 win, And i enjoyed that game to death because it has a friendly community, good story that livens the spirits of players and keeps the commitment to the game despite its massive grind.The grind in OB44 is low compared to that of Warframe or even minimum compared to most extreme grind games.I'm used to grinding in a game so i'm almost immune to grinding in nearly any game i play.But just because of the grind, most players take it as a reason to give up and not play a good game.Some also think that the prices on the legendary cards and cards for new players are too high, which on that point, i can agree. It used to be 1200 gold on each card but now it has mixed prices due to rarity of each card, from common to rare.Legendary cards are 18k Essence each which are obtained from radiant chests you buy using 2500 gold. Say, each chest gives you about 2k essence at best.In total, you would need about 22,500 gold for each Legendary card which is quite a big grind. But for new players, this is a challenge wall they wouldn't touch unless they're a grind gamer which takes the challenge on. The grind is hard but still possible, people who don't want to invest their time in the game would back up quickly but for those who are patient and can appreciate a game like this, will continue playing.Another thing people complain about is about how this will affect competitive play or Esports Paladins games.They say that everyone would have an unfair advantage over each other. True that they would but the game still relies on skill, that enemy team may have better legendary cards but it counts on your skill to counter that card. Every champion still gets at least 1 free legendary card per champion they use out of the 3 legendary cards they can choose from.As for Esports games, what's to say Paladins won't give the legendary cards to the participants for free when they sign up for it, to even the odds when all participants enter the battle?In the end, it's true that Hi-rez still needs to have a ""New player"" friendly system but OB44 is not a reason to stop playing. People said the same about other games when a specific update for theirs came and yet people are still playing.I agree that Hi-rez studios should reduce the grind but i want to say it again, PALADINS IS NOT A PAY 2 WIN.Please get your facts straight people and don't jump to misleading conclusions.Like it or not, Hi-rez will still fix it in the end. A free to play game always has time to fix things."
,Not Recommended,444090,29819752,Posted: 10 February,all,KEL,A bad Overwatch
,Not Recommended,444090,30128366,Posted: 23 February,all,DemonSpud07,"Paladins was once a kind of fun little distraction, something you'd play instead of Overwatch or as a backdrop while talking with friends (Often making fun of how much this game takes from Overwatch, looking at you Fernando). But recently its become one of the messiest betas I've ever seen, buggy character models ingame, STILL using temporary art for a large majority of the in-game cards and the most recent patch has introduced ""Legendary Cards"", also known as ""Oh hey I'm gonna pay2win and get this card that makes me better than people that don't have it."" I haven't used many of them, but from what I've seen, they give a fairly large advantage when compared to the cards you get for free.I'm sure most people have also heard of this game from the fact that a lot of the content is very similar to content in Overwatch. For example, the character I mentioned earlier, Fernando. He's a tank class with a charge, a fireball, and a large, rectangular shield. Sound familiar? There's also Androxus, also known as McReaper as he has the distinct ""edgy"" feel of reaper, a long with a slightly similar design, but uses a revolver with the ability to unload 3 shots at once by right clicking, almost like Fan The Hammer in Overwatch.While the strikingly similar gameplay elements are very apparent, they never took away from the fun of the game. However, with recent patches turning the game into just another revenue stream for Hi-Rez its hard to see many people actually enjoying the without paying to win or just playing VERY casually, but I digress. Maybe somebody will be able to get some enjoyment out of this game in the state its in currently, but with how it is now, you're best off just buying Overwatch or playing TF2 if you want a fun class shooter, at least until Paladins gets fixed."
,Not Recommended,444090,30128898,Posted: 23 February,all,FHGT-JJKP-ZA4A,"OB44, if you play more than 3 characters and haven't already been playing for a while, don't bother. Just get Overwatch. grindfest 2017. worse than LoL"
,Not Recommended,444090,30024418,Posted: 18 February,all,beesus,World of Warcraft clone
76561198237121348,Not Recommended,444090,30166978,Posted: 25 February,all,Lieutenantガメラ,BUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUULLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLSSSSSS**************TTTTTTGo buy overwatch m80this is one of the worst FPSes i have ever played.
,Not Recommended,444090,29861058,Posted: 11 February,all,Viper.,Just get Overwatch
76561198326234445,Not Recommended,444090,30127140,Posted: 23 February,all,Bubblebuns,"Unless they ever revert the patch OB44 and do something about the stupid RNG chests instead of directly buying what the heck I want, I wouldn't waste a MB on this game. It's just full on grind or Pay2Win to be on equal footing now"
,Recommended,444090,29866631,Posted: 11 February,all,j e d e y,nerf maeve
76561198093138418,Not Recommended,444090,30019064,Posted: 18 February,all,KoldKone,Worst 10 minutes of my life.
,Not Recommended,444090,29529536,Posted: 27 January,all,Shizzleophrenia,lol
,Recommended,444090,30132112,Posted: 23 February,all,Neyo,best game everover watched copyed your stuff
76561198031863447,Not Recommended,444090,30087990,Posted: 21 February,all,PVPCrow,i dont recommend! they have no sense of direction they have no idea how to balance they are in the end gonna ruin there game as they did smite!
,Not Recommended,444090,30128719,Posted: 23 February,all,Sorter43,"+Sort of like overwatch, with customizability.- Overpriced skins (at least 5€ for a full set, if you don't use free crystals) - Cosmetics, so this is a minor complaint- Every new skin packed into a chest. First 2 chests contain nearly 100 items. - Besides the high cost of getting a skin, now it's packed into chests, so you have a 1/14 chance to get what you want. If you're lucky.- OB44 (like seriously, there is one thing that is good for players, but even making the standard chest buyable with gold was a thing long overdue)- New OP modifiers, that are locked behind essence, so you have to grind like♥♥♥♥♥♥just to get somehting that can make or break your build- OP modifiers can be rushed through buying crystals, so P2W is now a thing- Consistently infrequent server instability- Unfiltered balancing: God performing well in comp but♥♥♥♥♥♥overall? Better buff him more! (♥♥♥♥ing twice)"
,Not Recommended,444090,29806351,Posted: 9 February,all,Ya Boy Guzma,"Too poor to get Overwatch, or too upset to get it since it brutally murdered tf2? This game is for you. If you have Overwatch, Dont even think about it."
,Not Recommended,444090,29806634,Posted: 9 February,all,"""ケーサー""",Free Overwatch
,Not Recommended,444090,29857512,Posted: 11 February,all,DJ Sw4gman,"I mean, if your too ♥♥♥♥in poor to just get Overwatch, its ok. I guess.Its still bad though."
76561197970751724,Not Recommended,444090,29507415,Posted: 26 January,all,Juggernaut,Lack of music and poorly optimised controls/graphics.
,Not Recommended,444090,29654173,Posted: 2 February,all,Tauntineer,"This game is more worse tha Overwatch, Paying for a character. You gotta be joking me, TF2 is better than this♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198237640260,Recommended,444090,30124951,Posted: 23 February,all,Camataru,10/10
,Not Recommended,444090,30001236,Posted: 17 February,all,Bonji Wonji,"Dude, its literally its Overwatch..."
,Recommended,444090,30124595,Posted: 23 February,all,Not Falle,I love Overwatch
,Not Recommended,444090,29893987,Posted: 13 February,all,KrepTor,"How dare the makers of this game have the ♥♥♥♥ing audacity to claim that they are not influenced by Overwatch. I do understand that they are the same roots with the same main idea however there is no denying the similarites. If only they admitted to this, then I would gain respect for them but to claim that they are completely original makes me hope the creater dies of as car crash and his daughter has to watch him be lowered into his grave. Overwatch, they had many similar qualities to TF2 and they ADMITTED TO IT! They said that they influenced many of their heros off of TF2 but here comes palidans even stated that ""While OVERWATCH is a fine game, it was not the inspiration for paladins"" If that's true then how do you explain the new hero Maeve is undeniable similar to Overwatch's own Sombra. Not only is her color scheme the same but she has the same main ability of disrubting the enemy's ablilities. She also has a move called ""Prowl"" which is very similar to Sombra's ""stealth"" ability. As I mentioned, if only this game had the self respect to admit that they started as a clone, and continue to clone the ideas from Blizzard Entertainment, then I would have a respect for their work."
76561197972760358,Not Recommended,444090,30088945,Posted: 21 February,all,GoosE,OH C'MON!!This game is the unpolished bad graphics low budget version of Overwatch. This game makes Overwatch looks like a perfect Diamond. And don't even tell me its because of this games early state.If you have played Overwatch - DO NOT THOUCH THIS. (Unless you want a laugh that is)If you are looking for a shooter and don't have any money please go right ahead.
,Not Recommended,444090,29854213,Posted: 11 February,all,Burki,Overwatch aldım artık bunun yüzüne bakmıyorum bu Hakkari overwatch Paris amk
,Not Recommended,444090,29581031,Posted: 29 January,all,✪ BrainOverLoad,THREE WORDS :EASY ANTI CHEAT
76561198257483250,Not Recommended,444090,29878464,Posted: 12 February,all,RastaThePotato,This game is actually full of♥♥♥♥♥♥Expensive items and unbalanced heroes will ♥♥♥♥ ur time.My main problem is unbalanced mother♥♥♥♥ing heroes.They screw you.Ruckus with unlimited mother♥♥♥♥ing ammonation is gonna beat your face up.Enjoy this trashie game :)
76561198119710825,Not Recommended,444090,29988361,Posted: 17 February,all,CrypticElements,2manyhax4me
76561198200626091,Not Recommended,444090,30029413,Posted: 19 February,all,noscope god,paladin 1/10 overwatch 10/10
,Recommended,444090,30116002,Posted: 23 February,all,Pepsodent,good
76561198169657975,Not Recommended,444090,29912214,Posted: 13 February,all,born of osiris,You had a great game that i would play every day. But when you added meave i thought she was cool at first but now when i see a player on the other team playing meave i just want to leave the game and play something else
76561198263944550,Not Recommended,444090,29577428,Posted: 29 January,all,Daybreak,overwatch clone
,Not Recommended,444090,30185801,Posted: 25 February,all,Papi,"I initially found out about this game through people playing Smite, they told me that its an FPS with ability based characters like Smite. My first time playing it was cut short, due to me realizing that ITS THE SAME F*CKING THING AS OVERWATCH.So now Im going to piggyback off the comments of another reviewerOVERWATCH IS 10X BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10X BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10X BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10X BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10X BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10X BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10X BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10X BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10X BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10X BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10X BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10X BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10X BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10X BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10X BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10X BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10X BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10X BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10X BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10X BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10X BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10X BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10X BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10X BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10X BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10X BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10X BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10X BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10X BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10X BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10X BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10X BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10X BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10X BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10X BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10X BETTER:)CLARIFICATION EDITSOverwatch is 10x better because they dont have 10 minutes of downtime and stupid character designs, like Skye, who's supposed to be a ""flank"" but has a giant AOE ultimate that does 5000 damage. Tracer on the otherhand has an ultimate that makes sense, its not a giant AOE ultimate, its single target orientated.Tracer doesnt go invisible btw"
,Not Recommended,444090,29734279,Posted: 5 February,all,เจ้าโอ็ต,Why pay for Overwatch when you can enjoy free TF2.But what about this game?Just go and enjoy TF2 or save for OW but NOT THIS GAME.That's it. I'm back to TF2. *flies away*
,Not Recommended,444090,30250899,Posted: 28 February,all,Baerthe,"I would recommend this game. it's great, a fun game over all.but this new third currency ""essence"" makes the game straight up pay to win and ruins the whole thing.I bought the founder's pack when this game CAME OUT and am severely disappointed with how things ended up. I should have just got overwatch..."
,Not Recommended,444090,29540480,Posted: 28 January,all,Daenerys Baratheon,Feels cheap AF
,Recommended,444090,29793945,Posted: 8 February,all,Miss Akira the Spookybutt,"NotOverwatch is a game that features original characters and gameplay styles not seen before. In NotOverwatch, the story follows six people fighting six other people. You have War Tortle, Johnny Martison, Ice Cube, Red Undead Redemption, and a whole bunch of other people.It also has a horse in NotOverwatch. People get horses. I don't need to explain anything more.You go around and shoot the other people for some reason. My guess is because someone did something really messed up.Basically this game is better than Clustertruck and is a 11/10 experience. Best original story, best screenplay, best actor, and best director of Kraft Services.Considering the amount of hours I've played NotOverwatch, I know what I'm talking about."
,Not Recommended,444090,30208460,Posted: 26 February,all,🌹LilKOZMO♋society.gg,"The game might be entertaining at first, but as soon as you really get into the ranked games you soon realize that the whole system is completely ♥♥♥♥ed. After winning all 5 of my test games and having a K/D of over 7 EVERY game with mal' damba I was set to 3500 points. This system is ♥♥♥♥ed, so  I don't recommend this game if you're a competitive person like me."
,Not Recommended,444090,29876946,Posted: 12 February,all,Tacoman,Positives1. FreeNegatives1. I can excuse this game being like overwatch but overwatch does everything better2.only play agianst bots unless your plus level 5
,Not Recommended,444090,30231023,Posted: 27 February,all,twitch.tv/thehamgamer,Devs found out about copy and paste
76561198140700270,Not Recommended,444090,30127929,Posted: 23 February,all,BatteredWife,"play overwatch then play this, out of all the overwatch copys this takes the cake."
,Not Recommended,444090,30196003,Posted: 26 February,all,rcie,meh
76561198127589311,Not Recommended,444090,30196307,Posted: 26 February,all,scv ready,free 2 play for kids that rush and have no ideea what to do.
76561198133533817,Not Recommended,444090,30196160,Posted: 26 February,all,PapaNomaly-God,its a ♥♥♥♥ing overwatch rip-off before i buyed overwatch i didn't saw how♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is but now i realised its just a bootleg overwatch
,Not Recommended,444090,30188217,Posted: 25 February,all,FaZe Baroque,How this game is part of Esports is beyond me.Game is♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,444090,31230608,Posted: 18 April,all,Orin,"Игра очень даже не плоха. Только не стоит играть в неё ожидая, что вы получите ""Бесплатный Овервотч"". Скорее эта игра похожа на Battleborn. Быстрая, динамичная и высокий шанс встретить неадекватных тиммейтов\читеров (как обычно в ф2п играх).Игра - хорошая. Игроки - так себе. Донат - чистая косметика\эксп бустеры.Но в любом случае - вы ничего не потеряете, если попробуете."
,Recommended,444090,25653619,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,BreakinBacon,"This game is alot like Overwatch. And I love Overwatch. So I love this game.10/10, would play again."
76561198345428561,Recommended,444090,30155497,Posted: 24 February,all,Jo,One of the best games I've played.
76561198035668946,Recommended,444090,29444619,Posted: 23 January,all,Sigmund Freud,even doe I only played this game for 55 hours I still find it to be one of the best F2P games out thereBUT needless to say this game lack chapions I´ve got them all just after 55 hours of game play and I´ve got 55K credits wich is enough to buy another 11 champions! But I still find the game fun because the campions aren´t related to each other when it comes to abilities wich makes it hard to get tired of the game and this is just like overwatch even doe it came out before overwatch
,Recommended,444090,30077997,Posted: 21 February,all,SilenT,ntap
76561198299203778,Not Recommended,444090,30016027,Posted: 18 February,all,paulbuechel33,it wont download on the launcher it goes to 20 percent and restes
76561198051745185,Not Recommended,444090,30011134,Posted: 18 February,all,Koh no kill <3,Wow.. I don't even know where to start..So game seemed fun.. then I met some Sniper chick who would one shot pop people off and Maeve..lets add a speedy assassin in a game where everyone else is slow.So smite got less support for this game and soon this game will be dropped by Hi-Rez also when Smite Tactics hits (if it ever comes out)
,Not Recommended,444090,29910383,Posted: 13 February,all,⚔★MrKeldeo★⚔,"This basically an Overwatch spin-off...""-10/10 wouldn't play again"" -NGI"
,Recommended,444090,30161481,Posted: 25 February,all,DestranterCZ,Burekemereteberekemkebtereteberekemebere
,Not Recommended,444090,29650286,Posted: 2 February,all,✪ SunSh1ne ✪,THIS GAME DOESNT EVEN WORK FOR ME
,Recommended,444090,30030003,Posted: 19 February,all,Ellathestaffy,Overwatch for poor people
,Recommended,444090,30107226,Posted: 22 February,all,RapidFire24,"♥♥♥♥♥this game bro if u liked smite this is even better first person view, lit graphics just just a great game is crazy cool i totally recomend this game"
76561198251335570,Recommended,444090,29660175,Posted: 2 February,all,Blastrus,a great game
76561198119871096,Not Recommended,444090,28692355,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Casdir,"This game has a lot of cheaters using aimbots and/or wallhacks. I'm not even kidding, every 10th to 15h game you will most likely run into a cheater. They certainly have to step up their anti-cheat, If they even use one that is.Also, lots of bugs. Error messages that throw you out of the game, glitches where you get hooked through shields, or ledge hooks that throw you off the cliff because of a makoa hooking you and turning around, having you placed behind him instead (nice hook mechanic!), or ultimates that take literally a whole damn second to even activate (fernando's for example. sound cue goes off, but ultimate doesn't activate), and yadda yadda yadda.A poor man's Overwatch which actually has potential to be a good game, if they fix some of the listed problems and more. Hopefully they will manage these problems in the future."
76561198260585984,Recommended,444090,30028217,Posted: 18 February,all,Maw maw warrior,Just play itthan compare it to Overwatch!
76561198362130264,Recommended,444090,30131742,Posted: 23 February,all,Ahmed ToP,"I considered this game to be a good one, a valid alternative to Overwatch for Steam Owners. However, with the latest patch released today, the OB 44 (Open Beta 44), this game has become what many of us feared most: a Pay To Win."
,Not Recommended,444090,29414951,Posted: 21 January,all,Cimi | Banana Flavoured Milk,"P : Can i copy your homework?T&O : Sure, change it up a bit so it doesnt't look obvious you copiedP : OK"
76561198192692938,Recommended,444090,30222996,Posted: 27 February,all,TheEchoGamingTvOnYoutube,This shouldnt be a Beta its like the Full game
,Not Recommended,444090,29718278,Posted: 5 February,all,big boy,"Overwatch with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ maps and unbalanced characters.If you can't buy Overwatch (or can't run it), just play this."
,Not Recommended,444090,30188818,Posted: 25 February,all,Фыр,ПлюсыЗамена овера :Персы и способности:МинусыЧитеры :Тупая тима каторая взяв танка хрен знает где шляеться
,Recommended,444090,30029539,Posted: 19 February,all,IN$ANITY,Intereseting
76561198150175673,Not Recommended,444090,29860379,Posted: 11 February,all,Shibe,I downloaded this game and now three months later it wont let my account connect to the servers
76561198011555291,Recommended,444090,29539324,Posted: 28 January,all,ॐMan¥Dra`,good game its overwatch.
,Not Recommended,444090,30186224,Posted: 25 February,all,african america,Tf2 Clone
76561198136601287,Not Recommended,444090,30193097,Posted: 26 February,all,BoNsT1K CSGO500,Немогут сбалансированное ПВЕ сделать тупые
,Not Recommended,444090,30237042,Posted: 28 February,all,noorea,"So much nerfs wowWowBroken hitbox wow, such wow"
76561198339953890,Recommended,444090,30114155,Posted: 22 February,all,MooMooMilkzzz,nnls;c
,Recommended,444090,30025498,Posted: 18 February,all,WY_13,I don't know how to play! :3
76561198204056941,Recommended,444090,29578544,Posted: 29 January,all,WangIsMyThang,"You ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥s ♥♥♥♥ing ripping the ♥♥♥♥ out of ♥♥♥♥ing Overwatch you dumb♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ go ♥♥♥♥ing hang yourselves i ♥♥♥♥ing hate all of you you worthless peices of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Burn in hell.Good game, keep up the nice work :)"
,Recommended,444090,30245338,Posted: 28 February,all,صسنأنان ✪  // SoStronk.com,free overwatch rip off :P
,Recommended,444090,25554472,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Haji,"Paladins is a great alternative to those who can't play Overwatch. It has some similarities but is not a rip off of OW if you look at how long the game has been in development you can see that.At this stage of the game there is currently one location and two different areas of that location from what I can tell from the time I've played. There are a handful of champions to choose from all with different skills and roles (Tank, dps, support, flank).Games typically go in a format where your team must capture a neutral point in the middle of the two teams and whichever team caps the point unlocks the payload and gets a match point. If you successfully push the payload to the destination you get another match point. If you fail, the enemy team gets a point. First team to 4 points wins.There is a competitive mode for those who wish to take the game a bit more seriously but you must rank up a number of champions before you can do so.Microtransactions are in the game but in this day and age it's looking like that's looking like any multiplayer game. If you get the founder's pack you will have access to all champs in the future and you get 20 chests to open which contain cards you can use to customize loadouts for your heroes.The game has a lot of promise I hope to see some new areas, possibly some new game modes and maybe a little more depth to the in-game item building. If you like Overwatch or are looking for an alternative to Overwatch this game is for you.TL;DR It's a nice cheap alternative to Overwatch with MOBA elements.If you'd like I have a video showing some gameplay and talking about the game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_8sdKeyELW4"
,Not Recommended,444090,29895861,Posted: 13 February,all,Firebook,game is ♥♥♥♥ xd is trash
,Recommended,444090,30154602,Posted: 24 February,all,RipaRoo,a great hero shooter and in my OPINION it is better then overwatch in its own ways
76561198072946370,Not Recommended,444090,30237549,Posted: 28 February,all,mark.barcellano,Seriously? it is the game's fault for deserter issues and you guys impose a 30 minutes penalty? your server sucks and you are going to penalize players for your game's fault.
76561198320939951,Not Recommended,444090,30223637,Posted: 27 February,all,VANS,игра былубу норм если не этот ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥о движок и оптиммизацыя у меня всЁ
,Recommended,444090,29841522,Posted: 10 February,all,dertmeme,better then overwatch
,Recommended,444090,30221987,Posted: 27 February,all,Bard,"A decently fun hero shooter that's free. Not much to complain about. Could use a bit of polish but it lacking a pricetag sort of explains the lack thereof.Getting gold, the currency used to buy heroes and some cosmetics, is extremely easy, and there's hardly a grind at all. Just playing the game normally tends to flood you with currency and cards used in their special loadout system.People are making a big ordeal about this new ""essence"" thing, but it's not bad at all if you actually play the game. There are currently some balancing issues but it's not unplayable. Worth a try."
,Not Recommended,444090,29732231,Posted: 5 February,all,Daddy Cool,"Good idea. But balance is awful. Even Overwatch, which I hate, is more balanced than this game. One her has 20 bullets which he can shoot in 2 seconds to kill you, while you got a bow, which takes 4 headshots to kill. Balanced yes?It's free, if you don't belive me, try it out and report back.First 5 levels you play vs bots that have instant lock onto you so yea. You still win cos they're dumb, but fkin annoying."
,Recommended,444090,29594392,Posted: 30 January,all,☭ gav8077☭,"♥♥♥♥♥ if you want a hot game like overwatch download it, this is the♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,444090,30238015,Posted: 28 February,all,Nivis,this is now prettymuch PTW
,Recommended,444090,29791356,Posted: 8 February,all,Avraham Stern (asian bistro),boobs
,Recommended,444090,30049904,Posted: 19 February,all,edeN,it good
76561198132172992,Recommended,444090,30049461,Posted: 19 February,all,Die One Thousand Deaths,#BetterThanOverwatch10/10
76561198083471697,Not Recommended,444090,29772449,Posted: 7 February,all,Neodin,Complete Overwatch knockoff. Blizzard could probably win a  copyright lawsuit if they sought one.
,Not Recommended,444090,29984096,Posted: 17 February,all,Dayeon,When people just can't afford overwatch or they are just really bad at the game.
76561198283265238,Not Recommended,444090,29708377,Posted: 4 February,all,Larrold Zimbee,Overwatch but it is a hassle to play
76561198261491909,Not Recommended,444090,30037080,Posted: 19 February,all,🅱avid,THIS GAME IS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T I HAVE TRYIED TO DOWNLOAD IT AND START IT BUT THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥DOES NOT WANT TO WORK I WANT TO KNOW WHY MY VERIFICATION DOESN'T WANT TO WORK. LET ME KNOW STEAM PLEASE.
76561198066579533,Not Recommended,444090,29425589,Posted: 22 January,all,Oleg,Overwatch but for poor dumb kids
,Not Recommended,444090,29640153,Posted: 1 February,all,ZRareDraak115,no
76561198004692769,Not Recommended,444090,29784362,Posted: 8 February,all,MrDMallard,"THIS GAME IS A SALT FACTROY. All you have to do to win is play as Cassey or Skye AND YOU WIN!!!!!! No strategy! Just shot your weapon in the general direction of your foes, AND THERE DAED!!!!! (Cus the hit box is SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO broken)  WOOP DA DO you have a kill steak of a thousand billion. AND DON'T GET ME STARTED ON Online Matches, its so unfair. Your team is usually composed NOOBS!!!! On the opposing team is composed of Cassy, Sky, Makoa, and Viktor. So you've lost. THE END. Over I rate this game -thousand billion/10"
,Recommended,444090,30122941,Posted: 23 February,all,Harsaw,"Whatever you do, Viktor get the top play.Best Overwatch simulator."
76561198216747457,Recommended,444090,30126199,Posted: 23 February,all,Predstavnik Medija,Good game...only tis isue:It gets repetativ!
,Not Recommended,444090,29870609,Posted: 12 February,all,ImToppen,if overwatch took a♥♥♥♥♥♥after eating some mexican food.
76561198298866649,Not Recommended,444090,29471115,Posted: 24 January,all,NinjCast,Your copying overwatch.
,Not Recommended,444090,29947277,Posted: 15 February,all,count grapula,a piece of garbage game with loads of imbalances and torn inner workings
76561198330374042,Not Recommended,444090,29869382,Posted: 12 February,all,Warm,WORST GAME EVER IT WONT LET ME LOGIN STUPID RIPOFF OF OVERWATCH BUT ITS FREE AND ITS CRAP
76561198152806191,Not Recommended,444090,29809989,Posted: 9 February,all,emerypj,its says free account but it robs you of its time
,Not Recommended,444090,29751785,Posted: 6 February,all,st1cky,♥♥♥♥ THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME! ACCOUNT CREATION  CAN SUCK A♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198019659226,Not Recommended,444090,29415931,Posted: 21 January,all,armorer,Horrible trash. From the same ♥♥♥♥♥♥ devs who brought you Global Shitgenda Hit boxes are all over the place. Pay - to - win .  Uninstall!!!!!
76561198093600620,Not Recommended,444090,30227672,Posted: 27 February,all,yerroc00,"Get rid of the new money system with the elixer crap and bring back gold for cards, then you will have a game worth playing."
,Not Recommended,444090,30111612,Posted: 22 February,all,Sparkly,this is such a good game but the devs are to lazy to make gmail work as a login
,Not Recommended,444090,29741026,Posted: 6 February,all,IMFROMBOTSWANA,"Stupid game. Started playing this piece of worthless whatever you'd like to call it, the day it came out. It was playable back then. Now it's like playing League of Legends, with 5 Rengar's in the other team, while you play with 4 Soraka's. The game is SUPER unbalanced (Well done on the champ that has immunity for the longest time that can 5 hit you while you can't do sh#t to him) The game only has noob players that are in your team, if they do not find noob players to throw in your team to make you lose, they'd make you wait long hours in the queue till they find cancerous players to join you and give you strokes repeatedly. I used to recommend this game to people, now I won't even touch the game again. I'd rather pay for Overwatch, and avoid medical costs for when I get a stroke from this bad game. I won't even try Smite now, since it's made by the same company and thanks for making it super ez for people to bypass the so called ""Easy Anti Cheat"" cause these players tilt me into infinity and beyond - Buzz Lightyear. Please, don't reproduce, otherwise your kids will make a game similar to this and I would have to play PS4 everyday and not play PC anymore. P.S Your game sucks lulz gtfo"
76561198128553580,Recommended,444090,30115968,Posted: 23 February,all,The Toasted Toaster,my friends were raving about the game os i looked at it.found out it was FREE!!!!!played it for 2 hours.absolutley looooooved it!!!!!10/10
76561198188122761,Not Recommended,444090,29664063,Posted: 2 February,all,フツノミタマ,pay2win.have nice team get rekt by new heroes
76561198034628087,Not Recommended,444090,29452680,Posted: 23 January,all,monsterparty,IF YOUR LOOK FOR A CHEAP FREE TO PLAY CLON OF OVERWATCH  WITH VERY LITTLE MAPS AND UNBLANCED GAME PLAY THEN THIS IS TRUE FIT FOR YOU.
76561198127252277,Not Recommended,444090,29983147,Posted: 17 February,all,The Gold Experience,haha
76561198097299057,Recommended,444090,30122721,Posted: 23 February,all,Infamous Mobb Deep,"Sad that one patch can turn a player base against a company.... All the negative reviews here are literally in response to one part of a great game that just got introduced.... play this game and disregard the hate and crybabying... you won't regret itThis game is always compared to Overwatch... I think it's similar in the same way LoL and Dota are, but in the end these are two different games.  If you like the premise of either you will like the other.  The big differences are 5v5 as opposed to 6v6 which means smaller and more concise maps in Paladins.  Also a ton more customization options here as far as what your champion does in game which is really cool.  A theme of choosing a playstyle even after you've selected a champion is recurrent and pretty awesome.  Also there is a ton of movement/escape abilities in Paladins.  These disengage or reset skills are alot of fun to work with and really make the sky a viable area of contention.I'll probably go back and buff this review out because I love this game.  I wouldn't even have bothered writing this but all the negative reviews based off a patch implemented 24 hours ago really ruffled my feathers.  The devs and the game deserve more than that so here I am knighting for a game I'd hate to see take any flack that it hasn't earned.Personally the patch is hit or miss I like it and love to see how old unviable champs are kicking♥♥♥♥♥  3k hours of Dota and I left when they released Dota 3, but I don't feel the changes in Paladins are as big as people are making them out to be, after about 10-15 matches I really haven't felt anything is broken.  But make your own call download the game and give it a whirl."
76561198088085783,Not Recommended,444090,30122839,Posted: 23 February,all,BigBoiTheRat,This is not overwatch wtf ???????
76561198170819021,Not Recommended,444090,29410068,Posted: 21 January,all,Basil Brush,"What can I say?What an original game!A Character that is in a robot suit that boosts up and hovers around in the air with a rocket launcher, they need to pay some1 a lot of money to come up with such unique ideas!A Tank Character who can deploy a transparent shield with a charge ability. Again we see sucj inovative ideas. These guys are so good.The movement seems pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥Hud is Ugly!When u take damage it only goes down on ur bar and not much indication that u r low on health!Bad characters!Bad Graphics!Worst of all the maps!Just download it if ur a chepo and wont buy overwatchBTW this is a♥♥♥♥♥♥takeOVERWATCH MASTER RACE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198162189307,Not Recommended,444090,29700597,Posted: 4 February,all,bb sabado,i broke my leg because of androxus and god damn skye ♥♥♥♥ her mutant♥♥♥♥♥♥game dont play this mutant game for kurve jebene dziberske
76561198153480226,Not Recommended,444090,30189547,Posted: 26 February,all,`Kezio`,I really cant say something good about it :/If u have a bad pc/cant buy overwatch play it
,Not Recommended,444090,30128030,Posted: 23 February,all,Chr15,0verwatch rip offi need that tracer booty
,Not Recommended,444090,29813945,Posted: 9 February,all,BlueJay,"after 170 hours playing, i uninstalled the game. Bye."
,Not Recommended,444090,29964465,Posted: 16 February,all,Sylvius★,too ez
76561198053001072,Not Recommended,444090,29465414,Posted: 24 January,all,$panky,Overwatch but a lot less fun
,Recommended,444090,30104694,Posted: 22 February,all,Thomasmalibu,"very similar to overwatch but still a great game, great for playing with your mates and its free to play with elements pay to win such as buying chests and crystals which is the only thing i hate about online games today, its a must download for me, very addictive gameplay"
76561198215352959,Recommended,444090,29530637,Posted: 27 January,all,iMilond003,Who the hell needs overwatch?
,Not Recommended,444090,29996871,Posted: 17 February,all,FinTur,k.
,Not Recommended,444090,25705155,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Just a Sandvich,"""Overwatch for the poor""I've played this since it was in closed beta, so I have some ground to stand on with this review.Clunky, slow, unbalanced. That's the best way I can describe this game.The FPS elements are slow, every bullet or projectile has no weight to it, and the cartoony style doesn't help.The game is terribly unbalanced at the time of this review, there is no synergy, no rhyme or reason to the characters and their abilities, and yes, most of them are very obviously stripped from Overwatch.If you have the money, go play Overwatch. If you don't, avoid this game and stick to better free FPSs like Hawken or TF2, or MOBAs like DOTA or LoL, because this game fails at both genres."
76561198179568467,Not Recommended,444090,29436944,Posted: 22 January,all,protik234,every hirez game just ♥♥♥♥ing sucks.....♥♥♥♥♥♥ server + ♥♥♥♥♥♥ matchmaking=gg
,Not Recommended,444090,30068392,Posted: 20 February,all,chubby korean kid,"strait up cheap♥♥♥♥♥copy of overwatch.""mom can i borrow your credit card?""""no""*download palidins*"
76561198281780920,Not Recommended,444090,30083030,Posted: 21 February,all,Kill4Cola,naspa jocnu mi placeterminati cu asteava rog sa il stergeti
76561198354244248,Not Recommended,444090,30000225,Posted: 17 February,all,Angel047,Its a piece of trash game didn't let me make an account in game or the website don't download this game it sucks.
,Not Recommended,444090,30092975,Posted: 21 February,all,Supedup,Pretty good if you can't afford overwatch (͡ ° ͜ʖ ͡ °)
,Recommended,444090,30122897,Posted: 23 February,all,Umarex101,I really like Paladins and i think you would like it
76561198046792837,Not Recommended,444090,29888217,Posted: 12 February,all,Octavalchain,"Buy Overwatch, it does way better everything."
,Not Recommended,444090,29754431,Posted: 6 February,all,_ Zenith,"Too easyIf you have any sense of aim, then you are too good for this game. There is no sense of learning. Maybe it's because of all of the hours of Overwatch and TF2 that I played, but the hitboxes are completely bs. I ran in with no game sense and got 15 kill streaks. My first game I got play of the game, and I had no idea how to play the character I was playing."
,Recommended,444090,30238993,Posted: 28 February,all,Ileryon3000,#BUFFMAEVE YES IM HERE COPY PASTA #BUFFMAEVE ALL AROUND THE WORLD﻿Am I death
,Not Recommended,444090,30245810,Posted: 28 February,all,efenty,"Confusing, frustrating, over all ♥♥♥♥♥♥."
,Not Recommended,444090,30223290,Posted: 27 February,all,fawk hellcase.com,devs aren't nice :((
76561198273794760,Not Recommended,444090,30250312,Posted: 28 February,all,vladimirbhill,its bad you got to do all of this just to play a game really when i clicked the play botton it was loading and it said you dont have something and im like all of that work for this shi#
,Recommended,444090,30130194,Posted: 23 February,all,illegal immagrent,the best fast paste fps game
,Not Recommended,444090,29675016,Posted: 3 February,all,TommyTheCommy,M8 this game is the easiest♥♥♥♥♥♥ever why does anyone play this♥♥♥♥♥♥i mean its kinda fun but still to easy everyone is braindead -10/10 IGN would kill myselfP.S. Poorman's Overwatch
,Not Recommended,444090,29961975,Posted: 16 February,all,[YT] Silver Light,IT ♥♥♥♥ING OVERWATCH RIP OFF ADMIT IT IT DOES ALL KINDS OF♥♥♥♥♥♥WHY NOT JUST PLAY OVERWATCH INSTEAD OF THIS♥♥♥♥♥
76561198236521258,Not Recommended,444090,30247919,Posted: 28 February,all,Gotenks,йтрашгтхйытэжфхнйтиедкюк
76561198126569366,Not Recommended,444090,29709936,Posted: 4 February,all,OH MY GOTH,This is just poor mans overwatch/tf2
76561197972300211,Not Recommended,444090,29979000,Posted: 16 February,all,Wyrmnus,"For years, ever since HALO 3 I thought I could finally get back into Competitive shooters. The fast paced yet comfortable action made me feel I could actually get into this. Boy was I wrong. See, you could read up on guides and learn how to play the game and everything. But, that doesn't stop the game's UNHEALTHY matchmaking system from inadvertedly pairing you up with IMBECILES. From Frontliners that go chasing after kills to healers forgetting they can heal, this game has 1000 ways to♥♥♥♥♥♥you off and turn even the calmest of Tibetian Monks raging mad. This game's matchmaking has made me so frustrated to the point that I HAVE CUT MYSELF. Yes, Hi-Rez. Your game has made me inflict injury to myself because if I were to rage on things around me, well.. I wouldnt have a monitor, or a kyeboard, or a headset, heck even a PC.As of this writing, my last match was the last straw. 3 frontliners in my team.. and only one of em went covering point. The other 2 were either spouting out Spanish ( dont even get me started on the stupidity that is the fact we have to share  a single international server without any form of voice chat ) or just ♥♥♥♥ing standing there. I'm done. I cant torture myself like this anymore. I was counting on you to get me outta my shell here with this nicely put together game Hi-rez. But ever since the Torvald release ( OB42 ), my feeling of hope quickly turned to one of absolute despair. At the very least, for the sake of a review, I will list Pros and Cons.Pros:- Solid Graphics and animations- For a "" Open Beta "", nice selection of maps- Awesome Collectible card loadout system- Simple, yet engaging gameplay modesCons:- Dare I say it, a matchmaking system worse than Capcom's- Practically ZERO lore information on the champions- Even when partying with a friend, your chances of getting high up in Ranked is close to impossible because of, again,   your piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥Matchmaking system.- Most importantly, YOU, for driving me for messing up my arms like this because of the False hopes you gave me. I hate you, Hi-Rez. I hate you and your entire team, and most importantly, the idiots who play this game that cant seem to rub two brain cells together."
76561198333923791,Not Recommended,444090,29899209,Posted: 13 February,all,loonie,Almost every hero is from Overwach
,Not Recommended,444090,29976028,Posted: 16 February,all,QT,"this is overwatch, dont play it."
76561198130496018,Not Recommended,444090,30039278,Posted: 19 February,all,Tainted Frogs,Overwatch.
76561198202381974,Not Recommended,444090,29507543,Posted: 26 January,all,Konnon demokraattinen tasavalta,gg no re♥♥♥♥♥♥game ecks dee this comment is to trigger overwatch for poor people playersaww yeah
,Not Recommended,444090,30074025,Posted: 20 February,all,Reynfeld,"I played a little of this just to give it a fair chance.... It's pretty awful, honestly."
,Not Recommended,444090,30074926,Posted: 21 February,all,Ellogovnah,Litereally an Overwatch Clone and i played this one before i played Overwatch
76561198029524699,Not Recommended,444090,29824633,Posted: 10 February,all,Mighty Maenzel,"It is ok to get into the genre, but if you like you should switch to OVERWATCH and give the inventors of this what they deserve. Honestly I played both and OW is simply by far better and much more refined. I didn't want to say this as I first started Paladins, but everything on this is a poor ripoff of overwatch, and everything is screaming it, even the ® in the name, as it even more pretends not to be a stolen concept. Played this for 31h, switched played OW over 200h yet, and I guess I'll never come back to this ripoff.Honestly I am a HiRez fan and I love smite.But this is nothing more then a realy shameless copy.Even the mascott charracters on the front of the main posters share the same haircut and colorscheme (Tracer and Kinessa)Shame on you HiREZ, shame on you."
,Not Recommended,444090,29462921,Posted: 24 January,all,Aces Nomad,ripoff
,Recommended,444090,30132499,Posted: 23 February,all,Marge Simpson,its a free fps that isn't pay to win. what else needs to be said. give the game a try
76561198283971345,Not Recommended,444090,29812618,Posted: 9 February,all,FantasyLux,Hi im FantasyLux i have been ban and i did nothing dont downlode
76561198037320025,Not Recommended,444090,30011148,Posted: 18 February,all,AimSpook,dont
,Not Recommended,444090,29546821,Posted: 28 January,all,HOW2WEEB,Poorgame !!copycat!! xddddddddddddd
,Not Recommended,444090,29572172,Posted: 29 January,all,AdmiralEvil,"Game is not balanced. Characters are not memorable. Game is just boring. Buy Overwatch if you want to experience this type of game, don't bother with this garbage."
76561198148503767,Not Recommended,444090,29580757,Posted: 29 January,all,skull crusher,te worst game ever you need so many passwords and it's just a rip off of overwatch DO NOT GET!!!!
76561198353054045,Recommended,444090,30123896,Posted: 23 February,all,DEMON_PvP,"overall paladins is a good games , one of my favourates in fact but there are some bugs but again it is still in beta. the only problem i have with the game is the tutorial as it only teacheshow to play one charater as currently in OB44 there are 22 champion and each have thier different way of playing and each class (flank,tank,support and damage) have a different way of playing but thats it . it is a generally good game and i would reccomend this game to anyone.  10/10"
,Recommended,444090,30117731,Posted: 23 February,all,Verified Virus⛄,Free Overwatch :D
76561198117431098,Not Recommended,444090,30247638,Posted: 28 February,all,Toxic Raptor,This game is a Overwatch copy cat!
,Not Recommended,444090,30064360,Posted: 20 February,all,Philisophical McChicken,C A N C E RANCER
76561197985968771,Not Recommended,444090,30224000,Posted: 27 February,all,Cybernoodle,rofl
,Not Recommended,444090,29808151,Posted: 9 February,all,Tamaduitoarea Mihaela,I do a 45 streak and i dont get man of the match.my friend kills 3 enemies and gets man of the match.gg
76561198307150015,Recommended,444090,30120653,Posted: 23 February,all,HASSAN,:3
76561198298689479,Recommended,444090,30108345,Posted: 22 February,all,Sum Ting Wong,it is greta
,Recommended,444090,30107742,Posted: 22 February,all,[MLP] derpytoons,love smosh video
76561198094800270,Not Recommended,444090,30172788,Posted: 25 February,all,Kuba 777,mmkay
,Not Recommended,444090,30188633,Posted: 25 February,all,●◆SWAMI◆●,Nah.
76561198075474742,Recommended,444090,29540960,Posted: 28 January,all,Axel,.
,Not Recommended,444090,29744799,Posted: 6 February,all,Spookdles,It's like Overwatch but worse
76561198115094971,Not Recommended,444090,30193911,Posted: 26 February,all,Karakam,One of the worst games i have played. If you cant buy overwatch you can play this bullsht anytime :D
76561198313679876,Not Recommended,444090,30039614,Posted: 19 February,all,Ocean man | csgoatse.com,i canting make accounting. it be saying erroring 1ing
,Not Recommended,444090,30220775,Posted: 27 February,all,Arttu,"get overwatch if you have the money, or get TF2. TF2 is like a fancy restaurant, and this one is a really smelly and bad bar that has not been cleaned in years."
,Not Recommended,444090,30204718,Posted: 26 February,all,One,It's ok
76561198095690546,Not Recommended,444090,29848911,Posted: 11 February,all,[BTR] Carlos,Poopy Overwatch.
,Not Recommended,444090,29961178,Posted: 16 February,all,RevJoystick,"just. buy. overwatch.overwatch plays much better than this pile or garbage.the graphics in overwatch are better.the gamepley in overwatch is smoother.the ui in overwatch is more organized.the characters in overwatch play better.the voice acting in overwatch is better.the competetive scene in overwatch is better.the model and world detail in overwatch is better.the lore in overwatch is better.the maps in overwatch are designed better.the hero balancing in overwatch is better.i'm telling you guys.dont even try this game.just get overwatch. sure, it's got a price tag, but you pay for quality.this would be a waste of your time as much as it is a waste of my time."
76561198165299088,Not Recommended,444090,29873986,Posted: 12 February,all,Spooky Spookington,I have overwatch now..Bye
,Not Recommended,444090,29880577,Posted: 12 February,all,A Person (s p o o k),The voice acting.It sucks.The gameplay.It sucks.The characters.They're not fun to play.You're better off playing Overwatch.
,Not Recommended,444090,29979028,Posted: 16 February,all,mark,Possibly the worst overwatch rip off in the galaxy It takes 200 updates for it to play Overwatch did it better Honestly i would have more fun with no mans sky when it first got released than this pile of garbage.
,Not Recommended,444090,29835615,Posted: 10 February,all,SLAUGHTER -iwnl,"Brought Overwatch for a solid 40€, played it non stop for about 200H in 3 months in School time, i was pretty decent at the game, Tank meta came i got better and reached Diamond, game got boring right after, saw Summit1G stream, decided to give Paladins a try.Shouldnt have, this game is a Solid Copy paste.Trys to blindly copy 3 sucesfull games, COD, LOL, OW of whom all three were massive games i played, doesnt get 1 thing right from any of them, hey at least i gave it a try.So you get an idea,Time played:Call of duty black ops 1&2, Ghost, Black ops 3= 700hOverwatch= 300hLeague of legends= 182days (yeah thats right).Do not Recomend, get Overwatch, unless u have a toaster pc  Plants vs zombies is actually better.Haters come at me."
76561198058726393,Not Recommended,444090,29653199,Posted: 2 February,all,UrFaceMyBallz,biggest rip of in 2K17
,Not Recommended,444090,30183867,Posted: 25 February,all,zGaming Galaxy,OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER OVERWATCH IS 10x BETTER also. paldins fan base is -3 years old
,Not Recommended,444090,29873850,Posted: 12 February,all,Skiw57,"обконченая игра мне просто такдали бан на 2 мин,тимэйты долбаёбы не умеют пикать персонажей♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥убогая игра"
,Not Recommended,444090,29909343,Posted: 13 February,all,Cringiana Jones,"Played it once, got a laugh out of it.Never played it again.Its only a stress reliever"
,Not Recommended,444090,29892700,Posted: 12 February,all,P.Sinclair,Used to be fast and fun but was slowed down and just isn't as good as it used to be...no longer playing it.
76561198043147307,Not Recommended,444090,30249842,Posted: 28 February,all,L̡árr͞s̀ D҉r̀e͠em̛urr̛,utter♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,444090,29895486,Posted: 13 February,all,Alec Fair,"Poor mans Overwatch/Battleborn/TF2 clone with an identity crisis of its own cloning saying all those games copied it with crappy anti cheat that doesnt uninstall with the game. You are better off buying battleborn and overwatch than this trash. For further proof, just look at the comparison videos then look at battleborn and overwatch lets plays and look at the comparisons. If characters are not exact clones, they are deffinately combination clones of two existing characters in either game."
,Not Recommended,444090,30248507,Posted: 28 February,all,depressed old man,"It's a complete Overwatch Ripoff, but it's F2P4/10 - IGN"
,Not Recommended,444090,30207663,Posted: 26 February,all,MSG | Mirza,ugh.
76561198027225041,Recommended,444090,29414918,Posted: 21 January,all,Ramsay Bolton,"Very good game overall, I honestely don't know where to start with this. First off all there are loads of champions to choose from depending on your playstyle and how you handle situations. Secondly the card system is just amazing and can help change a entire game with it. The best part about the game is the fact the developers update it constantly and add fresh new champions and maps to keep people wanting for more."
,Recommended,444090,29975686,Posted: 16 February,all,Onyx,Use to be an esl player for this game i would r8 9/19 gg
76561198280258010,Recommended,444090,30126138,Posted: 23 February,all,Micimorcsgoatse.comskinsjar.com,nice
,Not Recommended,444090,30070148,Posted: 20 February,all,SnackHydra,ripoff of overwatch wtf
,Not Recommended,444090,30239366,Posted: 28 February,all,✡dastas✡ כשר# csgoroll.com,copy paste from overwatch
,Not Recommended,444090,30242209,Posted: 28 February,all,Donkey Kong,Overwatch for poor people. also dont go to the paladins discussions. you will get banned forever for making a thread about the game being a overwatch ripoff
,Not Recommended,444090,29830538,Posted: 10 February,all,✠The Fox ✠,Poor people's overwatch
76561198165863869,Not Recommended,444090,29969967,Posted: 16 February,all,Puzzlebob,this is just a copy of overwatch
,Not Recommended,444090,29970560,Posted: 16 February,all,TwiBeL IIlIllllIlllI,♥♥♥♥♥♥overwatch copycat
,Not Recommended,444090,30004711,Posted: 18 February,all,SpotAThot,OVERWATCH RIPOFF
76561198121775141,Not Recommended,444090,29747183,Posted: 6 February,all,Freejek38,TF2 >>>>>>>>> TF3 (Paladins) > TF4 (Overwatch) > TF5 (Battleborn)
,Not Recommended,444090,30127107,Posted: 23 February,all,hellio me am jol,"Gayer Copy Of Overwatch. Oh and also, the bots or cpu have ♥♥♥♥ing aimbot just go see you're killcam."
,Recommended,444090,30117750,Posted: 23 February,all,Smonken,"Great game, Finally i can spend my gold on something *Radiant chests*! P2W? Nah not really just play the game and spend your gold on Radiant chests. For new players this is something to really grind on, i like this idea. Because gold is really easy to earn in this game"
,Not Recommended,444090,30246170,Posted: 28 February,all,Jambers,It even copies the Overwatch Options menu...
,Not Recommended,444090,29453771,Posted: 23 January,all,ᵗ ᶦ ᶰ ʸ,Full on overwatch clone. Not enough redeemable qualities to give a good review.
76561198073722952,Recommended,444090,30123738,Posted: 23 February,all,Pangdemonium,"Everybody is downvoting this game because of one bad patch that hasn't been out for a 1 day even.This game is still in beta but it's fun to play.I will not write a long review as I feel I've had enough hours put into this game to justify what I'm saying.Most  of the downvotes is because of one patch OB 44 but the game in it's core is still fun,addictive and decent enough to play.Yes OB 44 wasn't the greatest patch but it can be fixed ,downvoting a game because of one patch seems a bit unfair.Experience it for yourself."
,Not Recommended,444090,30250815,Posted: 28 February,all,LOLSKA,"ULTRA BROKEN arrows and daggers dont touch u, and u die WTF jajaja kinessa fail the shot and u die, nice rigging"
,Recommended,444090,29571314,Posted: 29 January,all,High Hopes,Your move Overwatch.
,Not Recommended,444090,30109041,Posted: 22 February,all,Dr. McMuffin,This is actually disgusting. This entire game is a complete copy of overwatch. Go buy the real game.
,Not Recommended,444090,29774310,Posted: 7 February,all,Darkelf54,Rip Off Of Overwatch If U have no Money its Fine But Torvald TORB'JORN TOR See
76561198156779959,Not Recommended,444090,30128349,Posted: 23 February,all,The somemivix YEE ELITE,Stock overwatch made by a incompetent and trash company. XD Well i dont know. If there was a meh option i would take it. My friend and i have had a lot of fun with this game and uhh its OK. Try it and see how u like it.
76561197981762359,Not Recommended,444090,34355887,Posted: 19 August,all,Warthain,"tried the game... spent more time looking at the computer screen than playing, servers consistently crashing, immense lag in menus, broken matchmaking.. the whole deal, my first impression of the game was that its utter $h1t... game says it's beta, servers make me feel like it shouldnt even be in Alpha... well i guess i can't expect much of a washed down version of overwatch... maybe i should go try that one, at least blizzard servers can handle their games..."
76561198210708361,Not Recommended,444090,30017820,Posted: 18 February,all,JTG  Dntblnk211,Why im writing this is beacuse no originality AT ALL.The newest caracter is a complete rip off of genji .Aside from the fact that you have payloads but who cares huh.Suprised blizzard hasn't striked this game yey but again who fing cares right.im going to shut my mouth now and go play a GOOD game World Of Warcraft.
,Recommended,444090,30129639,Posted: 23 February,all,// Notice // cs.money,love this game!
76561198162178407,Not Recommended,444090,29723983,Posted: 5 February,all,Dreamscape,"1-Constant freeze and game crash during match with error ""This game was not properly authenticated"". Even if it beta and its casual errors - Ive got cooldowns because of this error. Thnx developers! Feedback and support ticket cant solve this error. Its♥♥♥♥♥♥♥fun because guys who created this game dont know why their game got this error...XD2-Too hard to communitcate with support about anything3-Failed russian text fonts at main menu of the game. Very bad Russian transltation of everything : cards description, skills description etc. All translated like a poor google traslator. Advice for devs- if you cant properly translate -DONT. Or dont even make this language supported by your game.4-Poor optimization of game even with ""medium hardware"" at min. setups.5-I dont have any AMD processors, but this game insist to install some drivers for it? Why should I?6-A LOT of CHEATERS. Poor and bad anticheat system causing lags and errors7-Poor balansed competitive mode.8-Useless ingame report system9-Poor maked win/loose exp system. Win +20, loose - 200. And if you try hard and got noob team you got same exp loose. Gj!10-VERY POOR PVE MODE. Unbalanced everytime AF. You can pass it only if you use some glitch or bag. Well done devs! (NOT)11-Get boost for weekend with double xp? Naah we will lag servers the duck out every 5 minutes. And MAGIC - at server stat page and twitter all ""OK"" freaking unbelievable.."
76561198206422343,Not Recommended,444090,29972535,Posted: 16 February,all,Munchlaxien908!,doesnt load its bullccrap
,Not Recommended,444090,30162546,Posted: 25 February,all,Yellou,this game gave me aids and ebola
,Recommended,444090,30132747,Posted: 23 February,all,[LiS] Recoil Rick,"really fun with friends, but the hitboxes feel a bit off, and btw, dont play tyra, you will get hated for it"
,Not Recommended,444090,30025784,Posted: 18 February,all,❍ v ❍ (somewhere near trash),its just a cheep rip off of overwatch
76561198173256941,Not Recommended,444090,30021559,Posted: 18 February,all,kek,overwatch is cool
76561198288684881,Not Recommended,444090,29957166,Posted: 15 February,all,no luck no kill,know off of overwatch very poor graphics quality
,Not Recommended,444090,29852503,Posted: 11 February,all,Ur boi STD's,dont play its canser!
76561198068266283,Not Recommended,444090,25644273,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Gordon Ramsey,Just pay the 40 dollars and buy overwatch
76561198365819515,Not Recommended,444090,30190542,Posted: 26 February,all,KGBOY,a fake overwatch sorry HR failed on this one. horse mounts in a shooter lmaooo chill out its 2017
,Not Recommended,444090,30245690,Posted: 28 February,all,ShrimpoKnight 🖖 🤔,Most unbalanced game I have ever played
76561198205384600,Not Recommended,444090,29793423,Posted: 8 February,all,Xx_girlygamergirl420lmaoXD_Xx,it sucks like ur mum
,Not Recommended,444090,29856146,Posted: 11 February,all,Aruba_gamer | CSGOhandouts.com,"Overwatch rip off, just buy the real game"
76561198120822592,Not Recommended,444090,26022561,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Drmedic593,overwatch copy  this game sucks balls
,Not Recommended,444090,29699628,Posted: 4 February,all,Kurocat,So I enter my own name as player name but then that name was unavailable (that is insulting me).
76561198352909489,Not Recommended,444090,29915820,Posted: 13 February,all,the forgotten,this is a pay to win game plz do not download!!!!
76561198115792974,Recommended,444090,30133242,Posted: 23 February,all,ZBBBUDI,HEY THATS PRETTY GOOD!
,Not Recommended,444090,29761494,Posted: 7 February,all,Xolono,overwatch > palashit
,Not Recommended,444090,30342731,Posted: 5 March,all,DrugNinja,first of all this is a complete rip off of overwatch second the servers are absoloutely terrible
76561198044884722,Not Recommended,444090,30227448,Posted: 27 February,all,gamer,overwatch rip off
76561198137876205,Recommended,444090,30133526,Posted: 23 February,all,Oof!,"Although Paladins is a direct ripoff of Overwatch (No matter what the company says, we all know its true), I literally can't stop playing it is so much fun and at times is BETTER than Overwatch. Keep it up!!"
76561198261674797,Not Recommended,444090,29804003,Posted: 9 February,all,PewpewGod,This is a wont to be overwatch coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert coppy cat alert
,Recommended,444090,29866434,Posted: 11 February,all,Oop5,The gameplay is freaken insane nad addicting i love it so much i dont care what other people say
,Recommended,444090,30017702,Posted: 18 February,all,vac ban¯ hhhh,goode
76561198146528220,Recommended,444090,30149968,Posted: 24 February,all,TornadoTigerZzz,Overwatch copied it
,Recommended,444090,29741149,Posted: 6 February,all,Lukeristli,"Paladins has taken Characters from Games such as Overwatch, Smite and even Ratchet and Clank.This game has made the Characters 10X better than the originals and overall is really enjoyable an the match making is VERY competitive (But not to the point of Constantly Losing).I will be spending many more hours on this as I cannot put it down.Overall - An easy 8/10 from me for Paladins."
,Recommended,444090,29800952,Posted: 9 February,all,Xipher,"I keep leaving this game (my drive keeps getting full), but everytime I come back the game gets better. All in all this game will be very fun if you like this type of genre and can hit the leftside of a barn with your mouse."
76561198331628941,Recommended,444090,30144099,Posted: 24 February,all,Professor Geek,"Great game but has so many errors, won't load, glitches and takes too long. But the gameplay is exciting and fun."
76561198355468864,Recommended,444090,29541601,Posted: 28 January,all,Capitan,Nice Game
,Recommended,444090,29541994,Posted: 28 January,all,chungy,"Basically Overwatch for people who don't have money for Overwatch. I mean, the game is pretty fun but if you already have Overwatch you're probably better off playing that."
76561198308849183,Recommended,444090,29506495,Posted: 26 January,all,hitler pornstar,k coo-l
,Recommended,444090,30134419,Posted: 23 February,all,Dirty Potato,"started playing during the closed beta almost a year before it came to steamits free to play but it takes a lot of commitment if you want to get seriousbetter to play with friends and fun to mess aroundnew legendary system is simalar to the older system waaaaaaaaaaaaay back in late 2015/early 2016you dont have to have all the cards for all champs since you probably wont play them all and eventually you will know which one is best for your play styleas someone that had high hopes for the game since the start of the closed beta, i can say that it needs improvement but still has some potentialfree to play so no risk in trying it out6.5/10also too many brazillians and spanish speakers in the NA serverslike wayy too manyFckin Hispanics"
,Recommended,444090,29859387,Posted: 11 February,all,XRatorz,"I have played this game for the past month and I think it's great. It has a diverse range of characters and multiple loadout skills for them, it is the type of game the satifies you after a win. The worst thing I can say about this is the hitboxes and chest system. The hitboxes are way too wide outside of your champions body. And I believe chests should not be the only way we should get sprays, guns and skins. Other than those things this is a amazing game I recommend it for dedicated gamers. On a scale of 10 I give this game a 8."
,Recommended,444090,29790467,Posted: 8 February,all,Mormon,this game is an overwatch clone but it is chill as it's free and less autistic
,Not Recommended,444090,29594217,Posted: 30 January,all,IHEARTCHEESE,it sucks how can i play when it keeps on disconnet me GRRRRRRR
76561198296464325,Recommended,444090,29511827,Posted: 26 January,all,zexr50,really fun game for a free to play updates almost every week this is a most play
,Recommended,444090,25559346,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,NEEDALIGHT?!,Paladins is League of Legends to Overwacth's Dota.
,Recommended,444090,29738579,Posted: 6 February,all,Justicias,"OK, it's actually getting better and better right now since the ob44, the devs are listening the players, things are balanced in good points, great job."
76561198087603120,Recommended,444090,25600970,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,circuitdragon,push the objective ♥♥♥♥ersbesides that good game
,Recommended,444090,25664585,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,9tea2,This is AWESOME!
,Recommended,444090,25646672,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Mustang_дуб,Better than Overwatch
76561198313767102,Recommended,444090,25691934,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,monetizedmind,This game is really unstable and crashes easily but its fun to play i wish you guys can fix my fustration
76561198327837924,Recommended,444090,25761231,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,weaveabledestiny,It really is a great free copy of overwatch but after getting some money and being able to buy overwatch I realized how much better overwatch is. But overall it's an excelent game for free I would definitely recommend if you don't have the money gor overwatch.
,Recommended,444090,25767108,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Who want to Be freed,This game is addicting.. you should play and spend all of your free time playing this game >.<.. i'm just like it.. thats it..
76561198046542101,Recommended,444090,25769265,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,xcam0987,Alot of fun I came over from overwatch coz it was getting stale so i wanted to try this out. I have to say i recommend this game I really like how the matches are quite short It's really refreshing although at the time of writing the server went out but what can u do its in beta although its 4:00am in my region and i was still getting matches extremly quickly so it seems the communitys large enough.
,Recommended,444090,25734665,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,ThePlat,"A fun, fast hero shooter with a diverse set of heroes. Similar yet different enough to other offerings in this genre, Paladins has the tried and true competitive pedigree that Hi-Rez has put into it's previous titles with a fresh style"
76561198006276949,Recommended,444090,25731822,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Devil,"I do not often write a review. But I feel it deserve some great words. Read a few negative comments and they are just funny as hell. Really hilarious... I dare say you can safely ignore their review / comments before you get cancer.This game when I first saw it I feel like it is just another OverWatch clone. While they do share certain similarities. Overall it is still quite a different game. Having own and played OverWatch and now this, I would say they are not the same game. OverWatch is more of a straight up FPS with pres-etup heroes / champions however you wanna call them. But it is a little different different here at least from the heroes standpoint. While they all have their individual roles with preset skills to each of them. They are actually customizable in a way. The card system is what that does the job and pretty intuitive. You can set up your hero according to your play style unlike in OverWatch where they are fixed. Also along the way you can buy items to further enhance your character which stacks on top of your character loadout. It's like OverWatch and BattleBorn had a baby that has MOBA gene within them.I was skeptical before I even started playing it. I also read about the founder's pack. And it is not all that expensive. Thought just for the sake of supporting the dev in their development since this is a free game. But it turns out the money was well spend. Putting the contents that were given in the founder's pack aside. Even if this game isnt free and it does cost something like what the founder pack is asking for, it is still well worth it. Give it a try, unless you are some OverWatch fanboy then just go back to your game rather than purposely download the game so it allows you to post stupid comments here to give unnecessary negativity to the game. It's a great game."
,Recommended,444090,25837548,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Lullerooz,"MOBA FPS StyleFeels great to finally find a great FPS game again.There's no ""carrying"". This is literally team based. Each person on your team has to contribute their role. Front-line(Tank), Support(Healer), Damage, Flanker(Assassin almost).This game isn't about the graphics. I've never been into the latest top quality looking game. It's always the mechanics of the game itself. And this game right here. BOOOM! Kills it.I love it. Very competitve. Short Games. Fast-pace (Faster pace than Overwatch)Yes if you've played Overwatch, you have somewhat of an general concept of this game. It would be put in the same category. I actually rather this game a lot more than Overwatch.Thanks HiRez and the community!"
76561197998913630,Recommended,444090,25849938,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,super-banana-man-jr,"So far, It feels like a very well put together team game, however there are afew tweaks that could be made to make it easier to play. nut its still in early access so I cant make that a nit pick because it is subject to change."
,Recommended,444090,29566148,Posted: 29 January,all,✪ Post,This game is very fun even though it is a bootleg of Overwatch.
76561198295353882,Recommended,444090,29565245,Posted: 29 January,all,Arved,OVERWATCH FOR FRi pOR peepl lyke my
,Recommended,444090,29575427,Posted: 29 January,all,cuiboy69,"When I try to run game it says:""The program can't start because icuin53.dll is missing from your computer. Try reinstalling the program to fix this problem."" Can anyone help me, please? I tried several times downloading icuin53.dll (whatever that was) and it still won't run. Help please.Thank you."
,Recommended,444090,29570961,Posted: 29 January,all,Müsta,Don't challenge Makoa
76561198147777054,Recommended,444090,29549177,Posted: 28 January,all,Waff,"""Mom can I have overwatch?""""No you dont have any money you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥.""And here i am."
,Recommended,444090,29551083,Posted: 28 January,all,[DTY]Gabmex14,aweome game nothing to say
,Recommended,444090,29547073,Posted: 28 January,all,PurpleHaze,"Fun alternative for Overwatch if you can't afford it.But I won't stick around, especially since I got the Blizzard's child."
76561198295478055,Recommended,444090,29550229,Posted: 28 January,all,The Legend Of Link,"This game is awesome! I enjoyed playing it regardless of my skill or ability to pay for some of the characters. If you like Overwatch, then I completely reccomend this. Some people say that this is a ripoff of Overwatch, but it's just sort of like it. You can push a payload or capture points with a few chars to start with, then earn some cash, and buy some more! It is completely awesome!"
,Recommended,444090,29546217,Posted: 28 January,all,Wingedpig,"Paladins is a good game.It is still in its beta so it has a lot more coming its way. People say it is a ripoff of Overwatch, but everyone who thinks that is wrong. Paladins first came out in 2015 whereas Overwatch came out in 2016. So who copied who? Overwatch must have taken some inspiration so clearly Paladins is original. Overwatch also has the push the paylod game mode. Don't get me wrong, Overwatch is an amazing game too, Im just saying Paladins came out before Overwatch. I love Blizzard Entertainment and all their games. Paladins fun to play and the animations look cool. Defintly worth downloading.One thing I would likE Hi-rez to look into though, is being able to download paladins on an sd card or a pendrive. When I downloaded it on my sd it said It couldn't find the game files. I went through the troubleshooting section and changed the download location but it still didn't work."
76561198177045167,Recommended,444090,29547965,Posted: 28 January,all,apan666,"Pretty good game!  fast paced, great weapons and skills.As I don't have a dedicated gaming box, I am forced to run games on my CAD machine.  Suprisingly runs on my hardware at maximum graphics settings.This studio has the Smite game as well, however I do find that I enjoy this faster gameplay and 1st person view.  Reminds me of Quake 3 from years past."
76561198031670961,Recommended,444090,29490526,Posted: 25 January,all,AkAFoka,> overwatchchora haterssó pelo kek
,Recommended,444090,29490628,Posted: 25 January,all,Mr. Worldwide,Why is my pc always with launching-games errors. This happen inDC Universe Online and now it it happening in Paladins. Please if you know how to get rid of this kind of errors just tell me plz...
,Recommended,444090,29490692,Posted: 25 January,all,Shadow Hunter,Very enjoyable game. Range of champions. Exciting maps. But there should be more modes!
76561198315389518,Recommended,444090,29490705,Posted: 25 January,all,Cxra Snuggle,nice game !!! :)
76561198142951897,Recommended,444090,29491118,Posted: 25 January,all,Gunces,Downloads gamesplays..... Next Day Buys Overwatch
,Recommended,444090,29488160,Posted: 25 January,all,Zoroyn,Pretty Dank
,Recommended,444090,29488301,Posted: 25 January,all,NotMrMelon,Great game for a free to play
,Recommended,444090,29488387,Posted: 25 January,all,Lucas ツ,good game
,Recommended,444090,29488718,Posted: 25 January,all,pdizzlemynizzlefoschizzle,Great game people just need to learn objective and how to set-up teams feelsbadman
76561198313633941,Recommended,444090,29477305,Posted: 24 January,all,Akame,I wanted to play paladins but Unfortunately it gives an error steam Not found It gives this error. How can i fix this glitch ?I'm waiting for your help...
76561198071577079,Recommended,444090,29482969,Posted: 25 January,all,ARCH☰IVE,"Nice game, free to play. Why not?"
76561198123331715,Recommended,444090,29482993,Posted: 25 January,all,Halo,"Much like Team Fortress 2, but with female characters, and more colour.  Mostly friendly people, fun to play.  Just all fighting, lots more chatacters are coming along with many more maps. All in all it is a ""Good Game"""
,Recommended,444090,29487494,Posted: 25 January,all,Veezu 爆,"I am gonna write this review with a grain of salt. Actually, many grains of salt.First but foremost, let me just say that I love the game. It is just plain fun. The gameplay is quick, dynamic, and easy to pick up. However, as much love as I have for the game, I have to admit that I do not understand where the devs are heading. I am all in for new content in the form of new maps, characters, and vanity items. But it seems like this has become a priority over the fact that the game is still buggy af. I see patchnotes after patchnotes come out with changes to champions, while no real fix to the game has occured. I have been kicked out of games randomly, for no reason, multiple times. I have had games end, and just blackscreen infinitely until I manually restarted the game. Even specific champion problems (like drogoz his jetpack sound bug, or unusable weapon bug). And yes, I do see that the game is in beta. It has been in beta for a LONG time now. But I feel like nothing is being done to get out of this stage. Like, why would you pursue a e-sports branch, while your game is not even working properly.With all that said and done; I do think you should check out the game regardless. Who cares if it somewhat resembles other games? ITS FREE! And it brings a lot of enjoyment. I have almost played for 200 hours, and still want to play more. But please, please just fix the fundamental gameplay problems first, because it is getting rather tedious to disconnect and suddenly be 2-0, kek."
,Not Recommended,444090,29439321,Posted: 23 January,all,Spazz,this game is made for and after overwatch fanboys
,Recommended,444090,29487925,Posted: 25 January,all,Windmam-,nice1
76561198089112102,Recommended,444090,29543323,Posted: 28 January,all,Bluenomaly,cool gameplay
76561198323347796,Recommended,444090,29543389,Posted: 28 January,all,cimotlseven,Very Like This Game!!!
76561198092318970,Recommended,444090,29543744,Posted: 28 January,all,KB_Char♥Nagashi™,nice game
,Recommended,444090,29521983,Posted: 27 January,all,JOMBLO SYARI'AH,"Even though it's kinda...... Well, in summary, it's a f2p version of ow"
,Recommended,444090,29522129,Posted: 27 January,all,Fb|| Supreme,great game
76561198272212662,Recommended,444090,29522208,Posted: 27 January,all,RIZKYKEMAL,this game like overwatch
76561198154464027,Recommended,444090,29538373,Posted: 28 January,all,Clutch,sdgsadgdsaf
76561198165340403,Recommended,444090,29538834,Posted: 28 January,all,Elysia,Have money?NO?Wanna Play Overwatch?You came to the right game
,Recommended,444090,29538835,Posted: 28 January,all,Astra,good game
,Not Recommended,444090,29538892,Posted: 28 January,all,Mendu,"Cassie has a crossbow now. 0/10, uninstalled."
,Recommended,444090,29537838,Posted: 28 January,all,TheSushful,wanted to buy overwatchsaw that i dont have the money for it*downloads paladins**starts playing*me likey
,Recommended,444090,29539429,Posted: 28 January,all,TeoPap,Paladins is a nice game and free ofcourse xD i love itIt has good graphics and good characters
76561198044176695,Recommended,444090,29567429,Posted: 29 January,all,Ilija Gromovnik,good game
,Recommended,444090,29567769,Posted: 29 January,all,MayaTheStrangeOne,"All Overwatch similarities aside, this game is actually really fun.If you're tight on cash or just can't afford Overwatch, play this game to tide you over.**Alsoimplementanoptiontochangechampionsmidgamekthnxbai.jpg**"
,Recommended,444090,29569732,Posted: 29 January,all,PuggyDo,This game is one of the most played game in my library.This game is amazing and a free version of overwatch if you can't afford it.I recommend this game.
,Recommended,444090,29435159,Posted: 22 January,all,Doggo,10/10
76561198249821340,Recommended,444090,29435285,Posted: 22 January,all,StrategySicko32,Hours Of Enjoyment
76561198189651575,Recommended,444090,29435525,Posted: 22 January,all,ManwichTheWarlock,"Absolutly an amazing game, I would definetly recomend this to everyone. the one issue I have is getting to competative play. Having to grind 10 champions to level 4 is ridiculous and often mean you have have to spend time as a character you don't enjoy playing, which just sucks all the fun out of the game. Just lower the amount of champions needed to get to level 4 or base it off account level, but besides that just keep doing what your doing."
,Recommended,444090,29437526,Posted: 22 January,all,Theru,Nice
76561198061628638,Not Recommended,444090,29433378,Posted: 22 January,all,Spooky Guiying,Could be a good game if Hi-Rez wasn't working on it
,Recommended,444090,29414360,Posted: 21 January,all,Cap,how to unlock skin teamfortress 2 Barik ?
76561198035857415,Recommended,444090,29414395,Posted: 21 January,all,SupremeDalek42,"There's Drogoz deep, then there's Androxus deep."
76561198229710392,Recommended,444090,29425104,Posted: 22 January,all,swishy_fishy,This game may be close to overwatch(which I sadly cannot play) but one of my friends who does play overwatch said it really felt like its own game.
,Recommended,444090,29432741,Posted: 22 January,all,Corgerino,"remove Easy-Anti-Cheat and use a better anti cheat program that doesnt have spy-ware, but yea the game is great, just remove EAC."
76561198203018991,Recommended,444090,29433131,Posted: 22 January,all,ZingerVonDinger,this game is lit AF
,Recommended,444090,29431064,Posted: 22 January,all,CommunistButlerpvpro.com,it is a grate game some bugs but for free it is one of the best
76561198352443029,Recommended,444090,29431004,Posted: 22 January,all,nob,Overwatch for free
,Recommended,444090,29431370,Posted: 22 January,all,Griamos,Some broken builds and champs btw i recommend;
76561198208816324,Recommended,444090,29431425,Posted: 22 January,all,tabluebird7,this game is AWESOME
,Recommended,444090,29431863,Posted: 22 January,all,FrostAvalanche,"Paladins is an awesome game, I enjoy playing it with my friends. I'm hoping they will add more champions!"
76561198158480061,Recommended,444090,29415294,Posted: 21 January,all,Skull Mc Curly,"First off, I'd like to addres the fact that a lot of the reviews here may be subject to change due to Paladins constaint fixes and content addons. The game is changing very quickly, so I wouldn't bother reading the reviews and just play the game instead (it is free and very easy to get into, so why not?). The game does have its faults, obviously, for an early access game. When I first started, the game got old very quick and I had no reason to get back into it, but I launched it again becuase another new hero came out and I found myself enjoying it again, and kept enjoying it, I'm not sure what they changed/added since I left, it might've not even been anything, maybe its just a progression thing. So Hi-Rez already has a new hero in the test server, and another hero is already in development, they also just released a new map and are edditing muiltible current ones, they even have a game mode dedicated to to test maps. I'm suprised how much new content they've been putting out even with them trying to get the game out of early access, which may be a downfall depending on how you look at it, probably shouldn't keep adding content to a game that isn't even finished yet. I find it to be a good team shooter, and am looking forward to se the finished product, its kinda buggy, so maybe I'd wait for it to be released to try it, cuz in it's current state, a lot of players can be easily driven off. But again, its free, and just like Hi-Rez's other game Smite, getting the full experience (all the heroes) is quite cheap. My final words would be to play at your own risk."
,Recommended,444090,29415811,Posted: 21 January,all,๖ۣۜImmortalBlades,"I love it to the bits. I enjoyed it and I will probably play it even more in future. The problem about this game is .. Well, There is no good defense against cheaters. I found them quite often. Mostly Viktor or Snipers. (and no, its not like they are good, I spectated them and its quite visible with the aim assist , you'll see it yourself afterall)But still I recommend this game to anyone who is patient and won't just rage out from 1 lost game to a hacker.The game is good in anyway possible, ofc its not Overwatch but I still think its better than Overwatch (cause its free!!)"
76561198206695691,Recommended,444090,29422678,Posted: 22 January,all,thea Z shole,its a good game. have bin trying to level all my heros to level 5 has bin really fun. but i have never recieved my tf2 skin. still good game.
76561198311966797,Recommended,444090,29422794,Posted: 22 January,all,for sell,Good game! :D
76561198016740852,Not Recommended,444090,29418412,Posted: 22 January,all,LocalRook,"Not a bad game, enjoyed what I played. I just am not about EAC (EasyAntiCheat), so saddly I'm gonna have to stop playing Paladins."
,Recommended,444090,30169099,Posted: 25 February,all,Trippy_III,"It's fun, it's free, and sometimes it doesn't work.9/10 please nerf maeve."
76561198162189388,Recommended,444090,30162485,Posted: 25 February,all,Fluxlabs,This Game is good and i enjoy playing it.Honestly i play it cause my pc is crap and cant run overwatch.However i enjoy the Champions and the flow of the game....Can you please make it so you can switch Champions during a game...As its annoying to stay as the same champion all game.
,Recommended,444090,30166339,Posted: 25 February,all,Potato,This game does thing better But also does a lot worsePROS#1 Free Cant go wrong with free#2 Competitve is fun Not to many toxic players and a really enjoyable time#3 Lots of champions And they add more ALOT#4 Card system is done very well#5 Dont have to wait long at all for a game#6 Doesnt take anything to run (Can be ran on a potato)Cons#1 CASES SUCK!! along with the skins Most skins are just recolors (And ugly colors at that)#2 Chat callouts can be quite spammy due to all the commands#3 No lore
,Recommended,444090,30167800,Posted: 25 February,all,I'm bolted to the WALL!!,"""This is no place for horses!""-Androxus"
,Recommended,444090,29691963,Posted: 4 February,all,Gabriel 'GCS',YES!
,Not Recommended,444090,30139215,Posted: 24 February,all,NemoPunk,"I would have recommended Paladins pre-open beta 44 patch, but Hi-Rez Studios changed core character and game mechanics to ""pay-to-win"".http://www.pcgamer.com/paladins-players-erupt-in-anger-over-pay-to-win-changes-in-latest-beta/?ns_campaign=article-feed&amp;ns_mchannel=ref&amp;ns_source=steam&amp;ns_linkname=0&amp;ns_fee=0"
,Not Recommended,444090,30139238,Posted: 24 February,all,Satekh,"After the OB44 update, I'm very disappointed. As a founder's pack buyer in an earlier build, I find it difficult to justify playing for insane ammounts of time just to unlock gamechanging cards. Until they fix the system, or completely remove it, I cannot recommend the game, specially for new players."
,Recommended,444090,30138838,Posted: 24 February,all,DutaStef,I <3 This game !
76561198015963197,Not Recommended,444090,30139696,Posted: 24 February,all,Tyr,"It was a good game at first and now this is just utterly♥♥♥♥♥♥due to latest patch pay to win, good luck HI-REZ I'd rather buying Overwatch than paying this pile of dung."
76561198167209067,Recommended,444090,30140299,Posted: 24 February,all,mutte,best♥♥♥♥♥♥game ever
76561198296022088,Not Recommended,444090,30145159,Posted: 24 February,all,Yeet,baaaaaaaad
,Recommended,444090,30145108,Posted: 24 February,all,Aoxis,"Nice game, but essence system now is really useless and so hard to farm it."
,Not Recommended,444090,30138363,Posted: 24 February,all,hOI,"The game was okay, but OB44 is the worst patch Hi-Rez ever made in  Paladins. Don't play this game."
,Not Recommended,444090,30138615,Posted: 24 February,all,SigurdssonX,Patch 44.
76561198017999339,Not Recommended,444090,30141174,Posted: 24 February,all,Jukebox Dawg,Another shi-tty developer game that had a potential but ruined with money grabbing stupid sh-it like p2w microtransactions.These fuc-ks will never learn.
76561197992601801,Not Recommended,444090,30140146,Posted: 24 February,all,Lügenpresse,"Picked the game up a month ago as a filthy casual since my best friend recommended it and I did not want to pay for Overwatch.Had loads of fun.Won't have it anymore since the game became P2W after last patch. Won't invest anymore time into it.Hi-Rez already announced a new patch, but we need to wait wether it will change anything since this development stuido has a history of crashing great games."
76561198097067658,Recommended,444090,30141578,Posted: 24 February,all,rayhannahesa,"This game really fun like overwacth (i never play overwacth), and it's free to play wich is awesome"
76561198142221761,Recommended,444090,30141438,Posted: 24 February,all,kentstephent,"Even if it's still in beta, the game is simply amazing."
,Recommended,444090,30149806,Posted: 24 February,all,Lorster,"Really good but flawed game.This is really good and fun game.It's fun to play if you keep in mind it's early access.It's buggy and little bit unballanced, but i have high hopes, in the futre it will only get better.I also would hope for some plot and lore for characters. I'd like to know more about my favorites."
,Recommended,444090,30150211,Posted: 24 February,all,Crispy,This game is far better than Overwatch. Atleast this game doesn't have a character that can 1 shot players.
,Not Recommended,444090,28397471,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,mad.jyle,"Current art design is bait and switch.  Art director confirmed via Twitter plans to switch to a more conservative design for characters.  Cassie has been completetly covered up, and their vision has changed going forward."
76561198161219340,Recommended,444090,28213220,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,FlashingRedstone,"A mix of a MOBA game (like heroes of the storm, smite, or league of legends) and cartoon first person shooters (like Battleborn, Overwatch, and TF2). Good game play, easy to play game mechanics, and a verity of different characters, it truly is a move in a new direction for the gaming scene, and it's done well. A fun game, if a bit sparse when it comes to customization. Then again, we're still in beta, so more customizations are bound to come soon. As well as new characters and maps.TL;DR: Tons of fun, recommended."
,Recommended,444090,27377617,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Magaras,I played around 100 hours of overwatch in the first two months it was out. I am enjoying Paladins a lot more than overwatch right now.  The card system adds a much needed depth to this game and the action is much faster paced. Bonus you can see full stats at the end of each match.
76561198255964070,Recommended,444090,29796615,Posted: 8 February,all,CRY0G3NIC,I know I only been play for for 4 hours at this point but I think I can give this game a sound judgement. I love this game its so much fun evet fast pace def. not a play to win. everything you can get is just through playing and you dnt have grind hard either. everything is a decent price. you can pay money to customize your skin but you can also get them through cases as well. It really is alot of fun and i would def buy it but to know its free make it even better. The only regret I have is not downloading it sooner. I was on a big Dirty Bomb Kick but after this game i may have to put that game aside for awhile.You wont regret it.
,Recommended,444090,25692705,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Rob-P,"This BETA has a lot of potential.  I have never played SMITE, so I'm coming at this from a TF2 point of view.  Also, I'm not going to compare it to Overwatch, since I don't play that either.UPDATE:Pros:Good Game playGood characters (Champions)Lots of potential to become a TF2-like gameArtwork is goodAllows text chat with teamSales and promotions while in BETACons:Client crashes (it is in BETA)Still buff and nerf-ing characters to balance play (meaning your fav. champion may not be the same in a month or so)No voice chat to team (there is only so much you can type into the team text chat in a timely manner)Matchmaking still is not that balancedAttempting to motivate or dissuade players from playing off CharacterExample: a Frontline Champion should work to ""capture the point"", not play a Flanking style.However, the game does highlight champions that fulfill their role (highlight reel at game end).=========================================================Original PostPros: (for a BETA)Familiar game playGood selection of charactersSeveral maps (I've played at least 3 so far)No long/endless games/episodes (think ""Powerhouse"" in TF2 that could last for DAYS)Steam Founders Packs (unlocks a lot of loot)Tip of the hat for skins for Barik (e.g., engineer) from TF2-lookCons:Some of the characters have underpowered skills (e.g., Barik)*Still crashes (expected in BETA)Downtime for servers still an issue (couldn't log-in after repeated attempts early in morning US time)*Barik:This is the only character I've played so far.  He's allowed 2 turrets (e.g., sentries in TF2 lingo).Other shooter specific characters can easily nullify the turrets (even if you play cards that heal the turret when you are near it).  The default set of cards seems a very well rounded set, and after playing up to level-5 of this character, I think the ""reduced build time"" card for the turrets is essential.  In TF2 speak, they are similar to mini-sentries (easily dispatched).  The cool down period for the turrets is 8 seconds, so after deploying the first you have at least 8 seconds before deploying the second turret.  The barricade (or shield) is almost a must, used in conjunction with the turrets.  Put up a shield, then you first turret quickly and in succession (since the build time of the turret and the low health of the turret compared to DPS output other players can inflict).  The blunderbuss (e.g., shotgun) is a good close-in weapon, but again is not a match for an opponent with a long-range moderately powered weapon.  Barik is relatively slow, so you'll be using the ""rocket boost"" (e.g., speed up) to get out of some places or flee a rapidly advancing adversary.  I enjoy playing Barik, but in comparison to other ""Pull the trigger"" characters, he seems a bit outmatched.  I'd like to see a bit more development of this character, and I'm sure the gameplay will be phenomenal."
,Recommended,444090,26627212,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,oCL. Kiatight,"This isn't just a budget Overwatch. This is more than that, and this is a great game, even in the early access stage."
76561198043223982,Recommended,444090,26496159,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,mark ofthebeast143,This game runs on low end pc's and the gameplay is fluid. This game allows you to customize your build and tweek in game with burn cards. The customization allows for a deeper level of game play. THe selling point is it's free to play. The bonus is it able to play almost on any pc and the customization.
76561198173367597,Recommended,444090,26544651,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,SrDoug,mt bom
,Recommended,444090,26641199,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,gucci dang,GAME OF THE YEAR MLG 2K16 FOR REAL
76561198193773373,Recommended,444090,28635338,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Kevin2ks,one of D best game ever!!!!!!!!
76561198354679542,Recommended,444090,28885145,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,davebatista1110,One of the best games I have ever played
,Recommended,444090,29629026,Posted: 1 February,all,Stag,Nice Game But Has A lot of errors And problems of the authentication services Please Fix that.This Game Is A Free+a better version of overwatch
,Recommended,444090,29733212,Posted: 5 February,all,brokenseams,Is just OverwatchWhy you have to be mad?
,Recommended,444090,29414656,Posted: 21 January,all,MadaMada Chan,good free overwatch
,Recommended,444090,30065024,Posted: 20 February,all,Goigois1 [PT] #SoCute,Portuguese:Adoro um jogo de FPS muito bom recomendo (Imitação de OverWatch)Quem diz que Overwatch é o originaletc NÃOOOO!Pois para quem não sabe o Overwatch se inspirou num jogo da steam TF2 (Team Fortess 2) por isso o Paladins se inspirou!Mas o melhor de tudo é que agora é nas plataformas PS4;XBOX ONE E PCEu parei de jogar na steam porque ganhei uma PS4 e agora é só Paladins na PS4 muito feliz o chato que as novas personagens que tão no PC demoram a ir para PS4 porque eu entendo pois para fazer Update do Jogo é preciso Atualizar e demora algum tempo por isso que demora mas tirando isso muito bom se os criadores lerem eu digo eu queria compra OverWtach mas prefiro Paladins é mais Fácil e para ajudar num jogo tão bom vou comprar DLC na PS4 pois jogo na PS4 Para dar uma força!:DE uma coisa 100% Recomendando do Goigois1 :3 fiquem bem :Batman_Emoticon:English:I love a very good FPS game I recommend (Imitation of OverWatch)Whoever says that Overwatch is the originaletc NOOOO! For those who do not know Overwatch was inspired by a game of steam TF2 (Team Fortess 2) so Paladins was inspired!But best of all is that it is now on the PS4 platforms; XBOX ONE AND PCI stopped playing on Steam because I won a PS4 and now it's just Paladins on the PS4 very happy the annoying new characters that so on the PC take to go to PS4 because I understand therefore to do the Game Update is necessary Update and take some time So it takes time but taking it very good if the creators read I say I wanted to buy OverWtach but I prefer Paladins is easier and to help in such a good game I will buy DLC on PS4 because I play on PS4 To give a force!:DAnd one thing 100% recommending Goigois1: 3 be well :Batman_Emoticon:
,Recommended,444090,30120604,Posted: 23 February,all,SwordSlicerX,OB 44 broke the game's economy system.  New players would find it difficult. Its best to wait till they fix the issues this patch creates. Go to the paladins sub reddit to learn more about how the OB44 and the Essence system broke the game.EDIT:Awesome OB 50 update. Performance issues are gone.  Must play.
,Recommended,444090,26742911,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Heavy Crusher ▁ ▂ ▃ ▄,"i like this game,good game,but if this game want to group up,bigger than overwatch,they need to make more beautifull graphic,and blood efffect,after the grphic fixed,mark my word,this game will have morep layer than over watch soon,and,what the bannefits to buy overwatch,u wneed to spend 50$ just to buy a game,while paladins is free to play and 80%like overwatch,just graphic and blood effect that paladins dont have,thats all from me,hope the graphic will be upradede soon,and be sure its fast"
,Recommended,444090,29652253,Posted: 2 February,all,Quinzel_96,this game is the best
76561198121207860,Recommended,444090,29755777,Posted: 6 February,all,t o n y r a b b i t,its aiit
76561198082902714,Recommended,444090,30170433,Posted: 25 February,all,Seiferoth,"This game is good and if you don't have the funds or the computer specs for Overwatch, this game is the game for you. It's better with friends. You should give it a try, unless you don't. The end."
,Recommended,444090,30210257,Posted: 26 February,all,FAKE,hjggh
,Recommended,444090,30211634,Posted: 26 February,all,Vonhoganon,A game similar but not a direct copy of Overwatch.PROS++ Diverse and fun characters.+ Easy to earn currency.+ Card/Loadout system works well.+ Fun Gameplay.CONS-- Added Pay2Win currency.- EAC- Only 2 game modes.- Maps are linear (symmetrical).
,Recommended,444090,30211836,Posted: 26 February,all,TpFa,"This game is very fun and competetive and has a quite large replayability value. Highly recommend, also I do NOT see this as an overwatch clone and even if it was who cares? It's an amazing game reguardless."
,Recommended,444090,30210824,Posted: 26 February,all,Preacher,It's okay
,Recommended,444090,30210905,Posted: 26 February,all,Denarella,"I enjoy playing this game. learning how to play is really simple and it isn't complicted at all. The game is f2p which means you might run in your few shares of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. I love how every thing is balanced. If  I want to spend real life money in this game is because i want too and not because the game forced me to!Cons/pros:No voice chat. the game have an emote system..Single player, no joining of a guild or team ( some if you add some one). It lacks meeting new people. Most of the time I think i am playing with bots. am I? do other people play?Not a lot of scenery compared to TF2Any way its a good game, runs smoothly loads fastly, great for pvp"
76561198307664829,Recommended,444090,30211102,Posted: 26 February,all,EJSLAYAH,Fun Free Overwatch
,Recommended,444090,30246654,Posted: 28 February,all,HexaZexalExgames,Its good i like the characters. I came from overwatch to find a better game to enjoyIts been a blast playing this I suggest everyone play it and dont say its a copy its just similar.
,Recommended,444090,30246796,Posted: 28 February,all,WILER(;,GREAT!!!
,Recommended,444090,30244400,Posted: 28 February,all,blenyc,"I am an Overwatch player with almost 400 hours logged on it. I enjoy that game tremendously and the polish is great. But Paladins feels like it has a ton of momentum and potential to be a great game. The mechanics of each Champion in Paladins is somewhat similar to Overwatch (Primary & alt abilities, agility ability,  and ultimate) but does allow each game to feel different and customizable given the in-game RPG-esque card system.This makes the game unique every time, but difficult to keep up with. I found that I didn't love this aspecft since it felt too complicated to keep up with. The training and education for each Champion is inaccessible from outside of the Champion specific tab (rather than being able to see an overview of each hero whenever... same with each ability). There's so many card possibilities and combos that it makes it difficult to truly understand the game and learn it fast to begin mastering. It felt that I was constantly having to relearn everything every match rather than focusing on getting better.I do think though, as an early access game, it will eventually iron out some user experience issues and probably cut down on some abilities and complexities to keep it much more accessible and easier to absorb. I definitely recommend the game to try and I think you will ultimately enjoy it."
76561198088251669,Recommended,444090,30244525,Posted: 28 February,all,Rewind,"In all emjoying it, but there are some things that i wish could be fixed. Liked the champions hit boxes, they are able to shoot next to me and kill me and Viktors specail should no be able to go through buildings."
76561198182585390,Recommended,444090,30244529,Posted: 28 February,all,Dygrelan24,"so far its good enjoying it, but yall need to fix the ult on viktor. By not allowing his ults to go through buildings. Also you need to fix the hit boxes some of the champs sometimes hit imaginable hit boxes during the game."
76561198264585428,Recommended,444090,30244610,Posted: 28 February,all,PuşcăRELU Trădătoru,"I found recently a bug that kick you from the game,and you can;t come back,it's annoying.It kicked me 3 times.It blocked and i couldn;t play anymore,please resolve this!!!!!!!!!"
76561198008911111,Recommended,444090,30245949,Posted: 28 February,all,but it's so big onii-chan,nice
,Recommended,444090,30244766,Posted: 28 February,all,frqncs//Skyy,veri noice
,Recommended,444090,30244866,Posted: 28 February,all,YaSiR,"amazing game , i love it , amazing multiplayer , everything in this game is amazing"
76561197964697826,Recommended,444090,30244874,Posted: 28 February,all,I am Banjo Jones.,"I love this game!  It's quirky, fun, and free."
76561198261105521,Recommended,444090,30200290,Posted: 26 February,all,Iam good killer ;),Very god and fun game :)
,Recommended,444090,30195161,Posted: 26 February,all,Crayz3e,"Отличная замена Overwatch'у для тех кто устал от неё, или для тех, кто нищеброд"
76561197973486126,Recommended,444090,30218340,Posted: 27 February,all,PiTBvLL™,"Very intensive, fun to play. Great Game. Well done Hi-Rez. Keep up the good work ;)"
76561198266901104,Recommended,444090,30215989,Posted: 27 February,all,✪ GoKu,"Great game. Funny, time killer. Bomb king rules <3 GIVE YOUR KING A BIG HUG, KABOOOOOM \m/"
22222211111111111,Recommended,444090,30140885,Posted: 24 February,all,[M.N.T]^blood,its so good
,Not Recommended,444090,30146372,Posted: 24 February,all,|WZ|Vrikkiegik,Ripoff of the game overwatch... its so broken too! Play the real game here:https://playoverwatch.com/en-us/
,Recommended,444090,30144571,Posted: 24 February,all,Karliczek,Spocziii :DD
,Recommended,444090,30144635,Posted: 24 February,all,:::::K::J:::::,its a nice game
,Recommended,444090,30144644,Posted: 24 February,all,Mordin Solus,I like everything except the performance. No matter at what resolution I put it it always jams for a half a second in a huge fight.
76561198261926639,Recommended,444090,30144650,Posted: 24 February,all,supanza,♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,444090,30144671,Posted: 24 February,all,Keirax,Great game
,Recommended,444090,30144830,Posted: 24 February,all,themisterderphp,how to get overwatch for free/best overwatch knockoff
,Recommended,444090,30137423,Posted: 24 February,all,deletus fetus,Hmmm while im not sure why blizzard already released Overwatch 2 this game is okay.
,Recommended,444090,30146642,Posted: 24 February,all,Flacht,"Slightly cheaper version of Overwatch, but recommended"
76561198076882344,Not Recommended,444090,30146664,Posted: 24 February,all,andike414,very good game BUT BUT BUUUT there is 1 think i HATE they servers are still down
,Recommended,444090,30145455,Posted: 24 February,all,Me$ha GG,ÇOK HOJDİR
,Not Recommended,444090,30146058,Posted: 24 February,all,Doge♥,After B044After the new update this game has become a:- Pay-2-win-Unfair gameplay-After 1 year  the haven't fix the Damge Hitbox you can get kill by just shoooting at the airSo after thsi update you have to option pay-2-win or buy overwacth that is way better than this game now in my opinion
76561198279809482,Not Recommended,444090,30146066,Posted: 24 February,all,WAR_POTATO,i cant sing in or do anything cant play
76561198135131258,Recommended,444090,30146083,Posted: 24 February,all,ElksVoyage,"Seeing alot of people mad about ESSENCE, the new currency and I don't get it.You win it for doing alot of things not just opening chests.First time I logged in I had enough for 2 legendary cards and now I'm winning it for leveling up and doing quests also.Everyone has their favorite characters to use so get those legendary cards first and then move to the next one!Yes, you'll grind a bit but that's nothing new! You just have to play."
76561198303654118,Not Recommended,444090,30136194,Posted: 24 February,all,iilham14,essence
,Recommended,444090,30135609,Posted: 23 February,all,Miyazono Kaori,Waiting for cbt. And u doing great to fixing the bugs
76561198321333808,Recommended,444090,30135787,Posted: 23 February,all,ASH360,Error Code: 10011 (Failed to start the game)  in have this problem what should i do???????????????
,Recommended,444090,30148191,Posted: 24 February,all,MT_revon28,Fun
,Recommended,444090,30133763,Posted: 23 February,all,B~E~R~S~E~R~K~E~R,Great game 10/10
,Not Recommended,444090,30147648,Posted: 24 February,all,Deadhunt49,OB44 nuff said
76561198050394690,Recommended,444090,30147713,Posted: 24 February,all,Captain McCloud,"Okay, I think it's time for me to review this game.First off, it's fantastic: it's tight, responsive, and feels right. It's well optimized and should work on most modern PC's.The champions are fun too use and have nice designs. Yes, there are some similarities to Overwatch in terms of character design, but I think that coincidental.You can unlock cards for each champion which allow for different play styles, which is nice, but not entirely necessary in my opinion.Now, to address the issue most people have a problem with: The Legendary Card System.Is it a good system? No, I think not.Is it game breaking? Maybe slightly, but not heavily.Is it pay-to-win? Not really, each champion automatically recieves one for free (and it's the best one for a few champions).Does it ruin the game? Hell no.After having played several matches since the Open Beta 44 patch, and the Legendary cards have been only an annoyance, but not a huge one. Legendary cards require a new in-game currency called Essence to unlock, which I have plenty of because I bought the founders pack and I've played alot. However, I have not felt the need as of yet, to use any of my essance, because the cards you recieve for free are just about as the ones you need to purchase.You earn Essence in the same way you unlock anything in the game: by playing the game. You don't need to pay with real money, even though I've been hearing claims that the system is pay-to-win. It's not. It may take a while to unlock enough essence to buy cards, but the cards aren't necessary to have fun in the game.And with that, it's time to look at the basic principle which lays the true groundwork of the game: Teamwork.Yeah, yeah, teamwork sounds old and cliché, but for this game, it's important. The ultimate game-changer here is how well your team cooperates with each other; if someone's not doing their job, you're likely going to lose, regardless of how good your cards are.Communication is also important, but necessary as long as everyone knows what they are doing. If all the players are trying their hardest and pulling their weight, each match is incredibly fun and intense. If not, one team's going to mow the other down.It's especially difficult when grouping, because you're set up against another grouped team, so you and your team need lots of practice.Now, to have a good team, each player needs to know their role.Frontlines should stay as close to the objective as possible at all times, while sheilding allies (particularly the Support).Supports should also stay near the objective and focus most of their healing on the Frontline.Damage champions need to keep moving, pushing enemies away from the Support and Frontline, and occasionally hold objectives when the Frontline is down or near death.Flanks... flank. They do pretty much the same thing as damage, but due generally lower health and better mobility, they should take a little more stealthy approach.On the whole, Paladins is an excellent game, though right now it doesn't have a whole lot of content, and I highly recommend it. No, I don't like the Legendary card system, but don't let it scare you away from a great game. Yes, there are still some balancing issues to iron out, but it's still very fun and very addicting, especially when you win.I give Paladins an 8/10, and might give it a 9/10 when we get more maps and better PVE content. Go play it."
76561198245498562,Recommended,444090,30147326,Posted: 24 February,all,oughchim.ayoub,nice game.
76561198161399066,Recommended,444090,30151151,Posted: 24 February,all,Remus,Tare jocul ! :D
76561198072515837,Recommended,444090,30151900,Posted: 24 February,all,julianb686,"People are moaning out the♥♥♥♥♥about the new currency since OB44, but it really ain't that bad and they are working on making it less grind-y. One should also consider that the devs need to pay the bills too. If you don't want to buy the devs a beer then you gotta get grinding. The grind in Paladins even afer OB44 is reeeaally mild compared something like Warframe. So stop whining,This game is the bees knees,"
76561198141231457,Recommended,444090,30150347,Posted: 24 February,all,Puka_May,Free overwatch basically.
,Recommended,444090,30149658,Posted: 24 February,all,Sero,A really good free game :)
76561198229587340,Not Recommended,444090,30134566,Posted: 23 February,all,SaviourScout,Hi rez come the hell on my dudes... Ob44...Plz don't make fun of me and call me a whiner on tweeter plox
,Recommended,444090,30134703,Posted: 23 February,all,D!M farmskins.com,gg
76561198189288321,Recommended,444090,30133884,Posted: 23 February,all,Your Gun,Moms Spaghetti
,Recommended,444090,30008371,Posted: 18 February,all, Kemuji TH ,OK
,Recommended,444090,30087959,Posted: 21 February,all,T4R3K,THATS ROCK
,Recommended,444090,30133755,Posted: 23 February,all,bean child,if you're too poor to buy overwatch this is the next best thing. :)
,Recommended,444090,30133811,Posted: 23 February,all,Xtinct. 페이커,Definately a amazing game kinda like overwatch
,Recommended,444090,30139074,Posted: 24 February,all,9ΛКЯR,Good Game
76561198154159158,Recommended,444090,30139111,Posted: 24 February,all,✪-LitNutzz-✪,.
76561198326007336,Recommended,444090,30138175,Posted: 24 February,all,Burnt Avocado,its similar to overwatch
,Recommended,444090,30130361,Posted: 23 February,all,GEN,"Absolutely! Don't believe those people saying its become a pay to win. Those ♥♥♥♥ers are the noob ones who cant keep up with people who are actually improving, thus... theyre just ranting and ♥♥♥♥♥ing about the game and trying to stain its reputation.Download now! Its worth it! I promise."
,Not Recommended,444090,30143493,Posted: 24 February,all,xGhostxRobotx,New update introduces legendary cards. Seriously broke the game.. Terribly unbalanced now. Not to mention Essence.. Uninstalling
76561198358994011,Not Recommended,444090,30143616,Posted: 24 February,all,Luckyy2k,Is very bad
,Recommended,444090,29854164,Posted: 11 February,all,A Drunk Inkling,If you cant afford Overwatch get this game.
76561198201122990,Recommended,444090,30160060,Posted: 24 February,all,♍ToxicDarwin,its like overwatch but free
76561198350650492,Recommended,444090,30160945,Posted: 25 February,all,Mr.Amorel,the graphics are very good and moves very well and is very well optimized
,Recommended,444090,29509926,Posted: 26 January,all,MACHINM0,"Great game. But, like, WTF? New quest in 6 DAYS? BEAT."
76561198317993511,Recommended,444090,29510252,Posted: 26 January,all,harvester of souls,overwatch but free download better
76561198051100093,Recommended,444090,29510349,Posted: 26 January,all,TheLegend27,exellent game
76561198305360855,Recommended,444090,29510590,Posted: 26 January,all,MrCityWaffles,Good Game 10/10
76561198337462272,Recommended,444090,29511441,Posted: 26 January,all,Bot_Sun,"One day, a 10 year old kid saw his friends looking at videos of eachother playing Overwatch. He came home. He googles if Overwatch was free. It wasnt. He had no money. He logged onto steam. He only has free games. He found paladins. Then, when he went to school the next day, his friends called him lame. He know spends the rest of his days looking at hentai overwatch fanart on a private window on his moms iphone.okay storys over. I reccomend this game if you want a free fps that is similar to overwatch. The fact that it runs on mac is nice, and its always nice to have more Free-to-play First person shooters."
,Recommended,444090,29511452,Posted: 26 January,all,hackerjsimon,good games but wanna clear it up not a copy of overwACTH TWO REASON COULD BE INPSIRED AND PALADIN WAS MAD ELONG BEFROE OVERWATCH IT WAS IN CLOSED BETA SO YOU HAD TO PAY SO IT WASNOT POPULAR
,Recommended,444090,29511679,Posted: 26 January,all,rosglaxned ♡,Love this game ❤
76561198074646538,Recommended,444090,29512536,Posted: 26 January,all,buttsack,It good
76561198315772448,Recommended,444090,29565803,Posted: 29 January,all,I Will Shoot Your Head Off Buddy,Дpочибельно? Да!!!Играемо? Да!!!Платно? Нет!!!
,Recommended,444090,29565050,Posted: 29 January,all,Gabe Ucide Capre,This is a really good game.I like it instead of Overwatch!
76561198114221803,Recommended,444090,29565058,Posted: 29 January,all,DIGIT-ZILLA,awesome game
,Recommended,444090,29565060,Posted: 29 January,all,Larion,"this game is good until there's a lot of server issues like slow server for SEA, aim bot"
76561198225503224,Recommended,444090,29565525,Posted: 29 January,all,Rob99Lambo,Very good game. If you like shooting games you will like this one.
,Recommended,444090,29565634,Posted: 29 January,all,simply MiNT p.c.a. -神-,addictive
76561198168301704,Recommended,444090,30212092,Posted: 26 February,all,MLG-vie,"This game is pretty addicting and fun, so what are you waiting for go play it!~Times Ticking."
,Recommended,444090,30206762,Posted: 26 February,all,fonderpompano33,its like  overwatch but alot diffrent
,Recommended,444090,30206956,Posted: 26 February,all,Tjohn4,Fun Game
,Recommended,444090,30206336,Posted: 26 February,all,EeveeInfinite♥,"Not bad, turned into kinessa main, but i don't main widow on over watch XD(Mei4Lief)Not Having Money For Overwatch the game, not dissing but liking it many ways xDalso skye is a little bit ch xd"
76561198258473753,Recommended,444090,30206442,Posted: 26 February,all,Spartan Hank,"it is very fun, but kind of hectic to watch/play. I recomend itcompletly, for it is very fun. Just keep track of where the enemies are is my suggestion"
,Recommended,444090,30207222,Posted: 26 February,all,Lusioner,"Many fun, very enjoyment.I love the variety of champions and now, the variation of playstyles just within a single champion.There was a lot of backlash on the OB44 patch, but they *LISTENED TO THE FEEDBACK* and decreased the grind. I think that this is a HUGE indicator that Hi-Rez isn't going off the rails and ignoring their players. Good job Hi-Rez.For anyone starting the game, use this referral link to get bonuses:https://www.hirezstudios.com/my-account/#addreferrerUsername: Lusioner"
76561198253570717,Recommended,444090,30207225,Posted: 26 February,all,constanley.cs,Free version of overwatcn but it is different
76561198177053427,Recommended,444090,30207325,Posted: 26 February,all,Clear,"A very, very fun game. It does have a lot of building to do but the developers listen to their audience, takes ideas and recommendatioins to better the game.It's only in Beta so there's still much to be done and many falls and problems to overcome until it can get to a spot where it and all players are comfortable, but from the time I started sometime last year to now, I'm positive that this game will hold strong!I'm very proud to see the distance of where this game is now compared to where it was at when I began."
,Recommended,444090,30214420,Posted: 26 February,all,GwaposiJess:),Team Fortress 2.0 but with cards. Still a good game.
,Recommended,444090,30213000,Posted: 26 February,all,"99,9%","Nice Light Game, Like Overwatch"
76561198263113069,Recommended,444090,30213240,Posted: 26 February,all,Mingye0💑💕💑💕♥,SO MANY CRASHES!!!!!!
,Recommended,444090,30215501,Posted: 27 February,all,n0va,Good Game
,Recommended,444090,30215729,Posted: 27 February,all,TheLazy9,"I don't know what to say about this game, just click on that button that this was helpful and I give you a cookie (totally not a lie)"
,Recommended,444090,30212450,Posted: 26 February,all,Fen,it ok
,Recommended,444090,30212773,Posted: 26 February,all,OPSS Yah Boobay,"Went into this game not expecting much so many patches ago. ""It's just an Overwatch Clone"" people shouted and memed. No sir, this is more than just an Overwatch clone. You have 4 game modes now, A point / Payload, Payload, Elimination, and PvE. With characters that for the most part feel good and have their own uses. And then a great cosmetic system that lets you either buy the pieces of the skins or pull them in a chest, you can even purchase alternate voice packs with in game currency. Along with a number of free skins avaliable with some digging around this game is well worth it's free price tag."
76561198285992567,Recommended,444090,30212829,Posted: 26 February,all,Sprinkles_7,When I first saw this game I though wow this is exactly like Overwatch but when I got it and started playing it I was wrong. Some of the characters are similar yea but this is that type of gme people wanna play but usually it would cost money (EHM OVERWATCH!) BUT THIS GAME IS FREE! and its still an amazingly fun experience I would recomend getting this game and binge-playing it as much as you want.... Thats what I did (227 hours XD) Have a good day and get this game now!
76561198264275809,Recommended,444090,30212867,Posted: 26 February,all,Vegan Nudes,"Edit: two thing's came out of the outrage, it's a mix of good and bad, but surprisingly I feel more good is coming out of all this. I personally believe they are starting to listen to us over all this.The recent patch, OB44, has completely screwed up the game and turned it into a buggy mess of a grindfest. Some of these bugs include:Screwed up a character and had to disable him. - Was readded.The game mode they were working on for the patch was disabled. - was readded but crashes peoples games, does not give gold or experience and doesn't count towards weekly quests.Now and then when you qeue with your buddies only the leader gets into the match. - Not sure if this was fixed.First win of the day was supposed to be bumped up to 300 gold to accommodate for the new essence system say 300 but give 150. (will talk about later) 450 gold instead of 150, but you only get the rewards 3 times instead of 5, which is faster and also gives more than when it was 150 but not when it was 300. - not working.Default cards won't refund essence as they should. - patched but with a bad refund back for it. We got 18,000 essence, enough to buy 1 legendary at the time and some people got duplicates worth more.Duplicate poses range from giving 1k-2k essence even if it's supposed to be a set amount. - Not sure if patched or not, can't test because we weren't given our mastery chests.Random cards we had prior have been taken from us due to a bug. - not fixed or refunded.Default legendary cards can be given as duplicates in chests for 4500 essence. You need 12,000 to buy a legendary card(You start with 36k) , which are very important to gameplay now, and the cards don't even always refund the essence. - price was cut down for buying/crafting them down to 12,000 from 18,000. Which is better but still a touch expensive.The amounts have changed ever so slightly thanks to the essence buff to commons and the pice decrease for legendaries.Edit: Some nice changes they made from the outcry:Buffed gold gain from first win of the day so now from 3 wins you get 1350 gold, that's 450 per win, it was initially 300 per win for 5 wins, and before that 150 per win for 5 wins. So not as good as the 300 for 5 but it's still good.Common cards give 250 essence as duplicates rather than the 60 they gave to start with.Essence cost for legendaries decreased to 12,000 from 18,000. Not enough to me honestly but still a good change.You gain 1,000 essence for getting an achievement starting in a futre patch unspecified, they may also have achievements worth more but all at the moment will grant 1,000 when it rolls out.Part of the edit: This isn't a good or a bad thing but for the people that didn't get radiant chests from mastery levels we were given 2250 essence per chest or 3000 per chest if you bought a booster from them. The reasons this is a mixed thing is becauseYou can be missing out on cards that are worth much more, and likely are, such as epics and legendaries.You will also be missing out on potential cosmetics from these chests like voice lines, skins, sprays etc.BUTIf you would have had bad luck you could have more essence than you would have so you could buy some things. For me I am owed 56 chests, so I got 126,000. Enough to buy 10 legendaries. Which is honestly pretty good. The reason they gave essence instead for people prior is because of server issues, same reason they added a 30 second chest opening timer.Math is being updated atm to accommodate for the change in rates. They're better but still not good.It takes 528,000 essence to craft all the legendaries.The prices for cards, didn't explain, cards are basically skill trees that you can use on your individual characters, each character has 16 cards,common cards cost 500 essence and give back 250 for duplicates,Rares cards cost 1250 essence and give back 250 for duplicates,Epic cards cost 5,000 essence and give back 1250 for duplicates,Legedary cards cost 12,000 and give back 4,500 for duplicates.On average matches in this game are 12 minutes long. If you play 7 hours a day you can fit in 35 matches give or take.At 7 hours a day you can make about 14,000 gold, which gives you about 5-6 chests.In those chests there's an average of 1000 essence (assuming you have all the cards).You can range however from 750(all commons/rares)- 3750(all epics which are around a 15% chance to drop each.)- 13,400(All legendaries, about 4-5% chance each.)You may also get cosmetics from these chests which still have a small percentage they are more common than legendaries however.Duplicate cosmetics are worth about 2k each.Now for how long it takes to get legendaries, assuming your luck consists of all rares and commons.If we go off of the above at 6 chests with all commons and rares you'll get about 4,500 essence for 7 hours of play.Now say you wanted all 44 legendaries for whatever reason (I would like them incase the meta changes or they are nerfed/buffed.)Now say you wanted all 44 legendaries for whatever reason (I would like them incase the meta changes or they are nerfed/buffed.)It's around 16 chests for a legendary so 40,000 gold/20 hours for one, or 1,760,000 gold/880 hours for all of them.Now for every card, if you wanted them now with 22 characters:This is assuming you make 2,000 gold per hour from the number we got earlier on average match length and rewards.Legendaries- 704 chests/1,760,000 gold/528,000 essence/880 hoursEpics- 293 chests/732,500 gold/220,000 essence/366.25 hoursRares- 147 chests/367,500 gold/110,000 essence/183.75 hoursCommons- 73 chests/182,500 gold/55,000 essence/91.25 hoursSo the total of all these are: 1,071 chests/3,042,500 gold/913,000 essence/1,521.25 hours (all of this assuming you already have all the cards)(How I got these is by starting off with the amount of cards in each pool type, so 44-L/E, 88-R and 94-C. Then multiply them by the essence cost, once we have that we divide the essence cost by the minimum amount of essence per chest so 750, then we have the amount of chests, multiply by 2,500 take the gold, then divide by 2k.)You could also knock these stats down a smidge based on the range that I gave, however 750 essence post having all cards is the most common.These numbers are for just buying raw, I don't take into account mastery levels, bonus rewards and the like as to keep it easier to adjust and move from and will account for once we get 22 more characters probably sometime next year.Now these numbers seem very grim. Especially if you have horrid luck like you need to get them, but considering that you get 5 chests for getting a character tolevel 10 and there are 22 characters, you'll have 110 chests from leveling them all to 10. Not sure how long that takes.You may also get any of these cards in your chest some with lower chances than others. By the time you open 1,071 chests you'll have all the cards from it anyway, but by the time 22 new characters come out, probably next year sometime considering their plan for 13 new characters later this year you'll need to invest somewhere around 1k hours to get everything for those 22.What I'd suggest if you want all cards for all characters, if you're going to play a LOT. (Around 232 days of playing 7 hours of paladins each day.)Save your chests for future characters and open a big bit once those come out of course if you already have all the cards.In summary: The game is still not friendly for new comers especially if they want to be competitive/ a card collector. Taking over 1k hours to get all the cards for 22 characters. But on the other hand they should still be able to play casual with little problem for the earlier levels."
76561198342195773,Recommended,444090,29770082,Posted: 7 February,all,Strike,Strike
,Recommended,444090,30201476,Posted: 26 February,all,Ratliya,Good way to pass ur time.
76561198092558199,Recommended,444090,29585762,Posted: 30 January,all,RyNDrew,"An enjoyable game, fun to play, not a boring one I would say.  Also don't compare it to overwatch and it is not a ripoff of overwatch, though they have charcters which are similar to each other and gameplay but there are also lots of difference between them.Game modes are kinda short, longer game modes would add more of the fun to it, I think."
,Recommended,444090,29586020,Posted: 30 January,all,AlexDawn,"People always refer to it as the poor mans overwatch, and in a sense it is. But its still very fun and while I own and play both games I find myself comming back to Paladins more often. Very fun game with some issues that need to be worked on, but if you want a game thats fun but also know its got its flaws id give it a thumbs up."
76561198342836598,Recommended,444090,29586340,Posted: 30 January,all,[AL╬[A]Žéűš[A]╬AL],ця ігра сама найкраща дякую стим
76561198058328409,Recommended,444090,29300091,Posted: 16 January,all,JcReck,fun as ♥♥♥♥
76561198000698735,Recommended,444090,29290817,Posted: 15 January,all,Last Knight Down,"I genuinely enjoy Paladins. It feels fun and it doesn't depend entirely on reflexes the way a lot of multiplayer FPS games do. Strategy, team composition and trying to outsmart the opponent come into play a lot. There's also some very good tanks that slow the roll of lighter more aggressive characters. There's a very good triangle of balance going on here and it helps everybody have a good time. So far I don't think I've found any of the ultimate abilities to be broken or unfair either. All in all, it's a very good time and there's lots of content here without paying. You can also get a lot cosmetic items for free courtesy of the developer. I had a 10 out of 10 experience playing this, I hope you do to!"
,Recommended,444090,29402713,Posted: 21 January,all,ショックライズ,Amazing
,Recommended,444090,29405216,Posted: 21 January,all,Maximus1505,the best game ever
76561198074227493,Recommended,444090,29407885,Posted: 21 January,all,clinton.spaceship,"Great Game!! !Loads of fun with or without friends on your team!!Just needs more modes, but still in beta so im sure they are at it.Thanks Hi-Rez Paladins Team"
,Recommended,444090,29407944,Posted: 21 January,all,PixelWarrior32,It reminds me of overwatch!Its just a really nice game!
,Recommended,444090,29408191,Posted: 21 January,all,ParrottRX3,I was wrong to write this off as some kind of Overwatch rip off. This is a good game. A really good game. Triple A quality. The only thing is you have to buy some heroes. You can unlock them of course but that's free to play for you. And being as it's a great game that's no problem. I love playing overwatch but I do get tired of it sometimes. I think Paladins is the answer to that.
,Recommended,444090,29408326,Posted: 21 January,all,Poytheon,"Honestly a great game. Similar to Overwatch but distinct in its own ways, awesome that its free to play."
,Recommended,444090,29408344,Posted: 21 January,all,FreeZe,Is this overwatch
,Recommended,444090,29408517,Posted: 21 January,all,Average Joe,"I love this game, intersting characters and plently of pressure of getting play of the game.Downsides are:No voicechat, AI have godlike aiming, and AI know where flankers are at all times.But this is in beta so I cant really say that it will be a horrible game.Love it but if you can fix these promblems then that would make me not get so confused when I die by a support AI."
76561198170798489,Recommended,444090,29404085,Posted: 21 January,all,swerldeN- ツ,Best game ever :D
76561198342117309,Recommended,444090,29404157,Posted: 21 January,all,Fasi,I really love this game i found it really fun i would recomend this game 100% i give it a 9/10
,Recommended,444090,29404650,Posted: 21 January,all,Dooxer,"This is like overwatch, but better cause it's free :P"
76561198315680214,Recommended,444090,29407247,Posted: 21 January,all,Ssbrogamer109,love it that characters are amazing
76561198120572105,Recommended,444090,29991103,Posted: 17 February,all,Alexxandru203,Very cool
76561198171840593,Recommended,444090,29991541,Posted: 17 February,all,Cookie,MY CAR IS RED MY CAR IS BLUE THIS GAME VERY GOOD PLS GIVE ME LAMBORGINI AND I WILL DRIVE LIKE HUDINI
,Recommended,444090,29991786,Posted: 17 February,all,akens,dobre pomaranczoew
,Not Recommended,444090,29991861,Posted: 17 February,all,Maxrepelex,es una♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,444090,29995423,Posted: 17 February,all,⌜ DzFar ⌟,Good game *-*
,Recommended,444090,29995471,Posted: 17 February,all,StOrMK97,Great FPS game! Works perfectly in-game with tiny small bugs. Just is needed to regularly update.
76561198271804251,Recommended,444090,29995517,Posted: 17 February,all,sheep,good game.
,Recommended,444090,29995863,Posted: 17 February,all,sucia,Adictive game
,Recommended,444090,29995856,Posted: 17 February,all,Pito2004,"(before you read this, If you think this game is awesome and dont want to hear h8, dont read the spoilers to keep your ""perfect"" game ""perfect"")I personally really like this game. I feel like the game is fun and doesnt lag to much,Mostclasses are not over powered (more on that later), And the community (for all I know) Is really nice.Some classes though, likeMAIVE AND TORVALD (plus kinessa on some maps)But other than that, its a really great game.PS. ITS FREEEEEEEEEEE. just buy it. i mean really. its free. plz."
,Recommended,444090,29997100,Posted: 17 February,all,TONGAT,What a nice game!
,Recommended,444090,29997810,Posted: 17 February,all,Invador0007,good class fps game and yeah its ftp.cards system makes it even more diverse and unique player pick.must invest time to check this out atleast once.but sometimes servers go hoe and its annoying.
,Recommended,444090,29995136,Posted: 17 February,all,Sir Parap,Looking for some arena shooter to play solo or with friends? Seek no more! Hi-rez brought you this gem f2p and it's almost as good as overwatch.
76561198327348034,Recommended,444090,29994037,Posted: 17 February,all,меня большой маль,Paladins. Good Game.
,Recommended,444090,29998005,Posted: 17 February,all,big bird,Its like overwatch without the overwatch
76561198086392716,Recommended,444090,29979576,Posted: 17 February,all,Einsiedler,"Good game!Customizable ""mastery"" and ""runes""a good combination of moba and fpswould recommand it"
,Recommended,444090,29955054,Posted: 15 February,all,forever LP,I'm a simple poor manI See OverwatchI play paladin
,Recommended,444090,29953599,Posted: 15 February,all,JFHS | Delta -9DRWBY-,"8.6 / 10The only game filled with female characters I don't wanna bang, (minus ying) but is still extemely fun!Think Overwatch with a more TF2 like design, but is also it's own game.And a snake guy that heals people and throws his snake at the enemy. I take back the 8.6 / 10It's 9.8 / 10 now!"
,Recommended,444090,29958328,Posted: 16 February,all,SrX 100 day's of VAC <3,Nice Game :D
,Recommended,444090,29534358,Posted: 27 January,all,Deroch,"Really cool game, would suggest playing!"
76561198094514238,Recommended,444090,29534633,Posted: 27 January,all,zac cena,its very fun and stuffyea
,Recommended,444090,29570003,Posted: 29 January,all,Blake9600,"For those who want Overwatch, but don't have the money."
76561198145545444,Recommended,444090,29533587,Posted: 27 January,all,AndyFreeFree,"Really fun game. I play it a lot with my friends but ever since the new update with Torvald every time I try to play a game my game freezes and then after a bit it makes me log in and then because of that I miss half the game im playing, its super annoying. PLEASE FIX otherwise really fun game."
76561198337801156,Recommended,444090,29533630,Posted: 27 January,all,Humor,just overwatch for free
76561198213779765,Recommended,444090,29533802,Posted: 27 January,all,mimosa,"It is a really fun game.Yes, it is somewhat like overwatch but with a little twist.It is still buggy a little because at the moment im writing this it is still in beta so I just bare with it. For those who are eager to play overwatch but cant buy it I recommend this game instead and im sure you will not regret is"
,Not Recommended,444090,29555391,Posted: 28 January,all,SEBSATIONS,the developers are a bit ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ there are alot of technical isues loads of bugs i get locked out of the game so offen screw the devs
,Recommended,444090,29555984,Posted: 28 January,all,ToxicVixon,I love this game! Good free version of Overwatch.
,Recommended,444090,29554446,Posted: 28 January,all,NoUser404,I don't care if this is like Overwatch I still like it
76561198335267187,Recommended,444090,29554503,Posted: 28 January,all,Atenza,Great Free game! Fun for all ages. Works great on dated systems.  I currrently have the whole family playing this game while on Discord with my friens and his family. Loads of fun.
,Recommended,444090,29554842,Posted: 28 January,all,Infamous Hobolord,Skye is best waifu.
76561198279761571,Recommended,444090,29555037,Posted: 28 January,all,Almost.Burning,Awesome game. I like it
,Recommended,444090,29555155,Posted: 28 January,all,csgolive.com,i eat booty
76561198147180277,Recommended,444090,29558717,Posted: 28 January,all,CTV | Gamdom.com,Fantastic game will get you hooked alot to be achived and to grind for makes you want to play and play fun with and without friends
,Recommended,444090,29563326,Posted: 29 January,all,^^ I Love U <3,GG!
,Not Recommended,444090,29564277,Posted: 29 January,all,PnkBstrA,"Defck, what are you fools doing?i've played for bout 2 hours now, and i bought some gods and all the things you do in this game, one day i tried to play with my friends,and see what?*Doesnt auto login*Mkay.*Types in name and PW*Wrong combination?*Types in E-Mail instead of username*doesnt work either...*Resets password*Username still is wrong?*resets Username*Finally i can log in!!*Game starts, Wait, first get a username.*Ok?*Types in old username**Name is not aviable.why? WHY? ffs."
76561198272302639,Recommended,444090,29564971,Posted: 29 January,all,danny9053,i think this is a really fun game with all the charicters and stuff like that but there is some kinks that could be fixed i know this is only in beta but i find that the screen sometime minimizes then i have to click into the screen again but besides that i think that it is a good game and would recommend
76561198352909289,Recommended,444090,29561758,Posted: 29 January,all,EscorPionMasTer,BUE BOM :)
76561198283496027,Recommended,444090,29553154,Posted: 28 January,all,alonso.amt10,hola
,Not Recommended,444090,29552097,Posted: 28 January,all,Z5 | DileX[LFTM],Cussing yep.
,Recommended,444090,29552471,Posted: 28 January,all,batmanthegamer67,i love this game
,Recommended,444090,29551104,Posted: 28 January,all,Sofia,I love this game but this game dont have something i dont know what its fun first 2-3 h but then get boring i dont know why.
,Recommended,444090,29554059,Posted: 28 January,all,VenusLove,Fun game to play with friends! Really enjoying it so far!
76561198107897856,Recommended,444090,29554080,Posted: 28 January,all,Equius,"I have been playing this game for more than 10hrs non-stop and am absolutely loving it. People accuse it of being an Overwatch clone but it is very different in many ways such as loadouts, maps, game modes and characters. Overall I highly recommend this game! :)"
76561198123326095,Recommended,444090,29554287,Posted: 28 January,all,i[H]itingPvP,Very very fun and updates quickly and... IS FREE TO PLAY ----->8/10<-------
,Recommended,444090,29985807,Posted: 17 February,all,Sterbn,This game is the best multiplayer Shooter i have ever played. It is much better than TF2 or cs:go. Its worth your harddrive (or ssd) space.
,Recommended,444090,29989265,Posted: 17 February,all,Brynhildur,"I am not a FPS fan, but this game is the shiz. Even if you often find yourself in FPS's panicking and button bashing, play this, you can't help but plan out loadouts, characters and tactics. Definately worth the £0.00 i paid for it."
76561198174352147,Recommended,444090,29988082,Posted: 17 February,all,Bryguy543,"Love this game, easy to pick up and is a great game.  Check it out, its FREE."
,Recommended,444090,29986523,Posted: 17 February,all,prestiżowa cipka,SoGood
,Recommended,444090,29986564,Posted: 17 February,all,AceTex,It is a very addictive game.
76561198353014434,Recommended,444090,29986597,Posted: 17 February,all,dogeTHEwolf,Very good
76561198191424993,Recommended,444090,29986658,Posted: 17 February,all,TOASTYKILLA21,The game is rea;lly fun in my opiinum and i would really like to have more maps added in to the game.i really like the skins that are in the game and the performance of the game is great no lag at all in maxium on my macbook pro
,Recommended,444090,29986703,Posted: 17 February,all,Benlay,This is a good FPS game.
,Recommended,444090,29984155,Posted: 17 February,all,'StarLord~',love this game but staff need more some maintenance to keep all the user don't meet misc. problem like can't login
,Recommended,444090,29984340,Posted: 17 February,all,GangSterNOVA,really nice game
76561198108929251,Recommended,444090,30021545,Posted: 18 February,all,nils,10-10
,Recommended,444090,30021977,Posted: 18 February,all,KillualSchl,I recommended this game for all of you. Because this game is Awesome.
,Recommended,444090,29953144,Posted: 15 February,all,john_123warrior,Nice game. Still has bugs but they're trying their best to fix it. Lots of champions.
76561198358715151,Recommended,444090,30019985,Posted: 18 February,all,witch12,nc game
76561198259305857,Recommended,444090,30020269,Posted: 18 February,all,Watermelonshark,its good. like overwatch
,Recommended,444090,30020473,Posted: 18 February,all,✪r45h,"Gameplay is great, champions pretty balanced. The only thing that bothers me is that every few weeks a new champion comes out and you have to pay 7.5k coins for it (unless you buy founder's pack for $20)"
,Recommended,444090,30016807,Posted: 18 February,all,Russki/OPENSKINS.COM /pvpro.com,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome its like overwatch but for poor man like us i realy enjoy playing itMy advice for u to try it
,Recommended,444090,30017137,Posted: 18 February,all,calvin,Free Overwatch. Continued development and improvements. Fun stuff.
76561198327233154,Recommended,444090,30020640,Posted: 18 February,all,ShyGuy,This game is amazing and it should continue developing this game and don't look at all the hate comments
76561198079461440,Recommended,444090,29551987,Posted: 28 January,all,Chewyspedoodle,Good Gameplay. Fast paced. :)
76561198260270428,Recommended,444090,29969265,Posted: 16 February,all,Owen Wilson,s'gud
,Recommended,444090,29905551,Posted: 13 February,all,DjokerNationESL,"Changing my review several months later. So many improvements have veing made - characters have being balanced, voice chat is coming in the next patch, game modes are slightly better. it appears that hi rez listens to its communities feedback and the game simply gets better and better - hopefully when it comes out of beta - it will be a game well worth playing - for now i play for the fun aspects, it is true is cannot compete with the most popular games in the hero shooter genre but if it is definitely in my top 3. I hope to see more improvements."
,Recommended,444090,29679136,Posted: 3 February,all,Ninou #1,Overwatch 2
,Recommended,444090,30187194,Posted: 25 February,all,RedbeanMagnet,DIS GAME SUCKS............IF TODAY WAS OPPOSITE DAY
,Recommended,444090,30092518,Posted: 21 February,all,Bryanna,"Oh boy. This is turning from a satirical review to a serious review. That is when you know things are down the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Now, before the new updates, Paladins was fairly solid. You had memes such as Viktor, Tyra, and Androxxus in need of a nerf but they could be managed. The currency and whatnot seemed fairly balanced, one currency you get in game to get most things, the other currency you buy to get cosmetic stuff. This Game Is Not Pay To Win, which I think for a free 2 play makes it stand out so much. The Visuals are nice and simple, especially if you can max it out, which is not too demanding. There is a wide variety of characters, all of them different in their own right, so there is variety. The playerbase is active, which is awesome. A really good game to sink some serious time into.Now we come to the hamartia. From what I gather, a lot of stuff broke after the newest update. Some gamemodes arent functional, a character was taken down for renovation? However, what stands out the most is the new currency system.Essence: The new and third currency system in Paladins, used to buy cards for champions. On paper, sounds clean. However, the execution was a mess. You have to seriously grind for essence, and for new players, this will turn them off quickly. As an older player, I got 100k+ essence for whatever reason, so this has not impacted me directly. However, some of my friends got screwed over, and they were playing for the same amount of time as I.In conclusion:Make Essence Easier To Obtain (maybe at the end of each game, or by doing challenges, maybe even steam achievements)Fix The Bugs!!!!! (Just Do Some Poking Around)Nerf Our Lords And Saviours, Viktor, Androxxus, and Tyra (I say this as Im guilty of using them. However, I have now started the path of forgiveness with Makoa and Maeve :deboas:)"
,Recommended,444090,29937771,Posted: 15 February,all,ssxmik0,Its Overwatch for like pepole wich dosent like f*cking payment overload so i like itjust get it and play it for 1-3 hours and you like itand if you have friends they have to get this if you want a team to winso yeah have fun playing and good luck by your next match!
,Recommended,444090,30170211,Posted: 25 February,all,RainbowsBlood,"I love this game, even though some people say that its rip off of Overwatch and I must agree that since it's same genre you can say it's rip off, but paladins were in development before OW and are also kinda different so don't judge it as clone but as game and you have to play it. Some people prefer OW and some Paladins. I belong to the second group."
,Recommended,444090,29522644,Posted: 27 January,all,3xX,"For a competitive game it is pretty fun and relaxing, champions are easy to learn and play, perk/card menu is clean, nice community, awesome gameplay, runs smoothly and nice graphics. If i'd have to pay for this game I'd still pay, but it is also free to play. The only downside I see is that some champions are way to OP and Hi-Rez Studios does not do much about it, which kinda kills the fun sometimes.I rate this game a (8/10)"
,Recommended,444090,29990597,Posted: 17 February,all,Kikows,Very Nice Game!!Recomended:D
,Recommended,444090,29546718,Posted: 28 January,all,ףושניה,"Do not create an account with a google of a Facebook account, otherwise you'd be assigned a random account name made from a mix of letters and numbers, which is frustrating when you have to enter your account name every time you want to log in to your account."
76561198354225939,Recommended,444090,29213647,Posted: 12 January,all,Jackson,My paladins is not loading. What do I do? It says thats its already running
76561198094883931,Not Recommended,444090,30137901,Posted: 24 February,all,gzarzozela,"I no longer believe that Hi Rez care about the end consumer, they have continually implemented policies to take advantage of the gamers who enjoy it. I am not coming back. i uninstalled it and will now save up for Overwatch. You let me down Hi Rez."
76561198253431354,Recommended,444090,29407411,Posted: 21 January,all,__DM__,LOL
,Recommended,444090,29407584,Posted: 21 January,all,MLG SPRINGTRAP,very good i love it
76561198119314501,Recommended,444090,29647677,Posted: 2 February,all,Pierce,This is the best overwatch free version of overwatch If to poor to buy overwatch then download paladins
,Recommended,444090,29952319,Posted: 15 February,all,[SG] TechPortal,"I played this game and immediately was addicted. I had a lot of fun. All of the characters are cool,it gives you a tutorial as soon as you start playing too. The guns and ultimates are also cool. Honestly,everything about it is awesome!"
,Recommended,444090,29952498,Posted: 15 February,all,Sethpai_Gaming,"Awesome game! I love it, but i having an issue. The sound on the game doesn't work at all even with or without headphones at 100 volume. Help please!"
76561198209924391,Recommended,444090,29952831,Posted: 15 February,all,Kur0-,nice game
,Recommended,444090,29879324,Posted: 12 February,all,Capitano Del UnderPanto,nice game
,Recommended,444090,29879529,Posted: 12 February,all,Illitharn The Changed,"Fun game to play, particularly with friends but it does have some serious issues especially in the balancing category.1. The PVE is beyond difficult with just absurd enemy health pools and damage centered around CTP gameplay.2. Characters with rapid fire weapons do absurd amounts of damage, most notably Viktor and Tyra who does around 70 damage per 0.1 seconds to characters with health pools typically around 25003. Character nerfing & bufffing is basically non-existent and nonsensical.4. The Hi-Rez devs specific to Paladins seem to be very not in touch with thier players, very opposite to the situation with SMITE which is another Hi-rez game5. Many character deisgns are ripped from other games, Drogoz literally is just Pharah if she was a dragon, Barik is Torbjorn/Engineer (TF2) etc.6. Very few characters actually require skill to play effectively which usually just plays as hold M1, with exceptions to characters like Mal'damba, Maeve etc.All in all a very enjoyable game but at least for the meantime do not expect anything amazing from the game as solo gameplay without friends is just a rage fest at the Illogical balancing and terrible/uninspired design choices.Definitely worth picking up since Paladins is free but again, don't expect anything great."
,Recommended,444090,29879729,Posted: 12 February,all,GreenDesigner,Great game! i havent got this thrill since i first played TF2! Well done Paladin Team!
,Recommended,444090,29849814,Posted: 11 February,all,Passive Fist,Really fun game.
76561198242688784,Recommended,444090,29881857,Posted: 12 February,all,DaScreamingSausage,"Paladins is a great team based class shooter,some say it is an Overwatch copyGotta admit it is very similar but it has got a lot of features and great gameplayLOVE IT"
,Recommended,444090,29882422,Posted: 12 February,all,Pootis is my City | trade.tf,Love this game so much. Play with my friends all the time! Keep up the good work. And maeve is op!!!
76561198318308075,Recommended,444090,29878776,Posted: 12 February,all,NOOT NOOT,AWESOME GAME EASY TO GET GOOD AT AND JUST REALY FUN (sry caps)
,Recommended,444090,29879058,Posted: 12 February,all,Rusty,Very promising!
76561198328876502,Recommended,444090,29956758,Posted: 15 February,all,Captain of the White Tower,Great game but so many fernandos ruins my day.♥♥♥♥ING DIE COLONEL SPICY GARBAGE HEALER
76561198078807139,Recommended,444090,29915292,Posted: 13 February,all,Dinblack63,"This Paladins was CRAzy enough to play with. if not play as Maeve,her ultimate will chill your goosebumps"
,Recommended,444090,29915448,Posted: 13 February,all,Alts,"Played this before I played overwatch, have now played both and while I'm not going to comment on who copied who the games do share similar character design so overwatch players won't feel lost. The game has a card based loadout system which keeps every match a tiny bit differentand, in my opinion a rather different pace to overwatch but that might just be me. This game is free so give it a try."
,Recommended,444090,29895088,Posted: 13 February,all,Shaximus,"I'll try to keep this as short as possible. However, be warned: I love this ♥♥♥♥ing gameYou ever find yourself bored with the common free FPS trash available on steam? Miscreant made games like Blacklight, or Warface, or Heroes and Generals? Then you need to playPaladins. If you are looking for the best free to play FPS game out right now,this is it.This is the most immersive, action-packed, addicting arena shooter I have ever played on Steam. It does resemble Overwatch a little bit (some of the characters are almost identical to Overwatch's heroes) however I don't find that as a problem. You're trying to tell me that 100 percent originality is a thing in gaming in this day and age?Yeah, get the ♥♥♥♥ out of here lulWoops, I mean, yeah that's very possible...Alright, enough with the jokes. This game combines elements from 3 of the best games I have ever played: League of Legends, Overwatch, and Team Fortress 2...And it does it ♥♥♥♥ing flawlessly and beautifully.There are loot boxes that you receive (1) at every level and they contain loadout cards. Now, these cards give your champion of choice different starting traits and buffs at the beginning of the game and throughout the game. You can customize loadouts for each of your champions using cards you have pulled from boxes and cards the game comes with, or just use the basic loadout for your champion. Once the game has begun, you can (should) buy items with in-game credits. Depending on the game mode, you receive a different amount of credits at the beginning of each match to buy some starting items. As you play the objective, get eliminations, kills, assists, all that good stuff, you receive more credits to buy more items OR a stronger tier of an item you already have. This adds a dynamic to the game that I have never seen in an FPS. You can use the knowledge of how strong your items are versus the other teams items to calculate what your potential is in each fight, and then execute that calculation. It's brilliant.At this time, the game is in beta and there are22 different champions,which is a good starting amount in my opinion. I'm sure Hi-Rez plans on adding more champions to the game. Each champion comes stacked with at least 3 abilities (usually only 3, no more) and each abilities is almost completely unique to all of the other abilities in the game.The gameplay just feels absolutely exhilarating and immersive and refreshing compared to other FPS's I've played. I put it's fun potential over that of CS:GO, CoD, Battlefield, and all other shooters alike(maybe not Overwatch though)Ahem...ALL OTHER SHOOTERS.Seriously, what the ♥♥♥♥ are you waiting for? Download this free awesome game and play it. 10/10, would recommend to anyone."
,Recommended,444090,29913263,Posted: 13 February,all,MrT3ddy,"Plains, stupid, dumb game that will never get passed BETA because of the horrible character balance, which reflects on smite and the smilirities show how much TRASH this games are. Overall love it..."
76561198137092432,Recommended,444090,29911840,Posted: 13 February,all,IanTheKorean,"A great game that has a similaresque playstyle to OverWatch but nevertheless different. While I do think getting to Comp takes longer than it should, thats A OK. However, everytime Hi-Rez releases a new Champion for Paladins, they usually turn out to be overbuffed or just plainly OP. Maybe a little bit more dmg/health testing and scaling before realeasing the chracters?"
76561198251638330,Recommended,444090,29912268,Posted: 13 February,all,Babablacksheep#ongrass,Pretty good
76561198271865664,Recommended,444090,29911355,Posted: 13 February,all,Kat,PALADINS IN THE SHIZ YO. PALADINS IS FOOKIN LIT FAM!!!
76561198202589439,Recommended,444090,29465500,Posted: 24 January,all,GuardiaNN Official,Very nice game !!!!!!!111111!!!11!!
,Recommended,444090,29465603,Posted: 24 January,all,bl4ncyboo,hot.
76561198046705923,Recommended,444090,29463785,Posted: 24 January,all,Jokaaa,Server on this week is bad! Very bad! Keep disconnecting. Come on!
76561198131582291,Recommended,444090,29466038,Posted: 24 January,all,Princess_Sophia,If you are too poor to afford Overwatch join Paladins!
,Recommended,444090,29467187,Posted: 24 January,all,ЕДИНОЕ ЗЛО,"Бесплытный Overwatch, но не клон."
76561198086339316,Not Recommended,444090,29436045,Posted: 22 January,all,Rhado,"if u cant buy overwatch play this, it's literal copy and paste of overwatch, the powers of the heroes and the looks of some( even some of the lines they say are the same as in overwatch. for me it felt like a cheap copy.In my opinion just play this until u can buy the real game (Overwatch)"
,Recommended,444090,29436171,Posted: 22 January,all,marcoselencina,me encanta si sacan el juego completo lo voy a jugar todo el dia
,Recommended,444090,29436220,Posted: 22 January,all,The Pybro,It's pretty great!
,Recommended,444090,29467504,Posted: 24 January,all,CanadianBear  | trade.tf,Much good :)
,Recommended,444090,29473649,Posted: 24 January,all,yuri2317=salty,"Its very nice, what i mean by nice, Its pretty good."
,Recommended,444090,29473898,Posted: 24 January,all,[                            ],"Like overwatch, but free"
,Recommended,444090,29473949,Posted: 24 January,all,M.SaBa [End ... ],VEry Nice  BEst
,Recommended,444090,29474008,Posted: 24 January,all,JDubbz,"PALADINS Is a love child between TF2 and Overwatch. Paladins is a great game especially for early beta! There are a few things here and there I would like to get fixed but I believe it will all come out in the wash. Overall, I recommend this game! I give it an A- because I believe-in time they can do better."
,Recommended,444090,29452886,Posted: 23 January,all,Raion,Main tembak tembakan lewat karakter mengasikan sekali.. ayee
,Recommended,444090,29453208,Posted: 23 January,all,BlastODD,"This game is for people who want to play Overwatch, but can't.Gotta say it's amazing. It runs smoothly with my GTX 1060, and FX 8320. I see no latency drops, or connection drops.I highly reccomend you try this game!"
76561198268151404,Recommended,444090,29453284,Posted: 23 January,all,┣▇▇▇▇▇═──,Try it
76561198101873379,Recommended,444090,29453302,Posted: 23 January,all,ElCeifas,"Good game. My best friend got me into it some days ago and despite being bored of traditional fps games, I liked it. Games are vibrant, fun and generaly don't take that much time. The characters are currently just 20 which is little but then again it's still beta. At start you get 8 free characters with various roles, namely front line(tanks), damage(dps), flank(assassins) and support. It's pretty easy to get enough gold to unlock new characters (maybe even too easy), and you can even test each one in a ""shooting range"" closed map, before you make your decisions.The customization is nice, from voice packages, to mvp poses, dances, weapons and clothes. You will also have to buy some cards to optimize each character and give them bonuses.Ofc, make sure to bring in as much friends as you can and play with them in voice chat for the best gaming experience."
,Recommended,444090,29453339,Posted: 23 January,all,xkingbowserx,"Dont have money for overwatch?Not sure if your computer can handle overwatch?Dont wana risk paying for overwatch and then not liking the game?PLAY PALADINS, updates/patches pretty often so more content keeps comin out."
76561198093307929,Recommended,444090,29453370,Posted: 23 January,all,MitZe,"I'm,at the moment,about 170h into the game and after all that time i still enjoy playing.Here are some possitive and negative points about the game:positive:+it is FREE TO PLAY.+it is a class based shooter with some moba elements in it(it has champion classes,items,cards system).+it is easy to understand you don't need to learn much to play this game.For new players there is autobuy items option in the options to use untill you get the hang of it.+you don't need to play for too long to unlock every champion in the game.+some cosmetics you can buy using gold the curency you get ingame for just playing the game,doing quests.+time to kill is very short so if you like fast game you won't be disappointed.+if you login every day for 7 days in a row you get 50 crystal(paid curency).+they are making new champions,new maps all the time+support champions aren't healing service that you use and forget about them they do have dmg and utilities so that they aren't boring.negative:-No voice chat.It is very fast game that you don't have time to comunicate with your team by writing in the game chat.There are keyboard combinations so you can say generic things like:""Attack"" or ""I'll flank left"" but you can't coordinate with your team.-Does't have a good tutorial for new players.They have a tutorial but it doesn't show you what roles there are,what is the goal of each role,what type of dmg there is,what item's should you take in what situation,it doesn't explain card system at all.Curent card system:-some cards are must have and others are useless,-it is a trail and error expariance to find what card combination suits you,that isn't bad but...-each card costs gold to buy,which is a hidden grind element in this game,+you do get basic deck for every champion,which is nice+adds customizability to the playstyle of champion that you playAt the time of the post it is OB 41 patch and the game is beeing updated every 1-2 weeks and the game is getting better and better.So if any of you like what you read try it."
,Not Recommended,444090,29454666,Posted: 23 January,all,HEY PEOPLE,always disconnect from server..need rework
76561198257453020,Recommended,444090,29960728,Posted: 16 February,all,[NIG] Tinapay Ni Squidward,no money?want to buy overwatch?theres paladins
,Recommended,444090,29955162,Posted: 15 February,all,Ediitz,Love this game so much
76561198204744631,Recommended,444090,29955274,Posted: 15 February,all,</JellyPatrol>,Very good and would definitely recommend!
76561198195848873,Recommended,444090,29955871,Posted: 15 February,all,_£OX¥_,Best game ever:)
,Recommended,444090,29956047,Posted: 15 February,all,"|O| MA R:""|""""""""""|   <3",nive
,Recommended,444090,29954969,Posted: 15 February,all,smiley the kid,01010100 01101000 01100101 00100000 01110111 01101111 01110010 01101100 01100100 00100000 01101000 01100001 01110011 00100000 01110011 01110100 01101111 01110000 01110000 01100101 01100100 00100000 01110011 01110000 01101001 01101110 01101110 01101001 01101110 01100111 00101100 00100000 01101000 01100101 01101100 01101100 00100000 01101000 01100001 01110011 00100000 01100110 01110010 01101111 01111010 01100101 01101110 00100000 01101111 01110110 01100101 01110010 00101100 00100000 01100001 01101110 01100100 00100000 01010000 01100001 01101100 01100001 01100100 01101001 01101110 01110011 00100000 01101001 01110011 00100000 01100010 01100101 01110100 01110100 01100101 01110010 00100000 01110100 01101000 01100001 01101110 00100000 01001111 01110110 01100101 01110010 01110111 01100001 01110100 01100011 01101000 00101110 00100000 01010100 01101000 01100101 01110010 01100101 00101100 00100000 01001001 00100000 01110011 01100001 01101001 01100100 00100000 01101001 01110100 00101110 00100000 01001110 01101111 01110111 00101100 00100000 01100010 01100001 01100011 01101011 00100000 01110100 01101111 00100000 01100001 01101110 00100000 01100001 01101110 01100011 01101000 01101111 01110010 00100000 01110111 01101001 01100101 01101100 01100100 01101001 01101110 01100111 00100000 01100001 01110010 01101101 01100001 01100100 01101001 01101100 01101100 01101111 00100000 01100001 01101110 01100001 01101100 01101100 01111001 00100000 01100100 01100101 01100110 01101001 01101100 01101001 01101110 01100111 00100000 01100011 01100001 01110100 01110111 01101111 01101101 01100001 01101110 00101110 00100000
,Recommended,444090,29956264,Posted: 15 February,all,diabeeto|ᵃˢᶜ⁽³⁾ᶰᵈᵉᵈ,dank
,Recommended,444090,29907186,Posted: 13 February,all,Andonie,"Greatest game of all time! If you can't play Overwatch or you can't buy it, this is kinda like Overwatch, but i actually like it more than Overwatch, i am bored of Overwatch but this game is not really that boring actually -.-"
76561198182777595,Recommended,444090,29910601,Posted: 13 February,all,Casca,"AMAZING GAME!!!! WOULD RECCOMEND, ESPECIALLY WITH FRIENDS!!!!!!"
,Recommended,444090,29910665,Posted: 13 February,all,Duckii-chan,"Its a nice difference to Overwatch, characters have more unique abilities; as to some of them being too similar to some heros from Overwatch. Still a nice casual game to play.Graphical wise, I see more a mobile looking game, I mean heck, my phone could probably run this since the quality can get quite low..."
,Recommended,444090,29908886,Posted: 13 February,all,hla sabab,Its a AMAZING game
76561198318861879,Recommended,444090,29903192,Posted: 13 February,all,RubberyDuckery,This game is super fun and I'm getting a badge for posting a review
,Recommended,444090,29898791,Posted: 13 February,all,Zon1kK,good game!
76561198251604412,Recommended,444090,29898866,Posted: 13 February,all,『SiscoN』,GGWP game rate ++
76561198170441513,Recommended,444090,29899073,Posted: 13 February,all,GTX27,good game
76561198325104632,Recommended,444090,29899081,Posted: 13 February,all,adamz,Paladins is a good game that I enjoy a lot and have a lot of fun playing.:)
,Recommended,444090,29899285,Posted: 13 February,all,KooS,Bel gioco
,Recommended,444090,30076358,Posted: 21 February,all,SirRaptor,"Really good fps, team objective, classbased shooter that focuses on a moba styled shooter. A ""cheap Overwatch"" but better in my opinion. A normal 5v5 unlike Overwatch with a mobastyled card system. Champions come in all sorts of species such as goblins, elves, dwaves and such. Lores will soon be out for every champion once it is no longer in open beta. It is really fun and is still in open beta meaning the game is still developing. Get it now to feel special, early access VIP stuff. Hitboxes are broken and will always be broken."
76561198277893997,Recommended,444090,30073551,Posted: 20 February,all,Mecha Trump,"It is a good game ,but it could use some improvements and maybe some more charecters like how League of Legends has over 100+ this game could also have that many if this game were survive that long."
76561198246820114,Recommended,444090,30086610,Posted: 21 February,all,JMK,Very good game for a free to play
,Recommended,444090,29775617,Posted: 7 February,all,۞   FreakY۞,Awsm game.. quite fast
,Recommended,444090,29775681,Posted: 7 February,all,zombiemingle,this game is awesomethats all i gotta say lol
,Recommended,444090,29778522,Posted: 8 February,all,Lord Earl Grey,excellent game! although i wish i got more stuff in the founder's pack.
76561198146249960,Recommended,444090,29769534,Posted: 7 February,all,[MT] MELONBOMBER,Amazing game so far looking forward for further updates keep up the good work :)
,Recommended,444090,29769573,Posted: 7 February,all,Ioana,Very good game.
76561198325588551,Recommended,444090,29772231,Posted: 7 February,all,Mr.Krabs,Should make linux verson pls love this game but love linuxdual booting sucks.
76561198039227604,Recommended,444090,29770826,Posted: 7 February,all,empty,Decided to try this game out after being bored of the meta in Overwatch and I don't see myself stopping anytime soon.
,Recommended,444090,29770889,Posted: 7 February,all,Wekrot,Very good game.Just try
76561198096318165,Recommended,444090,29771009,Posted: 7 February,all,Smosh,im haveing prodlems loging in
,Recommended,444090,29771201,Posted: 7 February,all,jack-coffee_devine,"Fast, fun and a great way to kill some time."
,Recommended,444090,29771379,Posted: 7 February,all,Come Cu de Curioso,"For those who think this is a Overwatch ripoff, actualy, Overwatch is a ripoff from this game.Overwatch was announced in 2014, Paladins had a closed beta in 2012.Both games are very good, but this one is F2P, no P2W features, just skins.10/10"
76561198256309781,Recommended,444090,29779227,Posted: 8 February,all,Droideka,.
,Recommended,444090,29779860,Posted: 8 February,all,SkamirCZ,Very good game but you can add match replay
76561198177713437,Recommended,444090,29781584,Posted: 8 February,all,silviuspace,Super games
,Recommended,444090,29781695,Posted: 8 February,all,xpert/  csgosick.com,Nice game
,Recommended,444090,29824023,Posted: 10 February,all,Mase '20,Great game even in beta!
,Recommended,444090,29825865,Posted: 10 February,all,ExpectoPatronum,Great game although sometimes have a little lag
,Recommended,444090,29826387,Posted: 10 February,all,Reponja123,Awsome9/10 becouse it is free and recently updatedIt is little bad becouse heroes aren't free
,Recommended,444090,29827805,Posted: 10 February,all,Osama | trade.tf,"Good game, just a couple of bugs"
76561198277160972,Recommended,444090,29827863,Posted: 10 February,all,Jiogen,"I haven't been able to play the game,each time I try to come up with a username it keeps telling me''invalid referrer:please enter a valid username or emial address for your referrer.''Each username I put it always tells me that and yes I put my email address in correctly but it won't work"
76561198067440150,Recommended,444090,29611265,Posted: 31 January,all,DairiuX hellcase.com,I like this game it's basically of overwatch but free :)
76561198143952380,Recommended,444090,29611409,Posted: 31 January,all,Blue#foreverbanned,thumbs up
76561198161229380,Recommended,444090,29616695,Posted: 31 January,all,TerkelTheGreat,I love this game.
,Recommended,444090,29613360,Posted: 31 January,all,sum c001 n4m3 11k3 4rm1du5,:)
76561198189533550,Recommended,444090,29613788,Posted: 31 January,all,AwesomeArcherAlex,Absolutely love this game. So many great characters and moves. I play it so much. Really great.
76561198068226950,Recommended,444090,29613937,Posted: 31 January,all,larrybucks,ye its cool i guess i turned into a chicken and blew people up with a dragon jet pack manits ok 2/10 IGN
76561198206508001,Recommended,444090,29614560,Posted: 31 January,all,JeanTroll,Overwacho is bien chevere :v
,Recommended,444090,29614598,Posted: 31 January,all,사자의 심장,Budget Overwatch. This pretty much says everything about the game.The current state is pretty basic but hopefully as time passes new things will get updated into the game.
,Recommended,444090,29612414,Posted: 31 January,all,Andrei RBOT #1,Jogo Mt Bom Vale A Pena Jogar !
,Recommended,444090,29584785,Posted: 30 January,all,Nightwatch,Awesome gameplay. Great characters. Teamwork-based. Cassie is Love.
,Recommended,444090,29599667,Posted: 30 January,all,CringeSage101,"Its very fast paced, intennse and vey fun"
76561198217308701,Recommended,444090,29600301,Posted: 30 January,all,Curly<3,is alright
76561198259441163,Recommended,444090,29601542,Posted: 31 January,all,Infinity,Awesomee Team-Based game ever made!
76561198262877273,Recommended,444090,29601573,Posted: 31 January,all,aMoisTLittleBoy,Fun game
,Recommended,444090,29604894,Posted: 31 January,all,I Will Be Back!,"This game look like anither version of ""Overwatch"" but it's fun so....i just enjoy the game but i hope there's more mode..."
76561198277328267,Recommended,444090,29605014,Posted: 31 January,all,jakiro,uvuveveveosas plss make moooooooreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee event
76561198320175001,Recommended,444090,29605080,Posted: 31 January,all,Dunno480,very good
,Recommended,444090,29578336,Posted: 29 January,all,MASTER PUPPET,GOOD GAME FOREVER
,Recommended,444090,29632691,Posted: 1 February,all,GRIZZLY_ME,I played this game till i bought Overwatch but when i get mad there I come back to paladins still funand also for the fact that my friends like this more due to overwatch being expensive9/10
76561198242950868,Recommended,444090,29632734,Posted: 1 February,all,ГришкаEliteDrop.ru,"Pladins-it,s nice game!"
,Recommended,444090,29633198,Posted: 1 February,all,fixyee pixyee,overwatch is that you
76561198189542077,Recommended,444090,29633569,Posted: 1 February,all,RAGENinjaHD,love this game keep up the good work
76561198017412658,Recommended,444090,29360436,Posted: 19 January,all,Aradan2,"Game is  cool. Looks perfect, champions are awesome and allways you have chance choose champions which fits you. After OB41 patch game feels to be disbalanced. It is still open beta so it can be changed. There is missing some rule for group building, so it is not rare to be in group where is one tank and 4 DPS. Also is almost impossible to invite friends to group.One realy weak chain link are people. I understand that is hard to expel all trolls and rude people and peolpe who do not know what are they doing. ....  Maybe some rating of players after match done by players could help. Probably it could eliminate fact that DPS has more Objective time than tank. The most of maps are well done and interesting and gives to group possibilities to choose right tactics for every kind of opponent.  I think that in future it could be perfect game giving a lot of fun for players. This is reason why I choose thumb up for this game."
,Recommended,444090,29515237,Posted: 26 January,all,macho man gandhi savage,"As someone who hasn't played Overwatch, I enjoy this game. Though from what I've seen, it seems different enough from Overwatch to be unique. It's got some bugs and the like, but it's still in beta and there's plenty of time to fix them. I myself haven't seen any cheaters or anything. There isn't really a pay to win system, you just pay for skins and aesthetic things, like most good free games have. The characters are mostly balanced with new ones being added on a regular basis. I think under the surface this game is more than just an Overwatch clone."
,Recommended,444090,29515258,Posted: 26 January,all,fpsdan,Great Game.
,Recommended,444090,29515450,Posted: 26 January,all,p3lb0x,"Been playing Paladins for a bit, the ""Budget Overwatch"" comparison is apt, but it sets itself apart enough to be its own game."
76561198109043923,Recommended,444090,29511274,Posted: 26 January,all,DrakeSaysHi,its almost exactly like overwacth thats all that needs to be said
,Recommended,444090,29512095,Posted: 26 January,all,🅱🅸🅻🅻🅼🅸🅵🆄,"it use to be original, but now kinda bit too overwatch styled, but its a good game, tbh i dont mind it. its great."
,Recommended,444090,29528381,Posted: 27 January,all,Mr.khaled N<3 (sell minecraft),love it
76561198216424456,Recommended,444090,29528409,Posted: 27 January,all,WildWolf,"A fun FPS thats color full and fun. I would like more maps but they keep adding no play able charaters that are intresting to play! I recomond this game to any fans Of Overwatch, over all i think its a Great game!"
76561198242826760,Recommended,444090,29526349,Posted: 27 January,all,j i m i n s h o t,love it <3
76561198059976768,Recommended,444090,29516000,Posted: 26 January,all,calibir555,"It's a good game, has problems, but I can't complain too much, especially with it being f2p.IN REGARDS TO SALTY INTERMINGLING OF DIFFERENT GAMES COMMUNITIES: AKA OVERWATCH VS PALADINS________________________________________________________________Too many people are complaining about who ripped whom off, when neither of these games are extremely original in the first place. (Pro tip: most games are not)How about this one, do these character concepts or abilities sound familiar,1. Large knight guy who protects allies with shield2. Short guy/dwarf that sets turrets,3. Generic asian archer4. Cute ice user5. Talking animal6. Ninja7. Flying missile launcher on legs8. A guy (bulbous or not) that uses hooks/grab to drag people in (seriously this has been a thing since scorpion and blitzcrank >-> )9. Mecha warrior10. Generic soldier11. Spider themed assassin12. Or even the good ol' fashioned cowboyIf a game does not have one of the above mentioned, it likely will eventually, because they are standard character concepts, not innovative flashes of brilliance, and are both more convinient and easier to work with as a result.Love both of these games, but they do what almost all games do, use archetypal ideas to please people in one way or another. About the most original ideas these games have to offer is a tree that uses an axe as a weapon, and a jet set radio character introduced into a hero shooter.________________________________________________________________Final review: You should give it a chance, if you don't like it go back to Overwatch/TF2 or move onto another game."
76561198305660287,Recommended,444090,29516192,Posted: 26 January,all,Evolution-,262223
,Recommended,444090,29516218,Posted: 26 January,all,Its time to stop,"Just like overwatch,but slightly less"
76561198275080626,Recommended,444090,29516588,Posted: 26 January,all,DOTAININDO,"very very god damn cool game,thumbs up"
76561198213020411,Recommended,444090,29482675,Posted: 25 January,all,$Boombox$-blw.tf-,My favorite game so far But you could add The melee combat like press e and it melee's :)
76561198354335557,Recommended,444090,29482726,Posted: 25 January,all,Marzu1337,Love this game <33333
,Recommended,444090,29491721,Posted: 25 January,all,✪HWCrook_Sinobi,nice and free
76561198328870538,Recommended,444090,29491802,Posted: 25 January,all,ThePlug,"Great game, smooth combat, intense."
,Recommended,444090,29484025,Posted: 25 January,all,laziesj,very nice and addictive
,Recommended,444090,29484598,Posted: 25 January,all,Crezy Cock (not smurf),NICE
24543453453534214,Recommended,444090,29488900,Posted: 25 January,all,Cocozinho,OH YESSSSSSSS
76561198167319289,Recommended,444090,29524814,Posted: 27 January,all,Vuc4k,is of goodnes
,Recommended,444090,29524951,Posted: 27 January,all,Ozzy,"10/10 Recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of Overwatch or want to a similar game. Gets really addictive. Furthermore, it has a wide range of players to pick from all having their own unique ability’s."
,Recommended,444090,29946824,Posted: 15 February,all,GenoCide,This game helped me overcome my CSGO addiction.
,Recommended,444090,29947048,Posted: 15 February,all,FAITH-CHAN,"i tjought it was a crappy overwhatch rip of, it is accually a fun game"
76561197971924798,Not Recommended,444090,29945556,Posted: 15 February,all,madmanic,Create an extra account -> love thoselogin through google -> lets go the fast routestill have to create hi rez account -> got me gamestarting game still have to login -> invalid login informationlogin through hi rez site -> account name became U1234567895/7 would create account again
76561198218397601,Recommended,444090,29945604,Posted: 15 February,all,Ice Bear,GOOD GAME
,Recommended,444090,29945817,Posted: 15 February,all,iREMAS,Nawet spoko
,Recommended,444090,29979991,Posted: 17 February,all,mikachan420,"ive got to say i rather enjoy this one. ive been playing games since, well when doom came out when i was a kid. i first cut my teeth on the fps games of the glory days and this game plays a lot like the games i grew up loving. to me, it feels like a weird moba-ish mix of doom and quakes deathmatches with some extra fancy♥♥♥♥♥♥ im not to crazy on the ""hero shooter"" thing or all the who's dickriding who ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. although, i actually found this game through the overwatch player base's more zealous fans whining on youtube about this game ripping♥♥♥♥♥♥off. ive been gaming since the early 90's, and honestly, most games copy most games.. i went through the era that every non id fps was a ""doom clone"". i saw max payne take ""bullet time"" from the matrix and then like every third person shooter add way too much bullet time to ♥♥♥♥ing everything. halo did recharging health well, and soon after the health bar left 99.9 percent of fps games that came out after awhile. and thats just a few of the bigger ones. the point is, if something is innovative or just damn popular, it runs out into other games. paladins is fun, plays similar to old school fps games, and the store doesnt ♥♥♥♥ you and your wallet broken like most free to play games. so, fanboy this or ♥♥♥♥♥ about that, but the game is fun and whatever side of the game battle, you all really sound like a bunch of fukkboi ♥♥♥♥♥ anyways. quit whining and play games."
76561198113684306,Recommended,444090,29980129,Posted: 17 February,all,When i Get Tired,nice game
76561198300687173,Recommended,444090,29980509,Posted: 17 February,all,chefmc,Not very great graphics but good gameplay. A few bugs but worth the time playing. Will recommend this again.
76561198310875275,Recommended,444090,29971725,Posted: 16 February,all,MCMustache1357,Amazing Best Game Ever!
76561198364284290,Recommended,444090,29830176,Posted: 10 February,all,Granticle,Very good and isn't laggy so good game
76561198046571542,Recommended,444090,29974240,Posted: 16 February,all,Your Step-Dad,"I have both, they aren't very similar, play way different. Still dank.Thumbs up."
76561198196670355,Recommended,444090,29974616,Posted: 16 February,all,Fatal Fuse,love this game
76561198174022262,Recommended,444090,29969378,Posted: 16 February,all,cara_de_pau,Loads of fun ! Thank you !
,Recommended,444090,29970292,Posted: 16 February,all,Omega,Loved the mechanics and the gameplay
,Recommended,444090,29970601,Posted: 16 February,all,Sorry,I PLAY BUT DUN GET BARIX
,Recommended,444090,29941682,Posted: 15 February,all,Gloxy,pleasegive me back my firehorse
,Recommended,444090,29936475,Posted: 14 February,all,HMANN,Personally i agree overwatch is definetly better however that doesnt make this a bad game. Paladins obviously is well... similure to overwatch to say the least but it is still fun in its own ways
,Recommended,444090,29919163,Posted: 14 February,all,Akira | strikedrop.com,Well its oustanding
,Recommended,444090,29936655,Posted: 14 February,all,The One Who Laugh,Overwatch for free
,Recommended,444090,29937046,Posted: 14 February,all,You Read This < You Stupid→,Nice
76561198122944652,Recommended,444090,29928346,Posted: 14 February,all,HE COOKIN'!!!!!,"It's fun. While its definitely different enough from Overwatch to be its own game its still too similar for me to want to play it when I vastly prefer OW. However, I wouldn't call it a ""poor man's Overwatch"", it really is well designed and a lot of fun. Plus, I mean, its free. So if you're looking for something to try go for it, its definitely a blast."
,Recommended,444090,29928416,Posted: 14 February,all,raciel2902,Pretty recommended!!! This game still giving me a lot of fun. If you like games like MOBA FPV you will like this oneI hope you enjoy this game!
76561198256295322,Recommended,444090,29926624,Posted: 14 February,all,Lost Saiyan,i jsut love♥♥♥♥♥♥♥this game
76561198098987482,Recommended,444090,29927092,Posted: 14 February,all,Captain Dickhead,"10/10This game is simply amazing. An Overwatch clone if you wanna call it, but not a rip-off. Hi-Rez obviously cares about this game enough to work on constant updates *cough*unlike some companys that shell them out as dlc*cough*, and is overall one of my favorite games. Also, cute fennec fox character. Furries will be happy with that."
76561198352713349,Recommended,444090,29927490,Posted: 14 February,all,Wanderlust ♥™,Good
76561198106116887,Recommended,444090,29925800,Posted: 14 February,all,ZTFN,"GG, had fun"
76561198345079863,Recommended,444090,29903549,Posted: 13 February,all,A_K GOD hellcase.com,superb
76561198273327323,Recommended,444090,29901882,Posted: 13 February,all,Marina,Wew this game is awsome you should play it #not overwatch
,Recommended,444090,29898916,Posted: 13 February,all,Lil Heitler,like for everythingdislike for making the engineer fat..(I AM TRIGGERD BY THIS)
,Recommended,444090,29902225,Posted: 13 February,all,BETON LIGA!,His very very good game
76561198300083773,Recommended,444090,29949050,Posted: 15 February,all,Lev,"This game is amazing. It has so much diversity, from a Sentient Tree, To a Goblin in a talking Mech. I strongly reccomend that you play this game."
,Recommended,444090,29949187,Posted: 15 February,all,dobby,this is amazing free games to play.
,Recommended,444090,29949263,Posted: 15 February,all,Hoot.avi,"I hate to admit it, but I've been playing this more than I have Overwatch.It's so janky and unbalanced, it's hard not to love."
76561198355504408,Recommended,444090,29949474,Posted: 15 February,all,loopygalixy,good but sum champs are a bit op
,Recommended,444090,29949712,Posted: 15 February,all,Zeus Uchiha,at first i say nahh look that♥♥♥♥♥♥is so bad ... but when i play i say wow this♥♥♥♥♥♥is fuc****epic
76561198353440142,Recommended,444090,29642028,Posted: 1 February,all,caiden3002,love the game very active and balanced besides the Skye and Evie think that they need de-buffs.
76561198058878989,Recommended,444090,29644853,Posted: 2 February,all,lynxonicus,"sadly this is not just a overwatch clone (don't comment saying which came first etc, cause i don't really care, fact remains they are the same principle/genre, even with ridiculously similar character's) okay that's enough mentioning it's direct competetion.I went in with absolutley no expecations, only seeing images. (i have spent many hours on it's 1up), so i straight away enter a match, with a character that looked familiar, little did i know the playerbase is mainly kids, to which i ended up with 40 elims, no deaths. I'm not here to say how good i am, i'm just making a point that kids can enjoy this, but when someone experienced comes along it's game over for them, thus i felt guilty, cruel and uninstalled haha. (YES! it's a competetive game, but all i could picture was how i feel when someone uses an aimbot in csgo etc, it's a frustration quite like no other)Smites where it's at honestly for F2P and i believe provides a much more unique challenge but a very different playstyle.I won't diss this game as it's F2P and not pay to win, i just think if you are getting crazy good at this, go buy OW and let the community on this enjoy what they have, not to say that overwatch can't be easy, but definitly competetively is of another level :)It's a clone, no different to how COD is to DOOM. difference is there's no greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ stealing your moneyz, easy wins, if they had the money that blizz has, im sure they would trump OW easily."
76561198136149330,Recommended,444090,29658402,Posted: 2 February,all,lowfie17,the game wont let me play it it just stopd after last patch says i cant connect to hi rez anymore
,Recommended,444090,29656324,Posted: 2 February,all,Asuki 麻生,"Great game! After a while you slowly learn how to play, its pretty simple. You get high FPS (frames per second) so you dont have to worry about having the best setup. I would totally recommend this game, and I hope everyone gives it a go :O"
,Recommended,444090,29656942,Posted: 2 February,all,edge ☊♫ツ,best Game ever <3
,Recommended,444090,29655103,Posted: 2 February,all,Raz3r!!,I never expected such thrillinf experience playing this game :)
76561198065735198,Recommended,444090,29655141,Posted: 2 February,all,Chara,this is my third reviewit seems they balanced the game now and its now playable without me wishing to kill myself so it is a good gamethough sniper needs more power
,Recommended,444090,29655334,Posted: 2 February,all,zayDric,You know overwatch? Yeah that.
76561198323279273,Recommended,444090,29655891,Posted: 2 February,all,76561198323279273,sick
,Recommended,444090,29655902,Posted: 2 February,all,MachoMacho,Game IS goood
,Recommended,444090,29655939,Posted: 2 February,all,PeaceKpz,Will it be available for Linux?
76561198337474177,Recommended,444090,29400910,Posted: 21 January,all,MaxSudo~,"Game cool, but does't support in linux os"
,Recommended,444090,29654456,Posted: 2 February,all,morph,Best fps MMO game. More champion please.
,Recommended,444090,29654486,Posted: 2 February,all,|WZ| Blazingstardude,"This game is really awesome! had a few troubles considering HUD but only minor issues that can be ironed out. playeed the game for a whole month non stop and i still cannot get enough of it. to make things better, its not even system intensive. GOOD WORK GUYS! KEEP IT UP!"
76561197961423478,Recommended,444090,29653120,Posted: 2 February,all,erwinkeij,"----------------------------First Impression:----------------------------A very polished strategic FPS // Moba FPS, Not pay to win!----------------------------Pro's:----------------------------* Fun!* Free to play* Not Pay to Win! +++++++* Only aesthetics cost money* Reasonable prices for aesthetics* Champions simple enough to unlock* Diverse Champions* Tutorial present* Ranked play present* Good performance* Good looking!* Reasonably balanced (*see cons)----------------------------Cons:----------------------------NOTE: as this game is still in (open) beta these things may well improve drastically!* Awfull balance on "" some""  champions (some really dont do ""anything""  well while others seem to excell in all fields.* Only a few maps* Very liniar maps (very little use for going off the beaten track)* Very few skins to buy (wich really is only bad for them,.. more skins allows for more possibilities for profit )----------------------------Final thoughts:----------------------------If they keep this direction,1: Increase mapcount (diversify)2: Balance a bit more3: STAY FREE TO PLAY AND !!NOT!! PAY TO WIN!I see a large playerbase ahead! A viable E-sport and formidable competitor to Overwatch.As a long time fan of League of Legends I cant help but think their business format is a winner!GG"
,Recommended,444090,29653287,Posted: 2 February,all,Oh the irony,Recomendo a todo mundo que quer passar raiva com time mongol!
76561198054756897,Recommended,444090,29567338,Posted: 29 January,all,mosal2,"nice game, got it at a good price. load times between matches/rounds too long. nags when asks for login details all the time even if choose keep me logged in. now cannot log in at all, no idea just exits."
76561198315139327,Recommended,444090,29587411,Posted: 30 January,all,"JI""FireFLy""IL",full game ??
,Recommended,444090,29466992,Posted: 24 January,all,DIE kukusabzi !!!,awsome
,Recommended,444090,29622425,Posted: 31 January,all,cartermicwater,great free to play game with lots of potiential
76561198105817926,Recommended,444090,29652306,Posted: 2 February,all,Kaitou Kid,good game
,Recommended,444090,29652613,Posted: 2 February,all,Delzo,The cheap version of Overwatch. It's free and fun. What's not to like?
,Recommended,444090,29652699,Posted: 2 February,all,Neobolts,LOVE IT
76561198312805921,Recommended,444090,29668930,Posted: 3 February,all,Marsh✖‿✖Mello,Best Game Yet
76561198268402063,Recommended,444090,29664937,Posted: 3 February,all,「Vlad」,Nice!!
,Recommended,444090,29667320,Posted: 3 February,all,neko,.
,Recommended,444090,29663270,Posted: 2 February,all,NATUMBAMAN,Nc game
76561198304238732,Recommended,444090,29668171,Posted: 3 February,all,GamemonsterskinUp.gghellcase.com,The developers must to make to not play with bots
,Recommended,444090,29668179,Posted: 3 February,all,★ Karma,Really fun game.
76561198282593802,Recommended,444090,29668207,Posted: 3 February,all,MenthoL,Super
76561198332182933,Recommended,444090,29666144,Posted: 3 February,all,A!z3N,CEL MAI TARE JOC
76561198142582288,Recommended,444090,29670896,Posted: 3 February,all,sol,"So i really do love this game, honestly, they are still working out bugs with each update, but thats normal for an early access.ALSO: when making a hi rez account it really is a stupid system but make sure you automatically get your username from the forgotten username, it auto generates you a username for some reason. then get a temp password from forrgoten password and then log in and change it on their homepage.Just a helpful tip!"
,Recommended,444090,29671601,Posted: 3 February,all,Lachger,Good game
,Recommended,444090,29675055,Posted: 3 February,all,⋘Brandonio⋙ cs.money,I love it!
76561198261529821,Recommended,444090,29675244,Posted: 3 February,all,NoiSaFimSanatosi,gud
,Not Recommended,444090,29583760,Posted: 30 January,all,Man With a Mission,"Stopped playing after OB39, now I just collecting daily login bonus at least until things get better.Used to loved this game so much, but with recent updates I'm not sure about directions the game currently lead to.Game balance sucks real hard, they only adds and buff damage and support heroes while flankers and front liners keep getting nerfs after nerfs, and in my experience they're important roles that you must have on competitive match, are the devs want to turn this game into those brainless call of duty game ?Anti cheat system is literally dogshit, my friends been using aimbot and wallhack cheats for weeks on their main account and they didn't get punished or whatsoever, and that's just one of many problems with their Easy Anti CheatI get it that the game are still in beta, but with so many broken things that need to be fixed, I think they should prioritize that over adding some new content and hatsDevs got too greedy with in game store, I don't get it why you have to gamble in a game that supposed to be competitive game if you want to buy costumes for certain champions, just let us buy that specific parts that we want, this isn't some casual mobile games where you can sucks your customer's wallet dryIf you think you can do whatever you want because the game still in beta, you're wrongYou started micro transaction in your game and took our money, so you have responsibility to fix this broken game"
76561198062777590,Recommended,444090,29625928,Posted: 1 February,all,Ser Berus,Kid:Is there a way that I can play overwatchDevs:Speak no more10/10
,Recommended,444090,29628083,Posted: 1 February,all,beastLGH #hussein,Very nice game :*
76561198345543583,Recommended,444090,29628629,Posted: 1 February,all,Trendy,Good stuff right here ♥♥♥♥♥es!
76561198204369484,Recommended,444090,29628643,Posted: 1 February,all,H4ch1k0,"Good game, gets a lot of enjoyable time"
76561198217660731,Recommended,444090,29628706,Posted: 1 February,all,cruisercc18,"Amazing game and I can only see it getting a lot better over time, champions are interesting and suit all different types of playstyles. Game has similarities to overwatch just as overwatch has similaritites to tf2, definitely not the same though. Reccommend to try it out, feels like a game worth 30$ but its free so 100% reccommend."
,Recommended,444090,29626848,Posted: 1 February,all,The Slinger,Save money for overwatch..
,Recommended,444090,29626950,Posted: 1 February,all,ItzTeddy,Well if u dont got money for overwatch here is it free overwatch not good as overwatch but yeah its free so :c
76561198143898332,Recommended,444090,29614005,Posted: 31 January,all,HasseTheOG,"paladins vill inte fungera när jag startar det på mitt skrivbord, det står bara ""Failed to start game (missing executable)."""
,Recommended,444090,29733825,Posted: 5 February,all,School Shooter ︻╦╤─,great game
,Recommended,444090,29735031,Posted: 5 February,all,Danku,"This game is very fun, I don't get mad from it a lot and for me its a bit funner than overwatch ;)"
76561198083699440,Recommended,444090,29730364,Posted: 5 February,all,krimsson,"This game is clearly a clone of Overwatch but I find it fun.  The characters are unique and interesting.  If you like OW, I don't see why you wouldn't like this.  Also it is F2P, give it a shot!  The only thing missing is some polish."
76561198155414934,Recommended,444090,29730802,Posted: 5 February,all,Kromikon,"For being a free to play game its defininently (idk how to spell) worth a shot, i had high expectations because its popularity. It delivered over my expextations by alot. try it m8 if ur reading this"
76561198312492587,Recommended,444090,29730870,Posted: 5 February,all,Ech0,Hey ther my name is Vilim and I wood like too help you to find bugs if you want more info yus send me email by the way your game is great and waaaaaaay more better then overwatch.vilim.vukmanic2@gmail.com
76561198083530534,Recommended,444090,29732129,Posted: 5 February,all,Hoser313,Well polished and highly addicting
,Recommended,444090,29732452,Posted: 5 February,all,Bloem's Power,"This is a very good game. You don't need high-spec PC to play this game. And also it's free to play (Who doesn't like free to play games?) XDThe only bad thing about this game is the ""AIM-BOT""I really hate it when I meet AIM-BOT in the game!Please fix it fellas.But overall it's a very good game and addicting! Cheers WooHoo"
,Recommended,444090,29732638,Posted: 5 February,all,Grain,OverWatch for the homeless!
,Recommended,444090,29731256,Posted: 5 February,all,TeM0,"This game is great,Its really easy to run, you dont need a good PC for it.Its easy to learn very entertaining,I like the champs, some are super fun to play, Like Cassie.Cassie might be a little overpowered though <:Would recommend this game,Glhf"
76561198096316632,Recommended,444090,29731520,Posted: 5 February,all,Wintercat,I Like
76561198094784794,Not Recommended,444090,29432753,Posted: 22 January,all,Hoppros,Every game is a steam roll. It's never fun on either side. On top of that it has constant lag and stupidly designed champions. Don't play this garbage.Also there is unplayable lag in every match since the last patch.
,Recommended,444090,29682117,Posted: 3 February,all,Zach,This game maybe the same as Overwatch but not the same as in customizing and detail to character and if you do like overwatch you will instantly love this game to micro mini bits. there is a more detailed review on my channel --->https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6b-qBth6dQw
,Recommended,444090,29682184,Posted: 3 February,all,Vongola X,This game is the boom was playing it before it even came on steam cant wait till the entire game is done
76561198229115656,Recommended,444090,29687384,Posted: 4 February,all,Agent 47,"As usual, the 10th person always late or never joined the match. I think Overwatch is better, but maybe it's becoz it's back up by a huge and renown company. This game is good if you want to play Overwatch but can't afford it."
,Recommended,444090,29691261,Posted: 4 February,all,opcaptainop,"nice game have lots of fun, but really low hero number that you can play or buy! so i hope they can add plenty ore soon before the gamse dies"
,Recommended,444090,29662572,Posted: 2 February,all,Darielcarl,NTAPSS :V
,Recommended,444090,29662680,Posted: 2 February,all,Memes.ElgIndigo,nc  game must instal this game
,Recommended,444090,29662860,Posted: 2 February,all,trickylatte,I mean come on the boobs is bigger in this one so overwatch sucks
76561198310968087,Recommended,444090,29662949,Posted: 2 February,all,Kim Jong Oof,very fun game lag never happens and gameplay is simply awesome
76561198008642761,Recommended,444090,29663128,Posted: 2 February,all,Les Miserable,Most people will probably call this an Overwatch clone which it kinda is but it's like Overwatch for the poor man. This is a pretty good game if you can't afford the $50 for OW either way I'd still recommend OW over this.
,Recommended,444090,29661118,Posted: 2 February,all,Marinara Sauce,"I mean, for someone who can't afford overwatch, it's still a good game. The developers didn't take any shortcut which is a good thing.Overwatch is still a masterpiece though, so you should still play it."
,Recommended,444090,29651518,Posted: 2 February,all,Sc💍rpionchik71™=ACC=,it broke it self cannont hi-rez download cannot find stuff 10/10 amazing broke its self THUNMBS UP FOR THAT IS GREAT MY LIFE SUCKS :D
,Recommended,444090,29651934,Posted: 2 February,all,Sierron,"If you like server issues every second day, then this game is for you :)"
,Recommended,444090,29652060,Posted: 2 February,all,henlo my guy,best game I've playedmy computer can handle itand its free
76561198274493524,Recommended,444090,29642221,Posted: 1 February,all,brianquiroz726,"i cant play it, is really fun but the Easy Anti Cheat doesn't let me ;c"
76561198084786723,Recommended,444090,29642732,Posted: 1 February,all,Savvy6,"With only 2 hours, I can say this is a game worth at least trying, especially for being free.  My major complaint is the blatant use of aimbots that run rampant and ruin the matches."
76561198142547724,Recommended,444090,29639609,Posted: 1 February,all,Papa Boi,its really fun but i ended up uninstaling because i got over watch if you have the money get overwatch if not get paladins
76561198097777800,Not Recommended,444090,29639623,Posted: 1 February,all,Hollows,"why i can't login with my facebook account or my gmail account? and if i click play , not working , please tell me why . because i really want to play this game"
,Not Recommended,444090,29557100,Posted: 28 January,all,Zero,The game was good till the latest patch but now it has become imbalanced. Some toons one shot u and its so funny. There is no point in playing until thr is some balance and nerfs.
76561198318708670,Recommended,444090,29682255,Posted: 3 February,all,Soulkiller,Really good game i recommend it congrats on the people who made paladins
,Recommended,444090,29682259,Posted: 3 February,all,OdS,Good game
,Recommended,444090,29682577,Posted: 3 February,all,Deneyriys Stowmbown,GREAT
,Recommended,444090,29682721,Posted: 3 February,all,[WGM]Carmine1018,JUST GET THE ♥♥♥♥ING GAME
76561198078589654,Not Recommended,444090,29683111,Posted: 3 February,all,TOOmuchADHD,Can't get past the ♥♥♥♥ing game client.
,Recommended,444090,29683142,Posted: 3 February,all,p o w e r,rly like the game
76561198324615603,Recommended,444090,29683858,Posted: 3 February,all,Quadarique,This Is simmilar to overwatch its a fun game i enjoyed playing
,Recommended,444090,29872844,Posted: 12 February,all,SeeLookRed,Mantap tapi pengen nyoba overwatch
,Recommended,444090,29800235,Posted: 9 February,all,Wisel,Great game!
76561198019340985,Recommended,444090,29798326,Posted: 9 February,all,chevrille,Awesome card system.No waiting time like OW...fast pace and fun heroes
,Recommended,444090,29716351,Posted: 5 February,all,VAC Banned,THEY ARE BUG IN THIS WHILE PLAYING01.MATCH MAKING TAKE MORE TIME 1-2 MIN AVG BUT SOME TIME IT TAKE 5-6 MIN02.ACCEPT/JOIN IS BETTER BUT SOME THIN IT DOESNT WORK AND SHOW ACCEPT TO FAIL OR JOIN TO FAIL.03.THOSE WHO FAIL TO JOIN PUT THEM IN COOLDOWN04.THEY ARE  MANY NEED UPDATE INVENTORY IN GAME WE NEED TO FIND IT TAKE MORE TIME THAT WE DONT NED TO SPEND
,Recommended,444090,29798911,Posted: 9 February,all,PanDor ∈ Pros 乇ﾑらㄚ,there are a lot of cheaters but the game is very good and playableThose cheaters are very annoing and I have a screen shot of it on my profile there were 4 fernandos and 1 healer and we cannot do anything....
,Recommended,444090,29803561,Posted: 9 February,all,Moriarty,good and fun game ...
,Recommended,444090,29801741,Posted: 9 February,all,Rev-Nok,"Great game all around.Its hard not to compare it to other games, that are similar to it. Speaking of TF2, Battleborn and of course Overwatch.Paladins offers quite a bit though, but lacks in other department seeing that it is still in 'beta' I'm more acceptable to the lacking as its not officially out yet and I see quite the possibility of fixing the mistakes.The pro's of the game.- Runs like butter (Which is good).- Requires lower system ratings then similar games.- Constant updating, new champions, maps, modes, patches and events.- Great PR and E-Sport focus.- Unique Champions- F2P modelThe con's of the game.- Lacks a decent tutorial for new players( Okay, don't get me wrong here, playing against AI in the first few starting matches is good if not great, however there are certain aspects of the game that require a bit more teaching perhaps. To the item purchases, creating builds, knowing what your field is suppose to do. Flanks taking our the right targets, Front-liners knowing their focus etc)- Lacks purpose and story, some might argue here but it does however lack it.- Lacks a carrot. (By this I mean, there's little to work for sure there is the 'level' and 'rating' for those in the competative field or those that just want to show of their fancy stars/frames. But for us normies, we don't feel compelled enough to play one more match. Once we finish all our quests in a single hour)."
,Recommended,444090,29802109,Posted: 9 February,all,DualTimeFire,"This is an incredible spin off for Overwatch. If your PC doesn't quite reach the mark like mine, and you have hardly any cash then definately go for this as an Overwatch alternative! The game features go together with the beautiful graphics and they all just weld together into a bundle that is very easy to grasp as a game and as a whole...EXCELLENTworkmanship and definately would recommend as a work of art like this does not get released very often! Plus with the optional skins, characters and purchases, it may just surprise you that this game is far from a pay to win and is completely optional. You just have to pay to look good! But HEY why does it matter if you look good when you take out the other team and there is no one around to witness your attire!"
76561198288385522,Recommended,444090,29802191,Posted: 9 February,all,AmixCS:GO,Best game ever!
76561198355399452,Recommended,444090,29802230,Posted: 9 February,all,VaLyVaLeNtIn78,Nice Game.
76561198171973957,Recommended,444090,29799451,Posted: 9 February,all,Gracias,Anyone nows how to fix this?If I play training siege and complete the match I gotn't any money from it...I hope this is fixed or is it a little bug that you can fix?Please someone help!
,Recommended,444090,29801214,Posted: 9 February,all,milf connoisseur,gamesux
,Recommended,444090,29801314,Posted: 9 February,all,distruzio,GOOD FPS GAME!
,Recommended,444090,29801354,Posted: 9 February,all,#MURE10K,Jmek
76561198234334636,Recommended,444090,29801450,Posted: 9 February,all,_Mock`Create_,I love how this Game keeps on Developing itself and it just becomes more fun :)Fernando <3 Ying XD
76561198352803653,Recommended,444090,29762225,Posted: 7 February,all,DanielKalchenko,nice and fun
,Recommended,444090,29814723,Posted: 9 February,all,{2d gen}_redpanda,love the game play if you like overwatch then you will love this
76561198192201178,Recommended,444090,29814857,Posted: 9 February,all,King Bard,All good but dont bother playing PVE because you will go against 4 fernandos and a healer and you will lose :(.Better make a new game mode with normal hero picking like siege or payload.Still recommend this game tho and hope they will make changes in this PVE.
76561198277147306,Recommended,444090,29816645,Posted: 9 February,all,kyronnguyen2004,AWESOME GAME
,Recommended,444090,29814930,Posted: 9 February,all,Smirwarf,"Love Paladins! Bought the Founders pack back when the game was in ""Closed Beta"" and really happy with how far the game has come along. Out of all the toons I really love Bomb King, makes me feel like im playing some 90s Arcade game at ChuckeCheese or something when I was a kid lol."
,Recommended,444090,29814973,Posted: 9 February,all,A-Lyse,its was a nice game
76561198264230886,Recommended,444090,29813616,Posted: 9 February,all,< black >,good
,Recommended,444090,29772923,Posted: 7 February,all,anime,free to play overwatch
76561198226592744,Recommended,444090,29774217,Posted: 7 February,all,Endrr,Pretty Good. Needs a little fixing but other than that I recommend getting it.
,Recommended,444090,29774431,Posted: 7 February,all,bigbobart,Free fun version of overwatch. I like it
,Recommended,444090,29796339,Posted: 8 February,all,Jere Huttula,Great game and it's free :)
76561198346468365,Recommended,444090,29793009,Posted: 8 February,all,TH€ R£∆P£R,"Paladins: Champions of the Realm is a team-based shooter where players select between a variety of heroes and fight to capture objectives. Brawl it out in 5v5 matches as one of a colorful cast of characters, each imbued with their own abilities. Players can further customize their characters by enhancing some abilities over others through an extensive card system. Work together to secure the objective and then escort a cart to the opposing team's base to win the round. The first team to secure 4 points wins the game. Further customize your hero by purchasing items with currency earned during a match. Rank up your heroes and enter competitive play to test your skills and ability to work with other players to make split decisions that will either win or lose you the game."
,Recommended,444090,29793510,Posted: 8 February,all,JACK,best game ever
,Recommended,444090,29792907,Posted: 8 February,all,Slurps,a free overwatch cause im broke and i can't afford it on ps4 and pc
76561198137727981,Recommended,444090,29794400,Posted: 8 February,all,Shotoa94,Paladins is in it's own right's a great game.  I would recomend it to anyone wanting to try something new or something different in the FPS world of gaming.
76561198151368330,Recommended,444090,29795094,Posted: 8 February,all,SpaceKittenSenpai,"Fun game to fall back on when taking breaks of other games, 4/20."
76561198013655592,Recommended,444090,29797449,Posted: 9 February,all,RQS-devine,Pretty fun and fairly easy to start playing. try out different classes find one that works with your play style and maybe learn a new play style. Not pay to win as far as I can tell. I recommend trying it won't cost you anything to try it except a lil disk space.
,Recommended,444090,29789624,Posted: 8 February,all,Siotus,Its a poor mans overwatch but i love the game
,Recommended,444090,29789825,Posted: 8 February,all,hbk7,For those who can't afford OVERWATCH must play this.Game 10/10Servers 8/10Fun 9/10
76561198229694964,Recommended,444090,29789900,Posted: 8 February,all,★¥SrB1elZin¥★,DADADS
76561198362294667,Recommended,444090,29790069,Posted: 8 February,all,Ican'tRead,"Now honestly this game is a lot of fun. Although a lot of people will call it an Overwatch clone, it does have its differences like a different gameplay style when starting a game, the fact that it's free, and that you need to buy your characters with in-game money. Some things I dont like about the though is the sound quality(probably because of my pc but still ruins the gameplay) the character balance, and the bots in the game having aimbots and all that crap.Overall i would say that a lot can be expected from this game when it fully comes out but that it might turn like total♥♥♥♥♥♥ I fyou can run this game, which i dont doubt, you should definitely try it out while you can."
76561198170412953,Recommended,444090,29788292,Posted: 8 February,all,Yeezsus,"While I haven't been playing long, I can tell you it is a good game. Some may think it is better than overwatch or ""vise versa"", but I think they are equal. They have lot's of similarites, yes. But they both offer unique experiences"
76561198346238598,Recommended,444090,29788412,Posted: 8 February,all,SmAsH616,Great combine of moba and first-person shooter guys! Thi team-based shooter is on of the bests I have ever played so far! You should give it a try!
,Recommended,444090,29787303,Posted: 8 February,all,Linus.,...
76561197975948154,Recommended,444090,29788662,Posted: 8 February,all,Is Alive,Like overwatcy but more dank
76561198052029521,Recommended,444090,29790457,Posted: 8 February,all,Berryexchange  vcb nnnnwwwww   n,ASWEAMO
,Recommended,444090,29596485,Posted: 30 January,all,thobricksmaster,"Amazing game, free! Enough said."
76561198275685554,Recommended,444090,29610879,Posted: 31 January,all,3 Fingered Beast,"The game is good and runs surprisingly well even without a graphics card ,the game also has some bug like where your HUD disappears for the whole game until you restart the game. However the game is very fun to play and i would highly recommend it"
,Recommended,444090,29611165,Posted: 31 January,all,Rabbix,Free Overwatch
,Recommended,444090,29608384,Posted: 31 January,all,Hyper Fail,great game.
,Recommended,444090,29609591,Posted: 31 January,all,.mops,nice Game ever
,Recommended,444090,29609880,Posted: 31 January,all,exeee',Nice game and good job :d
,Recommended,444090,29609987,Posted: 31 January,all,OneEyeKing,I like this game is the best i play it with my f*****g friends
,Recommended,444090,29607039,Posted: 31 January,all,Sonu,Seriously a fun game! Very interesting to it's core. Thank you Hi-Rez! :)Note: I'll update my review as I play more of this game.
,Recommended,444090,29607340,Posted: 31 January,all,LNKY,hey thats good
,Recommended,444090,29602118,Posted: 31 January,all,Sworn,Very enjoyable game although balance updates are very well made it is disappointing to be beaten by a single character merely because we didnt have counterstyle characters but pverall gameplay is very fair and lively.
76561198129578571,Recommended,444090,29606303,Posted: 31 January,all,McJeaper,its funny game like overwatch but for free
76561198236960430,Recommended,444090,29576211,Posted: 29 January,all,TheChelog08,"-THE GAME WAS WELL UNTIL THEY ADDED TO THE NEW CHARACTER (TORVALD), THAT WEARING THIS ROTISSEEN, IT IS VERY COMPLICATED TO KILL IT IN A 1 AGAINST 1, HAS A PROTECTION THAT HURT IT DEMACED AND HIS DAMAGE IS VERY DISBALASED. PLEASE FIX THIS, AS IT IS VERY MOLOEST TO PLAY THERE.-EL JUEGO ESTABA BIEN HASTA QUE AÑADIERON AL NUEVO PERSONAJE (TORVALD),ESE PESONAJE ESTA ROTISIMO , ES MUY COMPLICADO MATARLO EN UN 1 CONTRA 1, TIENE UNA PROTECCION QUE LE DURA DEMACIADO Y SU DAÑO ESTA MUY DESBALASEADO. POR FAVOR ARREGLAR ESTO, YA QUE ES MUY MOLOESTO JUGAR ASI."
,Recommended,444090,29765217,Posted: 7 February,all,Ｐｏｓｔ,"This is my in depth chart on the strengths, and weaknesses of Paladins.Pros:Good, Fluid CombatGood Hitboxes,Not much server lag,Friendly communityDecent character balance.Good GraphicsNo 60fps capVery good control mapping.Cons:BombkingPeople Who play as bombkingMakoaPeople who play as MakoaThats basically it. You get a hell of a lot more than you pay for, cause you pay nothing, Its a fun, fluid,  decently balanced. moba like FPS. Get it. Its worth the few gigs. Its a game you could easily sink many hours into. No pay to win feature either, almost every item you can get from drops in chests, and they dont improve gameplay anyway! This is a true, one of a kind example of how a beta or FTP game should be.9/10-1 because bombking exists..."
,Recommended,444090,29764910,Posted: 7 February,all,TychoLoke,It looks good!
,Recommended,444090,29770049,Posted: 7 February,all,sDq_Alex.es,It s good
,Recommended,444090,29770720,Posted: 7 February,all,NachtkindFX,Fun and fast shooter!
76561198212849852,Recommended,444090,29773297,Posted: 7 February,all,SoundCloud rapper #325,fix you're ♥♥♥♥ing xp syesyem i played 3 matches and got nothing (i was not playing bots)
76561198126580476,Recommended,444090,29773759,Posted: 7 February,all,Big Double R,"The dwarf man Barik says ""YEET"" when he jumps, I couldn't ask for anything better.10/10"
76561198316122689,Recommended,444090,29774015,Posted: 7 February,all,H-manFTW,Overwatch for the poor I didn't like it but I can definetly see it's appeal.
76561198081122582,Recommended,444090,29822459,Posted: 10 February,all,CASSCADE,"Ok now get ready for an honest review ,THIS game is absolutely BEAUTIFUL alright and because I cant do any better ( or even close ) i shouldnt be hating this game but remember , this is constructive criticism .NOW on with the review ...........................An amazing game amongst my favourite  ,  due toPros:1.decent eye-candy .2.amazing gameplay mechanics .3.wonderful character design ( especially cassie's old design *wink-wink* *nudge-nudge* ).4.killer weapons .5.amazing special moves.6.satisfactory balancing ( i will get back to that in the cons )7.for once support class can actually KILL ..Cons:1.BALANCE : now certain characters such as Viktor are OP simply because they barely lack in anything ie. they have high hit points good ammo high damage and decent speed but characters like the tree guy ( i forgot his name LOL ) are basically useless but most characters specially starter available character let you hold your own in battle .2.Card system : personally i think the card system steers this game away from the competetive market mainly because your card setup can basically ( in some situations ) mean life or death which steers it away from the competetive market .3.level lock : the competetive plays requirements are slightly lucrative ........... ie . you need to play the game a pretty decent amount to unlock competetive . which is a con .yes ( it is )."
76561198305439105,Recommended,444090,29634447,Posted: 1 February,all,NAVI.DENDI.G2A,NIce
76561198008955058,Recommended,444090,29635433,Posted: 1 February,all,Vooshi,"It's a great game, I really do enjoy all the cards that help develop a character to fit your own playstyle. + it's free. why not? ;o"
76561198280839827,Recommended,444090,29621963,Posted: 31 January,all,Jul 'Mdama,"Really cool, some people might think it is a COPY of OverWatch, but in my eyes its BETTER than OverWatch. Its constantly getting new characters unlike overwatch. which is really cool so there is a lot of varaty of characters. YOu will have a BLAST playing this game. If you cant afford overwatch, get ths game."
,Recommended,444090,29619301,Posted: 31 January,all,LowSpecGamer101,super fun
76561198325523936,Recommended,444090,29619562,Posted: 31 January,all,Gandhi,"GET THIS GAME (But first read the negatives of this game)!Matchmaking=Broken.Nearly every competitive game I play I am matched with and against pure noobs (Even though I am at 4900 comp rating). The matchmaking is broken based on my experience because I carry every game I am in, but then you get ""those games"" which I will explain in the next part of this review.(The Worst Part)I don't think people in this game understand that %50 of the match is choosing your team, so your team will first pick Skye and VIktor, and then you're forced to play tank or support. The sad thing is that the players that play damage don't do damage, so please either get good or quit. I'm not saying this is a bad game, it's in beta so you can't judge too hard, but there are more important things to fix rather than adding more damage champions, encouraging more bad team comps.Overall this game is very fun, and I'm addicted and don't plan on quitting anytime soon. It's free, give it a shot."
76561198145887468,Recommended,444090,29617849,Posted: 31 January,all,Rermet,"Okay this game is more than incredible, its a copy paste out of overwatch, its honestly savage"
76561198157058341,Not Recommended,444090,29619907,Posted: 31 January,all,The_Nemesis,I hate it when the game logs you out right in the middle of a match and also at random other times. it is very annoying but overall i like the game very much and enjoy the game play if you like being loged out randomly this game is for you.
,Recommended,444090,29614997,Posted: 31 January,all,Gole Devojke,NIcee!
,Recommended,444090,29617769,Posted: 31 January,all,Hades,Great game
,Recommended,444090,29617838,Posted: 31 January,all,OmegaNine,"As far as Overwatch clones go this is a pretty good one.  Its early access so you have to kind of cut it some slack for the polish not being on it yet.  I feel like maybe they are asking for money too soon though.Only one map, the paid RNG effects the outcome of games (if you buy chests and get good cards it will affect your in game stats) and there is nothing to tell you what the hell anything does.  I ended up having to alt tab between the game and a wiki to find out my abilities on the fly.  That coupled with the fact either no one spoke English or spoke at all made it frustrating.All that being said, the game play is solid and tight.  Shots feel like they are landing and missing when they should, lag is at a minimum and abilities feel well thought out. The diversity between these heros and the ones in other games is enough to give it a place next to them.I am guessing the ballance system starts you out at 0; after playing overwatch for a few months I feel like I was playing with slow motion bots.  I guess that is better than starting you out as a pro and getting your face smashed in to the ground when you start.  But in my 5th game I was still consistently getting 10-15 kill streaks.I would guess the game is 85% there.  A few more maps, maybe different game modes and an in game system to let you see what your skills do is all that is really see missing.  Worth the price of free for sure, maybe even the 20 bucks they are asking for ""all heroes"".The only real down side I see if that it can’t ever truly be competitive when RNG drops determine your stats.  I am guessing as people collect cards and the playing fields are evened out they will introduce new ones for us to buy."
,Recommended,444090,29618016,Posted: 31 January,all,SS FON TRAB,great game
76561198306272816,Recommended,444090,29618212,Posted: 31 January,all,TÖXÎÇ,"You may think this is Overwatch, but, this is so much more different when it comes to characxters and just how to play as a team. I really like the game."
,Recommended,444090,29620730,Posted: 31 January,all,niceguyplzdontfriendzone1,loved it boi
76561198218124223,Recommended,444090,29620991,Posted: 31 January,all,MRJ3FF,loved the game
76561198185437367,Recommended,444090,29624850,Posted: 1 February,all,ŦÚĹĹМĔŤÁĹ ŔĔQÚĨĔМ,I had a friend introduce me to this game. After a bad experience with another of this type of game I was a little hesitate but decieded to give it a try. I am so glad I did as the game play was alot of fun to learn. For someone like me who is a casual player and are slow to learn a champion I found Paladins to be a refreshing change. It will take time to master them but with the information available and the shooting range you will get a very good head start. I had no framerate drops and no kick outs of the game which allowed me to relax and enjoy.I highly recommend this game and I am so grateful to my friend for introducing it to me.Overall a delightful game with lots of potiental which I look forward to see unfolding over time.
76561198353192727,Recommended,444090,29624991,Posted: 1 February,all,jackinlove,The best
,Recommended,444090,29625104,Posted: 1 February,all,[NN$] LonelY12 | Mouse is Broken,Iam a simple man ... I want to play OW i did not have money .. I Play Paladins
,Recommended,444090,29588302,Posted: 30 January,all,One dabs,fUN GAME
76561198026790236,Recommended,444090,29588582,Posted: 30 January,all,seteam91,Love it!
,Recommended,444090,29591298,Posted: 30 January,all,sappyash,Pretty good for a cheap overwatch knockoff. It's easy to learn and gives me the satisfaction of shooting people. 10/10 did what it's supposed to.
,Recommended,444090,29861727,Posted: 11 February,all,SLG | Danielcheese500,"This game is amazing!!! As you can see i have played....many,manymany,many, hours , and even then the gameplay is still refreshing each time you play the only issue is that many of the champions are still quite buggy. Many people have said that this is a overwatch knock off but honestly this game has been out long before overwatch in a closed alpha( which i played in as well).Pros-great gameplay-fun-refreshing approach to a online first person shooter-having a different champion actually impacts how the match will play out-teamwork is paramount( one person cant carry the team)Cons-still a bit buggy-only three gamemodes(bring back the battle royal from the alpha pls!!!)"
76561198068893064,Recommended,444090,29866807,Posted: 11 February,all,Jackmrtn,yessir
76561198313540868,Recommended,444090,29867310,Posted: 12 February,all,Tzuyu | TradeSkinsFast.com,"I don't know what to say..... only got 7 hours record, but i think this game is actually fun. I know its still in beta (kind of) but it needs more heroes. And maybe unlock all of them to make it fair.Thats all i gotta say. But definitely recommended"
,Recommended,444090,29869199,Posted: 12 February,all,[]SIDDY[],FAIR GAME 10/10
,Recommended,444090,29869388,Posted: 12 February,all,Regele Sebastian,Fabulastic!
,Recommended,444090,29869446,Posted: 12 February,all,Rezervex,nice
76561198158217949,Recommended,444090,29869573,Posted: 12 February,all,FirstEquinox,Great game . Really fun but all projectile heroes except drogoz need nerfing.
,Recommended,444090,29867453,Posted: 12 February,all,The Cleaner,Great Game
76561198148980269,Recommended,444090,29866217,Posted: 11 February,all,FG zombie 42,love this game!!
76561198067954957,Recommended,444090,29867622,Posted: 12 February,all,dipdip,Really nice !!!
,Recommended,444090,29867731,Posted: 12 February,all,SaltySkrub,11/10 would overwatch again
76561198273752918,Recommended,444090,29867846,Posted: 12 February,all,areyes2048,"Absolutely love this game. 100% would recommend, unless this becomes pay to win. Hope this game has a long lifetime."
,Recommended,444090,29850991,Posted: 11 February,all,ShikariLALA,"Great Game, but needs a powerfull server as it crashes often...! apart these, awesome game. Actually I am addicted to it!"
76561198249410434,Recommended,444090,29849332,Posted: 11 February,all,GerybOi,Free overwatch! :D Nice :D
76561198283176871,Recommended,444090,29865390,Posted: 11 February,all,steak me amadeus101,its very fun!!!
,Recommended,444090,29785275,Posted: 8 February,all,addex,Just awesome!
76561198032258500,Recommended,444090,29785989,Posted: 8 February,all,thanny,a game that relax u after u play h1z1 king of the bug:)
76561198322848315,Recommended,444090,29784985,Posted: 8 February,all,imShadowReaper,Make Paladins great again!..wait you guys already did that..
76561198101996709,Recommended,444090,29786212,Posted: 8 February,all,Cat.,"OverWatch wanna be, but hey, that looks pretty good!"
,Recommended,444090,29786455,Posted: 8 February,all,Mitowski,Can't w8 this game to be realeased. JUST ADD CHAT IN RANKED VISIBLE not in window because sometimes can't see what other players want to play. Game is excellent. You have to add rewards at the end season
76561198216395199,Recommended,444090,29940783,Posted: 15 February,all,Count Doom,"i know this game like free overwatch, but overwatch is not in steam. so this is it."
,Recommended,444090,29941032,Posted: 15 February,all,Viiny,gud :D
,Recommended,444090,29928631,Posted: 14 February,all,BB-8,awesome and fun to play!
,Recommended,444090,29461070,Posted: 24 January,all,Jertsuuh,This game is good F2P but there is so much hackers...but yeah game is nice but hackers sucks....
,Recommended,444090,29942740,Posted: 15 February,all,玩不了啦！,Poor Man's Overwatch . 10/10
76561198106430318,Recommended,444090,29942807,Posted: 15 February,all,Purple_Haze,Nice game
76561198365550194,Recommended,444090,29884626,Posted: 12 February,all,marioahv7,good
76561198208635884,Recommended,444090,29697420,Posted: 4 February,all,Zergisan,"The game is full of lags and bugs, and server is very often offline. Game is great and everything but you don't get much time playing it cause of all the problems they are having. I hope in near future they will fix it cause this is  very annoying."
,Recommended,444090,29697491,Posted: 4 February,all,ceoadlw,A very enjoyable shooter. Really fun to play with friends.
,Recommended,444090,29697922,Posted: 4 February,all,Sokoma,"Although this game lacks an in-game voice chat which could really be helpful, because who wants to memorize stuff like VVGO to say ""oops""? It's still open-beta so hopefully it'll come sooner or later, but it is definately something that the game needs, just to improve the community just a little bit. Not that the community is bad right now, it's just I think there should be a little more communication between players.I know they're probably not going to do this because so far the game is *mostly* PG-T, so it could be you would have to join a specific Voice-Chat que to, well, play with other people who have mics, and a non-voice chat for those who parents don't want them to talk to 'strangers' on the interwebs."
,Recommended,444090,29687951,Posted: 4 February,all,Wyss,hoomagawd
76561198297304397,Recommended,444090,29694028,Posted: 4 February,all,Maxpicious | TF2 Amino,Great game cant wait for a new champ
,Recommended,444090,29696389,Posted: 4 February,all,OutdatedVodka©™,"Cheap overwatch!!! Game is in early access but it will get better for sure. I didnt occur any bugs or frame drops. I like paladin heroes and their abilities. Game is really fun and i dont see any negative sides yet. Will update this small review when i get more experience in game. If you dont have money for Overwatch or you just dont want to pay for a game to have fun, stick with this you wont regret :D Last i want to mention this game is having huge potential and i hope devs wont ♥♥♥♥ up.Cheers!"
76561198129833933,Recommended,444090,29696405,Posted: 4 February,all,☯Dmrlk☯ hellcase.com,very good
76561198361932296,Recommended,444090,29694197,Posted: 4 February,all,♛Süleyman♛,Awesome!:) (really smooth which make it more fun:)
,Recommended,444090,29694568,Posted: 4 February,all,Floofmister,eetz good
,Recommended,444090,29691458,Posted: 4 February,all,Akashi_.,decent game
,Not Recommended,444090,29686169,Posted: 3 February,all,A Baby With Aids,"This is a rage review.Until I have another good round without the servers dropping (which does happen often I warn you), I will not recommend this. Bye."
76561198331833572,Recommended,444090,29690207,Posted: 4 February,all,wise.v.r.c.,"Deserves the overwatch clone tag, but some of its champions are honestly better and with zero p2w you can't go wrong with it."
,Recommended,444090,29692073,Posted: 4 February,all,Jakrd-____0,*-*
76561198342879798,Recommended,444090,29692357,Posted: 4 February,all,Nanobot,cool game
,Recommended,444090,29689486,Posted: 4 February,all,ADKL,"""IT's like overwatch"" well they both look like TF2so far the comunity sound like a chill bunch ,as in no 15 year old yelling in your ear++cash shop in only cosmetics"
76561198327544114,Recommended,444090,29519714,Posted: 27 January,all,Deku,I like this game................. Because of YING...
76561198152842365,Recommended,444090,29519761,Posted: 27 January,all,MasterTTF,like
76561198262406462,Recommended,444090,29520165,Posted: 27 January,all,Skintrades.com,This game is really fun I would high recommend this game to any that enjoys fps style games.
,Recommended,444090,29518454,Posted: 27 January,all,Kiwiman599,"""Overwatch for free"",  Sign me up!"
76561198079262753,Recommended,444090,29518495,Posted: 27 January,all,Fairy Tail,Nice game
76561198203194399,Recommended,444090,29517283,Posted: 27 January,all,BeshoRaise,Nice :D
,Recommended,444090,29517397,Posted: 27 January,all,KoyoKoyo,GG
,Recommended,444090,29517586,Posted: 27 January,all,FatHapHap,can't wait for another new champion and paladin not beta again 👍
,Recommended,444090,29505287,Posted: 26 January,all,Arguon,fun fast pace first person shooter
76561198031330350,Recommended,444090,29835074,Posted: 10 February,all,Eumaios,"Very fun. Satisfying gunplay and interesting moba-like stategy. Not too twitchy and the community is nice. Noobs are a bigger problem than trolls, which is a good thing. The aesthetic is fun, too."
76561198240159712,Recommended,444090,29836053,Posted: 10 February,all,ruffix,Playable
76561198353801649,Recommended,444090,29836290,Posted: 10 February,all,YaBoiCrispyCreams,This is just a rip off of OVERWATCH tbh. Kind of dissapointing. Waited a while for it to download but just a rip off game hopefully in future updates this game will make new uniuqe charactars. I still like the game a tiny bit though. But if you like OVERWATCH but you cant buy it heres a FREE version to test out some abilities of the charactars!
76561198122738776,Recommended,444090,29836318,Posted: 10 February,all,maddogcannon,Great game! It's fun and has many differnt fighting styles! hope you think so too!
76561198187698871,Recommended,444090,29836324,Posted: 10 February,all,Jinxzzz,pretty dank
76561198043857335,Recommended,444090,29836648,Posted: 10 February,all,sup3rskrull,Well this game gives you the Overwatch feel because it has the same formula and somewhat identical characters. The biggest factor here is that this game is free and you can spend time playing it because it's fun. This game will make you come back to play it more.
76561198343310353,Not Recommended,444090,29836859,Posted: 10 February,all,THE COOLEST GUY AROUND,"not saying this was a bad game, and it did use to be a really fun. The problem is that now there are more and more major updates, it as a resullt, it crashes and lags SUPER HARD!!! If you have a good gaming computer this comment is invalid fo you, but if you use a laptop for gaming... well u get y did not recommened it.lots' of speling Erorrs in heare probablee. :)"
,Recommended,444090,29840114,Posted: 10 February,all,★S.I.L14KriTZoN★,Good game but the proble im having is the anti cheat thing wont let me playim not hackingits just that when i start the game it shows error with th anti cheat thing so pleas help me fix this :<
76561198124905752,Recommended,444090,29784765,Posted: 8 February,all,Leafa,great game
,Not Recommended,444090,29884277,Posted: 12 February,all,I_bugatti,♥♥♥♥♥♥ overwatch
76561198114218134,Recommended,444090,29884355,Posted: 12 February,all,ObsidianPwna,AWESOME GAME 10/10!im just doing this for the free gift ;)
,Recommended,444090,29884366,Posted: 12 February,all,This is Inactive,awesome game
76561198051685015,Recommended,444090,29884454,Posted: 12 February,all,Kyle the Banana,"If you want free Overwatch/Battleborn, definitely get it you will get everything you want out of. I can see how some find it fun, but I personally do not think I will play it much unless with freinds. Primarily because of its infuriatingly unbalanced characters, bad hit registration, and stupid bugs that freeze your game or prevent you from playing. Either that stuff or I am just trash. Maybe a little bit of everything. But hey, it is still in beta meaning there are still a lot of changes to be made, so lets see how it goes. Download and try for yourself."
,Recommended,444090,29884498,Posted: 12 February,all,Pizza csgopositive.com,Hey Guys SpikeZer0 here! Id like to say this is an awesome game for a free to play! I dont see this as a pay2win which is awesome! The champions are really fun to use with diverse gameplay styles for each of the characters. The developers are comming out with frequent updates and seem to be working on making this game a good game.Pros- Funnot pay to winDiverse gameplayGood patchesCons- Having to pay to unlock the characters  But you can farm for weeks of daily logins and get that character.Competive takes a long time to get to into you have to have a certain amount of champions just to get into it and you have to have so many characters up to a certain level which can take time
,Recommended,444090,29728476,Posted: 5 February,all,Guy Fieri's Fiery Guy Fury,"Paladins is a good game. Its not as good as Overwatch, but for free its definitly worth giving a try.ProsFun, quick gamesLots of customization optionsNot pay to win, you pay for skins and things like thatQuick learning curveConsThe account setup is annoying and barely worksBasically Overwatch"
,Recommended,444090,29728910,Posted: 5 February,all,Mr. Computer Games,"Fantastic game, lots of fun. Apparently a lot like Overwatch, but I've never played. You can't switch heros midmatch, and there's item purchasing during matches, as well as ability modifying loadouts that you can adjust to tweak characters. Well polished game."
76561198168307887,Recommended,444090,29727193,Posted: 5 February,all,doctor dank,"i love the somewhat like overwatch vibe but it also has its own touch, its nice, also i play it whenever i can lol"
76561198340698012,Not Recommended,444090,29727270,Posted: 5 February,all,averjoel1,♥♥♥♥♥game
,Recommended,444090,29859169,Posted: 11 February,all,LEMME SMASH,good overwatch clone
,Recommended,444090,29857073,Posted: 11 February,all,🌞SummarWalter🌞#Heat🌞,"Hey, that's pretty good!"
76561198056652581,Recommended,444090,29844152,Posted: 11 February,all,Atethatfrog,"Are you kidding me THIS IS A FREE 2 PLAY, ITS THE BEST GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED OMGGGGGGG"
76561198349433762,Recommended,444090,29844171,Posted: 11 February,all,souless sword,fun game with loads of choices. Next best game if you want overwatch.
76561198283469268,Recommended,444090,29844158,Posted: 11 February,all,⭐Division93⭐,Всем советую!
76561198350759490,Recommended,444090,29844345,Posted: 11 February,all,its yo boiiii,guddddddd
76561198143086873,Recommended,444090,29845837,Posted: 11 February,all,5zym0n,"Great game. Hours of fun! Possibly the best free Overwatch alternative. Many awesome characters to choose from and several cool abilities and skins for weapons, etc. Really do reccomend this game to anyone looking for a fun, free FPS team based game."
,Recommended,444090,29845131,Posted: 11 February,all,CSGOFade.Net,Good game tho
,Recommended,444090,29821170,Posted: 10 February,all,Neptune☆Purple Heart☆,"It's a great game to play if u can't afford to buy overwatch,i love it!"
76561198127035306,Recommended,444090,29847616,Posted: 11 February,all,smokewood4dayzzzz,Its a fun gameI cant wait when the game is complete
,Recommended,444090,29840559,Posted: 10 February,all,<neversoft01>Uchiha Obito,HOOOOWEEEEEEEEEEE!!!
76561198297659668,Recommended,444090,29841151,Posted: 10 February,all,Colchester,Invert mouse ???
,Recommended,444090,29852528,Posted: 11 February,all,大小_SiziY_鸠色,NICE
76561198194883146,Recommended,444090,29854605,Posted: 11 February,all,D3adlytitan,I LOVE this game it is so fun playing on your own or with freinds sooo good i recomend it
,Recommended,444090,29838386,Posted: 10 February,all,bvndfjhtfdjgcf,"PaladinsThis game is just insanely fun. So far I've only spent 5 hours and these are my pros & cons.Pros+ Free to play.+ High performance, lower end PCs should be able to run this game.+ Buying new heros with in game currency is reasonable and doesn't require microtransactions.+ Super fast queue time.Cons- Not enough maps.- Bit hard to understand the gamemodes at first."
76561198179714675,Not Recommended,444090,29838530,Posted: 10 February,all,Meme Lord Kolb,It's  Mixed.
76561198320972479,Recommended,444090,29838585,Posted: 10 February,all,Quak3,This is a great game yet there are some things that I would like to see. I would just like to see the classes a little more balanced. I also think that you should find some way to make the game more challenging because at times this game can be too easy.
,Recommended,444090,29483647,Posted: 25 January,all,Wildcko,"Nice game, but still have many bugs and crash"
,Recommended,444090,29483972,Posted: 25 January,all,AzzyLyn,I love this
76561198239084432,Not Recommended,444090,29475063,Posted: 24 January,all,PSYCHOPRATA,Bosta lixo horrivel
76561198302205764,Recommended,444090,29478981,Posted: 25 January,all,Jaydoxx,Alot of fun. Easy game.
,Recommended,444090,29477788,Posted: 24 January,all,sNake,Ainx mao pro biar kaya arap
76561198201646257,Recommended,444090,29497106,Posted: 25 January,all,ExUltra,Cash me outside how bout dah.
76561198143029772,Recommended,444090,29498332,Posted: 26 January,all,AkkYleX,"The game in itself is praise-worthy. Graphic style is eyecandy and the textures are very pleasing. I really enjoy the developer's team enthusiasm and I can't wait to see what will they come up wit next. Also, they finally took out agression, so yay :))"
,Recommended,444090,29433995,Posted: 22 January,all,Nano,dis dug gaem.
,Recommended,444090,29953999,Posted: 15 February,all,OceGod,"ive only played 2 hours,but thats good enough to say that this game is great!very similar or bassicly a copy of overwatch but free.it aint a bad copy of overwatch though,the leveling up the caracters is great and overall gives you satisfaction.i prefer to play with english speaking player and this game is perfect for that!you can change the region of where you want to find servers at,its great!one thing though is i dont know if you can use a mic in this game because i havent heard anyone talk in game yet so if you cant i might change my idea of this being a good game,any i will update my review if there is no mic.but overall its a great game!tons of potencial in this!"
,Recommended,444090,29954313,Posted: 15 February,all,DrNeqro,amazing
,Not Recommended,444090,29962086,Posted: 16 February,all,are u ready for miracle?,Это игра не интересна потомучто тут есть люди которые делают баги и пикают 5 одинаковых героев #FIXPALADINS
,Recommended,444090,29962128,Posted: 16 February,all,Mai neim iz Jeff,"lol""_"""
,Recommended,444090,29962475,Posted: 16 February,all,Sneaky Me,8/10Good GameVery entertaining :)Most interesting is its not Pay to win you can win without spending single money on this game :)
,Recommended,444090,29959187,Posted: 16 February,all,Reeneetje,"Great possibilities for a FPS, lots of different playing styles which also challenges you to try to fulfill different roles in the team. As a beginning FPS player, I enjoy this game a lot and it has helped me to improve greatly. It is also great for more experienced players, with the Competitive mode. I love it!"
,Recommended,444090,29959327,Posted: 16 February,all,JugginVice[c*L],амазинг
76561198351621115,Recommended,444090,29959433,Posted: 16 February,all,MjMaNm,gers zaids
76561198001035184,Not Recommended,444090,29409175,Posted: 21 January,all,「Cu」 BLUE,"Had difficulties login inAfter several hours, you're able to finally play the gameFirst game: aimbot userwhen you uninstall, the hi-rez launcher stays up (still in your HDD) and will slow down your computer performances until you remove it by handdon't bother, it could be a chinese knock-off of a certain famous video game of the same genre, it would actually be better"
,Recommended,444090,29421318,Posted: 22 January,all,TurboJay,"Because its a direct copy of overwatch, one of my favorite games, its hard to find to many faults with this one. I only wish we could melee and it had better music. Awesome for a free game, really one of the best."
76561198145631786,Recommended,444090,29403329,Posted: 21 January,all,SoloRizing,nice
76561198334855871,Recommended,444090,29403415,Posted: 21 January,all,cristiantafur21,good
,Recommended,444090,29403499,Posted: 21 January,all,BlaZt3r,A great competitive game.
76561198043976715,Recommended,444090,29403522,Posted: 21 January,all,Gothic_Anjo,Game is decent but the only issue is they bother buffing and nerfing classes instead of fixing these stupid hit boxes!you'd probably die 9/10 times due to hit boxes being stupidly big. The other issues is what every game has...buffing characters that are already op etc and bringing in duplicate verisons of a characters with just a few different skills (but same damage buff) Example: Victor & Tyra
76561198119117626,Recommended,444090,29403812,Posted: 21 January,all,★ KenzσR ツ,Nais
76561198287753523,Recommended,444090,29403854,Posted: 21 January,all,gM 웃,I Love Paladins <3
,Recommended,444090,29403931,Posted: 21 January,all,Angie Liz,Free and fun :3
,Recommended,444090,29406536,Posted: 21 January,all,alexnaz5,"This game is very fun and very addictive. It is very much like Overwatch, and I love it. My only complaint is that you have to stay as the same character the whole round, but all in all, it is a very fun game."
,Recommended,444090,29406700,Posted: 21 January,all,Cocky Banana Wanna-be,"Great game, despite it being free its still as good as similiar games like TF2 or even Overwatch! I love the customization with cards and the unique characters.....I just wish ther was more lore."
,Recommended,444090,29408847,Posted: 21 January,all,XzS,great game <3
76561198151019394,Recommended,444090,29409603,Posted: 21 January,all,biskuit kong guan,great game indeed
,Recommended,444090,29409976,Posted: 21 January,all,Acorn Porn,"Amazing game, can't get enough of it"
76561198330991831,Recommended,444090,29950615,Posted: 15 February,all,wafel CSGOatse.com OPENSKINS.COM,WARRY GOOD GAME
76561198130265176,Not Recommended,444090,29950631,Posted: 15 February,all,Leplivo,NOPE. the game is broken way too much
,Recommended,444090,29950944,Posted: 15 February,all,G2 Ice ScreaM,......
,Recommended,444090,29949835,Posted: 15 February,all,xesty,"Amazing game, and it's free! Crisp pvp, great graphics. Literally better than Overwatch.They still need to work on this game and there are some balancing and minor hitscan/hitreg issues, but the overall experience is extremely fun especially when you play with a team."
76561198150246719,Recommended,444090,29982581,Posted: 17 February,all,Ace Ventura: Pet Deleter,Great game to play with my priest : )
,Recommended,444090,29983541,Posted: 17 February,all,SulitYa,good game!
,Recommended,444090,29983821,Posted: 17 February,all,SH4rK,good game but need some fix
76561198262728330,Recommended,444090,29985718,Posted: 17 February,all,♠ Unknown™,i didn't knew this  game is that good.i played 1 hour and i already know this is awesome ^^
76561198125955741,Recommended,444090,29618584,Posted: 31 January,all,Dragon&Phoenix JAILBAIT MILK,great game
76561198147394462,Recommended,444090,30126969,Posted: 23 February,all,Just A Sad Potato,Is good so far
76561198183644299,Recommended,444090,30130456,Posted: 23 February,all,dartymissile,it says version mis match. How do I fix this. I tried closing steam and deleting it and redown loading it. Plz help
76561198330291625,Not Recommended,444090,30130522,Posted: 23 February,all,J'aime tuer,OB44 dun goofed ruined game is now pay 2 win
,Recommended,444090,30130728,Posted: 23 February,all,Smart.Fruit,need linux version
76561198067463382,Recommended,444090,30131129,Posted: 23 February,all,15 miles on the Erie Canal,"I've never written a review for a game, but I love this game a lot and recently it's been getting a lot of hate due to the latest patch OB44. But don't be scared by those reviews, most of it is knee jerk reaction. Paladins is still a great game and shows no signs of slowing down. I'll break it down by point.WHAT IS PALADINS?A team based shooter where you choose one of four roles, frontline, flank, damage, support.  Frontlines are your tank/off-tank class with flankers being the assassins of the game. High damage, low health, very mobile. Some characters blur those lines, but most fit into those catagories.ISN'T IT JUST POOR MANS OVERWATCH?Calling paladins an overwatch rip off is like calling Smite a Dota rip off/copy. Same genre, some simarities, but completely different animals. Here's a few reasons why I prefer Paldins to OW.1 YOU CHARACTER IS YOURS. In OW you get a character, their skills and you're on your way. Simple and sweet. But if you're looking for something with a bit more substance, paladins has what you're looking for and then some. Paladins has a load out system in which you pick and level cards. Don't worry, you don't need to grind to level up cards. what these cards due is they let you custom tailor any hero in the game to suit your play style or preference.Imagine if in OW you can give reinheart a shield with extra health, a shorter cooldown and give you xtra health?Or if you want to play a more aggressive reinhart, you can instead have your charge be faster, reduced CD on elimination and give you a speed buff after use?  Or instead of that, increase the damage of your projectile etc.You can make your character how you want to. And if you're not sure what cards to give a character, no problem. You can go to leader boards, see what top dogs are using and copy their load out for your own. Provided you have the cards of course. And with the legendaries that just came out it allows you to do that further. As a side note, legendaries are actually very balanced.  When picking one legendary it's not a straight up buff that lets one character dominate over the competition.2 VERY GENEROUS DEVS THAT RESPOND TO FEEDBACK.  Hi-rez are very generous with their cosmetics and items. You can get gems (think riot points from League) for free every week through log in bonuses and once ina  while some through weekly quests they have.  They also often times have double gold/exp events and will even have events that give away free gems. You can also get gems by linking your account to twitch and watching their stream. Or leaving it on whilee you do something else.Their responses to feedback have been on point.  Nearly very complaint people have at one point they immediately address in their next patch preview or the one after with a solution. Even with he talk going around of grinding and pricing. Hi-rez reduced the cost of in game items to satisfy the player base.3 YOU CAN ADAPT TO THE ENEMYin addition to the card load outs and legendaris, you can get perks in game each with three tiers that you buy with credits earned in game. What this means you can cover your weaknesses or enhance your strengths as needed. In OW if there was a character giving you trouble, say reinhart and winston and zarya shield stacking, you had to switch to a counter character. And if you were at 80% ult charge you can kiss that good bye. Or if they have a mercy and a lucio keeping their team alive you had better hope to be able to get to them and kill them. Otherwise you'll never kill anybody or break into that point.In Paladins you can buy the perk that lets you do extra damage to shields while another team mate buys the perk that reduces the amount of healing an enemy gets when hit with a basic attack. Or if you're an assassin, you can take the perk that gives you health after every kill. Or be more mobile by taking the one that makes you move faster.  Even tanks can get in on the action with perks that reduce blast damage or CC effects.there's more to mention about the differences, but those are the three big ones that stand out to me.ISN'T THERE A GRIND?Hardly. Characters are unlocked in game with gold and currently cards are gotten through chests or crafted with essense. To unlock competitive mmode you need 12 characters at level 4.  Sounds bad, but people ahve bee able to unlock comp in less than a day.  All the while recieving chests (think loot boxes from OW) from account leveling, and recently made it so you get a chests from level characters 1-4 and 10. You'll be drowning in chests and getting goodies a lot faster than you would think.DOES IT LOOK GOOD?That is one department where OW beats the competition, especially when ti comes to polishing looks to a mirror shine. Paladins may not be as shiney as other games, but what designs and little details there are still lets paladins stand on it;s own two strong legs.  From unlocking voices for characters and giving special skins their own unique voice overs, to little animations on certain characters makes them seem alive. You can really see the detail they put into the characters and know that they weren't just cranked out in an afternoon of planning. The game can run on pretty much any system you can throw at it and be stable doing so.SHOULD I PLAY THIS GAME?It's free, it's fun and you have nothing to lose. So if you played Overwatch or TF2 or the like and are getting tired of those. Or you're looking for something more substancial and the depth to make something yours. Or even just a little curious to see what all the fuss is about. Paladins is the game for you. However it is still in beta, so somethings may be a tad wonky and some features may be absent for now. But it's has seriously smoothed out from what it once was and can still offer tense games."
,Not Recommended,444090,29950897,Posted: 15 February,all,ANTISOCIAL FINCH,"Edit for OB44 update.Hi-Rez added a third currency, the only purpose of which was clearly a cash grab. They shipped the update with severe bugs, didn't deliver on some promises, and overall killed community confidence. Was fun while it lasted. I'll check it out in a few months but for now I'm looking at Overwatch.---Great game. People call it an Overwatch clone, and while Overwatch and this game do share a few common traits keep in mind most of those traits existed in past games. Specifically, games made by Hi-Rez studios. Global Agenda and Tribes: Ascend are game Hi-Rez has made in the past and a lot of the inspiration for this game came from those games, not from Overwatch. Overwatch and Paladins were also released fairly close to each other so obviously Hi-Rez couldn't have made a clone in 4 months. Paladins was in development for 4 years before it was released.Anyway, now that I got that out of the way. This game is great. Mechanics are smooth, and even though it's in beta the balance feels nice. Maeve is a new champion and while she feels a little overpowered at the moment it's important to keep in mind she is new so there needs to be an adjustment period.Game Modes: I do wish there were more gamemodes. There are only two at the moment. A pure payload gamemode and a KOTH/Payload hybrid. A pure KOTH or control point gamemode would be awesome. But the two gamemodes with the sizable amount of maps makes it so that most matches are completely different.Champions: Great roster of champions. They're all mostly balanced and have their strenghts and weaknesses that don't outshine another champions. Everyone has their place.Bugs: Haven't run into any yet but I don't have that many hours into it.Money/P2W-ability: There is no way to spend money and automatically be better than another player in this game. Spending money will only give you XP/Gold boosts, and get you cosmetics. You can spend real money to get ""cards"" (which are used to change how your champions abilities act) but the cards are already cheap enough that even playing games casually will net you enough gold for a full deck. Not to mention you are given a full deck for every character to start with. You use gold to also buy champions, which again can be bought with money too but they're also fairly realistically priced.Overall I give this game a solid 8.5/10. Excited to see where it goes."
76561198099196962,Recommended,444090,30056087,Posted: 20 February,all,Mr.WOOPER,it is such a fun game to play I give it a 10 out of 10  =)
76561198256334158,Recommended,444090,30056613,Posted: 20 February,all,The Steph Curry,http 302 error. how to fix it?
,Recommended,444090,30056810,Posted: 20 February,all,Shiro Kaguya,FANTASTIC GAMEPLAY ! NO NEED PAY ♥♥♥♥IN 2 WIN !
76561198330060831,Recommended,444090,30056985,Posted: 20 February,all,ShadowPhantom,"One of the best online games I've played online. They made sure people cannot ""hack"" this game, since they have an anti-cheat engine. I love the artwork and character designs in the game.The balances seems Great, but since this is a beta there is still some work. The voice overs of the characters, just adds to the feel and personality to the game."
,Recommended,444090,30057087,Posted: 20 February,all,iPR3DATOR,Nice
76561198125260898,Recommended,444090,29439729,Posted: 23 January,all,TigerFighter21,great game at first it will look and fell a lot like overwatch but after a few hours it will turn into a great all around game
,Recommended,444090,29436524,Posted: 22 January,all,-N0rth,Good Game
,Recommended,444090,29436664,Posted: 22 January,all,Monarkos,"game is honestly ez, play with snake dood dani boi."
76561198079904064,Recommended,444090,29526421,Posted: 27 January,all,DRT,"I am so enjoying this little title - will be happy to spend a few pounds on this - Fast and Smooth, well done!"
,Recommended,444090,29526557,Posted: 27 January,all,comPLex,good
76561198286565970,Recommended,444090,29527090,Posted: 27 January,all,Ranger Silver,I like this   :V
,Recommended,444090,29812598,Posted: 9 February,all,purplecharmanderz,i like the game does get me frustrated though when in pve everything can spam ultimates and has 5x the normal health and no skill cooldowns
,Recommended,444090,29822210,Posted: 10 February,all,Toby,"Game with huge potential, but optimalization and sounds issues are really bad."
,Recommended,444090,29826709,Posted: 10 February,all,Beer Samurai,The game awesome
,Recommended,444090,29823304,Posted: 10 February,all,bima710,dont have overwatch?have this
76561198140628964,Recommended,444090,29824270,Posted: 10 February,all,Andyamo,"This game is a decent FPS moba but it lacks a lot in terms of balance:-it experiences the same problems that Overwatch had; allowing duplicate heroes. this creates pretty unfun scenarios that break the game- some characters have disproportionate rate of fire and dps, specifically Ruckus. He also seems to have no damage fall off with range, which allows him to do too much damage at long range- Some characters don't do enough or are irrelevant- Hit boxes seem to be very inconsistent especially with headshots on moving targetsThe maps are generally too simple in their design and do not have well thought out flanking routes and choke pointsEvery character seems to have an escape ability of some kind, which makes the game a little less exciting and makes poking a more viable strategy than diving. This is not my personal pref but whatevsCharacters and their abilities are not described clearly enough or the description are not obvious enough.Overall, it isn't even close to Overwatch in terms of depth, balance or quality. it is an interesting iteration in the genre and worth a look as it is quite fun"
,Recommended,444090,29824952,Posted: 10 February,all,JokY,good game
,Recommended,444090,29825003,Posted: 10 February,all,Desperalaw,"A really nice F2P game to play with friends !It also has a competitive gameplay, not too hard to understand and each big update comes with a new champion.The champions are quite balanced and each one has its own playstyle, find the one that suits you !"
,Recommended,444090,29800110,Posted: 9 February,all,Player,nice game
76561197965042421,Recommended,444090,29805025,Posted: 9 February,all,Hairy Fist,"Excellent alternative to Overwatch. In fact, I'd say it's better. Guaranteed to be a monster of a game when it hits 1.0"
76561198271716865,Recommended,444090,29808042,Posted: 9 February,all,Fritoes,Great game
76561198059246616,Recommended,444090,29808410,Posted: 9 February,all,queen_nala20,"I think paladins is a great game with wonderful colors and fun chars with unique abilites, the only down side of this game is that it can have a bit of a toxic community. Other then that I would recommend it 100%."
76561198117338167,Recommended,444090,29870285,Posted: 12 February,all,Bertram Sohl caserandom.com,its a okay game but i think is a little bit of a copy of overwacth but ♥♥♥♥ that :DTHUMPS UO FOR ME    :D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D
,Not Recommended,444090,29838452,Posted: 10 February,all,Ajay Herrington,"Please note: This game is in beta and therefore my review will change through out the creation and advancement of this game.Pros:1) Free2) No real pay to win aspect, visual3) Medium variety of champs and more on the way4) Dev group seems to pay attention for the most part5) Kinda like OverWatch6) Not too bad of a grind for money7) You're able to earn special currency through quests8) Daily rewardsCons:1) So Unbalanced2) Not enough champs3) Cards reset ""Bug?""4) No team work, anymore5) Some people can't seem to log in6) No one seems to know what their doing/ Don't take advantage of the training7) Doesn't reward the losing team even if they did well8) Some things you can't unlock without paying for a chest9) Quests don't give as much special currency as others10) Buddy system is awkward11) Interface between friends and rewards glitches out12) New champs are faster than the others, have the same health, same damage, but much higher range13) Doesn't tell you the map you're playing on so you don't know what champ to pick14) Spam champs everywhere15) Not only unbalanced champs, but also unbalanced players16) Too easy ranking systems, people are gold but suck at this game17) Not many mapsI've been playing this for a while but never put many hours into it as you can see, got it right when it came out though, set everything up. Awhile ago the game was very balanced, people has 50:50 game chances based on the champions alone. Depending on your play style you can change the, ""Cards,"" of any certain champion; which altered the stats of that champion. Now with the large update, they took away and reset my cards, but I kept the ones I was currently using, a little tedious gridning coins to buy them back. People have complained that tanks were too powerful, which I belive some of them are, but some were changed so much that their beat in every fight. A traditional tank has alot of health, medium damage at medium range, and usually slow. Their is a champ called Fernando that can have alot of health, and has a sheild, that's about it. He has a flame thrower that has no range at all, and a decent cannon that takes four shots to kill someone but has a huge cooldown. He used to win 1v1's but now I can't win any. There's flying champs and alot of range types that out do all of the tanks because they are so limited, and I believe need a buff. Damage dealers have insane amounts of health, their basically the new tanks but they also do alo, alot of damage. Their support champions but no one every supports anymore like the old days. 2/10/17 At it's current state, it's not fun for me, seems broken but playable, so I cannot recommend this at this moment in time."
,Recommended,444090,29868338,Posted: 12 February,all,♥·٠●Akajebaka●٠·♥,i love this game <3 This game <3 <3 <3 Loffvki<3NyXx
76561198362307066,Recommended,444090,29868613,Posted: 12 February,all,saitama,great multiplayer game
,Recommended,444090,29863316,Posted: 11 February,all,Kalvin,A free version of Overwatch? Hell yea!
76561198304912934,Recommended,444090,29863364,Posted: 11 February,all,Nobody,It's a good game!
,Recommended,444090,29863484,Posted: 11 February,all,Jerzyslugga,Excellent Game with alot of room for improvement overall great balance and i always felt entertained
,Recommended,444090,29869936,Posted: 12 February,all,Mazlyn77,"I didn't think I would like this game at first, but as soon as I got into the game I was amazed by it. The graphics are nice, the gameplay is good and I like that I don't have to spend real money to unlock champions can use in game currency that you earn in game to unlock them. For a free game that is still in early access this game is worth trying out."
,Recommended,444090,29875014,Posted: 12 February,all,Black Jesus,"the ""champions"" are sure as hell not balanced, but good game"
76561198120983293,Recommended,444090,29875051,Posted: 12 February,all,malcolm123abc,Just amazing
,Recommended,444090,29870512,Posted: 12 February,all,nene,niceeee
,Recommended,444090,29900081,Posted: 13 February,all,"Master of Faster, Lord of Speed",It's a fun game to play with friends. A lot of the champions in these games are broken sometimes and some abilities really doesn't fit it's personality at all and feels more like they just rusehd them out but overall its a okay game
,Recommended,444090,29901543,Posted: 13 February,all,Calorific,Great Game! Skins are nice and more!
76561198326624604,Recommended,444090,29450309,Posted: 23 January,all,Oade,Pretty good and fun but it definitly needs balanceing in many areas.
76561198100029774,Recommended,444090,29450409,Posted: 23 January,all,FancyMoostach,"Team based fps similar to overwatch, fun and Free! Still in beta so things will change with constent updates. Definetly worth a try, ITS FREE!"
,Recommended,444090,29450724,Posted: 23 January,all,$lilgapple,something fun to play when you get fed up with h1z1 cancer
76561198347350036,Recommended,444090,29450916,Posted: 23 January,all,MatejaGrajic,Great game for jst beta i realy wan to see paladins in future!! 10/10
76561198156915967,Recommended,444090,29449266,Posted: 23 January,all,Kha9698bh,paladins it's a great game and it says overwatch for the masses and overwatch it's not for the 1% only
76561198309190476,Recommended,444090,29454990,Posted: 23 January,all,GenjiMain,"Paladins is a team based shooter like Team Fortress 2 and Overwatch. Even though this game shows many similarities to Overwatch, there are still many differences. Some heroes arent like the juggernaut's, and a card system to help enhance your hero's skill was implemented. Paladins is a fun game that i believe will be a huge succses when it leaves beta stage and enters retail stage."
76561198104774953,Recommended,444090,29483611,Posted: 25 January,all,MRex,Love it so far.
76561198269415899,Recommended,444090,29920182,Posted: 14 February,all,A[m]aZinG_BoY,Best game ever
,Recommended,444090,29920228,Posted: 14 February,all,✪Imm0rtal,good game
76561198278292076,Recommended,444090,29824441,Posted: 10 February,all,Anarchy,"A very very nice game,very good multiplayer system and its free i dont think more could be asked from a game"
,Recommended,444090,29921161,Posted: 14 February,all,Dritzsoz,Overwatch for people that have no money. Recommend It!
76561198243761886,Recommended,444090,29918379,Posted: 14 February,all,Srimaan,Sexy game
76561198289716329,Recommended,444090,29918414,Posted: 14 February,all,dorino baharson,good game just like overwatch but free
76561198120427032,Recommended,444090,29918585,Posted: 14 February,all,☢Atrocity,"Best game I have played in awhile, easy not to rage or tilt"
76561198219607245,Recommended,444090,29921852,Posted: 14 February,all,LynixNo | Cs.money,Veri fanni
76561198158782699,Recommended,444090,29922096,Posted: 14 February,all,nozomi nishiyama,"the game is great, the graphics quality and other stuff.Although, I'd recommend patches and other stuffs be downloaded through steam servers,this is because of the problem of the ""patcher updating"" that is stuck still at 5% and will turn to either 1-5% again or somewhere higher and go down once more, thus its not properly downloading therefore may cause a disturbance of having to re install the 4.9 gb game once more."
,Recommended,444090,29845112,Posted: 11 February,all,"I Leik Egg, n i Hate snek","I like Wieners, and this game has noneEhem, Its a gr8 game 1111111/10"
76561198338158773,Recommended,444090,29782972,Posted: 8 February,all,Mid one-,"paladins is a nice game,good strategy so i like it"
,Recommended,444090,30168209,Posted: 25 February,all,XsceletoX,imagine this......free overwatch with horses in da beginning and moba like skill upgrades in da beginning of a game
76561198007862013,Recommended,444090,30115920,Posted: 23 February,all,N.,"OB44 just killed the game.GG Hi Rezedit: Ok, they understood their mistakes. Legendaries are easier to obtain for new players now. No more infinite grinding. A bit less."
76561198285956573,Recommended,444090,30169288,Posted: 25 February,all,Ta[B]eX farmskins.com,omg
,Recommended,444090,30169394,Posted: 25 February,all,✮✪☬✪✮ skinhub.com,very nice game mostly if you dont wanna ''BUY'' overwatch this is a great alternative
,Recommended,444090,30168751,Posted: 25 February,all,SterTheDinosaur,Love this game it is very fun to play
76561198315718477,Recommended,444090,30168796,Posted: 25 February,all,xXLOLGAMESXx™,i Keep asking this if 9+10=21 then whats 10+9
,Recommended,444090,30168782,Posted: 25 February,all,Al3x Wolf,"Some people say that this is a Overwatch Rip-Off. Yes, it kinda is, but they have their own differences. But I would recommend you to play, because:+it has good graphics+skye itself :)+many champions that take refference from different games, movies etc.+even for low spec PCs / Laptops, it should be somewhere in the 30/60fps with medium settings.So it`s good. [From here, some spoilers may come, so you can hover with our mouse on them, but at your own risk]Here are the minuses:-bad anti-cheat-hitboxes are kinda off-champions need to be unlocked first (because its a free game, the champions cost. Take ""Overwatch"" for example, its a full priced game, with everything unlocked, once purchased, you can earn extra skins, cuz the heroes are already unlocked. Even tho, the crates cost too, and you pay much too, that could mean just that they want money, but ""Paladins"" has some premium DLCs, and every DLC unlocks every champion [for somewhere between 5$ and 15$ I think {even cheaper than overwatch}], so thats it!)So, in conclusion, if you dont have enough money to buy overwatch, get paladins and a DLC, if you dont have enough for a DLC, try getting the cheapest one, and if you are a F2P, just get it for free, I guess...that works too..."
76561198244938152,Not Recommended,444090,30136493,Posted: 24 February,all,Goose,discount overwatch
,Not Recommended,444090,30136623,Posted: 24 February,all,Midget,"Patch 44, rest in pieces Paladins"
76561198345051871,Recommended,444090,30136964,Posted: 24 February,all,Veljko,SO GOOOD GAME
,Recommended,444090,30137011,Posted: 24 February,all,JonteJumper,overwatch ripoff lol shoot me
,Recommended,444090,30137319,Posted: 24 February,all,SneakyVelkin,This Game is fun...You can do fun things i it...I RECOMMEND THIS GAME IT'S FOR FREE SO WHY DON'T U GIVE IT A TRY?AYY...?
76561198008596241,Recommended,444090,30153186,Posted: 24 February,all,Mannimarco,"Very good game. Its not a pay to win, some balancing issues with newly introduced champions, frustrating at times, can be extremely competitive."
,Recommended,444090,30150260,Posted: 24 February,all,Megabyte2500,Overwatch with horses.
,Not Recommended,444090,30137450,Posted: 24 February,all,Survious,Uninstalled...now P2W.
76561198250510526,Recommended,444090,30137512,Posted: 24 February,all,✪TAEYEON-김태연,suck♥♥♥♥
76561198164576372,Recommended,444090,29967078,Posted: 16 February,all,rectum cheese,"If you're looking for a game review you've come to the wrong place. But if youre looking for a fantastic ravioli recipe you've come to the right place.Ingredients- To Make the Dough375 grams (3 cups) plain flour1/2 teaspoon salt2 eggs1/4 cup (50 ml / 3½ tablespoons) olive oil1/2 cup (120 ml / 8 tablespoons) waterExtra flour for dusting- To Make Cheese Filling15 ounces (425 grams) container Ricotta cheese5 ounces (142 g/about 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons) ""3 Cheese Italian Blend"" (Parmesan, Romano & Asiago)Note: grate these cheeses yourself and create your own custom blend.1/2 cup cheddar cheese2 eggs, lightly beaten1/2 teaspoon salt1/2 teaspoon pepper- ExtrasYour favorite sauce for the ravioli (i.e. marinara/ marijuana)Parmesan cheeseBasilFried vegetablesShrimpFish slicesChicken piecesMake the Ravioli filling.- In a small mixing bowl, add the ricotta and mash with a fork.- Add in the 3-cheese blend, Cheddar cheese, eggs, salt, and pepper.- Mix all ingredients thoroughly until you have a smooth, paste-like consistency.- Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and place it in the refrigerator for about 30 minutes.Make the Ravioli dough.- Crack eggs into a large mixing bowl and beat them with a fork. Add water, oil, and salt. Mix.- Add 1 cup flour to the bowl. Use a fork to mix the flour with the eggs, water, oil, and salt. Repeat with the rest of the flour. Mix until a smooth dough is formed.- Clear and clean off a large work surface and dust it with flour. This is where you are going to roll out your dough.- Take the dough out of the mixing bowl, shape it into a ball, and place it on your work surface. Knead for at least 10 minutes or until it becomes elastic.- Dust a rolling pin with flour to prevent the dough from sticking. Roll out the dough until it is about 1/8 inch (1/3 cm) thick, or about the thickness of 2 stacked quarters.- With a cookie cutter or upside-down water glass, cut out circles in the dough (will make about 15-20 dough circles).- Ball up the unused dough and either roll it out and make a couple more raviolis, or wrap it and put in the freezer for another time. Dough can keep for weeks when frozen. Just make sure to wrap well so that it doesn’t suffer from freezer burn or absorb freezer odor.Fill the Ravioli shells.- Take the ravioli filling out of the refrigerator and place a tablespoon of it in middle of a dough.- Fill a small bowl with water, dip your fingers in, and moisten around the outer edge of the dough circle.- Fold the dough in half over the filling, making a half-moon shape. Be sure all the filling stays inside. Pinch the edges together and then seal the edges of the ravioli with a fork. Make sure to press firmly and go all the way around. This will add a “homemade” touch as well.- Repeat this process for all your dough circles.- Dust the finished ravioli with flour to keep them from sticking together.Form the Shells and Fill Using a Ravioli maker.- Roll the dough into two sheets- Place one sheet on the ravioli maker, and form the filling cups.- Fill with the ravioli mixture.- Lay the second sheet of dough on top, and roll it out. This will seal in the filling.- Remove and separate the finished raviolis.Cook the Ravioli.- Fill a large pot with water and bring to a boil.- Place the ravioli in boiling water for 5-6 minutes, or until they float. You can also test for doneness by nibbling on the edges to test.- If you don't want to make all the ravioli at one time, you can freeze the rest- Take ravioli out of boiling water with large slotted spoon and place on warmed platesServe it up.Top with your favorite sauce, grate some fresh cheese over it, and enjoy!"
,Recommended,444090,29973246,Posted: 16 February,all,20XX,Poverty OW
76561198349504442,Recommended,444090,29905264,Posted: 13 February,all,DaNriDgEsPLAY,Its Kicking me OUT
,Not Recommended,444090,29946396,Posted: 15 February,all,Scabarat123,They should add more content to the game because all it has is the following:Logging in...Unable to connect to server
,Recommended,444090,29861488,Posted: 11 February,all,Microsoft Paint,Love the game now that I fixed the bug
76561198357006082,Recommended,444090,29505938,Posted: 26 January,all,asuracryin56,svsdvdfgdgdgdd
,Recommended,444090,29618801,Posted: 31 January,all,Kenvanme,"This game is really good. I played it for hundreds of hours before it came to steam. and i loved every minute of it, even though it seemed like a different game every single patch. However, if you can get overwatch then get it. overwatch is better without a doubt, and I never touched this after i got overwatch. But if you can't get overwatch this is a really great free to play substitute. Don't listen to negative reviews who bash the anti cheat system it's really not that bad. For a game with a price tag of free and absolutely no pay to win aspects then what more could you ask for."
,Recommended,444090,29755086,Posted: 6 February,all,HappyGuy4You,still better then battlefront
,Recommended,444090,29447119,Posted: 23 January,all,Mwe la CAI,this game is the best
,Recommended,444090,29694746,Posted: 4 February,all,1red86,"""Paladins"" is a fun Free-To-Play FPS that pretty much anyone can be good at. While I have not played ""Overwatch"", I still know that this is a great alternative if you don't want to pay for Overwatch. I can expect great things coming in the future, and will edit this when that happens.I give it a 8/10."
76561198358044601,Recommended,444090,29913110,Posted: 13 February,all,DrFate,doesnt worki downloaded it and i cant play it says missing hi rez so i install that then update it then press play and says im missing 50 other files (if your going to put a game on steam (MAKE IT BLODDY WORK AND INSTALL 100% of the game not 10%) i would recomend it if i could actualy playSincerelyDeathTech
76561198278441213,Recommended,444090,29479837,Posted: 25 January,all,ʢ۩ʡ M2 ʢ۩ʡ D0DGER,ThIs Game is awesome !!
,Recommended,444090,30147576,Posted: 24 February,all,KawaiiBunnyYT,I like this game but i dont like that i cant play it at times because it says cant connect to server and shows ur login
76561198358554850,Recommended,444090,30147616,Posted: 24 February,all,zandaslash,This game is an overwatch like game that has slightly differnent ticks
76561198214746689,Recommended,444090,29589022,Posted: 30 January,all,hi its lavris,free overwatch
,Recommended,444090,29589190,Posted: 30 January,all,ADp_》앤드류,nice
,Recommended,444090,29992133,Posted: 17 February,all,RyzenFlein,"i have some Overwatch account but Paladins still fun game tho, feels like u can try more hero in one game when both game  just a little different, so i cant compare this. Still fun game for now and your friends could not spend money for play Paladins together, execpt for skins xD"
76561198310958493,Recommended,444090,30007685,Posted: 18 February,all,ツĢenerālis Balodis,good game
,Recommended,444090,30009651,Posted: 18 February,all,Kenway,Honestly? I'm tired of reading people arguing this is an overwatch's rip off why can't people play them both? they are great games and each one have their own pros and cons so why not enjoy them instead of fight each other? This is so fun to play with friends that hours look like minutes while doing it.
76561198218618388,Recommended,444090,30009836,Posted: 18 February,all,DeadMeat,I would like to play the game but I can't play for some reason it gives some kind of error when I want to start it
,Recommended,444090,29990684,Posted: 17 February,all,RobloxLover379,"Overwatch exists at an intersection between design and artistry, a crossroad at which pure tactile joy meets refined, intelligent design to create a rare spark of magic. As a 6v6 multiplayer, objective-based shooter, it finds accessibility not by lowering the skill ceiling, but by broadening the definition of skill. The person with deadshot aim is no more valuable than the person with the decision-making ability to know when a well-timed ability will turn an engagement, or the person with the map-sense to find the optimal locations to place sentry turrets. While it didn't exactly drown me in options, maps, and modes, it’s blessed with a multitude of tactical layers, and none of them ever came between me and my enjoyment of its intense, swirling teamfights, and thrilling overtime comebacks.Overwatch does a great many things well, but above all else, its success is built on the backs of its many excellent characters. It’s fitting that the main menu is dominated by one of them at all times; their diverse appearances, origins, and personalities are all laid bare with every pose they strike. Reinhardt’s rocket hammer lands on his shoulder with a meaty clank that invokes a broadsword resting against a medieval knight’s plate armor, and Tracer’s jovial smile is just briefly interrupted by a rebellious bang that slides across her face, tempting her to blow it back into place before re-addressing the camera and blinking all over the place. There’s an intelligent gorilla scientist, a lithe, blue-skinned assassin, and a cybernetic, zen-practicing healer too. It speaks volumes that the one character that adheres to well-worn shooter tropes feels like the odd man out here. They’re all so different that you’d imagine them looking silly standing next to one another, but through careful, subtle visual cues baked into their equipment and attire, they manage to appear as if they share a common world, even if they all hail from different corners of it.This diversity continues to bear out when you pick a hero and hit the battlefield with them. Though the 21 characters (all of whom are unlocked from the start) are roughly grouped into one of four “roles,” no two feel alike. The robotic, transforming Bastion and the anarchic, explosive-tossing Junkrat are both technically Defenders, but they couldn’t play any more differently from one another. The former looks for a cozy spot overlooking a key choke point and transforms into a minigun turret to run point defense; the latter plays an area-denial game by lobbing timed grenades over long distances, which then sit on the ground blinking angrily, as if to say “go somewhere else” to encroaching enemies before exploding. This strong sense of differentiation is important because it keeps team composition strategies from devolving into simple formulas. No, two Tanks, two Supports, and two Attackers is not the magic solution for a winning team. You have to look much deeper – and when you do, the true beauty of Overwatch’s gameplay shines through."
76561198329318676,Recommended,444090,30014203,Posted: 18 February,all,The_Avatar,this is an equal competitor of overwath and especially its free to play! this is one of the best games i have downloaded so far still love this games so much thx hi-rez studios
76561198351480742,Recommended,444090,30012772,Posted: 18 February,all,Sterben,I truly love this game and i hate it when people say its an overwatch ripoff becuase its more of a FPSMOBA than anything
,Recommended,444090,30013060,Posted: 18 February,all,What is aim?,Fix server for SE ASIA PLAYER.TOO  much lagg today.
76561198124998318,Recommended,444090,30016395,Posted: 18 February,all,✪ Valor,What are you waiting for? PLAY IT.
76561198253207752,Recommended,444090,30016472,Posted: 18 February,all,Cokekiwi☂,Ok ok before i start remember THIS IS NOT A OVERWATCH CLONE it has some BORROWED content from overwatch it has its own original heros and so on Ok?                                                                                                                                                              it is a great game i think it is worthy of being $10 (plz dont tho we need more players) any way its loads of fun 10/10 would get top play again!
76561198366607868,Recommended,444090,30015150,Posted: 18 February,all,akron,Awsome game with amazing gamplay experiment and for 0.0$ . Good deal
76561198169162032,Recommended,444090,30014621,Posted: 18 February,all,FetchPrince,"I played in the early Closed Beta, before the Steam version. I play it on-off since Overwatch launched, and use it as a nice little break from the constant grind of Overwatch.So, before I say anything more: Yes. This game is very similar to Overwatch. Some characters share similar traits (some literally direct copies), but none of these cross any CopyRight laws. And with more recent characters, they seem to be stepping away from the whole ""Copy"" stigma surounding older characters. And I am kind of glad that some traits are so similar to Overwatch. It makes it easier to cross between the games, as you'll understand how certain mechanics work already. League and DOTA both have characters like this. Their most unique character in my opinion is the newest one (at the time of me writing this): Meave.As for the Core gameplay when compared, these games feel almost completely different. This game is more of a MOBA, or a Brawler, while Overwatch is more of a traditional Objective Based FPS.Okay, now that we have the whole ""Overwatch Ripoff"" garbage out of the way, let me talk about the game itself, as an individual product:The game is inbalanced, and has plenty of flaws. There are a few audio glitches you may notice if you are running on a lower-end computer, and the hit boxes are huge. They justify the large hitboxes by saying some characters would be impossible to hit, which is slightly true, but definately makes some characters feel a little weird.Over everything else, I enjoy the character design the most. The voice packs make the characters seem more personal, and fleshed out, as you get a bigger glimps into that character's purrrrrsonality (I really like Meave). The abilities are pretty creative here and there as well. Like Drogos' spitball, or Ying's healing clones, and more. The art style, and design of each character look amazing. In good-old Hi-Rez fashion, most of the female cast is over sexualized in some way. I have, however, been seeing a slight shift from this in both Smite and Paladins, however, I don't think it's something that will take priority, as Hi-Rez likes their overly sexualized characters. And personally, I'm not complaining, but I can see why it would bother people.GamePlay wise... It's alright. It's fun, and you can blow off some steam with. But I don't really enjoy putting too many hours into it, and will usually just play it when I'm bored of other games. I also don't really see myself taking this game very seriously, even though they are trying to push a competitive scene.Overall, it's free. I think it's worth a try. If you don't like it, you don't like it. If you like it, then great. It"
,Recommended,444090,30014730,Posted: 18 February,all,-= Nemo =-,"What a wonderful game is this. This is free to play , but not a pay to win game. Yes, you can buy skins, but not a weapon which functions better than others."
76561198116958238,Recommended,444090,29992621,Posted: 17 February,all,my sexuality is a fidget spinner,♥♥♥♥♥game
,Recommended,444090,30005772,Posted: 18 February,all,∣ζμ∀,Best FPS game with various character i hope this game can be free for people who play on beta test
,Recommended,444090,30003082,Posted: 18 February,all,M!ku,OMG!!!
,Recommended,444090,30003663,Posted: 18 February,all,★ Rares ★,Good
,Recommended,444090,29999816,Posted: 17 February,all,Special Ed,"This is much better than Overwatch. Same heroes, same abilities, free to play, and no good players to go against. 10/10 would ship drogoz and ying any day of the week."
,Recommended,444090,30000097,Posted: 17 February,all,Canada,"I had high hopes since this ame from hi-rez, creators of SMITE. And I gotta say, I'm impressed. I would reccomend this to anyone who likes a good FPS or MOBA."
76561198254911883,Recommended,444090,30000313,Posted: 17 February,all,savage mode,great game!!!!!!
76561198007769187,Recommended,444090,30000376,Posted: 17 February,all,Sanji the Chef,"Quick and easy to get into.  Interface is nice as well as variety of characters. A lot of fun,  even if you aren't dominating.  Promotes team work in a good,  fun way. Plus it doesn't seem like the player community is full of annoying immature kids like most online fps.  Definately worth a try!"
76561198280250211,Recommended,444090,30003787,Posted: 18 February,all,⍟DžukyPapaja,nice game
76561198335391110,Recommended,444090,30004124,Posted: 18 February,all,Laid2Rest,"very nice, wish i had more time to play. fun easy to get into with smooth game mechanics."
,Recommended,444090,30010397,Posted: 18 February,all,Vanta Knight,"If you are oging to play this game, keep ing mind that nobody has ever heard of team composition or playing a healer. Also, most tanks have no idea that they are supposed to take damage whilst playing the objective. They instead like to sit as far awayfrom the point as the game allows and just do damage.Healers (when you have one) do not actually heal the tank at all! they would much prefer to heal the maeve, who is broken and can already heal herself."
,Recommended,444090,30010936,Posted: 18 February,all,저스틴,"It's fun, but it's annoying to not be able to skip replays and the delays before and after it. I see no entertainment value being locked into watching it even when I'm in it. If you can tolerate that, play and have fun!"
76561198218680653,Recommended,444090,30185098,Posted: 25 February,all,taylorlongoria419,"Great game and this comes from an overwatch fan, characters have some similarities but i had to learn each character and noone was anything like a copy of overwatch characters. i wish it had a story of some sort but for a free game its an amazing catch!"
,Recommended,444090,30175020,Posted: 25 February,all,Suzette,"Well, getting near the 100 hours in less than 2 weeks when i have almost the same on OW since its released.Paladins is an awesome game and it's FREE.Awesome game, just awesome."
,Recommended,444090,30175082,Posted: 25 February,all,ThotHunter69,Like Overwatch and League of Legends had a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ baby
,Recommended,444090,30175447,Posted: 25 February,all,mrbreeze737,"pretty cool game, i dont like that if you miss the prompt to join the game your called a deserter and punished. thats just dumb and discouraging, i already tried to join the game why the hell do i have to re affirm every random minute- put me in the freaking game when its ready"
,Recommended,444090,30214074,Posted: 26 February,all,Awesomelachlan Skinhub.com,great game equil with overwatch love the oringinal characters cassie 4 days
,Recommended,444090,30217945,Posted: 27 February,all,Halfblood01,Keeps getting better every patch
,Recommended,444090,30082890,Posted: 21 February,all,Alem☯,This game is addicting
,Recommended,444090,29682342,Posted: 3 February,all,Crouching Skeez Hidden Slick,mad?
,Recommended,444090,29687158,Posted: 4 February,all,Mr.Invention,After playing it again after a long time I found that the servers are in a pretty good shape.But the community is filled with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ low level players who think killing is the only option and don't care even a single bit for the objective. Level up and get out of the low level servers as fast as possible.I'am recommending this game now 'cause it is fun with full lobby of friends.F**K the randoms!
,Recommended,444090,30134368,Posted: 23 February,all,J7Frost,PLEASE DON'T MAKE THIS PAY TO WIN I BEG YOU.
,Recommended,444090,30074650,Posted: 21 February,all,bitch,"*Please note that I've played this game alot longer than 5 hours (About 60 hours total)*[Dramatic Music]Hi-rez presents...A Banana software gameWith 4K Games-Paladins®!-[Some heroic music o' sorts]Starring:Hitler's favourite merc as ViktorGaige's b*tch clone as EvieReaper's even edgier brother as Andy aka ""Androxus the God slayer"" (Welp, my cringe level just went off the charts)Bana-Yeah I'm not doing that...Actual review:it iz gud mai frendWell, hope this""review""didn't help, if haven't already PLEASE leave a dislike and unsub from my YT channel that I don't even have.Oh and this horrible review is sponsered by CS:GO Lotto the best place for little kids who technically shouldn't even be allowed on steam to gamble their skins that they bought with their parents visa! Just type in search: P*rnHub/gay.kom"
,Not Recommended,444090,30134474,Posted: 23 February,all,!n3,"My very first time I've watched a game murdered, because that's what OB44 did. Sorry, not going to play a p2w sh*t."
,Not Recommended,444090,30134525,Posted: 23 February,all,WalkingSun,"They just switched to a pure Pay to Win, pay to play system and to rub it in they ♥♥♥♥ed up their whole balancing with new op heros.It´s now a nightmare for beginners, was once a good game but not anymore"
76561198059839623,Not Recommended,444090,30134541,Posted: 23 February,all,RSX,Paladins has potential but just hasnt reached that kind of feeling im looking for like.... the overwatch feeling
,Recommended,444090,29422464,Posted: 22 January,all,S4mple,"Hi-Rez i hope you guys can take this serious. I (NenelaBebey) wan to complain about that crazy player disconnected,I was playing competitive match as makoa but the server was so lag. I keep disconnecting from the server and made me lose the competitive match.I am pretty sure my internet was very stable on the match. I hope GM can fix this problem Thank You."
,Recommended,444090,29533810,Posted: 27 January,all,『　　   』,"Did u play overwatch ?No,Ok."
,Recommended,444090,30148419,Posted: 24 February,all,{FOX} GLITZY,Really good for a free game.
76561198086721945,Recommended,444090,30123839,Posted: 23 February,all,Saggy,I feared patch OB44 was filled with the same problems that ruined Tribes.  The devs responded quickly to fanbase backlash with tweaks and changes.  Good to know the developers are listening.
,Not Recommended,444090,30148654,Posted: 24 February,all,Lakitu,"Global Agenda, Tribes: Ascend... Another day, another fun game Hi-Rez ♥♥♥♥s up.All these past experiences with Hi-Rez made me wise to never spend a dime on their games."
,Recommended,444090,30148949,Posted: 24 February,all,Blart Spookesce,"I do have overwatchI do have paladins aswellSome of my friends dont even know what overwatch isThey think paladins is its own ""original"" gameI liek overwatchI kinda liek paladinsOverwatch is betterBut my gud PC is dedAm stuck with paladinsHardrive dosent have space for TF2 (16gb)Well I better have good time while playing thisCause the 50 gb of the potato laptop can only have 1 game in it (30+gb used for important stuff)"
,Recommended,444090,30149577,Posted: 24 February,all,v43creations,"Paladins: Champions of the Realm is a great game made by Hi-Rez Studios (the makers of SMITE and Tribes: Ascend).Paladins is a team-based shooter similar to Team Fortress 2, but is much more MOBA-like with items that can be purchased with in-game credits, custom loadouts, unique characters and abilities, several different character roles, and unlimited ammo.There are mainly three game modes: Siege, Payload, and Survival.Siege is the most popular game mode, where the first team to reach 4 points wins. This is done by capturing the objective and pushing a payload after. If the other team captures the objective, you must keep them from pushing the payload until the time expires.Payload is the second game mode, where each team starts on either the attacking or defending side. The attacking team has limited time to escort the payload as far as they can, while the defending team has to keep them from pushing so until the time runs out. After the first round ends, both teams switch places. The team that pushes the payload the farthest wins.Survival is the newest game mode, where teams have to battle until only one team remains while a deadly fog envelops the map and forces both teams to the center."
,Not Recommended,444090,30143692,Posted: 24 February,all,Breeze,"You will spend more money to unlock heroes and get cards you need that you will spend for example on buying Overwatch... If I buy it I get all heroes and can compete on high level. Only thing I will not have are skins, voice lines and other♥♥♥♥♥♥.. But I will not lose the game because enemy team will have better  cards/ESSENCE... This game is showing it's P2W face...Enjoy it while lasts... Goodbye from me!"
76561198162045366,Not Recommended,444090,30143471,Posted: 24 February,all,NEGRITO,First Battleborn..Then Tf2????Now paladins?Im scared of buying overwatch now.It may share the same fate of the class/hero shooters....
,Not Recommended,444090,30143699,Posted: 24 February,all,eleete,"went pay to win, sick of this happening, not interested at all anymore"
,Recommended,444090,30092769,Posted: 21 February,all,NecTaR,"still needs to improve many things , but decent for a beta game ."
,Recommended,444090,30112411,Posted: 22 February,all,!MeduZa.GSC,The overwatch free game
,Recommended,444090,30112441,Posted: 22 February,all,ngeGame.id,"Not really an FPS fans, but I must said this game is very good.Fun to play. Easy to handle.And the most important one is that it's free to play :D"
76561198200223362,Recommended,444090,30112522,Posted: 22 February,all,tsents.sagie,its goodan its has bags to open
,Recommended,444090,30097588,Posted: 22 February,all,✪ Richie54,git gud
76561198239771286,Recommended,444090,30097820,Posted: 22 February,all,Doggy Watcher,"I can't play the game because it says ""Version Mismatch"" and the Troubleshooting link doesnt work. Any one please help???"
,Recommended,444090,30097896,Posted: 22 February,all,Eddiemate,"I've only been playing this game for 5 hours total, and I love it, you can customise your characters with special cards to fit how you play, whether you're playing as offensive as a tiger. Or as defensive as a wall, or between, where you'll survive a while and still do lots of damage.The only downside about this game however, can be your teammates, as sometimes they'll wanna run off and do their own thing, or not care about defending the objective or attacking it. But that's just something you can't control."
,Recommended,444090,30093322,Posted: 21 February,all,"<Kaitō, Yūsuke>",not that bad (Y)
76561198314520602,Recommended,444090,30093630,Posted: 21 February,all,Paan*PaaN,nice gemes:)
,Recommended,444090,30093632,Posted: 21 February,all,kransky_dog,simple easy game
76561198296709977,Recommended,444090,30100784,Posted: 22 February,all,IronJuan,One day i logged on and it said my login is invalid why is it invalid can you please fix this. No the game is not a pirate copy.I got it on steam
,Recommended,444090,30101338,Posted: 22 February,all,Eevnx,good game
,Recommended,444090,30101761,Posted: 22 February,all,Pasha,Good Game.
76561198198785747,Recommended,444090,30101818,Posted: 22 February,all,RzQs hellcase.com,very good game :D
,Recommended,444090,30098949,Posted: 22 February,all,s4m     +,soooooo fun
,Recommended,444090,30098999,Posted: 22 February,all,LeFrogo,my name jeff
76561198160769774,Recommended,444090,30099027,Posted: 22 February,all,Some guy who need friends,Really cool game. I'm playing it a lot and it's the best game
76561198323631179,Recommended,444090,30096547,Posted: 22 February,all,Ninja,I love the game. It's atmospheric and action packed. So many different characters and different game modes. It is one of the best (even in beta).
76561198149765940,Recommended,444090,30096805,Posted: 22 February,all,Fachry Strife,"good game, but i still don't get beta player award :("
,Recommended,444090,30096974,Posted: 22 February,all,Qureshi_MpeG,superb
,Recommended,444090,30085546,Posted: 21 February,all,KenzZiX_#B&H,That Game is Awesome!!
76561198041201156,Recommended,444090,30085726,Posted: 21 February,all,John Snow,A+ lots of fun.
,Recommended,444090,30085771,Posted: 21 February,all,WetSoxx,"Just such a great game! Lots of people say it's an ""Overwatch Ripoff,"" but frankly, I find it more enjoyable than overwatch. There are lots of champions that, sure may seem *similar* to overwatch, but their abilities are drastically different. Also, the gameplay is really just fun, despite it being only a beta.I'd reccommend it to anyone! It's free, so why not?"
76561198080930794,Recommended,444090,30088240,Posted: 21 February,all,MorningS†ar,"Awesome game. Its fun, and its free. What more could you ask for..."
76561198053962005,Not Recommended,444090,30088628,Posted: 21 February,all,Guigo,"Too many imbalances. Too many successive defeats due to poor matchmaking. Too many in-game disconnects due to bad server. Hackers.Unbereable even for a beta. Hope Hi-Rez will get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together. Until then, wait for release"
,Recommended,444090,30088691,Posted: 21 February,all,Frotzo,"i'm playing both games, overwatch and paladins ... both are amazing games"
76561198051987911,Recommended,444090,30045719,Posted: 19 February,all,TNO | VonoxNL,I'm getting annoyed by every single hero I play against.I love it.
,Recommended,444090,30087869,Posted: 21 February,all,KasParMaucibu,rly gud
76561198359350745,Recommended,444090,30088084,Posted: 21 February,all,Krow,Its like overwatch< but honestly better
,Recommended,444090,30073904,Posted: 20 February,all,DireTurtle,"First game that I started playing, so in my book it's the best game. It's really fun and always getting worked on, new skins, new flairs, new champions and new maps. Really good and free of course, with a little time put in here and there you can unlock all the champions in about 2 weeks. Well, hope you check it out."
,Recommended,444090,30074083,Posted: 20 February,all,ROGELIO,nice
76561198165004184,Recommended,444090,30081100,Posted: 21 February,all,beast4617,It's not Overwatch but at lease it's less toxic. 9/10
,Recommended,444090,30081107,Posted: 21 February,all,CerealKiller|TradeSkinsFast.com,VERY NICE GAME
76561198157633150,Recommended,444090,30081315,Posted: 21 February,all,Ujo Fero,this game is like evolved overwatch. highly recommend this game
76561198047250301,Recommended,444090,30081630,Posted: 21 February,all,Mi-Chan | Pvpro.com,good game
,Recommended,444090,30081704,Posted: 21 February,all,IZAK,"I love it, so much fun. 10/10 would do it again"
,Recommended,444090,30066369,Posted: 20 February,all,Flyin' Hawaiian,"I was browsing Steam for Free to Play games the other day, and came upon Paladins.  At first glace, it has similarities to other games of the current era, but the characters, maps, abilities, and playstyles are amazing and unique, and the fact you can earn cosmetics, etc all through just playing/saving up, is absolutely incredible.  I love this game! :D"
,Recommended,444090,30066458,Posted: 20 February,all,JazzyMazzy,"It has good gameplay and I have lots of fun playing it with my friends, there are only a couple things I wish were differentyou cant switch heros until the match is over which kinda bugs me because you cant counter the other team if you need tothat heros cost money/coins/creditsthats all I want to change"
76561198046184291,Recommended,444090,30066468,Posted: 20 February,all,Momster's Son,I have seen the similarity between overwatch and paladins they both are really well polished games but stop arguing about the similarity! They both are great games. So please stop arguing about it.
76561198260694682,Not Recommended,444090,29884752,Posted: 12 February,all,ＢＡＣＯＮ,Fix your ♥♥♥♥ing game
76561198046625880,Recommended,444090,30144646,Posted: 24 February,all,[P]R0 [M]EGA,All im going to say isGreat Game! Play it!
,Recommended,444090,29671175,Posted: 3 February,all,cake,"Great game to pick up for free, the developers still do updates for it and add new heros almost everymonth."
,Recommended,444090,29733179,Posted: 5 February,all,NickRage,"OverwatchPaladins is a team-based multiplayer first-person shooter video game developed and published byBlizzard EntertainmentHi-Rez Studios.OverwatchPaladins puts players into two teams ofsixfive, with each player selecting one of several pre-defined hero characters with unique movement, attributes, and abilities; these heroes are divided into four classes:OffenseDamage,DefenseFlank,TankFront Line, and Support. Players on a team work together to secure and defend control points on a map and/or escort a payload across the map in a limited amount of time. Players gain cosmetic rewards that do not affect gameplay, such as character skins and victory poses, as they continue to play in matches. The game was launched with casual play, whileBlizzardHi-Rez Studios added competitive ranked play about a month after launch. Additionally,BlizzardHi-Rez Studios has developed and added new characters, maps, and game modes post-release, while stating that allOverwatchPaladins updates will remain free, with the only additional cost to players being microtransactions to earn additional cosmetic rewards."
,Recommended,444090,29491110,Posted: 25 January,all,OG BloodCorona,"Very good game, there are a few bugs here and there nothing major,but the game is in beta so its okay. They patch the game every week which means they care about the game and they listen to the community well. lots of negative reviews recently about the new card system, they are overeacting. If you buy items smartly you won't have any problems getting the cards you want."
,Recommended,444090,30170226,Posted: 25 February,all,sophrosyne / trade.tf,great game
,Recommended,444090,29657521,Posted: 2 February,all,Mqarius,This is a fun game like Overwatch
,Recommended,444090,30118889,Posted: 23 February,all,haunted,It's fine. #neverforget
,Recommended,444090,29829360,Posted: 10 February,all,Gamer135,Maeve Nerf.
,Recommended,444090,30133518,Posted: 23 February,all,King Conker,"Great variety of heroes, awesome card customization (before those prices), and more play modes with every patch... the game is fun again, with the reworked essence system, antd the awesome options that came from the legendary cards. All this new play modes, with different challenges mix up together well.Still, It needs more complex map design and some voice com. during or before the match.Thanks to Hi-Rez Studios to recieves all that feedback, and patch things up as quickly as they do.This kind of actions brings a good omen for the final product.Now I seriously RECOMMEND this GAME"
76561198051322254,Recommended,444090,30100508,Posted: 22 February,all,•,"This is truly an amazing game, I don't care which one came first or who coppies what, but the twist Paladins has over Overwatch makes it a much better game in MY_OWN_PERSONAL_OPPINION. PLAY IT YOURSELF.EDIT: After the last update, bugs have been fixed (exept maeve), legendary card costs have been lowered, and other tweaks. It seems they give a sh*t about our feedback, which is nice. Enjoy the game :) I do"
76561198010734079,Not Recommended,444090,29978997,Posted: 16 February,all,Hicabilly,"Game itself is fun enough at face value. Number of different characters to choose from, each with their own playstyle and strengths and weaknesses. Objective based matches involving control points and defense/offense time on objective stuff. Game looks good, overall, if a bit cartoony (which is intentional). Microtransactions are present, but are almost entirely cosmetic. **HEAVILY teamwork dependant**, which is actually what made me get rid of the game. Teamwork is all fine and well, but when it is stressed so strongly (as in Paladins) that a single person on your team either not knowing, or flat not doing their job, makes you lose the match(s) it gets very frustrating very quickly.In short, this ""thumbs up"" is entirely provisional; if you have friends that want to play this AND have 2 or more brain cells to rub together, you'll have a blast!    ..... If you don't, you're pretty well stuck waiting on morons to F you over because they have no idea what they're doing/ REFUSE to do what they SHOULD be doing.-EDIT- Recent changes have made the grind necessary to keep it ""free"" absolutely obscene!! Anyone familiar with Warframe will recognize the money-grubbing mechanic... Except it's even worse here.   i.e. ""THUMBS UP"" changed to ""THUMBS DOWN"""
,Recommended,444090,29665745,Posted: 3 February,all,Yolo,its so awesome this game so mutch content :3
76561198168444407,Recommended,444090,30123548,Posted: 23 February,all,TheMysteriousGentleman,Hi-Rez is starting to listen to its community now. New champions on a relatively frequent basis is also great. Balancing needs more work though. Not too many bugs right now. Great job Hi-Rez!
,Recommended,444090,29799500,Posted: 9 February,all,You Want Some?,"Good game i tottaly recommend it . Sicker than your average♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥killerTwist♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s heads off♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing stink ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and gayersChicken wing eating playersTriple K hooligans like Moon ManDead right if they head right♥♥♥♥ing your mom every nightMoon man's been smooth since days of killing jewsNever loseNever choose to lynch jews who do something to usTalk go through us your mom walked to usGet on a♥♥♥♥♥♥bus; screw us, screw usYeah, KKK,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥babies i don't give a ♥♥♥♥Stick it up the buttDare I not see at your ripe cherry ♥♥♥♥♥Bang every porch monkey easily, busilyRecently ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ fronting ain't saying nothingMy♥♥♥♥♥♥niggerSuck it, Triple K mafia, we're on itHook [2x]Moon man, Moon man, can't you see♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ need to hang from treesAnd I just love your racist waysI guess that's why their mom is black and you're so greatI put ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ underground without a soundYou minorities can't step to meAll♥♥♥♥♥♥♥need to go back to MexicoNever to be stealing money from you and meNow who's the real dookieAll you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ smell like♥♥♥♥♥♥You ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ can ride my♥♥♥♥♥♥Spear chuckers pushing up sticksOoga booga, go back to Africa[Lyrics from:https:/lyrics.az/moonman/-/notoriouskkk.html]I don't know why I hate blacksOh yeah, it's because they lookAnd smell like♥♥♥♥♥Quit throwing your chicken bones on the sidewalk♥♥♥♥♥♥♥need to learn some English talkI don't give a ♥♥♥♥ about your mama♥♥♥♥ing on her face ain't no dramaIt's probably different than the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥cock she's used toKill a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and skull♥♥♥♥ a jewHook [2x]Moon man, Moon man, can't you see♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ need to hang from treesAnd I just love your racist waysI guess that's why their mom is black and you're so great[Sunman]Everything you be saying is offensive to meAs a proud African American I would have used my right to free speechMoon Man you need to stop the hateAfter all we are one universal race♥♥♥♥ off♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥I don't give a ♥♥♥♥ about people of other colorsGet the ♥♥♥♥ out you ain't my brotherWhy don't you go and ♥♥♥♥ a hyenaWhen it's dark outside I can't even see yaHook [2x]Moon man, Moon man, can't you see♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ need to hang from treesAnd I just love your racist waysI guess that's why their mom is black and you're so greatThis is Moon man here telling you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to take a long walk off a short pierVote 5, ♥♥♥♥♥♥s, and I'm out of here"
76561198066135510,Not Recommended,444090,29642081,Posted: 1 February,all,APRATIM,Showing loading profile.
,Recommended,444090,29651989,Posted: 2 February,all,SD_Sketch™,Guzel Oyun bedavaya overwatch
,Recommended,444090,30196727,Posted: 26 February,all,SirMagik,"""Can I have overwatch mum?"" asked little Jimmy.""No, play paladins instead, it's free!""No seriousily it's kinda like overwatch however it has some of it's own features like the horses and cards loadouts, I would recommend this game however it is not as good as Overwatch."
,Recommended,444090,29533421,Posted: 27 January,all,Archmage Owl,Overwatch for poor people.-WeegieTheGod
,Not Recommended,444090,29959464,Posted: 16 February,all,mac gaming.co,"At first, I reviewed this game with a thumbs up. After some hours of gameplay, this game told me that im missing some files. So, I thought: alright, i'll re-install this game and enjoy it again after it finished the download. BUT BUT BUT, it says im MISSING FILES PRIVELEGE even though i did nothing to the steam folders or files. I tried it a few times, googled for help, blah blah blah. NO FIX. so i gave up on this game. I dont think i'll re-install this game once they found the issue. Fix it hi-rez. By the way, fix your asian servers too. Im getting around 150 ping in southeast asia servers. wtf?"
,Recommended,444090,29613879,Posted: 31 January,all,FijianBoss,"Couldn't afford overwatch got this game instead, was then signed to supreme's paladins team, game to lit 10/10 ign"
,Recommended,444090,29821897,Posted: 10 February,all,THE.BEST.PLAYER,Me:mum can i have your credit card to buy overwatch?Mum:noMe:okay then...
,Recommended,444090,29962715,Posted: 16 February,all,KBOC,"Better than Overwatch, and believe me, i played overwatch, don't buy it, the only thing you do is run around the point waiting for a junkrat to get a lucky kill or a pharah to shoot you continiously without getting killed, or a symmetra (which is a support) running around placing turrets which is sooo op and run around with her lazer and eat all your teamates, overwatch is over$H!T, totally regret buying it, if you want to play a good class based fps game, DOWNLOAD PALADINS edit: forgot to write that overwatch is just an expensive paladins clone."
,Recommended,444090,29560848,Posted: 29 January,all,~SHOXYE~,This game is awesome!
,Not Recommended,444090,30138352,Posted: 24 February,all,TheLaw,They changed and removed heroes the pictures on the store page do not resemble the game.Its pay to win at the moment
76561198039946610,Recommended,444090,33008116,Posted: 29 June,all,alnuri,"Just try it. It's free afterall, and I'm sure you'll be pleasantly surprised. :D"
76561198072272679,Recommended,444090,32971817,Posted: 28 June,all,Rezio,YES YES YES! GET IT! LOVE IT! AND YOU WILL TOO!!
76561198069187131,Recommended,444090,29550163,Posted: 28 January,all,Xaerox | NONAME,no more noobs please
76561197970733076,Recommended,444090,29613363,Posted: 31 January,all,LBC,Paladins is a F2P Overwatch. You may think that I don't know much but my Friend got me into Paladins in Closed ALPA and I simply love Paladins and I do play TF 2 and Overwatch. They are similar but Paladins has subtle differences that make it special. Take it from the guy who has been playing for almost 2 years.
,Not Recommended,444090,30094578,Posted: 21 February,all,White,"Paladins used to be a game that my friends and I could enjoy together. I've put 200 hours into this with constant fun and laughter in our Skype call. However, this game quickly turned into an unbalanced hell hole. The community likes to claim ""Wow! Hi-Rez really listens to our feedback and makes quick changes!"" However, in the gameplay aspect it feels as if that simply isn't true. Fun degenerated into frustration after constant toxicity, broken game mechanics, and absurdly overpowered flying lizards that two shot you with extreme speed. My friends that once have enjoyed this great game with potential have uninstalled, and have no considerations of redownloading.tl;dr not enjoyable at its current state"
76561198130734786,Recommended,444090,29433706,Posted: 22 January,all,Skeletor,"You know that anti-cheat thing?Well you see, my game is sort of ruined.I have lowered the settings to the lowest possible, but no matter what, my only graphics are a black screen and part of the hud. I bought the founders pack as well, so I spend 20 dollars on a game that I can't play. I have no idea when this will get fixed, i've messed around with settings, and uninstalled and reinstalled the game a countless number of times, but it just wont work. I had fun when it would run right, but as of now, its just dissapointing.*This has been fixed. Anti cheat is still bad, however the game is working and is fun, so I would reccomend it."
,Not Recommended,444090,29978914,Posted: 16 February,all,[Nemesis]Egoist✟Anzelbit,"Literally the best community for FPS.*Ally afks*You:report this afk plsEnemy:why?/Not worth reporting.*You are like, lvl 40**Your team's average lvl is 20**Enemy team's average lvl is 40+**You join a queue, found a match*(people with instant chose)You:Can we have frontline or support?Team:(No answers)*You see a frontline flanking or being at backline**You see flank literally walking along with frontline**You see a damage that did less damage than frontline**You see that this game is full of noobs that fill up your team and they give you cancers*+Added in 7/29Countless people who yet doesn't know how to play the game properly, probably bad tutorials stil there for newbies to feed in normal games and make other high lvl people who got them as fill-ups get cancer"
,Recommended,444090,29733952,Posted: 5 February,all,Sleepsツ,Good game and great Overwatch alt
,Recommended,444090,29698549,Posted: 4 February,all,AssassinRoGamer,It's kind of ok bind i expect to be better optimised
76561198333086585,Recommended,444090,29633863,Posted: 1 February,all,Smoke Weed,good job i like this game i play on pc and on xbox one s its so cool !!1nice job!!!
76561197969055071,Recommended,444090,33105682,Posted: 1 July,all,Firedog,Great game and is always improving
,Recommended,444090,29520863,Posted: 27 January,all,[es],Something with your server. I cant even invite my friend to a party. and sometimes i have been kicked out because of lost connection eventhough i use the high speed internet network. Please fix this as soon as possible in South East Asia . Thank you
,Recommended,444090,29892344,Posted: 12 February,all,hungry,fun.
,Recommended,444090,29452973,Posted: 23 January,all,TheSuspect610,Very Fun game to play i've had a ton of fun i never get bored i just need a better computer to play it on and ill be golden anyways i play it a lot on the ps4. Thanks for the awsome content Hi-Rez :)
,Recommended,444090,29493824,Posted: 25 January,all,Smug Anime Reacts Only,"Fixed the bugs, new comp mode"
,Recommended,444090,30122568,Posted: 23 February,all,Lulz.,I will give b.l.o.w.j.o.b.s. for funds !
,Recommended,444090,34110772,Posted: 8 August,all,ifh,meh
76561198064251117,Recommended,444090,30147344,Posted: 24 February,all,Nobeljohn343,let me sum this game up nowconfusedfungrindygoood game kinda dodgey/greedy developerslets not mention the essense thing its irrelevent in gamehonestly a 7/10 with potiential to improve
,Recommended,444090,29969123,Posted: 16 February,all,Puglex,"If you don't have money for overwatch or your computer can't handle it, this is your game."
,Recommended,444090,30101734,Posted: 22 February,all,ツ bullied,10/10
,Recommended,444090,29555738,Posted: 28 January,all,soviet doge,"Paladins is basically if TF2 and Overwatch had a baby, unbalanced but good looking. The content creators try their hardest to make this game great with at least an update per month. Would recommend if you're not spending money."
,Not Recommended,444090,29858737,Posted: 11 February,all,ZionPulse,"*OUTDATED*Paladins is a team based, hero shooter developed by Hi-Rez studios. An Atlanta based Game developer. I have prepared this review for my one year anniversary celebration of playing this game and as a (kinda) well known member of the community and a veteran of playing the game (I have over 15 days worth of time put into this game at the time of writing) I thought could contribute my thoughts. And since this is A) Still in beta and B) A game with a frequently shifting meta. I thought it would be a good idea to focus on the gameplay, card system, and aesthetics (The core of the game). So here we go! My take on Paladins: Champions of the Realm!1. The GameplaySo the gameplay is not very unique when it comes to the genre. It has 22 characters or heroes or champions or whatever at the time of writing. 4 classes (Frontline, Damage, Flank, and Support). Each has a 5 abilities: fire, alt fire, movement, whatever the Q button does, and ultimate. Each has a cooldown depending on the strength of the ability (Although fire has reload and ultimate is charged by the roles objective like frontlines capping th objective). Some kits (sets of abilities) are very unique and not found in many other games, others.... ehhhhhh seem like direct copypasta. Each (will go with champion for obvious reasons) champion is unique and does not feel like another but overall could be better (If you're wondering, I don't have a definitive main. I just play whoever I need to). ""But what do you dooooooo? What kind of gamemodes are there?"" I hear you asking. Well in Paladins, there're 4 different gamemodes to play: (excluding competitive, training, etc.) ""Casual"": where you attack point A, capture the point, and push a cart to point B, simple (Keep in mind if you have 10 champions at level 4+ there is a competitive version of this gamemode). Payload where you try ad push a cart a certain length with both teams getting a chance to push and whichever team pushes it the farthest in the least amount of time wins. Test Q: Basically a version of casual with new maps to test. And PvE: where you fight insanely OP bots. Casual and Payload are kind of a givens for the genre. Test Q is let's face it, Casual but without the polished maps. And PvE is actually pretty unique and innovative. Overall the gameplay (champs and gamemodes) is rather unoriginal but not bad or unfun. It gets a 6/10 IMO.2. The Card SystemThe card system is one of the (very few) things that make Paladins different from the other hero shooters (particularly Overwatch) as it is combines MOBA esque fetures with ""frantic"" FPS gameplay. The cards also throw in elements of card gaming like MtG or Hearthstone. . Each champion has 16 cards. 4 for each ability (not including fire and ultimate) and 4 miscellaneous (armor, weapon, etc.) per champion. Each card gives the player stat boost like more health, faster cooldowns, etc. Do note that items that you purchase in match are not cards. Most of the original champs' cards (up to patch 33) do fun and unique things but some of the more recent ones have been rather bland. The card system has come a loooooong way from what it once was, it's hardly the same. Hi-Rez has said there will be no more major changes to the game so this is basically what we get for the rest of the games life. The card system in the game is the devs trying to set apart themselves from the competition but it has kind just flopped and strayed way too far from the original idea. 5/103. AestheticsWhen I say aesthetics, I mean the graphics, the sound, the look and feel of everything, the vibes. The graphics are....... subpar to say the least. Not bad, but not good. The audio quality is pretty good. Some of the voicelines are pretty annoying and most of the voice acting sounds pretty ametuar. The SFX is pretty average. The soundtrack... well um, I actually have it muted so I can listen to more EDM while playing (I do that in most games). This portion of the review is definitely a lot shorter because there's not really as much to say. Aesthetics get a 7/10.Conclusion and Final ThoughtsOverall, the game is pretty unpolished. I hear you saying ""It's in beta!"" and such but my response is: ""yes, but their (Hi-Rez's) ignorance is causing them to ignore features that should have been fixed ages ago."" What I mean by that is, Hi-Rez is refusing to fix problems that need to be addressed (matchmaking, hacking etc.) and says they're going to fix it put don't. Their lack of attention, creativity and effort they put into the game is a HUGE problem (not to mention they ignore their community). On that note, the community is.... bad. It's just bad. Toxicity is rising. Hackers are uncontrolled. And whiners and AFKers rule the outcome of matches. The final score averaged out to about a 6.5/10 IMO. The game has had a lot of potential put lost it's way and is never really going to come back. I'm sorry Hi-Rez, but I do believe this."
,Not Recommended,444090,29667055,Posted: 3 February,all,Plains Of Eidolon,"gud game... for the gamebut too many cheaters no matter how much you re trying to conivince there is no cheaters. dont wanna talk much, its not an opinion but a fact. no need explaination, just try to figure it by your own self. if you think im wrong or not, you both are right. because we are even in our waysToo much cheaters not gonna play it anymore , have fun"
,Recommended,444090,30131455,Posted: 23 February,all,鵺 Velvet Crowe,"Taking that review back, they changed it so it isent P2W anymore, also Maeve is Baeve, fight me."
,Recommended,444090,29935030,Posted: 14 February,all,Rhys,ying>all
,Recommended,444090,34885569,Posted: 11 September,all,Prolapsed_Urethra,"the game is very similar to overwatch but has many differences, it is very fun. I find it has a better community by far small but way way better. Also to those that say its a copy of overwatch, this game was in developement before OW, nice of paladins to at least pay homage to TF2 which they both are based off. 9/10"
,Not Recommended,444090,29506436,Posted: 26 January,all,BrandonMig,Well this game has gone to♥♥♥♥♥♥  no team play at all.  DO NOT PLAY
,Recommended,444090,29801928,Posted: 9 February,all,TheLurkingGamer,"Amazing game, much better than overwatch and TF2 in my opinion.Combining the classic first person shooter game with cards that customize your hero was ingenious.  Good Graphics and runssmoothly. Some heroes may seem broken, but you need to learn how to play before you ♥♥♥♥♥ about them. Everything will be fixed. Go click the play button now."
76561198046889671,Not Recommended,444090,29599413,Posted: 30 January,all,Doughnut747,"Coming back to the game after almost a year of not playing the only thing that has changed is that there are new champions to play. Servers still randomly disconnect, especially in ranked. Server ping can still be extremely high. The ranked system is completley random. Youre given a random rank and then play against random ranks. For example placing in bronze you play against golds and diamonds almost every single game. Deffinetly do not reccomend. Ive given this game mamy chances over the course of many many months. Will not be playing again in the future. If you do try the game, play for free. You arent missing anything by soening a cent on the game."
76561198286813604,Recommended,444090,29546276,Posted: 28 January,all,Dick Kickem,"11/10 great game but...-viktor is a spray and pray simulator-skye is a spray and pray simulator tf2 spy edition-tyra is a spray and pray simulator csgo edition-torvald.......... its actually a great class, it may need a buff at cooldowns i guess?-the play of the games are generaly taken by idiots who steal/camp.these are all the problems i have. i dont actually care about the play of the game, i care about balancing the game... BUT STILL:a great game which didnt get toxic...maybe yet.P.S: i have something called variety so you can laugh about my hours later."
76561198087613218,Recommended,444090,29959744,Posted: 16 February,all,Dreyk,This game is literally attractive and high skill caped.
,Recommended,444090,29706041,Posted: 4 February,all,cAndy,"While it is a fun game, the movement and physics engine feel very clunky. It just doesent as fluid as say Overwatch or TF2. But then again, its a fun game that even an Overwatch player like me can enjoy."
,Recommended,444090,29652106,Posted: 2 February,all,HirtZ,Im falling in love with this game! This game is awesome!
76561198042706874,Recommended,444090,29593369,Posted: 30 January,all,Bloodfeast Island Man,I like to take a♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,444090,30246594,Posted: 28 February,all,Xaliven,I liked this game since the start and i never compared it to Overwatch even though they are similar in some sort.When you compare new updates to the old versions you can understand how much Hi-rez is working on Paladins and they always have something to surprise us.Not being P2W is one of the best things in the game.Even buying different skins is possible without spending money (Free weekly Crystals and i know it takes a lot of time)There are some balance issues in the game but not too much to make you quit the game. It gets even easier after you learn how to play all champions.Hi-rez is adding skins and new features every 2 weeks which makes the game never olddefinitely would recomend it to all FPS and MOBA lovers
76561198128236282,Recommended,444090,30249239,Posted: 28 February,all,Jacket,good enough if u dont own overwatch i do lol and i still play it
76561198148940191,Recommended,444090,30062269,Posted: 20 February,all,HybridChimera(Kannaisbest),You guys like overwatch?
76561198201123010,Recommended,444090,29997320,Posted: 17 February,all,Yup,I just suck at this game :|
,Recommended,444090,35471581,Posted: 4 October,all,DigitalComa,10 out of 10
