user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198006413390,Recommended,444170,29653468,Posted: 2 February,all,woosk,"This second title of the Unhack series from InvertMouse now feature a different male protagonist who was thought to be The Creator from Smash Security. With the Motherworm and the source of the 5K Worm destroyed along with The Creator's former AI companions Perfect Weedy and Debug-squared four years ago, the protagonist was shocked to find an army of AI clones resembling Weedy to appear together with a mysterious masked AI launching simultaneous attacks throughout in cyberspace and in the actual living world. As the protagonist attempts to investigate the source of these hacking and actual attacks on him, the protagonist will attempt to hack across multiple different security and firewall systems in the form of 10 puzzle minigames which involve moving a circular icon across a maze to an exit without being destroyed by various environmental hazards and uncover the truth about himself, experience love with an AI and make a sacrifice.The puzzle minigames are now turn-based with environmental hazards moving after the player has made a move and can be skipped with no missed dialogue or achievements, there is now a gallery to show all unlocked CGs and the game now allows quicksaves, manual saving at any point in the game and the take screenshot button on Steam to work. Soundtracks are good and overall game presentation is also nicely done. Recommended when at sale or in bundle discount as it takes less than 10 hours to finish/skip all puzzle minigames and read through the entire visual novel."
,Recommended,444170,29257903,Posted: 14 January,all,✩ Helenα ✩,"The first Unhack was one of the first visual novels I’ve played on Steam. I really like Invert Mouse, their games are enjoyable and you can see how much effort they put on them.I’ve been waiting for this game for some time now, and let me say, it was worth the wait. The art style is fantastic, and there’s this nostalgic feeling regarding the first game in terms of story and BGM. This visual novel is basically kinetic (no choices, you only read) featuring mini games. They were somewhat easy, and you don’t need to solve all the mini games in order to get the achievements. The story is goodI never saw that plot twist coming, haha. The new characters are also good, but seeing the old ones made me happy(even tho the new story is not exactly about them.8/10, I highly recommend this sequel if you played the previous games."
,Recommended,444170,29935039,Posted: 14 February,all,atro city,"A surprisingly good sci-fi visual novel about AI companions, Unhack 2 weaves a complex story that touches on social/philosophical issues regarding the nature of artificial intelligence and their relationship with humans, while at the same time having heartfelt moments and memorable characters. That's an impressive feat for a VN that is only about 5 hours long.If you do give Unhack 2 a try, I highly recommend going through Unhack 1 first as it will give you a good amount of background and character development."
,Recommended,444170,29215432,Posted: 12 January,all,cooperdf,"Welcome back, dear unhackerLove this game, Invert Mouse did a fantastic job with the story.The story is a beautiful continuation of the original Unhack. It has an amazingly unseen twist, a very satisfying twist at that. There is a very funny homage to an old Windows OS assistant, that we all know and love to hate. We see familiar faces from the original Unhack and even though they're the same faces you can see the change in them. The new characters are fantastic each with an interesting story.The gameplay is very similar to the original, minus the 5K Worms, and is quite fun. I do wish however that  there were more puzzles. The original had more puzzles that made me feel immersed in the game. However, that doesn't at all change my opinion of the overall game, it was great and I hope that Invert Mouse does more games in the future.I highly recommend this game series."
,Recommended,444170,29293231,Posted: 16 January,all,Ailurus Fulgens,"I've got a real soft spot for InvertMouse's VN's; they get so many things right in terms of the stuff that counts; good characterisation, plotting and pacing that the shallower areas (like the superfluous mini-games and occasional recycled graphical elements) don't really register.The big shift from Unhack 1 is that this game is a full fledged VN (as opposed the the light-arcade hybrid of the original). There are still a series of 'hacking' minigames which equate to moving a box around a grid avoiding obstacles; these are all skippable without penalty, and you might as well since they don't really serve a purpose except to slow down the story momentarily.The story itself zips along, introducing new characters with a lot of charm as well as revisiting much of the original game's cast; it steers clear of outright fanservice but I'd still strongly recommend a playthrough of the original first, if only to establish context. The story is linear and there's no opportunity to branch the narrative, but this isn't the kind of tale which would really benefit from such a mechanic; you're here to take a ride with the protagonist (love him or hate him) not to dictate events.The biggest loss is the lack of voice acting; which doesn't hinder the story, but still left me a little sad since the VAs from Unhack 1 did such an amazing job bringing their characters to life. On the plus side however there's a lot more 'story' this time around which can only be a good thing; I got through the whole game in a little over 4 hours without ever pushing myself and enjoyed the entire trip; well worth a read."
,Recommended,444170,29247132,Posted: 14 January,all,KokoTenno,"If you played the first Unhack and want more, definitely consider getting this one.The puzzles play second fiddle to the story this time, but I loved it nevertheless. Fairly simple and not too hard, and move-based this time (enemies move based on your movement, ala Chocobo's Dungeon 2)Also, could never have seen that plot twist coming. Well played, Invertmouse.P.S. - this game has a ""costume mod"" for Neonya. ;)"
,Recommended,444170,33411658,Posted: 9 July,all,Shining_Falcon,"Intro: When I joined Steam in 2012, my first attempt at VNs (visual novels) and A.I. storytelling was Analogue- A Hate Story and Hate Plus. I discovered Unhack shortly thereafter and I can say with certainty that InvertMouse's series is the more accessible of the two. Both make my list for VNs that I would recommend to newcomers, but if they approach this after being introduced to anime or manga, Unhack is better choice and Unhack 2 has significant improvements.Pros:The first narrative (while simple and summarized in the first minute of the story) is the foundation for the sequel. Going from this I did not expect narrative directions that genuinely surprised me. While pushing forward to this end, Unhack 2 still finds time to respect the first game's characters; provides time to feel closure; and delivers an emotional punch to conclude the entire story. Much appreciated.The art impresses and takes leaps and bounds from the original. Excellent variety of expressions, some beautiful wallpapers and the impressive new artist mimicking and contrasting the old style using pixels, low-res/high-res images, and color work. Even more impressive when it makes narrative sense that A.I. have multiple generations of graphics for past and present.Reasonable length so it won't take too many hours out of your life (Unlike some MUCH longer VNs. Looking at youSunrider Academy).Gameplay is more interactive than the usual VN, which I appreciate. Requires skill thinking the further you get to the end. From my experience, dual-genre VNs don't often have this narrative/game balance (Again I'm looking at youSunrider Academy).By losing the voice acting, reading speed and narrative flow have improved. And if you need to hear those actresses again; there are bits of the soundtrack narrated by the original cast.And on that note, it's a damn good soundtrack.Cons (or Meh points):Considering the narrative, this will likely be the last Unhack game. It was a good ride and I'm glad it impressed me as much as it did.Looking the works of InvertMouse as a whole; I may prefer Cursed Sight and The Last Birdling slightly over Unhack, but only because I value cultural stories and there are roughly 10 well-known A.I. stories (or rather A.I. names) that I can recall in various mediums. Not for lack of trying, but I'm not 100% familiar.Summary: Thank you InvertMouse for making a phenomenal sequel. I believe this series achieved what it wanted to. A more heartfelt look at A.I. interactions with humans. Considering I can still ignore Cortana on my PC, I'd say we're safe for now and I can enjoy narrative journeys in peace. Here's hoping the future is full of friendly A.I. who aren't comprised of HAL, GLaDOS, Wheatley, SHODAN, and the Sibyl System.(Those five would terrify the hell out of me. Keep up the great work and I look forward to The Last Birdling and Without Within 3.P.S. May the mouse be ever inverted and the costume mods forever declined.Thanks for ReadingShining_Falcon (~RB)Similar Game Titles to Recommend:Analogue- A Hate Story and Hate Plus- Two other great introduction VNs. Analogue has a bit of code typing required, Hate Plus does not, but both rely on A.I. or computed-recorded Human memories to tell their story. A lot of text and a lot of diary entries to read, but it makes the emotional punch when it has to. Plus you get commentary during the game like Unhack, so good job for that. Plus they have multiple ending including an optional harem ending, which most VNs refuse to do.(requires remembering the code to a particular diary entry)All in all, worth looking into and Christine Love's earlier work.Portal, Portal 2, or System Shock 2- Other A.I. stories. Just scary, funny, and all over the place. Won't forget these ones easily.System Shock remake- Releasing in 2018- Hopefully it lives up to the legacy of the 2nd game.Ghost in the Shell (&Stand Alone Complex )The big franchise which tackles something similar to Unhack and Unhack 2. Lot of anime films, TV series, Live-action movie, or a free-to-play game to work with. Not a series I particularly enjoy, but I've only seen bits and pieces. Worth having a look since it's all on Steam now."
76561198196856937,Recommended,444170,29220438,Posted: 13 January,all,Syrric,"absolutely wonderful.i feel i don't really have enough knowledge or experience to comment on the finer details of this prodcution (my only other experience being from fate/stay from type-moon) but i truly wish to express my amazement and enjoyment of this work.the story telling was amazing. all of the twists and turns that lead to the end gripped me and i found myself sharing the same emotions as the characters. the story just grabbed me and brought me along for the ride. i found myself truly questioning everything with every twist and revelation. the ending (no spoilers here) was truly beautiful and i was tearing up as the story drew to a close.the characters were endearing and i truly feel it would be fun to get to know them if they truly existed. the way they were written to react to the situations was very well done and it was fantastic time spent going through this tale with them. If/when AI actually become a somewhat common thing, i would love to have a companion of sorts similar to one of the characters from this series.the puzzles were very different from the first game. i went through the first game just last night and beat it on insane in just about an hour, but switching to this system challenged me in a way that i was definitely not expecting. the way the puzzles changed in difficulty by adding different pieces reminded me of the first game, and as i was going through it helped me to place where i was in the world relative to the same places in the first game. despite how much i enjoy challenges and puzzles, i also appreciated that the game had the option to skip puzzles for players who were mostly along for the story. it felt like the author was saying ""there's more to this than the puzzles,"" and that is definitely true.i truly loved going through this and i know i will replay it many times in the future, and many more times if there is a sequel or added content. the story of this series is one of my personal favorites, and i believe this is a worthy sequel after the ending of the first."
76561198022049632,Recommended,444170,29292443,Posted: 16 January,all,zweckon,"Well what do we have here?A Visual Novel Style Game with hacking Gameplay that has Virtual AI Characters who guides you along the Way in your Path as ""Unhacker"" and furthermore interacts with you on some funny and ridiculous Ways.Damn count me in!!!That is what I thought when I played  Unhack 1.So is Unhack 2 a worthy sequel to Unhack 1?Of course it is and I love it!!!But there are some things that has gotten lost along the way, that I really liked in the first part.For example the Gameplay.The Gameplay in the first part was really something, not because it was especially challenging or anything along these lines. No! It was good because it fitted in the game perfectly and the Story developed during its Gameplay. This is something I really liked about Unhack 1.But as it is, the Gameplay of Unhack 2 is not really worth mentioning, its more of an decorative accessory than anything else. That was kind of a bummer to me.The lacking Voice Acting was also something that dissapointed me, especially then the prequel has it.But I understand that Indie Studios might not have always the most strechable Budgets around the Game Industry.Still I seek to hear the tired Voice of Miss Debug again, one day!But even with all my complaints I really love Unhack 2! Why you ask?Because it is a damn good Visual Novel with uniqe and interesting Characters and a Story with lots of Variety in it.The Character Development in this one is amazing, the World Building is creative and Immersive.That, as we all might know, is really hard to do in a Sci-fi World with Virtual Reallity in it and most of its Characters AIs.Of course you will not get the depth of a Visual Novel with 100+ hours reading time here.(Well even so there might be some VNs with 100+ reading Time out there that dont have the depth of this game)But for the Content that is in the Game, it is really a damn fine piece of work.It certainly is worth the money and worth the time you spent with it.I know I enjoyed it!"
76561197986529242,Recommended,444170,29262310,Posted: 14 January,all,lostpony,"I really enjoyed the story, and how it moved forward from the events in the first game.  Parts of the story really make you think about technology and A.I., in regards to how fast and advance things are becoming.  The sequel focused more on story than the minigame puzzles, but I am fine with that.  I also really enjoyed the music too.  Overall, I say that if you liked Unhack, you'll have fun with Unhack 2."
,Recommended,444170,29431852,Posted: 22 January,all,Silent Elucidator,"Unhack 1 was a really interesting VN which involved the player more with a unique puzzle mechanic.Unhack 2 follows through with a more in-depth story than the first, and I appreciated the continuation of the puzzle mechanic despite hearing the possibility of them being taken out.The story itself makes the game really worth playing as it goes into detail about how AI work in the Unhack universe, which really adds depth to events you play through and characters you interact with."
,Recommended,444170,29270120,Posted: 15 January,all,Zikrayrus,"A worthy successor to the original Unhack, if you have played the original I would strongly recommend the reader to pick this one up as well. :3"
76561198007195415,Recommended,444170,29451435,Posted: 23 January,all,Rolosch,A good take on the topic of artificial intelligence and whether or not they can be considered human. I also liked the main villains story as it is not as black and white as one might think.
,Recommended,444170,33759614,Posted: 23 July,all,Belgerum,"Solid game, took about 3.5 hours to complete.Much more story-focused than the first game, with less actual gameplay, but more dialogue. The general atmosphere and tone is much heavier, too, with less joking around. Personally, I preferred the lighter tone of the first game, but this is still a great game."
,Recommended,444170,29233087,Posted: 13 January,all,NonaSuomi,"Definitely enjoyed it, would love to see another continuation! I don't want to talk too much about the plot though, as there's a bit of a twist maybe ten or fifteen minutes in that was really interesting and set the tone for the rest of the game. Apologies in advance if this review comes off as a bit dry because of that. As for the bulk of it, the art was great, the story was engaging, the characters were likeable and memorable and the music was definitely a nice step up.The puzzle gameplay was fun, for what of it there was, but definitely believe the author when they say this is primarily a VN: there were really only a handful of puzzle segments, I don't think I kept count, but I'd guess less than ten of them in what was a four-ish hour play (granted, I've always read particularly quickly, so YMMV on actual time to completion).Last note: I would very much recommend playing the first Unhack and Unhack Destruction before this. There IS a summary of the events at the beginning, but it is... well It's functional, but it doesn't really give you the subjective feel for the characters and their relationships, and I think you might miss out on some of the subtext here or there. Also, the first game is super cheap now, and only takes a few hours to play at the VERY most, so you may as well just grab the 1+2 bundle and experience it the right way!"
76561198008588363,Recommended,444170,34537329,Posted: 27 August,all,Rekel,"Enjoyable? Yes, more then the original. Worth it's regular price? It is on the edge.Compared to Unhack the game is more story-orientated and the story is a little deeper, gracing some of the fears of AI and augmentation which make the story more enjoyable. The length of the game is reasonable, took me 3 hours including a short brake or two.But just as with Unhack I do feel that the puzzles are not at their full potential."
,Recommended,444170,29447293,Posted: 23 January,all,Brownninja97,"There are things you should understand if you come across an InvertMouse visual novel, its emotional, its very emotional but not very long. IM is quickly becoming a masterclass when it comes to the short visual novel format and this is a perfect reflection of that.Unhack 2 deals with the very apparent problems that come with AI, in the society we live in this sort of thing is going to quickly be coming into focus, AI isnt perfect because its bad by humans, its in a way a reflection of those humans, their successes their problems, their hopes and dreams and how this can all lead to ones world crashing down or becoming their greatest successes, a story for the people behind the programs that you use, the unsung heroes per say, it is a story about greed and benevolence.Music for the most part is great however there is one song at the start which seems to have been sampled badly and i could here a bit of noise which wasnt very nice but for the most part it was surprisingly good.Sadly there was no voice acting in this sequel however with the noticable increase in characters I can understand why.Artwork is as always outstanding even giving some of the top tier visual novels and artists a run for their money.Length depends on you, I read extremely fast now so I blew through it in just over 3 hours but several people were well into the 4 hour mark while reading.The puzzles serve their purpose, im indifferent about them, they work and are a bit complex towards the end.So to conclude what can I say, InvertMouse delivers again so if you remotely like visual novels then this should definately be on your list of things to read but do yourself a favour and read the first one while you are at it, it may not have the level of polish that this game has but it doesnt take long to finish and can provide better emotional ties to everything."
76561198067577760,Recommended,444170,29371125,Posted: 19 January,all,micahforbusiness,"Wright Micah Rough Build 9.8 (Steam)This unhack 2 game is very amusing even thaw there is no voice actors for people who has dyslexia this was not good. You or others. Might have to play twice to know what the hill is going on here. Like I never got that neonua was the same person who was MS director. The 1st time wen I played I was like wow Wanda & this 4th gen AI bailed him hmm rehash of unhack 1. Even just that I was confused what is the difference between gen 3 vs. 2. I bought the unhack 2 soundtrack & found this file. 20. Generation III AI - Narrated by Weedy (Xanthe Huynh) explain more in dearth.So ill have to give this 6 out of 10. This is very troublesome; without voice actors. I world give it 9 out of 10. i cound not that it tack me 2 playthowers for 10 houes. unlike my sister 2.9 hours. she understand everthing, that i miss so many key wordings. i'm saying yes only that i love the soundtrack that he even remastered some of unhack 1. even kept the many games. that i loved in unhack 1. for someone who has played unhack 1 you shold buy this sequel. and also o man his artwork is just amazing. that was will worth $2,99. thack you From Wright Micah"
,Recommended,444170,29225274,Posted: 13 January,all,Doctor Pepe,"First thing's first, I have been looking forward to this game for about a year. I love inverted mouse's works. That beening said, I don't buy every game from them only about half of theirs on steam and some dlcs.Now to begin, the story is a solid one with a few plot twists. It has more content than the first game, like InvertedMouse said it's five times as long. However, unlike the first game it doesn't have voice acting, so you can't sit back & relax on auto play. Not nessisarly a badthing, unless you have bad eyesight or really don't want to read. The story is also is three to four hours long if you take your time.Now Art & Music, the artwork is above your standard anime, in my opinion it's great. From listening I guess there are 20 tracks more or less in this game, they are okay to good. So no worrying, about tracks becoming repetitive while reading.Following we have gameplay, in unhacked 2 it takes a second seat. You get to do those unhacking, ""mini-puzzles,"" each chapter I feel is quite simple compared to thefirst game. You are also given the option to skip (I don't 100% remember if it was in unhack 1), so if you came here for a plain visual novel, cheers to you.  However, it is animprovement to see, as not everyone wants to do mini-puzzles.In conclusion/summary, unhack 2 has an increased story to the original, great art, many background tracks, and some bonus mini-puzzles. So I can proudly say I can recommend it :3"
76561198067353533,Recommended,444170,29893937,Posted: 12 February,all,SCHNUTZ,"This is a great game. Hopefully you, review reader, will play the first before this. You can really see the boost up in story telling, puzzle design and difficulty. Keep up the good work Invert. - NoFinn"
76561198204612037,Recommended,444170,29597128,Posted: 30 January,all,P_Child,"its has a great improvement in art ,story, the interests of the game and character ,i love it"
76561198019587030,Recommended,444170,29225047,Posted: 13 January,all,Soothing Darkness,This a very good story that tugged at my heatstrings.
76561198092206686,Recommended,444170,29210276,Posted: 12 January,all,アカメが斬る!,Trade cards add me all nice game btw Need 1 and 3 cards
,Recommended,444170,33470734,Posted: 11 July,all,John Smith,Unhack 2 is a true gem and I loved every minute of it. The story is long and interesting and this game has beautiful art. If you like visual novels like I do this is a must play.
76561198190303906,Recommended,444170,32052003,Posted: 29 May,all,Fate_Rasodra,"Unhack 2 comes a few years after the original game and Destruction (both of which you should play before this, since those stories are a huge part of this one). The passage of time not only shows in the story, but in how the game was developed as well. It's a much bigger, more ambitious story than the earlier games.Gameplay during the unhacking sequences has also changed. It's much more puzzle-focused, rather than requiring fast reflexes like the other games in the series. Enemies only move when you do, so planning your moves is the key to success this time around. Honestly, I prefer the earlier style of unhacking, but that doesn't make the new system bad by any stretch of the imagination.Most of the game is pure story, told in a visual novel style. The unhacking sequences break up the various chapters. These levels themselves are smaller, but the more involved puzzles create challenge and add a respectable amount of time to the game as a whole. While bigger than the earlier Unhack games, it's not a long game, and can easily be played from start to finish in one afternoon.The characters were interesting, and the story kept me guessing what would happen next. It was more complex than I expected, so that was a pleasant surprise. I won't go into any detail on that to avoid spoilers, but this game kept me interested from beginning to end.If you've played the other games, you'll probably be surprised by the changes in style and gameplay, but you'll probably also be as hooked as I was. It won't be quite what you might have expected, but it's still a world worth returning to. Welcome back, dear unhacker."
,Recommended,444170,34509958,Posted: 26 August,all,Karou,"I liked the first game for combining a fun puzzle mechanic with visual novel-style narrative, delivering a very short but very enjoyable experience,Unhack 2 however throws gameplay out of the window fully embracing the Visual Novel aspect (Gameplay sections still exist, but you can actually skip them) and I think this was a good decision.What we are left with is a heartwarming story about Artificial Intelligence, family, the relationship between humanity and technology, transhumanism and the morality of creating living feeling beings just to treat them no other than a toaster.Now, one question one might ask is ""Do I have to play the first game to get this?""My answer would be yes and no.While the game does a good enough job of giving you a ""Previously on Unhack"" it is definitely a good idea to play through the first one before going for this one.I usually only play through games one of two ways, either I play through the game in little bite sized chunks over a few weeks or even months or I sit through it in one go because the story is basically taking me hostage.Unhacked 2 was one of the latter examples.I personally was leaking fluid from my eyes by the end, I cannot recommend this more."
76561198113252190,Recommended,444170,35250822,Posted: 27 September,all,tauros113,"What a ride! The first Unhack was inexperienced and rough around the edges, but Unhack 2 improved all the best parts tenfold. The cast expanded, the plot matured, and the art is so crisp and fresh in every shot. The only real con is that the story's on the short side, but it still kept me interested all the way through. Definitely a fantastic product!"
,Recommended,444170,34925865,Posted: 13 September,all,MAGIC IS EVERYTHING,"Play Unhack 1 first. You'll appreciate this sequel and its characters much, much more.Unhack 2 is the sequel to the puzzle/VN hybrid to InvertMouse's first Unhack. While it still contains puzzles, they are much less of a focus this time around. So much less, that you can skip the puzzles entirely, but they are pretty fun, so I wouldn't recommend doing so.The art of this game has drastically improved over Unhack 1. I'm not saying the art of the original isn't up to par (Hybridmink did a very good job), but I feel Rosuuri's art fits more with the style of U2, which leans towards a more traditional VN. Also, the composer of Unhack 1 is back again, so if you liked the music of the first game, you'll definitely be in for a treat.Story is really interesting in how it deals with the concept of sentient AI. I can tell InvertMouse put a lot of research into this topic while creating the game. Like I said before, you really do need to play Unhack 1 to get the most out of this game (it's $5 incl. its DLC and takes less than 2 hours to complete). In this sequel, the Creator returns with a brand new AI companion to battle a mysterious new evil and her clones(or so it seems...). If there's one thing that stands out above the rest, it's definitely the character developments. Although they might be sentient AI, you can't help but grow attached to and root for them, especially the characters from U1. There's also a  lot of philsophical development and moral questioning, which ties in to the brilliant story and really gets you thinking about the future of AI in real life.Despite all of this story focus, Unhack 2 is still a little on the short side (though I might argue that it's the perfect length for a kinetic VN). I cleared it in around 3-4 hours without many breaks.I recommend getting the Complete Edition bundle. It includes both games, artbooks, and the soundtrack of U2 (you can get the soundtrack of the prequel for free separately)."
