user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,444590,32353789,Posted: 11 June,all,Chongo,"An experience I was suprised to see come at such a small price, I cannot believe this was the efforts of such a small team.Just beat my first play through, with multiple endings and the option of new game plus I can definitly reccomend this finely tuned hack and slash adventure, with it's reasonably wide areas for such a small indie game there is no reason to not pick it up for it's price.The only issue i could say is the lack of enemy variety, it becomes a bit more noticable after the two hour mark."
,Recommended,444590,23546932,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Lintire,"Shrouded in Sanity is the relatively recent one-man project that claims to be inspired by Dark Souls, Resident Evil, Eternal Darkness, Bloodborne, probably Hellboy and Prey at this rate. Throw in Pride and Prejudice while we're at it, why not.Like most indie games, Shrouded in Sanity isn't so much inspired as it is brewed in a beaker Powerpuff Girls style with its roots wholesale vomited into the concotion. Chemical X in this case being ""lack of money"" resulting in lowest resolution for pixel art since the original Wolfenstein.Unlike most other examples of hyper-deriviative titles, Shrouded in Sanity is fun and well worth playing.Fast-paced action is the name of the game. You've got your i-framed roll, which you'll be using a lot less than you think, guard, which you'll be using a lot more than you think, two types of parries (although only the sword parry is particularly useful), and just the one weapon because it's a one-man project and some slack is going to be cut.With the enemy variety in tow and the gamepad in hand, Shrouded in Sanity easily stayed entertaining over multiple playthroughs. You've got tools for every situation, enemy placement changes throughout the game and the enemy variety is more than I think anyone expected.It's not without caveats though. One major caveat that has permeated a lot of its ilk.First, a little history:King's Field is a 1994 first person aRPG released by FromSoftware. In it, you had only one attack and could easily stunlock enemies. To balance this, they incentivized charging up attacks for much more damage. This charge was dictated by a stamina bar. This worked well, since it replenished almost immediately.In 2009, Demon's Souls, famously originally just a third-person King's Field for modern consoles, continued this tradition with the stamina bar, and as a cute twist made it horrible. Now, every action depleted stamina. Rolling, blocking, attacking, and it took forever to replenish. Multiple seconds of doing nothing after depleting it.Now, 2016, Shrouded in Sanity takes this system and may be the worst iteration of it I've seen yet. Replenishment time has been slowed to a crawl - more if you ""Exhaust"" yourself - and multiple times I found myself landing a parry just to stand there like a lemon and wait for this arbitrary meter to recharge.This isn't fun. This has never been fun. The idea that you just walk around after every clash is dumb, it kills the pacing of the fights. Action points, stamina, whatever Transistor uses, it's the dumbest idea I've seen to work itself into action games. We have ways to balance player damage - combos with recovery times, ""pushback"" on enemies that allow them to retort, these have been around longer than the stamina system.""Do what you were contracted to do, and slay the fog. Get to it""- WalthamAfter finishing the game once, you'll have the choices of NG+, which adds a billion more traps, enemy placements, and otherwise alters stats predictably (you'll want to be like Rank 20 before taking it on) and the recent Boss Modes, which are fantastic.From the First Knight Len,To the Second Knight Gray,To the Third Knight Hito,To SARAGATWell worth it, and they give you more reason to explore the fantastic map. Built around a single checkpoint, the manor and grounds is riddled with shortcuts, multiple routes (allowing you to tackle any major boss whenever you want, even when you think you can't) secret rooms, easter eggs, and lore for the story.While it more or less gives the game away almost immediately with enemy upgrade chances and the open-ended nature of the map itself, Shrouded in Sanity reserves a few surprises on both the domestic character motivation level and the cosmic level for the overall story. Some of which require maxing out the sanity meter.The best way to do this is to die. Which leads to some hilarious endgame hijinks of barrelling straight into the same enemy's most powerful attack.Art is exactly what it looks like. Aliased, binary character art and anti-aliased background art continue to jar to the end of time, although there are a few instances where it's used well-ish. Animations, some poor/nonexistent telegraphs aside (look at you, basic Hunter slash) are well above what you'd expect for a one-man project.Which about sums up Shrouded in Sanity. Well above what you'd expect. I went in expecting a mediocre deriviative product and came out with something that leaked effort from every orifice.If you can stomach low production values and the pricetag, this is a game well worth playing."
,Recommended,444590,32007277,Posted: 27 May,all,VulpusAlbus,"A mix of metroidvania layout (but with most areas accessible right from the start), dark souls - like combat system, bloodborne style, Lovecraft inspired lore, open-world (a really small one, but the same idea).I find the game worth it, if you like old style games like that.Pros:+ Map layout is very logical and belivable. Though it takes some time to get used to how it's organized.+ It was really interesting to explore old-style. Drawing my own map while playing.+ Combat system is simple, but provides equally good options and is working fine. All combat actions are available from the start.+ Leveling system is effective, you feel the difference while leveling. Though level 1 run seems to be doable.+ Lore is intriquing, even though it's provided in  hints scatterd anywhere.+ Several game mechanics are not explained at all (I belive on purpose), finding them feels is cool.+ Can play through the whole game as bosses ^-^+ ng+ gives endless arena mode and a super difficult boss fight.Cons:- Map layout will take time to understand. There are some flaws that make it not obvious till you understand it.- Some visuals seem to be too out of place. Or I just failed to understand them. Like huge piles of red pulsating something, or super huge eyes floating around and staring at you. WTF is that and why is it there? There are not many rooms like that, but when I saw that, I didn't like that.Depends:* No inventory. Not a big deal for me, but might be a problem for someone.* Retro graphics. Fine for me, but might scare some."
76561197996678922,Recommended,444590,22951711,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Pscion Piper (Julie),"Died in the tutorial, quite a few times.Died in the kitchen from tentacled slimes.Died to mad butlers with firey slashes.Died to cloaked figures, who burned me to ashes.Died to a duelist from a shot in the back.Died to a maid with a cleaver attack.Walked into spike traps, slashed with some scissors;a strange eyeball-man blasted me in the gizzards!Plays great; quite addicting; a 9 out of 10.Quite hard, but feels worth it... died. Would die, again!"
76561198053149751,Recommended,444590,33141031,Posted: 2 July,all,caw caw,"Really enjoyed the game, definitely give it a tryPros-The Lovecraftian atmosphere is fantastic-The combat is fun and mastering it is fun too-The boss fights are all fairly unique and cool-The map is interesting to explore, although not sure where I'd find a church, catacomb and mansion within the same 100 meter radius-The game changes the more you die due to the sanity mechanic, which lead to some interesting encounters-Multiple endings-New Game +Cons-Ran into a few graphical errors on my 3840 x 2160 monitor that made it unplayable originally, which I could only fix by changing my monitors resolution every time I wanted to play (although this could just be MY monitor, coz this wouldn't be the first time it bugged out)-One boss fight is drastically more difficult than all the others (including the final boss). I liked the fight, but it might put some people off-There isn't a lot of enemy varietyOverall, it has its flaws but you'll have a great time anyway"
,Recommended,444590,22666621,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Hawk Zombie,"UPDATED REVIEWA well-crafted souls-type clone. Two of my main concerns: punishing difficulty with little reward and no tutorial have since been addressed after my first writing of this review a month ago. The tutorial is basic, but it serves it's purpose well. It also is a good place to get some Vitae initially. And it seems (it could just be time since I last played playing tricks on me) but the amount of vitae dropped is much more than before and feels like a just reward for trading blows.The aesthetic is something I liked quite a bit. Something about the pixel art style really lends itself to this game. The enemies are well designed, but I found some of the areas a bit muddy while others were very detailed.I liked it. A lot. It's sort of a Souls clone, but not really. Many errors and shortcomings have been addressed and quickly. The developer is also highly attentive; a bug was reported in the forums and fixed within minutes. I've decided to keep the game for that reason alone.NEW EDITI have started to play more to give my review both more credibility and to give the game a much more fair shake now that it is out of EA. I stand by my review: the game has ironed out many of its rough parts, feels solid, and it is the kind of exploratory game that others would enjoy immensely.TLDR: Buy this game for the current price? Worth it IMO if you enjoy challenge and exploration with a creepy atmosphere."
,Recommended,444590,34518072,Posted: 26 August,all,Cyber Seraph,"Shrouded in Sanity is a lovingly crafted, intriguing adventure that draws inspiration from classic survival horror games and modern action RPG's such as Dark Souls.At a glance, it's clear the game was created by a small (if passionate and imaginative!) team; there are a few technical issues in regards to the responsiveness of the riposte system, certain animation cycles, and several grammar mistakes in dialogue that show a forgiveable lack of polish.Don't let that dissuade you. The game's length and quality are more than commensurate to its price point, and a multitude of extra gameplay options and several endings offer incentives to revisit it past your first play-through."
,Recommended,444590,33732437,Posted: 22 July,all,Salantor,"This game inspirations are obvious. It has combat revolving around stamina management, dodges, learning enemies patterns and precise attacks. It has monsters that can and will (almost) insta kill you, but also allows you to roll away and heal with limited number of medpacks. It has death related resource that is dropped after death, monsters respawn after using save point and from the beginning you have access to almost every room and area except for few specific parts, like bosses lairs.So yeah, it is like Dark Souls - or, to be more specific, Bloodborne, with its mad enemies, blood, insanity and cosmic horror themes, and XIX century Victorian era aestethics - but with waaaaay lower budget and one man's dev team. But it's very sincere soulsborne clone, that nails it's sad, oppresive atmosphere perfecly, has quite big world to explore and memorize (shortcuts, secrets and interesting lore included), and offers nice bonuses like NG+ (if you want to discover all endings) or fight chalenges. There is also some Ethernal Darkness and Resident Evil inside the mix, but the Souls part is the strongest.Because it's low budget one man's team project some of the graphics are a bit too simple (except for backgrounds, those are quite lovely in horrific kind of way), animations lack frames, combat is clunky and too simplistic (only one sword, only one gun, only one light roll style. On the other hand you can stun and stab enemies and also counter their attacks, which is always nice), there is no equipment management and stats one is very basic, enemies lack variety (by that I mean I saw the same enemies in too many places), assets reusing is painfully obvious and there is some small, but irritating design choices / bugs (enemies can attack you seconds before you change rooms, you can't pick up items that dropped at the door et cetera). But as far as cheap soulsclones goes this one is solid and worth picking up."
,Recommended,444590,31519728,Posted: 3 May,all,Faized,"I'm at about ten hours in and I've already cleared out the game three times - and I likely have another four times to go before I'll finally call it done. It's a fantastically fun game, for all the problems the it has - a few glitches here and there, crashes, extreme balancing issuesBuilding damage trumps literally all other stats for the way that I playas well as a hatred for Steam Broadcasting, I've had a hell of a time playing this. The Lovecraftian themes, the visual style, and the fact that it's clearly a bloodborne riff makes the undeniably small manor more than acceptable. You'll die, a lot. And in NG+ even more. But with the scale of the mansion you're in you're barely ever more than four loading transitions away from your corpse - if that, making death a relatively cheap inconvenience when you've learned enemy movements.Fun game. For the price it was worth it. You could eat a decent meal out, or you can have upwards of twenty plus hours of fun with an alright, basically unheard of game."
76561198136867176,Recommended,444590,28884697,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,RiverFlows,pixel bloodborne
,Recommended,444590,30183554,Posted: 25 February,all,o⠀n⠀e,"I can assure you that much time will pass until you see another example of a little marvel like this. What we have here is a combination of one person's dedication, craftmanship and enviable fantasy that bloomed while exploiting given limitations. And that is a recipe for a work of art. The game is short, the story is simple and the mechanics are too much ""souls-like"", but those will not feel as negatives, because playing this game you will notice little details that will make you admire it deeply. How the form of a souls-game is implemented in this exquisite pixel art game, what stunning new ideas the developer had, and what unique atmosphere he created with his mixture of inspirations are some general examples. It has some flaws (when enemy dies near the exit, its remains are uncollectible, and the game feels ultra hard on the beginnig and ultra easy when you progress), but the contract, the way of collecting the ""souls"" (and what are those), the clock of (in)sanity, the disruption of monsters that resembles a mixture of The Thing and Hellraiser, all the secret recesses of the manor you do not have to visit, but will be eager to explore, and some surprising achievements will stay with you for a long time. Even if you will never come back to this game, every time you will see it while scrolling through your library, you will think ""oh, this was a great game""."
76561198220433488,Recommended,444590,33816517,Posted: 26 July,all,Lord of Yaoi,"This game, to be short, is amazing. And now that a sequel is confirmed; (I know I'm late writing this, shush) I am ecstatic. Just everything about SiS invoked emotion in one form or another. Whether it be fear from the environments, (and the sight of bosses, haha...) anger at that one last death that was ""just such ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥,"" joy at the beautiful soundtrack, or sadness at realizing, ""oh♥♥♥♥♥♥♥I just killed all my future allies."" I loved it by and far, and I'm willing to bet, since this game knocked my socks off, Usurper will be knocking off my whole feet!"
,Not Recommended,444590,23909839,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,The Sound of Dunder,"I really wish I could recommend this game more. I seriously do. I love its style and genuinely creepy atmosphere. I wanted to get more into it because I wanted to know what was going on in the story.Unfortunately the sound design and feel of the combat is lacking a lot. When you hit an enemy, there's little audio indication. The risky but powerful counter attacks have a pretty weak stabbing sound with it and generally feels kind of anemic. Getting hit almost has no register, either, which is a huge problem because you'll be getting wailed on and you won't know it.The combat really wants to be Dark Souls, and for the most part it does a decent job of it, but it lacks all of the punch of it in the combat. Landing critical attacks in Dark Souls games feels goddamn awesome, and that's mostly because of that loud kind of clanging sound that plays. It has a huge amount of impact, and that sort of thing is missing in Shrouded in Sanity."
76561197988110348,Recommended,444590,23239880,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Just2McMuffin,"Was waiting a long time for this. Kinda disapointed since the resolution is so, lets say, unoptimized.But basicly, you play as a clunky Sepiroth that woke up in the Bloodborne universe and have to go visit Luigis Mansion for some reason. I would give more details but since the resolution is so off, i can hardly read the text that explains what the ""story"" is.I like the ideas that the creator/creators had. Only played like 10min or so, going to play more, but I rather play it when it's done than an ""unlisted early access"". The game needs a lot of polish, the movement is being blocked by angles near walls, you cant fight near walls since your sword will get blocked by the terrain and so on.All and all, I'd say its interesting, even if it has copied like 80% from bloodborne (combat, enviroment, resources , characters and so on... of what i've seen so far ). But I'll keep an eye on this for now and future development. WELL WORTH the price though (at release almost 6,79€ at sale, 7,99€ full price ), so if you are a Dark soul / Bloodborne fanatic like me. Give it a try.My nice and naughty list:+Good sound+Pixel Art+Interesting concept-Clunky movement-Combat is subpar ( you can counter enemies but they immidiatly attack back and they cant be staggered)-resolution~Feels like to much is ripped from other IPs ( altough i guess its hard to come up with new things in this day and age)It feels like this game would have been much better if it was compleatly 2D with just left,right and a jump button. I understand the idea of ""exploration"", although it feels like as the game is right now, it just shoots it self in the foot, so to say."
76561198023117872,Recommended,444590,33068780,Posted: 30 June,all,Dacoo,"I really enjoyed this game.  Keep that in mind as I go into the criticism.Good+Pixel are is excellent+I wouldn't say that that the music is my favorite, but it fits the game well+The environment gives a spooky feel that fits+The combat is fun and, although the game is short, there is lots to give it replay value.+4 extra characters to play as once the game has been beaten that are very different.+A good challenge that causes you to be very careful at first, making the most of the atmosphere.Not so good-The game is fairly buggy.  Nothing game breaking, but it can throw the mood.  Examples:  I had major graphical isues after installing and had to reinstall to get it to work right.  I have had it crash on me about once for every hour that I've played.  I beat the game the first time through without understanding the story fully because of a glitch that allowed me to go to the last boss before going to the scene.  A number of other small things.-There are a lot of techniques in the game that are supposed to be important (I think from the way they are communicated in the tutorial) that I found to be totally unnecessary ***Minor spoilers - I just about never dodge rolled or parried.-I felt like the game changed from being a survival mission to me going on a slaughtering romp very quickly. By about an hour in, the survival aspect was pretty much gone as I was way too powerful.-With all of the polish in the graphics, the quantity of typos and such was confusing.  The polish in some areas is thrown off but no polish in others.-Of said extra characters, one is absurdly more powerful than the others, which allowed me to beat the ultimate challenge about 30 minutes into a new game.All-in-all, a fun game that can be beaten quickly in a single sitting.  There are some really fun ideas.  Great action, exploration and atmosphere."
76561198068648180,Recommended,444590,34883542,Posted: 11 September,all,Master of Suicide™,"There I sat, thinking I would just play through another Soulless Soulslike and revel in the beauty of 2,5 D pixel bloodborne.And ohhh boy was I wrong!I started the game at a normal time in the evening but was not able to get away from it before it was two hours after midnight and I was sitting in a pitch-black room with only my monitor giving some light.This game feels like something crafted with uttermost passion and it is packed with beautiful little details.But I know you want the juicy numbers, instead of a ramble text. So here you have them, revel in their existence.CategoryScore 0 to 10Artstyle9Sound9Gameplay8World/Atmosphere10Interface6Performance7So there you have the numbers...happy now?A quick sentence to each category to explain the scores would help in my eyes so here we go:Artstyle 9 out of 10The Art style is pixel art in its whole pixelated glory. There is still room for improvement, but as it is now it's a strong pillar of the game quality.Sound 9 out of 10Soundtrack is very fitting, and adds a lot to the atmosphere, only problem here are your steps when walking on snow. They feel out of sync with the actually steps and are kind of annoying. The sound is equally well done as the artwork.Gameplay 8 out of 10Quite good and solid gameplay, takes some time to get used to and is fairly limited in the number of moves you have. But there are enough to keep the combat from feeling boring or stiff. There are some minor problems, like walking into rooms and getting hit instantly, but a quick roll as soon as you enter normally solves this^^I highly advice to experiment with all the moves and tools you get, as everyone has its value and will help somewhere quite considerably.World/Atmosphere 10 out of 10All the care that went into art style and music really pays off here, as well as all the little hints and details about the story and world. It feels amazing whenever I understand a new part of the whole place, and it is even more amazing as I know that all these things will play some part in the next game of this developer. One of the most important parts of any game with a soulslike death mechanic, the lore explanation for the immortality/reviving of the protagonist after death is really well done here…this goddammed watch, I always stare at it with horror as it ticks forward scarred of what shall happen…Interface 6 out of 10While not broken the interface is far from being intuitive and is easily the weak point of the game. There is no sign to tell when a dialog is over, textboxes from picking up lost vitea can easily block the view over characters/enemies and the interface for choosing different actions when talking to someone feels kind of to awkward to navigate. But the important parts, like the main menu are working just fine and even when something feels unintuitive it still does what it is supposed to as soon as you understand how to use it. So, while bad at certain places, it does not manage to take much away from the experience as a whole.Performance 7 out of 10I played through the game without any problems at all, but since then I can’t start it without crashing. The developer promised a bugfix in around a week or so, and it seems to only affect win10 laptops of a certain kind. But because of the refund system that steam has I do not see this as a problem, if it does not work just give it back. Otherwise no lags or even small bugs or glitches in my playthrough. If the Bug is fixed I will obviously change this part of the review.Final WordsWhile surely not a game for those who are unwilling to learn and maybe suffer a bit on the way, it is a good choice for all those that like pixelart, passion fuelled projects and a dark atmosphere.Thanks for reading, if you still have unanswered questions regarding the game feel free to ask.Now just get the game and sign the contract.It’s for the best.Trust me.Master of Suicide"
76561197984609900,Recommended,444590,24122097,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Rhydok,"It took me about an hour to get the hang of the mechanics and I notice no negative reviewers managed to play that long.  I almost gave it up myself right around the hour mark because it just didn't seem fun or rewarding, but once you get used to it, it's a lot of fun!Some pro tips (found some of this in the forums):1.  Dash attacks are your friend; they are quite powerful and simple to use2.  Parry is also going to play a key role in defeating your enemies3.  After a parry/gunshot, the enemy is stunned enough for about 4 strikes plus the critical strike, so have at them!4.  Along those lines, hits combo, so more hits in a row mean more damage; this is important!5. At first it seems weird that you cannot attack up or down, but the sword swipe is wide enough that you don't really need to; it just takes some getting used to6.  You have a flashlight!  Took me awhile to find out about that:) Press up on the gamepad.  This will also highlight when an enemy can be interrupted.7.  Slight spoiler that aided me in feeling a sense of progression and purpose to taking down the bad guys:there is an npc that will sell you the upgrade stonesI definitely recommend giving this game a try with those things in mind.  I also quite enjoy the bits of lore scattered about.  There is quite an interesting tale to be uncovered within this game.Also, the developer is awesome and super committed; found a small thing and he fixed it ASAP!Update:  Ahh!  I can't stop playing this game!  Secret rooms, secret boss, speed runs, making my character ridiculously powerful!  Such a blast!  And the lore/story is superb!  Currently my fastest run is 3:08 (maybe I'll break 3 min!), but that is with an overpowered character.  Taking your time, exploring, reading all the notes and what not, I think it was about 8 hours, maybe 10 for my first run through."
76561198051925516,Recommended,444590,24873761,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,RexIvan,"If I was making the list ""games from 2016  that didn't get the attention they deserved"" then this would be somewhere in the top three.  How is it that so few people know about this game?  I think the dev needs to hone some new advertising techniques, because I honestly can't imagine anyone in the target audience not loving this amazing little gem.Let's get something completely clear right now:  this game is hard, and it doesn't care if it makes you cry.  You're more than likely going to die, repeatedly, just trying to complete the tutorial.  This will be a theme throughout the entirety of this experience.  However, much like the games that inspired it (Demon's Soul, Dark Souls, and Blood Borne) it *is* fair, provided you're able to master the controls for the combat mechanics.To address the other issue some people might have with this game:  yes, this is basically a 2D, side-scrolling, pixel art version of Blood Borne.  However, it dives into that persona so deeply, and bathes in the atmosphere so thoroughly, that I found myself not caring how closely it got to mimicking its inspirational source material.The dev got the spirit of the game just right, with the brutal difficulty being framed by the gorgeous, yet decaying, Victorian age backdrops.  The variety and detail put into the settings and backgrounds makes for a wonderful treat for horror fans, and that's exactly what this is:  a Gothic horror action-RPG.  The main antagonist's motivations are horrifying, as are the end results of those motivations, as are the actions taken to stop said antagonist, and so on.  It's a giant chain of madness that gets continually more F***ed up, until the notion of a zombie swinging around a sword-cane to chop up a room full of murder-maids actually sounds fairly mundane compared to the rest of the stuff that's going on.I also want to mention the backstory of the setting.  It's in an alternate universe where certain historical events went very differently than our own world.  This is a subtle story element that is never directly touched upon, but only hinted at as you find various documents and books scattered around the estate.  It's a little thing and doesn't effect game play, but it's still a nice touch, giving the in-game world a tiny extra boost of immersion.In summation, I recommend it.  Apparently this is the dev's first game (yes, this game was a one man production, minus the musical score).  He's currently working on another right now, and after the performance of this one, I'm going to be anticipating great things from this guy."
,Not Recommended,444590,25520162,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,t. mike,"The gameplay isn't remotely balanced. That's a bit key if you're making a Souls-like, isn't it?Shrouded in Sanity is a decent game, particularly coming from a single developer, but it has a wealth of problems that keep me from recommending it. In addition to the gameplay just not feeling complete, the level design ranges from quaint to hideous to blindingly repetitive, and the writing chops on display are -- no pun intended -- soulless.One-on-one combat is alright; decently fast-paced. If multiple enemies enter the fray, combat tends to turn into button mashing and a race to either escape or separate enemies. Speaking of escaping, you can bypass all non-boss combat by running away. Could be cool, but it's clearly not intended. Fighting enemies will consist of quick sword swipes, heavy sword swipes (pointless -- they don't do much more damage and put you at risk of attack), and either dodging or blocking attacks, coupled with the chance to parry enemies using a gun or timed-attacks a la Buttborne / Dark Souls.More likely you'll choose to either roll or block exclusively rather than combining tools during your enemies' frenetic onslaughts, making whichever you don't use a pointless addition to the gameplay. The gun is also useless except for one or two specific bosses, who, due to poor design choices, open their arms wide to welcome a stunning bullet over and over and over and over without break. (Think Gothic 3's awful stunlocking boars, or, more accurately, getting to be that stunlocking boar.) Enemies who themselves sport guns aren't programmed correctly, and instead of offering any attempt at challenge, run up to your avatar and fire in the wrong direction until you kill them. (This includes a boss!)The game's full of poor or incomplete design choices like that. Admirable for a single dev with an eye for Souls' formula, sure, but still glaring -- annoying -- faults.The art style itself ranges from beautiful to hideously drab. Mostly this impacts the level design. Room by room, most of the game's Victorian setting look too similar, making some halls and rooms almost indistinguishable from one another. Moving between rooms isn't consistent, either -- you'll enter a south-facing doorway (i.e., 'down'), and the next screen that loads will reposition the world so you're entering from the E, W, or even S. Your view repositions itself a lot, which is...just a bizarre decision. Some rooms and some objects are an ugly mash of pixels that require poorly-written text to explain that Yes, you're looking a a dead body and Yes, it had lots and lots of stab wounds and a gunshot wound.On the topic of the writing: My god.The storytelling potential in games is often key to me, even over gameplay, and the developer shows no interest in constructing an interesting world with this game. You play a hunter with a contract: Raised from the dead with enforced nebulousness, you're to banish the fog oppressing the gameworld by defeating four knights and disposing -- blah blah blah -- of a corrupted king. The narrative and the in-game text are mostly meaningless word-vomit stolen from Buttborne or Lovecraft, with no care or even real interest underlying them. You can almost feel the train of thought behind some of the misspelled text: ""Didn't Lovecraft write about something called Nyarlathaloops and it had some Egyptian Illuminati thingy on it? That'd be cool here. Breasts are cool, too, so this room should get a lot of text explaining that these books contain my porn collection. Hmm, 'The book is just lots of obscene sexual acts....' Yeah, that sounds cool, and the ellipsis sells it. This room will explain to the player that it has 'impossible geometry' because that sounds cool, too, and Lovecraft is cool.""Most of the in-game text serves no purpose, nor does it add to the game's lore: It's all about telling, not showing. Interacting with objects simply describes that you're looking at blood; that this one body among hundreds has a bullet wound in it; that this chalkboard equation looks 'inefficient' -- whatever the heck that's supposed to mean to the player or player character; that this room simply is ""...impossible geometry,"" despite the ""geometry"" in question being your run-of-the-mill Tetris blocks. It's just...braindead and boring. And rife with spelling errors and run-on sentences and broken English and characters MUAH-HAH-HAAAAHHHHHHH-ing at the player while twirling their insane mustaches. Yeugh.Shrouded in Sanity scratches the Souls itch once you've exhausted From Software's modern catalogue, sure, but only for 3-4 hours, and not nearly to the degree of some other 2016 titles. I'd still recommend this for the curious and those just desperate for the genre, but players are better off trying Momodora IV (an easy GOTY contender), DarkMaus, and Salt & Sanctuary first.not-quite-buttborne/10."
,Not Recommended,444590,23808246,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,DEATH,"This game is much harder than you would think. Especially if compared to games like Bloodborne and Dark Souls which this game draws heavily from. Most enemies in this game can kill you in a few hits. A full combo from an enemy will kill you. There doesn't seem to be much use for the currency that you gain from enemies (it's not used to increase stats) so you won't be getting any stronger through grinding. The stamina in this game drains very quickly and takes forever to go back up, this results in often having to walk around the room waiting for it to go back up before you can attempt another attack or dodge. The blocking is completely useless as it drains your stamina down in just a few hits and will leave you open to receive damage. The Heavy attack is the slowest attack i've ever seen and because you can be interupted during the lengthy wind up, you will probably never hit anything with it. Enemies take way too many hits and trying to hit them more then once before retreating results in stamina depletion. So overall, the combat is a mess. Enemies swing around repeatedly and you have to deal with ridiculous stamina restraints. While some enemies do seem to have a cool down period, something like stamina depletion i guess, it pops up randomly and very briefly and can backfire when you attempt to attack them during this.A sad waste to the otherwise decent assets the game has. Graphics lack polish but they get the job done. There isn't any music besides a few weak boss tunes. Sounds need improvement as well. Even for the low price, i don't recommend this. I died so many times, mostly when fighting multiple enemies as the combat flaws really stack up during those moments. The boss fights are ridiculous. Pretty repetitive boss movesets but they deal 90% of your health in a single hit while I was doing maybe 2% of the bosses health per hit. The combat wouldn't be so bad if it weren't for the crippling stamina system. This game is in deseparate need of rebalancing and polishing."
76561198058611095,Recommended,444590,25198462,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,NegativeSpace3,"Ah, a game well tailored to my tastes. As an avid fan of ""classic"" horror that was more atmospheric in nature, as well as the Gothic genre and high difficulty, I was absolutely enamored with the game once I fully started. Yes, comparisons have been made to Bloodborne and Castlevania, but I hardly see this as completely derivative su much as a little love letter to both. Furthermore, this is as much about combat as exploration- a huge manor that, through looking around, unveils the disturbing and terrifying history of the place. Set in an alternate timeline of history, this world is created to be very unsettingly and uncomfortable at times. The Lovecraft influence is stong, but enjoyable. Combat takes time to get used to, but is ultimately satisfying. The art looks really good, and the story had some really impressive moments in it. The sanity mechanic is also well-done and made the game much more interesting because of it. So I support this game fully (plus a really involved developer is awesome!). Seriously, buy it!"
76561198069375113,Recommended,444590,25360690,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,gigamercer,"If you are a fan of the souls series than I definitely recommend this game and, even if you aren't, I still think you will have some fun with it. Absolutely worth 8$."
76561198046265419,Recommended,444590,28600255,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Necrophobia,"Shrouded in Sanity is an interesting little game with major influences from Bloodborne, as well as several other games. It feels rather similar to The Last Door, if you have played that game, except that it a side on brawler as opposed to a point and click.Firstly, there is an unfortnately common bug with the engine which causes the game to be unable to start. There is a fix in the forum.The game contains 5 bosses in the main storyline, and also has an optional boss. All these bosses feel interesting and unique from one another, which is an area where other ""Souls-Like"" games often fail. The game world is extremely small, however. It focusses entirely on a 4 storey manor and the gardens surrounding it. The game took me just under 4 hours to beat in a single sitting, and everything feels really close together. This isn't helped by the fact that you spawn in in the middle of the map, so nothing feels particularly far away. Regardless, the lack of a map and the constant perspective changes make it difficult to navigate and I would often end up back going around in circes without even realising I had doubled back on myself. The game is in desperate need of a map.When I first started the game up, I thought that it was far too difficult. Even standard enemies can combo you to be close to dead but, as with any good game with difficulty this high, it seems to get easier as you go on as you master the mechanics of the game. Whereas the first boss I fought utterly destroyed me multiple times, by the end I had defeated two of the bosses first try. This is a game where it's gratifying to ""git gud"".One of the game's big unique mechanics is how sanity works. Basic enemies have a slight chance to instead spawn as more powerful  counterparts. The lower your sanity, the greater this chance. By the end of the game, it wasn't uncommon to walk into a room filled with powerful enemies where I had expected just a few easy kills. Sanity is decreased by using upgrade materials and by dying (I think - this is never openly explained). I found this mechanic interesting and it kept me on my toes.The soundtrack is not bad, but neither is it really something to go out of your way for. The same can be said for the story - it does its job but doesn't exactly enthrall me.The other major complaint I have about the game, besides its length, is the fact that you cannot customise the gear you are using. It would have been nice to be able to use something besides the katana and pistol - which I almost never used anyway. Riposteing doesn't do enough damage for it to be worth putting yourself at risk for. It doesn't even knock enemies to the ground, so they can attack you as soon as the risposte animation is finished, often without you having the chance to get out of the way first.Still, Shrouded in Sanity is a neat little game that is well worth your time, if you don't mind the lack of polish in some areas."
,Recommended,444590,28792174,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Tibasu,"A retro bloodborne is the best way I can describe this game. You can tell right away where it gets inspiration from. The combat can be quick, but if taken lightly, you will be punished harshly. Enemies are a bit telegraphed when it comes to their attacks, but being hit by one will surely be noticed. The atmosphere is dreary, dark, and adds a bit of fear of the unknown as you travel.If you enjoy a difficult game, the combat of Bloodborne, and want something similar but also different enough to have it's own charm, then try this game outhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ux_0l8mDMzc"
76561198045767377,Recommended,444590,28952146,Posted: 2 January,all,BLOODREDSKY,"Its a shame steam doesnt have a ""Meh"" rating because this game is definetly not bad but its not too good either. If you expect a ""Souls-Like"" game you´re in the wrong place. The artstyle is very beatiful theres no arguing about that but the thing i didnt like about the game is that it gets to repetitive (at least for my taste). You´ve got only two weapons (pistol and sword) and the moveset for them is very limited (fast attack, heavy attack, block, parry and shooting obviously). Running through the mansion gets tiring in my opinion (a map of some sort would be nice). The game has a couple of good things about it to smooth it out so to say. I like the Bloodborn-ish feeling it has. The sanity system is something rather unique. The artstyle is very nice. I wont give this game a bad rating because i can see how much work was put into it but different weapons like a heavy sword would be a good addition. All in all i´ll give this game a solid 7/10."
76561197972310636,Recommended,444590,28993180,Posted: 3 January,all,HunterGerhart,"""Shrouded in Sanity"" is the beat-em-up of Soulslike games mired in eldrich horrors.While the artwork is simplistic in its design, the aescetic comes across as both functional & readable. Some of you may be put off by that alone, however such a design choice makes sence for development time as animation can be one of the largest parts of development for 2D characters. No awards on a technical level.Exploring the mansion was the larger portion of the game, navigating until one comes across the several bosses needed in order to progress. You have limited healing & limited ammo; all of which is replenished at one of the two 'bonfires.' Depending on how power hungry you are the environment becomes more threatening. The difficulty will similarly increase with dying or just being good at the game (...the how would be telling.)Bosses were varied in difficulty, some predictable with obvious patterns of punishment,with others offering sudden variety to the conflict as the fight went on. Battles will feel 'bullet spongey' if light attacks are your go-to for offence. The game wonderfully connects lesser enemies to upcoming bosses, never leaving you unprepared for the blind first-attempt.In summary ""Shrouded in Sanity"" is a short yet enjoyable challenge with incentive for multiple playthroughs."
,Recommended,444590,29623289,Posted: 1 February,all,One Winged Thanatos,"Awesome game, its pretty much an indie version of bloodborne, the mechanics are nowhere near as polished but its a really nice game regardless, and you can play as the bosses once you unlock them, wich is awesome and in my opinion makes up for the lack of different weapons.Im sure that if you like lovecraftian tales of madness or the mechanics of the souls games you will find something to enjoy in this game, and even if you dont its still worth a try at least, truly nice game, a bit short (2-4 hours, maybe more if you go for NG+) but its cheap anyways so I recommend it at full price."
,Recommended,444590,32396638,Posted: 13 June,all,WetTouchⓒ,"Advice for playing this game do not play it in one try, i just kept getting mad and almost refunded. It takes a bit getting used to but this game is really fun, has great music, nice level design as well as a fantastic atmosphere. The enemies are very different from each other and i just love variety except that eyeball guy that flips everything around, f**k that guy. I also really love that you can play as the knights after you beat them really changes the whole game. I love how rewarding it is to parry someone and just shrug off other attacks when you go for the visceral attack because of the invincibility frames. One stipulation i do have when you are running you cannot roll, so if i am running and want to dodge i have to stop running and then roll but its just minor. Looking forward to you making another game."
76561198044275280,Recommended,444590,33297790,Posted: 5 July,all,animefan20,"Feels a lot like a top down Bloodborne. Good world design and aesthetics. A little rough around the edges technically, but the good design shines through."
76561198070887333,Recommended,444590,35239227,Posted: 27 September,all,The Fortune Teller,"Shrouded in Sanity is a magnificent little gem of a game that I stumbled upon by accident, and I consider myself fortunate to have done so. It is a wonderful action/adventure/rpg with clear influences by Bloodborne, as well as the Souls series, utilizing the aforementioned game's sense of constant danger, terror, and nuanced lore in order to draw players in and keep them engaged throughout the, about, 4 hours that the first playthrough lasts.In terms of story, the game starts with our unnamed protagonist being unearthed and resurrected from her grave by a mysterious person, absent any recollections of who she was before her death. The mystery man tasks her with exploring a large mansion, and its surrounding estate, in order to determine the origin of a forbidding fog that has veiled the land and, if possible, lift it. In exchange, this cryptic benefactor promises to reveal her identity, as soon as her mission is completed. The plot is wonderful, the lore being progressively revealed by strange characters the protagonist will come across in her quest, as well as nuanced by examining various objects and points of interest throughout the environment, classic Souls style. There are strong Lovecraftian elements incorporated in it as well, which was a huge plus for me since I am a great fan of his work.Gameplay-wise, the game is a straightforward action/adventure/rpg, as mentioned in the introduction. You explore the mansion, fighting and slaughtering any enemies you find obstructing your path in order to survive as well as salvage their lifeforce, which can be used to strengthen your character's various stats, be it health, damage, stamina or number of ""potions"" you can carry, among others. If you have ever played Dark Souls, the game's mechanics will strike a familiar cord immediately, as will its interface. Their mentality is also the same; explore huge, imposing settings, battle imposible boss fights, piece together the lore of the game and, finally, die. Alot. Just be prepared for that last part because, at least during your first playthrough, chances are your character will meet an untimely end more times than you can count. But each death will bring knowledge, information on the behavior of certain enemies as well as specific places that you need to pay special attention to, making you more formidable with each ressurection. So, persevere, and you will emerge triumphant.Regarding music, the game mostly consists of ambient sounds and soft, background tunes to keep you company without distracting you, which I liked. The sound effects are also great, further adding to the experience.About graphics, Shrouded in Sanity uses a detailed, pixel-based art style which I loved. The artist has worked meticulously in order to convey the oppresive and mysterious atmosphere of the setting, having constructed a darkly ornate mansion and lonely, surrounding garden that will suck you in immediately, as well as a few other environments which I will not reveal, to avoid spoiling the surprise.In conclusion, I totaly recommend this game, especialy if you are a fan of games like Dark Souls and Bloodborne. It is quite difficult, yes, but never unfair, and will reward you handsomely if you persevere. The story is deep and meaningful, the gameplay easy to learn and not so tough to master, and the setting both terrifying and alluring, just like the eldrich horrors you will face while exploring it. I am really looking forward to the sequel."
76561197972328112,Recommended,444590,31816595,Posted: 17 May,all,CapriciousCancer - Arlyeon,"Shrouded In Sanity is a faster paced look at the Soulslike genre - offering slick combat with enemies more than capable of murdering you in a few quick combo's and being wholly unapologetic about it. Lovingly animated in pixel, the game's set in a delightfully macabre victorian manor, where the serving staff is more than happy to attend to your need for suffering with a wide variety of implements repurposed for greeting guests.Whilst enemies can be relentless in their efforts to murder players, players have a number of defensive options such as :: Invincibility frames (Hello dodge rolls, executions, and parts of the heal animation), Parrying, Blocking, casually running away from the enemy as fast as your stamina bar lasts. Offensive options are more limited in the form of a light attack, a heavy attack, a dashing attack, and a pistol (the latter of which does not have scaling damage, but which can be used to safely stagger an enemy so they can be riposted).Upgrading is minimalistic, as there is no upgradeable gear, and only a select few stats exist to raise- but they are enough to provide some degree of player choice and a sense of empowerment.The game's soundtrack and especially those of the boss fights -shine-. Whilst the enemies can be a considerable obstacle to an inattentive player, it's bosses are outright devastating, especially when an unwary player comes face to face with their mechanics for the first time.That the game is -still- in the process of receiving updates to address issues players may have, alongside minute content updates is fairly amazing giving how cheap the game is. Money well spent.Also, Link, if you're all too cool for reading ::https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4t5gfsR0yek"
,Recommended,444590,25104889,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,The Dandy,"Shrouded In Sanity is basically what you get when you cross the aesthetic of resident evil and castlevania with the gameplay of final fight and bloodborne, it is very much lovecraftian, very difficult, and quite possibly one of the most addictive, if indie titles i've ever played.I recommend this because it's got that ""raw"" feeling that the very first souls game, demon's, gave off, like the developer had captured lightning in a bottle and didn't quite know where to take it, it's got some obscure mechanics, and just when you think you know a level, you find out that your pace through the game alters how enemy waves are distributed, go into an area too fast and the game will spawn a time-bending puppet witch at you who crushes you with compressed air, go in too slow and two tentacle maids will summon tentacles to keep you away from certain spaces while you engage them. enemy design in this game is fantastic, you've got an enemy who releases gas and is invulnerable to attack unless you hit him with your flashlight, and even then you've got to get in close and swipe at him with your sword, which will have him summoning one last gas puff to hit you with if you don't watch your spacing.there's an enemy who warps the level, turning everything upside down and inverting the control scheme, an enemy who can be killed with one well timed shot, but otherwise is so difficult that you'll have a hard time even damaging him. the normal maids are the basic enemy of the game, yet one hit from them and you're doomed. etc, etc. enemy design in this game is sublime, and the atmosphere is genuinely creepy and was clearly crafted with care and attention, in fact, the environmental art style looks pretty much JUST like the environmental art style for final fantasy seven, the character sprites are indie as hell, but even then they fit into the game world perfectly and only add to the overall aesthetic.if you want to find yourself trapped for hours in a punishing resident-evil style bloodborne clone, this is definitely the game for you."
76561197997049975,Recommended,444590,23462537,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Zaravan,"You've basically been placed in the feet of a common 'Dark Souls' protag, though there's no customization for your appereance, the Protagonist is rather androgynous so there's that if it's that important to you.You have two weapons (that i know of) at your disposal, first is your cane-sword, which is basic as can be. Parrying, guarding, etc.The second is your 'Waltham hand cannon' which can fire without reloading but is limited by how many bullets you physically have on you at one time. It is typically used as so in Bloodbourne, with which you stagger enemies at an opprotune time by shooting them, then attacking with your blade to deliver a devistating critical hit.Your stats are average at start, but you can upgrade your damage, stamina, and total health with Yith stones.The only drawback is the Yith stones themselves, in that with every three for each upgrade, your Sanity erodes.The more your Sanity peels away, the more that monsterous, twisted, eldritch variations of common enemies appear. They are far tougher and more dangerous that the common foes.The first enemies you encounter include cleaver-wielding maids who whimper as they die, axe-swinging groundskeepers, and seamstresses with massive scissors.As well as the Butlers, who carry keyrings and teleport with knives above to strike down on you. Butlers carry Yith stones and Keys needed to progress to certain areas, the Butlers are semi-Unique in this matter since they carry such precious items.There are also the Bosses. I won't spoil much about them besides one important fact.You can spare them, simply by defeating them and (as they fall to their knees and spit curses at you) leaving the area.This game has multiple endings, though i have not gotten so far as seeing one.Still, this game has it's flaws, but i will not take anymore space doing so, as others have detailed them.Despite it's early access nature, the Dev is responsive and updates often, bringing in new content.I would reccomend it to whoever wishes to purchase it, especially if they are a fan of soulslikes or gothic horror RPG's."
76561198097697516,Recommended,444590,22698394,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,v1keka,"This is going to be a positive review, as the makers are quite responsive.The game has a nice atmosphere. However, the difficulty is not rewarding - maybe because I saw the game as a mix of Dark Souls and Castlevania SotN, and then I expected some item drops, besides bullets and that other thing whose name I forgot.And the stamina charging rate is quite low... I was fighting the Fourth Knight, and I was like ""ok, I think I got this"" and then he got me.Moveset is not fast, but it is not slow either - maybe it needs to be a little tad faster, or more fluid (like in Crawl).Finally, it has potential to stand on its feet. Needs some polishing to leave everything neat and solid."
,Not Recommended,444590,23992688,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Bobgriffon,"I really wanted to love this game.  It has really great atmosphere, and a unique and interesting art style, that clearly took inspiration from the Dark Souls franchise.Unfortunately, they were not able to capture the tight controls and rewarding combat that made Dark Souls so successful.The combat feels floaty and very unsatisfying.My biggest complaint is the controls though.  The default controls, with both keyboard and gamepad, are very awkward, and I found no way to rebind them.  It might be possible in the config files somewhere, but there was no way in game that I could find.Pros:Great atmosphereInteresting, unique art styleCons:Unsatisfying, floaty combatAwkward, non-rebindable controls"
,Recommended,444590,22711484,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,shmumbler,"Shrouded in Sanity is essentially an attempt at a 2D Bloodborne, and it becomes obvious as you play it. Combat consists of a combination of light/heavy attacks, guarding, parrying and riposting, and dodging. Defeating foes grants you Vitae, the life-force of enemies which you use as the in-game currency. However, despite its obvious ties to Bloodborne, the atmosphere and visuals remind me more of Castlevania, as the mansion holds a majestic, yet mysterious Gothic feel to it, aided by the outfits and general designs of characters and enemies.Unfortunately, though, Shrouded in Sanity suffers from the lack of polish one may expect from early access. Combat is clunky. The gun mechanic works much the same was as in bloodborne. However, many enemies require you to be within a certain range before they'll start their attack animation: a range which places your gun through them and thus causing you to miss the parry. In addition, the controls just feel strange. I'm sure a large part of it is just getting used to a new control scheme, much like the Souls games were when I first started them. However, I question placing sprint as B and roll as X, as this makes it rather difficult to transition from sprint to roll without accidentally hitting one of the other two face buttons. I also believe that having the gun require holding LB and pressing RB to be rather unusual; if the only thing one can do with a gun is a normal shot, why bother having a multi-button input at all? Why not simply have LB be a shoot command?Other issues include stamina regen, which is sluggish to say the least. For instance, if you use a heavy attack against a common enemy, you will never get yourr stamina nearly back to full, or at least not without some kiting. In addition, enemies seem to be damage sponges. By this I don't necessarily mean that they have too much HP. Rather, the enemies never stagger, even for a moment, unless they are parried. This even gets to the point that an enemy will throw out an attack or two between you landing the fatal blow and them actually dying. As a whole, these issues just make combat painful and unsatisfying.One other tiny complaint goes toward the in-game economy. In the short time I have played, I've come across one merchant who sells bullets. However, bullets are apparently ridiculously expensive for how easily consumed they are. A single bullet costs over 1000 Vitae, whereas each enemy at that stage gives little more than 100. This means that you have to grind 10 enemies for a single bullet. Admittedly, this doesn't sound like much of a task, but there are surprisingly few enemies scattered about, which means buying bullets is just not economically feasible.That said, all of my complaints so far are just about polish and balance. That is, these are issues that are easily fixed and simply need time. As such, I have no problem recommending this game, and I admit that I am excited to see where this goes."
,Recommended,444590,26476121,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Stray,"A game you can beat in 2 -2.5 hours but that time will be well spent, this game has the feel of Dark Souls and Hyper Light Drifter combined. It is a good game to play on a night where you have nothing to do jump into the world and explore to find all the bosses and make your way out of the mansion you are trapped in. The game is very dark but keeps you entertained for the duration of it by staying so eerie and difficult."
76561198066155101,Recommended,444590,30132606,Posted: 23 February,all,Grossly Incandescent,"Very good metroidvania game. Responsive developer with a sequel on the way that is shaping up to be fantastic. Definitely recommend it. Only real complaint is that there's not a map, not that big of a deal after you get the layout of the mansion though."
76561198085704259,Recommended,444590,30233745,Posted: 27 February,all,PulpoPaul,"Shrouded in Sanity, aside from some technical and very picky interface aesthetic issues, is f*cking awesome and I would buy it again anytime."
76561198046008617,Recommended,444590,31300200,Posted: 22 April,all,Ryooku,"$6 for a delightful game. Perhaps a bit on the short side, but boy howdy is it a fine game. And with the endings being, well, what they are, the immediate replayability just to learn more about your character, and all sorts of spooky happenings, ugh, it's so good and worth it.Seriously, just buy it!"
76561198161791262,Recommended,444590,25279621,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Sam12307,"I died, then I died again, and again, and again, again, and again, and again..."
,Recommended,444590,23849101,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Clear_Skies,"Dark Souls, Momodora - These are but a few names that come to mind, when one plays in the world of Shrouded in Sanity.Already on a positive note, I like the cleverness of the name.Now, Review time!When I saw Shrouded in Sanity, I knew that I was readying myself for a side-scrolling brawler that is flavored by the mechanics similar to Dark Souls alternative game Bloodborne.Shrouded in Sanity presents to you a rather dark tale of revenge and absoultion, along with heavy ties to the Lovecraftian Mythos that so many of us seem to love.+Gameplay+Shrouded in Sanity has some very smooth controls, and it is recommended that players use a console controller for this style of game.You have the ability to dodge, counterattack, and fire a pistol, all of these moves offering players a means of combating and killing the various insane machinations that they will contest against in bloody combat.Counterattacks are as simple as timing your parry, and giving a devastating blow in return.The pistol can also open opponents up to a deadly blow, by hitting them at the right time, stunning them, and allowing you to perform a coup de grace.+Options-Options in this game are obtained by meeting the various NPC's in the world, and playing them, in blood, for various upgrades, whether it is an increase in health, weapon damage, stamina, or healing. Others take special items that can be purchased from another NPC in order to obtain more upgrades, a feat that can sometimes prove difficult do to the location of said NPC and that you'll have plenty you have to fight through to get to him.+Gadgets and Weapons-You have access to your sword and pistol, in terms of weapons, that is all you get, nothing more.Being such a short game overall, I find this to be ok, and for those who wish to delve into a variety of different weapons, they have the ability to play as the Boss characters known as the 4 Knights, who each have their own variation on weapons, which give them their own style of combat.Though it would be cool to see your character obtain different weapons and the like, I find the option of playing as the various Knights to be just fine with me as an alternative to playing as the main character.Over all, the play is alright, but you begin to feel outgunned by some of the various enemies, espeically when they begin casting some tough dark magic upon you.+Level Design+The Level Design, in my opinion, is extremely nice, it feels realy, and it creates an dark moody atmosphere, with its bloodstained walls, and the harrowed cries of the mad, waiting around the corner to get you.The artistic style is very well done, and gives it a nice pseudo 17-1800s feel to the world, a nice victorian touch to add to the madness within.The use of Fog as the clincher for the worlds madness, reminds me a bit of Silent Hill, and it is not a bad addition to the world and the story,  in a way, I wish we could have had more interacction with the fog itself in some way, but that is nothing against the game itself!-Music+The music, is  lacking, but I can't let that go against the game itself, especially with how small the team is for this project. I wish there was a lot more music to go with the world, ballroom or otherwise, but this game pushes the silence as its strongest ambience, and music for when it is necessary, and I feel that, that is ok with me.+Plot+I found the plot to be delicious, and though it certainly ties in the mythos of Lovecraft, it does it well. In a way, I almost would like to see them replace the mythos with their own, and actually expand upon the world, as I feel by itself, the game holds a lot of strength that doesn't even require the need of Lovecraft.The idea of resurrected servitude, and the darkness that has been made by love and betrayal, it is tied so well, especially when it comes to the end, it leaves you wanting more, and hoping to find out what more is to come.Final ThoughtsFor the games price, and for the amount of playtime it offers, I say this is definitely worth a spot on your library shelf. It has enough length and replayability to keep things intersting, and it is short enough, that once you have completed it all, it leaves you feeling accomplished, and yearning for more from the world.I do hope you all enjoy the game, and that the review gives enough insight into the game, without spoiling anything.Till then Game On folks!Clear Skies"
76561198025165191,Recommended,444590,29307373,Posted: 16 January,all,zjwillie,"Amazing game! Entirely underated, trying to get people to buy this. If you like tight combat with amazing control and ""souls-like"" experiences, you should love this... and for less than $10 bucks!!! You'd be crazy not to buy this amazing little game. Cheers to the Dev 10/10!!!"
76561198077059261,Recommended,444590,23260520,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Ravenragextreme,"A Surprise game I had no idea even existed until today, add Resident Evil's Spencer Manor, take some inspiration from Bloodborne in terms of tone and an extra helping of What the Hell?!, and a nice parry/riposte system (like Souls/bloodborne) and you get a good game worthy of its price and not to be tarred with the (souls ripoff) brush dispite taking some elements from them."
,Recommended,444590,22851799,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,DamphirBlue,"This is more of a quick early review, but the game is pretty enjoyable. It's basically Bloodborne: Pixel Edition. And the game is challenging with solid mechanics. It does need a lot more polish tho and some improvements to the frame rate for weaker hardware like us indie laptop gamers, but that is expected in an Early Access title."
,Recommended,444590,31184065,Posted: 16 April,all,Kevinet,"A couple of typo's seen here and there in the dialogues; and it alludes to the poor polish this game suffers from boasting a one-man army of a developer. But despite that this one plays so smoothly and well, and it benefits from the solid core gameplay mechanics. The game also has superb atmosphere with an atractively mystic settings. I honestly hope the developer pursues future projects with vibes like this one, for I'm a sure sucker for the blood and gore, as well as some nightmare-inducing characters. Despite not being a fan of Resident Evil 1-like puzzle solving and back-tracking, -- honestly I rather hate those elements in any game wholeheartedly -- I fell in favour with this game just from the mood it sets and ""die - die again - die and suffer in this foggy Hell like a miserable wretch that you are until you learn your bloody lessons"" gameplay. I'd say it's a must-try for any gamers who like to wear the ""Hardcore Badge"" every once in a while."
76561198004038859,Recommended,444590,31982063,Posted: 26 May,all,FightThePowah!!!,"Short Review :Gameplay - Good, has issues, overall good.Music - Not always there, but it does the job, sound effects are cool, wish there was more clock sounds.Story - Play the game, what, want me to chew it and feed it to your mouth like you're a stupid bird? it's dirty cheap, if you're here and reading this, just buy the goddamn thing.Art - Pretty good, especially the backgrounds.Butt-Long Review :This has a lot of heart to it, it's, if a game is a conversation between the gamer and the artist, both geeking and talking about the games they like, this is it.So to start off, it's very souls\bloodborne like mixed with castlevania, resident evil and all that jazz, and, it's a diamond in the rough to be honest, but a very pleasant one.See, the combat IS good, it's fun, but, some enemies are unpredictable and the animation is too fast to be able to respond it quickly, and, apparently the lanter should be a thing that made them glow or something before an attack, and some enemies do that while other's, don't. And that's an issue, the glowing-before-an-attack is a good way to move around the limited animation, think Metal Gear Rising, enemies glow their eyes before attack giving you the queue for a parry. Audio could also be used for it, with enemies making a certain noise just before an attack, but alas, not the case. It can be frustrating, and not exactly a fun kind, since you'd have to have some darn crazy reaction time for it.Overall i think this would be better if it'd either double down on the enemy blinking before attacking, if ya think that's too lame and easy, tie it HARDER to the light, like, each time they blink it takes batteries (i read that the light is supposed to drain the batteries but i finished the game with like, 500 batteries and spent the whole game with the lights on so...shrugs) or add some minimal sound queues to the ones that are more unpredictable.The gun is also weird. See, in bloodborne, which i believe this had some inspiration from it, the gun was the main way to parry. While here you have both the shooty parry and the swordy parry. Considering how hard these almost lightning speed and unpredictable enemy attacks are, you'd most likely just use the sword, since spam parry with it is viable.Minor thing but the font is hard to read, then again, i'm quite the blind bat.Now the story...i dunno, play the game and see it, can't say i understand it fully, but it's fun.Closing, this is a rough game, but it's to be expected, i hope that the Dev keep tweaking this, and, well, this was an well done job and i'd definitly play another game from this Dev, or a second one, who knows."
,Recommended,444590,32199068,Posted: 5 June,all,Vihvee,"It's got a very interesting dark theme. I did get a bit lost at first trying to memorize the layout of the mansion, but once I got the layout (hundreds of deaths later), it... it wasn't much easier but it did make upgrading my wapons a bit more doable. Did I mention that this game is surprisingly brutal. I thought I knew what I was stepping into when I died before even getting to the front door... then I stepped inside and I started to understand my mistake in underestimating this."
,Recommended,444590,34760877,Posted: 5 September,all,DonkeyWorld,"Well made 2D rendition of Dark Souls combat. My only complaint is that the hitboxes or enemy iframes can be wonky and untuitive at times. It's especially bad with one of the bosses who is otherwise a well designed fight. Still, the price is definitely right for what you get out of it."
,Recommended,444590,25276075,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,『DEUS VULT』 神はそれを望む,"I love 2D horror games. My expectations were really high when I clicked the ""Purchase""-button. Unfortunately this product is totally meh. This whole game has that free online flash game -feel on it.I'm going to rewrite this review once I finish the game. Way or another I'll dig 5€ worth of fun out of this."
,Recommended,444590,25870335,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,AlRokerSurprise,"Very cool, challenging game. Definitely feels like a 2d Bloodborne/Lovecraftian/Castlevania action lite-RPG."
76561198006984684,Recommended,444590,27693480,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Izzus,"There are those who describe this game as a ""souls-like"" and then there are those who think the term is stupid, so they just say it's like Bloodborne. Either way, now you know what the genre and gameplay is like.The game starts off fairly difficult. Several mechanics have a delay, because they activate according to when you release the button, not when you press it. When you realize this, the game becomes much less frustrating.I did enjoy how the game was laid out. I drew out a map of the mansion, and it actually makes sense. Some rooms have nothing, some rooms contain easter eggs, some rooms are only there to screw with you. The enemy variety isn't large. It's easy to ignore as the game progresses, as you'll find that the more difficult enemies each have their own gimmick on how to defeat them. In other words, the enemies are fairly bland at the beginning, and creative toward the end. The short time it takes to beat this game is welcoming of the small enemy variety.I still have some secrets to find, and some secrets require a higher madness to uncover. The madness mechanic is confusing, to say the least. When you die or level up, your madness increases. As many times as I've died or leveled up, it seems to be stuck at the point just barely before I max it out, locking me out of some of the game's supposedly secret areas. To this, I mean that there are areas which claim to require a high level of madness to enter, and you are locked out of them until you reach that point.As for sound design, the creator could have at least modified some of the clips they used. There are a few sound bites in this game that were ripped straight off of pre-existing unlicensed recordings. One example is the Cassini recordings of Saturn's aurorae, recorded in 2003. No sound editing, just straight ripped audio.Graphics and animation are spot on for how the game presents itself. The sprites are polished, though the hitboxes could use some work in regard to their behavior near doorways.I'd say it's worth playing, and the price is worth it for the few hours it'll take you to complete the game. While it's possible to win in less than ten minutes, if you want to experience everything it has to offer, you'll have to sink hours into the game.I recommend it for people who enjoy lovecraftian themes and Bloodborne.The game isn't recommended for people who hate adapting to new control schemes."
76561198125076366,Recommended,444590,30542258,Posted: 16 March,all,jsallaway4,"Having played all the soulsborne games and a majority of the clones of said games, this is THE best one for pc and the second best overall, under Nioh"
,Recommended,444590,27610365,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Trash,"Want to play bloodborne but got no ps4? This is the closest I can find so farAmazing game, lengthy enough if you explore everything, really short if you rush through.There's only 1 NG+ but it definitely ramps the difficulty.I'd say this is worth the money, support this dev and try it out!(Bit of a warning though: combat is knife's edge fast paced and relentless. I didn't get the hang of it until 2-3h in. And I'm a fairly seasoned souls player.)"
,Recommended,444590,29352415,Posted: 19 January,all,AeroCross,Short and sweet. Tough as nails.
76561198093406642,Recommended,444590,23786066,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,zerogear5,"There are better reviews then mine but here are the highlights.1. Devs that care and respond lightening quick to comments and bugs.2. simple yet challenging gameplay3. A perfect length to the game so it does not feel like a grind or over stays its welcome.4. Damn fine pixel artsome negatives1. may feel bare bones, there is only the set of weapons you start with but bosses being playable does improve this2. it has vague mechanics in some areas."
,Not Recommended,444590,23491201,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,The Snee,"I really wanted to like this. The setting and obvious inspirations drew my eye, but the awful controls, poor feedback, and shallow combat mean I have no interest in playing further.The setting seems interesting, but you are thrown into it very quickly, in a way that seems forced rather than for the purposes of the story. The artwork is nice, particularly in the background, and the game oozes atmosphere. It's a world I would like to explore, but in a game as difficult as this, you need to be in full control of your character to fight the enemies. I felt like I was fighting the combat system itself, rather than the deranged inhabitents of the mansion.The best example of the broken systems is the counter system. Countering a knife wielding maid by shooting just as she attacks staggers her, setting her up for a counter attack. Performing the counter attack then knocks her out the stun state, allowing her to attack just before you recover from the counter. While you can escape or block, it puts you in a risky situation. Alternatively, after a counter you can just wail on them, which will likely kill them. In other words, deliberately botching a core combat move is more effective. Also, as far as I could tell, most enemies are best fought by cheesing them using vertical movement, a very unsatisfying way to play.While I respect the developers for the attempt, I cannot reccomend this in it's current state."
76561198007622695,Recommended,444590,23243052,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,ErvisVlora,"The game is absolutely amazing and for the price i totally recommend it without hesitation. However difficulty will not make it a game for everyone, so please don't thumb game down on steam simply because ""It's too difficult"". Runs Smoothly at 60 constant FPS, controls are fluent and very responsive at least for those of us who have held a controller for the last 15years as gamers. Here is a first impressions where i don't suck as badly as most streamers who complain this is too difficult. I only played 30 minutes and i already got the hang of it.https://youtu.be/_jkcaI8HofQ"
,Recommended,444590,23754626,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Snakes with human traits,PC finally gets Bloodborne :^):^)
,Recommended,444590,24244651,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Human Shield,A lite and charming souls clone.
,Recommended,444590,27924511,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,L. Rod,"It's a really nice game that got me engaged from the start. The inspiration from Bloodborne is visible from the start in the themes, aesthetics and combat.The only things that kind of bothered me were the short length, the blood extracting mechanic and the map, that is waaaay confusing to navigate. Even with a few hours playing and having beaten the game I still can't navigate properly through the map. The idea of harvesting blood from dead monsters is cool at first, but the more you play the game the more it will annoy you to wait through the animations.If you like the Souls games and Bloodborne you'll probably like this. I highly recommend it."
76561198084657727,Not Recommended,444590,28882525,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Celtic Steel,"Man, i really wanted to like this.  I love the setting, the pixel art and the music... but sadly I just didn't find the game play fun.  I'm not adverse to difficulty (i've beat all the Dark Souls, Hyper Light Drifter, and Devil May Cry 3 in my time), but this just seems to be taking the mick- enemies kill you in a few hits, take ages to upgrade your stats, parrying/shooting so unclear its hard to read when to do it, takes FOREVER for your stamina to recharge, controls are clunky - combat just isn't fun and 9 out of every 10 deaths felt cheap. Combat feels floaty and the enemies attacks literally come out of nowhere (i.e. they have no animations for the wind up) The bosses are a chore as they literally take 0.000000000009% damage with every hit.  I must have hit the Fourth Knight about 100 times and he barely had more then a slightly ruffled moustache to show for it.Now i know this is an indie title and therefore a lack of polish is expected, but sadly this just wasn't fun for me to play and I can't recommend it unless it gets some serious patches.  Still, at £2 at least it didn't burn a whole in my wallet"
76561198079573739,Recommended,444590,31391639,Posted: 27 April,all,Kathrine,"So, at this point I'm not really sure if I should really write a full and detailed review like I would normally do but I am afraid that it might end up to long and thus not be usefull to anyone. If I decide to write a full review, I'll make sure to link it somewhere somehow.First things first: Once I saw the game I was really furious. And I meanreally reallyfurious. And then really sad. This is because I myself am not a Game Dev (yet) but instead an author and artist (hobbist not professional) and I have worked on a similar concept. I assume the details will not be interesting nor of any relevance to this review but I worked on a Game Concept very similar to this for some time and wanted to use it for an application so I must admit that I am biased in terms of the idea itself and really sad that someone already executed this is such a great way.Alright, at this moment, I have not completed the game nor beaten any of the bosses but I explored enough to have a good impression of the game. I seriously don't know where to start because I have to many thoughts on this game.First off, I really had problems with the Tutorial. Not because it was hard, which it is, but because I had to get used to the controls. I am not able to use my PS4 gamepad with this game so I had to resort to the keyboard and boy howdy, I had problems! This made me die a total of six times in the Tutorial and makes me really embarrased in hindsight.I don't know if it's just the game or if I'm just unlucky as usual, but I seemed to encounter the stronger enemies like the Tentacle Maid or the Eyeball Gunner (I really don't know what to call them otherwise!) quite early on. This in turn made me die more often and made the game even harder. So it was no wonder that my time ran out quite quickly.Frustrated as I was, I restarted the game and skipped the Tutorial (saves me a few deaths) and everything seemed to run nicely. At the beginning at least. After I got my first upgrade, the stronger enemies started appearing again, which I this time didn't mind as much because this time they appeared less often.I really like the game design itself, as the game does not explain much to the player and this left me wondering if the ""Blessings"" from the priest actually did work (I suppose they don't do anything, as I never noticed any benefits or disadvantaged coming from them, expect for the priest himself. He's really suspicious in my eyes!). The games gives subtle hints at the inner workings of the game (for example the changing death screen from ""You Expired"" to ""You Failed"") or the dialogues with the NPCs scattered around the manor.What I then found to be useless is the ""Vitae Collecting"" (no matter that the term Vitae reminds me of Vampire: The Masquerade). I never found it to be useful except for buying (if I remember correctly) the Gun Upgrade or to buy Yth Stones (which I recommend you don't but I just wanted to get rid of all that blood). Maybe this is the central point in collecting Vitae, but I didn't use it as much.Another thing I thought I would never like is the sountrack. The Soundtrack (which I of course bought, because why not?) itself is amazing, for I am a fan of this type of music and I listen to it while working because it's quite relaxing and nice to listen to. But I never noticed the soundtrack in the game itself. Either it's because I play with the volume quite low or because the music itself is really quiet in the game. I heard it occasionally seep through and that was nice. I might add now, that the seeming lack of music in the game is not a flaw but actually does enhance the atmosphere!You, Mr. Game Dev have made a amazing work of art and I hope there will be other works as great as this one by you. It's a really creative and mysterious game with a lot of care and passion (I hope!) and I do recommend it to anyone who wants a game similar to the Souls games but with more mystery and spook to it.Excuse my rambling but I hope this helps anyone at least a little bit!"
,Recommended,444590,30983477,Posted: 6 April,all,BludStanes,"Don't listen to the people shouting that this is a Dark Souls 2d game. It may be Dark/Demon Souls-esque, and it's definitely a bit derivative, but this game is entirely its own beast.I'm not gonna lie, the game is... weird to play. Kind of creepy and unsettling as well. You walk around with complete freedom as a Dante type character, without any of his cool toys, and die instantly. The first few times. Then you get a feel for the fighting mechanic. Then something else hideous jumps on you and kills you.Don't think I'm saying I don't like this game, I love it. It's hard to define this game exactly. I personally love the graphics, many say they're bad because of a low budget and one man team, but I think they're great. It runs smoothe as butter, the monster designs are great and I kind of love being lost, having no idea how to get back to homeplate or where to find an upgrade NPC.Overall, if you like mildly creepy 2D slashers that isn't afraid to punish you every chance it gets, buy this game. I'm not a good reviewer, I don't really even review games, I just say what I think about it, not gonna go over pros and cons and all that. I'm not paid for that. It's fun. Let's leave it at that."
76561197982599663,Recommended,444590,22681780,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,kidc,"This game is basically a 2D take on Dark Souls and Bloodborne, and I totally loved it. There are a few kinks to work out, but it is still in early access, and already I think its awesome. The graphics are pixely goodness, the atmosphere is great, and it controls tightly.  I made a First Look video if you're curious. The tutorial is just the first minute or so.https://youtu.be/0j5PiCDPbPY"
76561198236348836,Recommended,444590,24193569,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Mr. Lag Problems,"0/10Too shortBut to be serious, this game is really fun if you are a Dark Souls/Bloodborne player seeking for a hard but fun game to play. Also the story is great, with mind♥♥♥♥ing plot twists. AND this game is actually pretty spooky.Oh, and this game doesn't have any guides to it, and is non-linear. Have fun!EDIT: Someone actually made a guide for this game on getting all the achievements. So um...yeah.Still a great game though."
,Recommended,444590,30338472,Posted: 5 March,all,Thomas REEFERson,Maybe make a shrouded in sanity 2? :^]
,Recommended,444590,24145491,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Pfeffa-Rah,"Not so much Dark Souls as it is Bloodborne, but in pixel form. And who wouldn't want more bloodborne, if you liked that game. I immediately loved the design and look of this game even though I haven't gotten to spend much time with it yet."
76561198120540428,Recommended,444590,31038743,Posted: 9 April,all,Spreelly,should of called it Shrouded In Salt because this 8 bit bloodborne side scroller will make you salty though that makes it feel great when you finally beat the boss or get past an enemy that kept killing you.
76561198021368242,Recommended,444590,29696964,Posted: 4 February,all,dcba85,"Hey there, my brother is your classmate, I just wanted to say, this game very unique and giving a Bloodborne experience in a pixelated style, love it. Hopefully by the time, more people will buy it.Good luck"
,Recommended,444590,23352852,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Epudds,2D Bloodborne/DarkSouls. I recommend a controller.I've only played a few minutes of this but I already know I'm going to love this game.
76561198125763577,Recommended,444590,29151586,Posted: 9 January,all,Goblin,"As a whole, SiS is a good game, and one Ihave enjoyed. However it suffers from the problemthat every single 2D Souls-Like game has;That the Souls formula, DOES NOT entirelywork in 2D.Can Souls combat be replicated in 2D, yes-it can be done. But can Souls-like navigation andlevel design? Big No, or at least not yet.I do think the game is well paced and has greatpotential, and would recommend if you're interestedin a 2D hack and slash with Souls-Like elements."
,Recommended,444590,31956405,Posted: 25 May,all,Ƹ̵̡Ӝ̵̨̄Ʒ,a pretty nice little game pretty easy i might add but still worth it so buy it :D
76561198085025621,Recommended,444590,31043228,Posted: 9 April,all,Ainra,Buy it and play it. That's all I want to say.
,Recommended,444590,30516915,Posted: 14 March,all,Vagrant|Opiumking,Pixel Bloodborne
76561198298043275,Not Recommended,444590,31982996,Posted: 26 May,all,thebookmaster,"This game has many flaws but the largest among them in my opinion is the complete imbalance of enemies and the pacing of the game, as well as the stupid vitae harvesting animation. From the very start of the game you just immediately start running into what seems like absurdly late game enemies that do insane damage and have 300000000 health, meanwhile you only have 3 ""estus flasks"" that you can't regenerate except by going back to the same guy at the very start of the game. Another more minor flaw is that every single time you kill an enemy, you need to see the same 1-2 second animation of you harvesting their blood in order to get the ""souls"" that they drop. EVERY. SINGLE. TIME. If you could just get the currency by killing the enemy or maybe just by pressing e to pick it up like you do with every other item the game would be soooo much less broken up.EDIT: I have a few more points to discuss. The game is not subtle at all. It just throws you right in to the horrifying lovecraftian part of the game instead of easing you in at all. The first enemy is a pretty standard bloody cleaver wielding maid, but then immediately after that you run into a floating reanimated corpse posessed by a giant eyeball that inverts your screen. WTF?? The atmosphere is so shoved on to you that it becomes opressive and not in a good way. Everything just seems forced on to you instead of introduced naturally. Also the main character looks like an edgy 14 year old's OC, with flowing white hair and a katana for some reason."
,Not Recommended,444590,34651546,Posted: 31 August,all,Torumekian,"This game immediatly feels like trash to play.I'm sorry that I didn't thick it through for very long, but my time is very limited, and right from the get go the way the combat feels is really bad."
76561198025649952,Not Recommended,444590,23299315,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,nchwomp,Just not a vary good game.  The controls are downright atrocious and the story/world wasn't engaging enough to keep me entertained over the many deaths I experienced.
,Not Recommended,444590,34313762,Posted: 17 August,all,Ammako,"Poorly designed attempt at being Bloodborne. Controller binds are awful and can't be rebound, the game does not have a window option, let alone a borderless windowed option. Bear in mind this is a 2016 game, yet does not have the most basic things. Oh wait, alt tab out and it shows 'Game Maker Studio' - the devs are so incompetent they can't even set the name of their worthless game properly. Gameplay is dull, visual design is muddled, nothing at all is satisfying about this game to play.Avoid avoid avoid - this game is worthless trash."
,Not Recommended,444590,23261113,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Al Djeafnte,"It adopts everything from Dark Souls except for the refined mechanics.It copries them, but they are without tempo.Enemies are one dimentional and without any depth of combat, it feels like a bug free alpha."
,Not Recommended,444590,33300511,Posted: 5 July,all,Hala_Peno,"just wasting money, nothing else"
,Not Recommended,444590,34232316,Posted: 14 August,all,malaisling,"Made it as far as the first boss before deciding to just not play anymore because it was clear that this game was not going to be fun because it wants to copy the Souls games, which also aren't fun or well designed, and thus have gameplay that entirely revolves around trial and error.So here is a review of the first boss.She has three attacks.One where she instantly swipes the player with her scythe, the attack is immediate, there is no animation for her preparing to swing; she just instantly hits the player.One where she jumps up and smashes the ground for a small area-of-effect strike.One where she summons an orb which lingers around the room and explodes.The boss fights in two ways. One is by constantly spamming the jump attack, constantly. Literally seventy percent of the time you cannot hit her because she is flying towards you in the air. When she smashes down, if you try to attack her since that is the only real opening; she immediately recovers and will use one of her two other attacks. So you can't hit her while she is jumping, but when she smashes down there is a fifty percent chance when you try to hit her that she will instantly swing back at you and hit you. The other fifty percent chance is she will go to summon an orb, in which case you can actually hurt her while she does it although if she spawns the orb onto you that also will hit you instantly.That is half of her attack pattern, is being constantly invincible while the only time she is vulnerable there is a fifty percent chance she will trade hits with you unavoidably and a fifty percent chance she won't but there is then another dice roll that she spawns the orb onto you which thus also hits you for unavoidable damage.The other half of her attack pattern is her constantly running towards the player, and is faster then them, and when she gets in range she will use her immediate swing attack. You cannot avoid the attack without dodging or blocking, you need to do that before she catches up to you otherwise her attack will always land; which means you must spend stamina to save yourself from a mandatory hit. Problem is the player regenerates stamina extremely slowly, so while the boss is using this attack pattern you constantly have her bearing down on you always in offense mode while always having to lose stamina blocking or dodging her instant attack while she constantly pressures you.So basically, if the boss is using her jump attack pattern; you randomly are forced to receive mandatory damage in order to hurt the boss. While the boss uses her run attack pattern, you have almost no time to actually function or attack back at her or even recover your stamina because she is always running at you always ready to instantly hit you the moment she gets in range which she will because she is faster then you.How do you beat this boss, you beat it in the same way you beat the Souls games and most other pseudo difficult games; by trial and error mixed with random chance until finally you win because you kept playing until you memorized everything and eventually the random number generator let you succeed. That's it, that's these games.There are other poor elements to the game that could be mentioned like how to gain currency from each corpse the player has to stop and perform a harvesting animation, but no, this is the only thing a potential player needs to know. The very first boss is incredibly unfair, poorly designed and fighting them is exclusively subject to random chance combined with memorizing their pattern down to every single frame; which their animations have very little of by the way.That is the gameplay you will get, trial and error. And it's too bad, because the game world looked decently intriguing to learn more about. But honestly it's not remotely worth it because the gameplay is just going to be completely unenjoyable time wasting drivel. It's not going to be fun, it's not about fun, it's about generating an artificial sense of challenge which preys off the human desire to succeed and progress by making them face a trial which has a mandatory time requirement attached to it. Because you can't beat the challenge by being dextrous or thoughtful about how you play, you can only beat it by playing it until you memorize every poor, shoddy element of the fight. Then after that you then have to wait until random chance lets you win as well.It's a great way to pad out the game since players are forced to spend far more time trying to complete everything since it is mandatory to have to dwell on every single part in order to actually complete it, as opposed to games where you can win by just thinking things through and having moderate intelligence.Go play something fun instead."
