user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,444720,22637510,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Seeric,"I dislike giving negative reviews, but there are far too many significant issues with this game for me to ignore them.The overarching issue with Inexistence is that there's just not much to it. There are less than half a dozen boss fights in the entire game and roughly 15 different enemy types, including palette swaps. The only magic spell in the game consists of shooting out a single underwhelming blue bullet in a straight line and acquiring new weapons does not change your attack pattern nor, to the best of my knowledge, the appearance of your weapon. You can perform a double slash by pressing the attack button at the right moment, but that's the full extent of your melee capabilities. There's a backflip, but it doesn't grant invincibility frames and you'll get knocked out of it if the ceiling is too low so it's often better to just slash away at enemies to kill them before they can attack in the first place. What little plot there is could use a better English translation and has a conclusion which is both disappointing and unearned. The actual length of the game is also ridiculously short; it took me well under two hours to finish the game and that was with collecting every single piece of gear and getting all 7 hidden jigsaw pieces without the use of a guide.Balance and level design are also major issues here. Nearly every part of the game consists of a series of bland, horizontal corridors with no gimmicks, no traps, or anything else other than a handful of monsters sprinkled about. The few bits of platforming which exist tend to be trivial and, to be blunt, extremely bland. As to balance, you gain two stat points every level and I found that putting all of them into strength trivialized nearly every enemy and boss in the game. Gold is also unbalanced as enemies and random blocks often give 1 or 10 gold pieces, but several chests exist which give 1000 each; before even reaching the halfway point of the game I had purchased every single item in the shop, including the best armor in the game. The handful of abilities you gain are also acquired relatively early on and even the best weapon is easily acquired near the start of the game's second half, leaving the remaining 30-45 minutes of this 90 minute experience as a bland key-collecting slog as you slaughter your way through the castle.As far as first games go, I've certainly seen worse, but I absolutely cannot recommend spending money on this. There is far too little here and what is here consists almost entirely of bland level design, overly simplistic gameplay, and unbalanced progression. I did not attempt Hard Mode, but nothing about my initial playthrough gave me any desire to do so."
,Not Recommended,444720,22508392,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Jin,"I don't know how this game has so many positive reviews.  Its garbage. Seriously. The movement is just gross feeling, the targeting and AI movement is just way off. Its a good....first try i guess, but as a first try i think it should of started on New grounds or something.There is also ZERO story. The moves you pick up have zero to do with combat or beating bosses or anything.  The dodge move is Cute. Its works half the time. The other half is because you are in a small pathway the size of the Character.I got up to the Ice Area and was just done with it.I tried and didn't like the feeling of it. I am a Die hard Metrovania fan. Good luck on your next game."
76561198023117872,Not Recommended,444720,23638329,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Dacoo,"It was not a bad little game, just very short (and I usually don't have a problem with short, but 1:20 on the first run of an adventure-style game is very brief) and standard.  There are a few things that you can buy, but all they really do is make the few attack options you have tougher.  The levelling does the same.Basically, you start the game being able to do a 2-hit combo, in the next level you get a really wimpy shoot.  Then you spend the last hour of the game choosing which of the two you want to make reasonable.  Most bosses can be rushed down with the basic sword attack and the few that can't simply take jump and poke.  The story is very minimal and the ending does't make much sense.Again, not a bad game.  I bought it for $3 and am not sure if it was worth it (I'm leaning towards ""not"")"
,Not Recommended,444720,29552289,Posted: 28 January,all,Sobou,"The way Inexistence describes itself on the store page certainly makes it look appealing at first glance. A Metroidvania where we're a kid who maintains order and balance just by existing? Saving his sister (as opposed to a princess) from his older brother Claos by traveling through a vast world filled with varied places, mysteries, and action? I'm sold on just that it's a 2D Metroidvania.Thing is, I wish Inexistence lived up to how it describes itself.If by vast world you mean island with five destinations to travel to, you are correct. If by varied places you mean two houses with stretches of linear grassland that serve as tutorial places, a cave, a linear mountain pass, and a castle, you are correct.Annex quests and hidden places? That one spot in each of the five areas you couldn't get to before because you didn't have one of the three acquirable skills yet.Hald is as developed as the game sounds. Mash attack, or try to time it for a slightly faster (?) combo attack. Or just mash attack. You get the ability to use magic early on from Sahasrahla (yes, the exact name and essentially dude from Legend of Zelda: Link to the Past), but the damage is always inferior to the sword attack and the magic meter takes forever to recover.Later on you get a double jump (complete with flapppy hands) and a teleport useful in all of five situations as it requires you to stand still and can only bring you across completely level terrain. Bumping the icon of where you're going to end up into something like stairs immediately fizzles the spell.Four swords, four armors, four medallions, potions, antidotes (can't even remember being poisoned), and a couple  of key items are scattered around the Island. One medallion requires you collect seven golden puzzle pieces lifted straight out of Banjo-Kazooie.I finished Inexistence to ""100%"" in 2 hours on Normal. Quotations because the game is bugged with regards to one of the boss fights in the Castle. Said bug messes with some of the treasure chests, forever screwing up your completion percentage and achievement gain for that saved file.In between the stretches of ""mash attack while you run forward"", you get snipits of plot. Much of it never evolves beyond ""Hald hates Claos and wants to defeat him because he's a hero"". Then you whoop Claos'♥♥♥♥♥through all three final boss forms, and are given a whiplash twist ending. Ain't gonna spoil it, but it's the one thing the game made me feel something other than boredom (specifically confusion and discomfort).If none of this scared you away like it should have scared me away, then worry not. 2016 winter sale it was marked down to 50 cents which, considering what I received and played through, isn't a bad deal. It's just 2 hours I'd have rather put into something else. Shame, considering the initial description and pixel art.It's ironic to call Inexistence by that: absence of existence. 'Cuz there's an absence of a far better game than what we have, and I wish it could have been better."
76561198044581155,Not Recommended,444720,26433201,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,d3sirio,Avoid this game.I wouldn't mind short if it didn't have:-bad mechanics;-bad platforming;-bad level design;-bad design;-bad story;-several bugs.The pixel art is sometimes pretty but wildly inconsistent.Not suggested even to platformer lovers.
76561198128472773,Not Recommended,444720,26003405,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,valahbr,"I'm not usually the one to give aggressively negative reviews for games. But honestly, this is TRASH.This is the definitinion of plain uninspired level design. Empty hallways, empty hallways all the way. The combat is offfensively bad, consisting of a one two dodge mechanic for all encounters.I actually lost a little bit of self respect for putting myself through the first boss twice, once on each difficulty level.If I have something good to say about this prototype of a game is that the characters and enemies visual design are sort of cool, but they are recycled to a deggree that they sometimes just don't fit with the stages they are in. It's like the developer thought ""okay, I need an enemy here, let me just pick whichever from this list""Believe me, I actually was very excited for this ever since I voted on Greenlight. I followed development through the facebook page and bought it close to release. But honestly, if you're thinking about buying it, go away and pretend it doesn't exist. I can't imagine even the developer having any fun with this."
,Recommended,444720,24700805,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Murrnation,"This is a run of the mill metroidvania with great music and a great look. With that said, controls aren't as tight as they could be, and it's a relatively short experience. If you can't get enough metroidvanias, you won't regret playing this, but if your time is limited, I'd recommend you skip this and check out Momodora: Reverie Under the Moonlight instead."
,Recommended,444720,25216414,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,NiceTry05,A fun little game in which brings back nostalgia to the SNES days.  A nice side scroller with a few metroid-like elements thrown in.  The game is not that long to beat but that is fine as not every good experience has to be 10+ hours.  At $2 this is a recommend to anybody.
,Not Recommended,444720,31913942,Posted: 23 May,all,Red Arremer,"This game has massive issues.Not only does it have clunky controls and questionable hitboxes, I encountered a game-breaking bug that would force to restart a new file.I killed a boss and was low on health, so to be safe I went back to the save point to heal and save, walked back in, grabbed the reward item and on the way out of the boss room back to the save point I died to a pit, not paying attention. So I reloaded, and although I had made the save after killing the boss, the boss not only respawned, it also respawned without the capability of taking damage and of course the boss doors close, so there's no way for me to progress without restarting entirely.Not even worth it for the 60 cents I paid for it if such a stupidly easy to find bug could make it through."
,Not Recommended,444720,32288523,Posted: 9 June,all,Sanji Himura,"The following is a 1080 Review of Inexistence.First our tale of the tape:Title:InexistenceDeveloper:Jonathan BRASSAUDGenre:Metroidvania RPGPrice$5.99Copy purchasedGame played until completionInexistence is a Metroidvania that involves a pair of siblings.  The sister of the pair is placed under a curse and it is up to the brother to free her from the curse.   The island that make up the world is broken up into four six sections, each with their own degree of difficulty that is scaled up from the previous area.  The first two areas are relatively easy to get you through the mechanics of the game (aka the tutorial section), the latter of the two contains the only shop in the game.  While the classic Symphony of the Night does contain only one shop, the difference here is that this game doesn't refill non curative items at all, and you go into most areas blind.  In fact the only area in the game that you do have some sense of awareness of where you are is the castle area, and that is because there is a map provided for you as the only map that you can buy in the shop.That said, not all is bad.  Enemies do have some scale of difficulty, however, most are defeated if you actually use your level up points in any decent distribution system.  In one of the most graphcially flawed systems of distributing points ever, There might be some confusion as to whether or not there is a cap that is supposed to be placed on stats as I was able to break through the HP stat cap in a few levels.That said, I find the story to be most disappointing, and it left me wanting more.  If there is going to be a sequel to this game, I hope that a few plot points that were left open in this game are addressed in the sequel.Pros:+ A fun little Metroidvania that provides decent challenge and difficulty+ RPG Elements does provide added skill to the game.+The collectability factor does provide an additional story.Cons:- The story is a bit bland and left me wanting more.- You are entering most of the game completely blind.- The store doesn't refill any non-curative items.The Final Score is a 5/10 - AverageI do not recommend at this time."
,Recommended,444720,21277248,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Mr Windblade,"Please note: This review is for the release version of the game, your mileage may vary.First impression after 15 minutes of gameplay:So far, the spritework seems okay and the animations are a little stiff.  I would like for some of the enemies to really telegraph their attacks a little better, to give time for me to react. There is a plant in the first stage whose tell is a 2x2 square mouth opening before launching a large fireball.  The tell doesn't quite fit the attack in this case.  However, in the cave stage, there is a deer that rears his head full back before launching an attack - that's perfect.Despite my nitpicking the art side of things, the platforming is quite good, the controls are responsive (I'm using the suggested Xbox 360 gamepad) and I do like the basic premise of the game. I shall continue to play after posting this first impression, and then I'll get back with more feedback later.First Edit - 49 minutes of gameplay:I stand by my statements about the solid platforming, though I have to admit that the art and animations get both better and worse.  I feel that the enemies of the castle stage (which would be about stage 5 by my own numbering system) don't seem to fit with the art direction of the rest of the game and seem to come from a different artist altogether.  It's not exactly bad, as the animations are much better than the earliest enemies in nearly all respects.I've fought three or four bosses now, and I can say that the fights are decent, though I won't lie and say they were all that challenging.  I just beat the boss guarding skill #4, and I found that fight to be quite fun, so we'll see if the future fights improve.I might take this moment to talk a little bit about the UI and such - the localization is not perfect.  Achievement popups come in French, one of the main menu options is still in French, there are a few English typos, and the translation isn't perfect.  It's completely readable, and doesn't really ruin the game in any way, but there are people out there who can't stand any sort of localization errors, so I thought I would mention it.For some reason, right at the beginning of Stage 2, you'll meet Sahasrahla, who is taking a break from helping out Link and helps out our friend Hald in this game, bringing with him a shop.  Not a huge deal, a little weird, but Sahasrahla sold me Excalibur, and wants golden puzzle pieces. How did the sage from the Legend of Zelda get Excalibur, and why does he want Banjo Kazooie's Puzzle Pieces?  I don't know.  I didn't ask.Still, a solid game overall.  I've been having fun.  I am a little worried that I'm coming to the end of it, though.  Next update should be a complete run.Probable Final Edit: Main storyline finished.(2.1 Hours)So I just finished the main plot of the game, and while I did leave a few things behind, I ran through the levels multiple times trying to locate them, and eventually just couldn't be bothered to keep running them.  That's not to say that I didn't enjoy the game at all, but folks who know me (or can simply observe my profile) know that I'm not much of a completionist, don't really care about achievements, and do not often repeat games or levels.I kinda wanted to find the puzzle pieces, but I left 2 of them behind somewhere.  Perhaps I'll load up my save at some point and figure it out, but meh, I had my fun.All in all, I really think it was totally worth the $6 USD price of admission, and I liked it.  Here's a quick rundown for the TL;DR crowd:Pros:Solid platformingDoesn't wear out its welcomeGood mechanics and balanceFunny little Nintendo nodsInteresting premise, if not entirely fleshed out.Cons:Imperfect localization means some clumsy grammar and typosSome animations are a little stiffSome art doesn't quite ""fit""Kinda shortI'd give the game a 7/10 and say that fans of the genre will enjoy it, but it's probably not everyone's cup of tea."
76561198016352797,Not Recommended,444720,25158148,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Red Oni,"I was excited for this game when I first looked at it, it had good reviews and it looked like a cool metroidvania-esque game. So when I sat down to play I was looking forward to the hours of fun I'd get from the game. Two hours later I finished the game disappointed in almost every way. So lets go over the good and the bad:The good-controls work well enough-art is rather good-gameplay is enjoyableThe bad-The game is insultingly short, you can beat it in 2 hours if you feel like grinding or less if you don't.-There is almost no story in the first place. Seriously all the story for this game could probably fit in about 10 pages in a notebook.-The story is bad. Really bad. Like, feels like it was written by a 3rd grader bad. What's going on? Who knows and who cares. I didn't get 100% of everything because I didn't even realize the game was about to end (see complaint #1)-The gameplay gets old. Sure its enjoyable but only because you can finish the game before you realize its getting boring. By the time I'd been really getting the hang of the game and its mechanics it had ended (again see complaint #1)-The replay value is low. There isn't much to do in this game, unless you want to speed run this game you aren't going to really want to play it again.In short don't buy this game, I don't know why its got such good reviews, but it isn't really worth whatever their asking. If you have to have the game (which why would you) get it on sale when you won't regret the decision."
76561198006986577,Not Recommended,444720,29346425,Posted: 18 January,all,DragonElderX9,"A short metroidvania with awkward dialogue(translation), a few typos, and one irking piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥bug.  The art is neat and the music is pretty good and it has a little twist in the story, but all in all I don't think I can say it was really worth my time honestly."
,Not Recommended,444720,32102093,Posted: 1 June,all,Cohen The Barbarian,"Inexitence is a simple platform/rpg game with lots of issues.Pros:+ Pixel art is neatCons:- Controls are not fluid- Character animation fps is low and that effects controls overall- Combat is boring and has issues (especially jump attacks)- Hitboxes are not clear and buggy- Enemy AI is an abomination. They cant turn.- Magic is useless- They tagged it metroidvania but it has little to none exploration- Soundtrack is repetitive and boring- Story is shallow- Uninspiring enemy design3/10 Overall it is a lazy effort. Dont let the screenshots fool you. Its a pity, it could have been a charming game if more effort is invested in it."
76561198123662092,Not Recommended,444720,31009442,Posted: 7 April,all,Lion-Oh-Day,"This game claims to be a Metroidvania style game, and while it's clear it tries to be that, it fails.To start this game looks clunky, the sprite work is average and the monster designs have no consistency. In the later levels you'll just see tinted replicas of past monsters. Items are the same image with recolors to make them look a little different. Backgrounds can somtimes look good but the cave level's background flickers! For no reason!Gameplay is a crap shoot, platforming is a total slog since you have to stop ever couple of seconds to slap a monster with your metal stick. Monsters rarely offer any challange and all fall to spamming the attack button. You have magic but it starts with low damage and ( in my run ) was always totally useless. It would only offer a ranged way to kill things.You have a doge jump, for some reason, I never used it since wacking with the sword a few more times was often a better method to deal with any incoming hit. That or just jumping.Exploration in this game is also useless, they inform you that certain walls can be walked thorugh, and some can be phased through, but they never have any clue as to WHICH walls can be accessed in this way. So if you want to find everything you have to slam your head against the walls. The game offers you seven puzzle pieces to find and collect, but it doesn't show you how many pieces are in each level, leaving you to rerun levels over and over again just to hope you can eventually find it. If you care enough to.The game is perfectly beatable without them, this is because this game is an RPG.What this means is any boss is beatable by simply leveling up your HP to its max, or doing what I did and maxing your attack to quickly kill bosses. Bosses attacks are utterly wimpy, the first two simply summoning falling rocks that you can easily dodge, or not even dodge as they don't seem to lock onto you! The final boss was a bit more challenging, but was easily powered through via the use of potions, which you can buy from a shop.To top it all off this game is SHORT its so gosh darn short. I played 4.5 hours, and I cooked and ate dinner in that time! This game isn't worth 5.99, it's debatable if it's worth a dollar.If you want to see what can make a platformer bad, buy this on a sale, other than that stay away!"
76561197998266429,Not Recommended,444720,30199526,Posted: 26 February,all,T_Neumann,"The very best thing about this 'Metroidvania' (Though it really isn't, it's more like a platformer with very light RPG elements) is the music. You can find it here.https://soundcloud.com/fawzi-allouache/sets/inexistence-soundtrackThere, I've saved you from a purchase. It is simply not worth actually playing it whatever the price. Too glitchy and too undercooked."
76561198042054286,Not Recommended,444720,26481010,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,KEV1N,"A 'metroidvania' that can be finished in just over two hours with every secret and item found.The story is forgettable and there is very little exploration. Maps have lots of empty areas.Combat is uninspired. You have a sword that can hit twice and a single magic projectile attack for the entire game.The three abilities you'll learn are also pretty unimaginative. You get the magic attack near the start of the game, a double jump and a teleportation spell that's only used once or twice before the game ends. Strangely the protagonist can breathe underwater by default.Your character gains experience for killing enemies and eventually levels up allowing you to assign points to various statistics but, thanks to most enemies being damage sponges, putting points into anything other than attack feels like a waste.Upon reaching the final level I encountered a bug where a chest containing a key item needed to progress had somehow opened itself. Having already saved (there's only one save slot) I was forced to restart the entire game."
76561197968912990,Recommended,444720,29683915,Posted: 3 February,all,a_gamer_guy,"Even though there's lots of easily noticable problems, from uneven artwork (some is fantastic! while other things are... not) to spotty controls (I could never do the combo attack when I wanted to), I'd still recommend the game to indie game metroidvania fans.While there's not much in the way of a story, the ending was interesting and I thought worth playing through to see. If I recall correctly, I got the game on sale, which I'd recommend waiting for another one if you're on the fence with all the mixed reviews."
,Not Recommended,444720,30645406,Posted: 20 March,all,HellsX,"STEAM, please give us a middle button that reflects neither good or bad against a game.I've been a gamer for a very long time and I actually enjoyed playing through this one; however, it has some glaring faults that need to be mentioned.On the plus side it's easy, would be ideal for someone's first metroidvania to introduce them to the genre. The graphics are ok, clean and crisp and remind me of old SNES fare. The story is minimal and the ending is rather dark if you read into it. It is a very short game and as others have pointed out, achievement hunting is about the only reason to play it a second time or even on hard mode. The level design is ok, much like old SNES games there are a lot of little hidden areas.In the negative side of things the level design allows for a lot of cheap hits and not much creativity in playing through. Only 4 armors, swords, and amulets, all of which seem to bump your stats up. The abilites you have to find, metroid style and there is some backtracking you can do with them to get to other areas. Your appearance and attacks do not change with the new gear and the new abilities which is disappointing to me and the abilities really don't come into play with the combat. You gain experience and it's easy to level up fast just by going back and forth between rooms/areas and killing the bad guys. Once you max your health and either your magic or sword attacks you just do more damage.I'm not saying this is a bad game at all. It does not deserve to be called garbage or insulted but I can't recommend it. Maybe as a mobile game it would work a little better. If it is the developer's first effort then I would say it is better than I could do and it was fun. (I know, if I had fun then why not recommend it?) It just needed MORE. I wanted MORE. Some tweaks, some added levels and it would have been a solid title to me. (Keep in mind that this is my point of view.)If you are ok with the things I mentioned above then take a chance on it and you might have a bit of fun. I do not regret purchasing it by any means, I just really wish it lived up to the potential it had."
,Not Recommended,444720,30197202,Posted: 26 February,all,bkalbanez,"It's a very short game (no more than 5h) with no replayability, but it was expected from such a low price.The major problem is how easy it is. Even the last boss can be beaten with easy on hard mode.Try to play on hard mode not spending any stat point, then you might have a challenge. Or just go play Unepic."
76561198009341924,Recommended,444720,23590672,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Robaho,"I saw this game on my list, also on discount. Pixelart? Looks like a decent metroidvania? Reminds me of 2D Castlevania? Ok, im sold.I play this with keyboard since my controller is broken. Controls are good, not floaty. It feels like Castlevania, which is a good thing.Hey, this guy mentions Castlevania a lot. Why? Because this game ripped it off. Or was inspired by it.Story: Your sister was put to sleep by some huge guy, let`s give him a good beating and murder some monsters.Enemies: Reskinned Castlevania squadLocations: Plains, caves, castle and suchBugs: I already found some. GAMEBREAKER: In the castle, the Bow-Enemies who resemble the angel snipers shot some arrows. Nothing new so far. But these arrows suddenly became homing and reckt me without counterplay possible.The reskinned Catoblepas enemy revealed a secret passage with it`s breath attack.The reskinned huge knight enemy twitched around and was stricking left and right at the same time, but not hitting me.Sometimes the hitboxes appear to not match the sprites.Translation: All your base are belong to us, seriously. I chose German since it is my langue. Not even Google Translator level. Google translator would not spell words wrong. Also they used words a sane Person would never use. No clue how they translated it. It is entertaining tho.Hey, you are blaming this game a lot, you salty kid. Why the positive review?IT IS STILL FUNJust think of it as a downgraded 2D Castlevania experience.You think a game has to be bugfree and stuff? Chances are you will feel like wasting your money. Also 100% in like 2 hours is easily doable if you know this kind of game.I personally think my 3€ are well spent, since I am entertained."
76561198163699592,Not Recommended,444720,25329221,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,2015SamuelBayliff,"I like this game.  It was pleasant, if simple.  However, I killed Scylla, saved it, went back in and got the double jump, then died on my way to save it again. Scylla came back, completly invincible. I'm sure there are plenty of other glitches too. Can't recommend a broken game."
,Recommended,444720,23563651,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Ohrumon,"Great game, totally recommend this to anyone interested. It does lack much of a story but is still really fun. The controller support works really well, played the whole thing on it and had no problems other than the inital figuring out the mapping.My only real complaint was a bug that breaks the game right at the end... Literally. It happened as I was beating the final boss. When I killed him I'm guessing I was still holding left on the control stick (was using a gamepad) and it locked my controls as soon as he was dead which forced me to run off the edge, killing myself. When the respawn screen popped up it was in a different language (presumably the devs native language) and wouldn't let me click on anything. It was just frozen on that screen. I had to manually close the game and restart it to get it working again. After that it worked fine and let me load up my save I made right before the fight.In all honesty it really just made me laugh cause it was unexpected, It wasn't that big of a deal to re-beat the boss as I was already well prepared for the fight. And even with this bug it's still a good solid game, very short, but very much worth the play.Edit: Probably should've done this a long time ago but the bug was fixed right away."
,Not Recommended,444720,25125399,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,tbh_worms,"I'm not really sure why this has such a decent score.(Spoilers, I guess)You fight through horribly animated monsters for less than 2 hours, including a goblin child dressed up as Mickey Mouse from Fantasia, just to learn that the villain represents your abusive father and it was all a dream. The controls are clunky, the enemies randomly decide to turn around and attack in the wrong direction, you can add points into stats that are already maxed out, there's no map or identifying landmarks in the stages, there are only 2 attacks (one of which is useless).It isn't good."
,Not Recommended,444720,25137761,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Cheraphy,I have absolutely no idea how this game is so highly rated.Controls are unresponsivePhysics are glitchy (seeing an enemy walking INSIDE the walls was a common occurance)Hitboxes are borderline unpredictableStory is crapand I could maybe forgive all of that if it wasn't so damn short.
76561198064106555,Recommended,444720,23694161,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,mrorange,"Fun jump n run with action adventue elements and a lot of interesting hidden treasures.+ 3 hours in the game and not finished yet.+ Cute pixel graphics.+ Good controls with XBOX controller.+ Motivating level-up with the possibility to grind enemies.+ Plenty of hidden treasures.+ Replayability of levels.+ Good dodge feature.+ Huge bosses.+ Achievements and Steam Cards.+ Reminds me of 2D Zelda.I am really happy that I bought it for 3 EUR. It is a suprsingly short, but good retro game in Metroidvania style light.Recommendation."
,Recommended,444720,25253370,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,みoƦƦoƦ ₣o父,"Hey everyone and this is my review about the game!This is a Short casual pixel game.Interface/Menu/SettingsThere are 3 different save slots.You can play this game on fullscreen or windowed mode.You can play this game with a xbox controller (With Rumble).You can change the music volume and choose between 1-10 lines. (10 is the highest sound).You can change the sound volume and choose between 1-10 lines. (10 is the highest sound).There are some different languages.You are only able to change your controls on the keyoard.There is a difficulty settings.About the game.You are a guy, trying to save his sister from a ""sleep"" by some evil power. (Reminds me from zelda). On your way you will fight against enemies and some bosses. Trying to find some items to have access to your paths too. Enemies drop XP once dead(Green ball) and sometimes coins or health. You are able to find fountains to refill your health and mana. They are also your save points throughout the game. Killing enough enemies will eventually level you up and you will have 2 points to spend. You can spend them on more health/Damage/Defense/Magic. Personally i have only chosen the Damage upgrade because for me it looks like that is the most useful one. Your health will not be restored once you level up. You can go to a Shop and buy some items there. The more expensives ones are usually not worth it. Because the game will probaly be over by then or just not needed. There is no map at all. Which could be okay but also annoying on the same time.Music is pretty well done.Graphics isn't bad.Scenery is okay and filled.Game is extremely short.You are able to skip ""talking"".There are collectables but a total of 7. Puzzle pieces (Like from banjo and kazooie).Other things.I can't call this a metroidvania game, Just because it is way too short and doesn't feel like it s metroidvania game.By ""Short"", I really mean short. You can complete the game under 1.5 hours. There is an achievement for it!You can't hit enemies if they are not on your screen. If you know that there is an enemy right there. But he isn't on screen and you are trying to hit him with magic. well good luck, he wont take damage.Game is originally 6 bucks. I think the price is too high for a short game like this one. You should wait for a discount for sure.-------------------I Give this game a 6/10"
76561198040056045,Not Recommended,444720,30245882,Posted: 28 February,all,Arkabed,"Mm, the game is very short, immensely inspired by the Castlevania-serie, and if that could have been a good thing, unfortunately the result is disapointing. The graphics and the music were good, and there are some lovely backgrounds in the game, especialy into the castle. Beyond that, I found the game to be like, the reflection of Castlevania Order of Ecclesia through a small and dirty mirror. The level design is short and uninspired in the end, and everything that could feel cool or clever is indeed because it's directly copied from Castlevania. There are a sunken cavern, a flooded cave, a crystal cave, a trial room and a castle entrance and end which couldn't hide their inspiration. Concerning the gameplay, you are limited to a single physical attack, a two hit combo, and a fireball-type magic. Despite the short length of the game, it gets repetitive very fast, and above else it isn't satisfying. I have a hard time explaining why though. It's just.. plain bland. Story is bland, gameplay is bland, level design is bland, it's like if this game couldn't affirm itself, be original, be something more or apart than a simple Castlevania dull reflection."
76561198004306081,Recommended,444720,33251402,Posted: 4 July,all,Adrais,"Inexisistence is a fun, short, simple 'metroidvania' style game.  If you know what you're doing, you can easily 100% the game in less than an hour.  The gameplay is relatively shallow.  Unlike most Metroidvania games, you start off Inexistence having access to most of the gameplay mechanics and character progression is extremely simple and rudimentary.Now, all of that may sound negative, but I actually really enjoyed my experience with the game.  Sure, there are more compelling games within the genre, but I think there is definitely value to a game that provides a charming, enjoyable experience in a small package.  I also especially enjoy when I encounter a game I've never heard of, and it turns out to be such a solid package.  I thought the art looked great, the controls were fluid, and it is clear that the developer was attempting to say something with the story, however sparse the exposition was.  There is also a Time Trial mode with a leaderboard, so I think this game has some speedrun potential.  I beat this game 3 times to get all of the achievements, and it never felt like a chore to replay the game.  I should also note that the game is a pretty easy game, even on hard difficulty.More than anything, though, this game made me really excited for the upcoming Inexistence: Rebirth.  I think Inexistence is a very competant first game, and I think there is a lot of untapped potential, so I really look forward to seeing where the developer takes it.  I hope that both the mechanics and the story are delved into, and fleshed out further, but I look forward to the result.Inexistence is definitely worth an afternoon or evening of your time and on sale is a no-brainer."
,Recommended,444720,23690865,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Stacks VII,"Pretty solid game in my opinion. It's a cheaper game so don't expect the most epic boss fights or anything of the sort. However, because it's cheaper I can give it some slack. Some of the dialogue is mispelled and can be grammatically confusing. The combat can feel somewhat clunky and repetitive. The music is decent, but nothing mind blowing. The length of the game is pretty short which isn't a bad thing. Since it's shorter and has a single ending, the repetitive nature of the game can be ignored as can the little dialogue that happens. None of the cons feel overbearing or gamebreaking to me,  and because it's a cheap I had an overall good time with the game. If I had to rate the game out of 10, I would probaly give it a 6.5 and encourage you to give it a try if you got a couple bucks to spare. Love it or hate it, it's not gonna break your wallet and that is always a plus."
,Not Recommended,444720,34153393,Posted: 10 August,all,Pickle,"I wouldn't recommend this game for it's story or gameplay value. After playing through the game - I've settled on the opinion this game is simply a glorified paid tech demo and advertisement for the Clickteam Fusion engine -- in the sense of ""ok, but I could make a better game than this"".I only used potions twice - once because I was rushing through a trap section because i stopped giving a crap, and another during the final boss fight.The game makes a point that certain enemies can poison you, but I was never poisoned once -- Antidotes are wasted.The first armor you find is in the shop right after the tutorial area, and if you are like me, you grind a bit for first-shop gear before you get into the game much -- which means I had the best armor in the game very quickly in, a let down when I found the other stuff.When you attack just as you land from a jump it cancels out the attack, which should be polished out of a final product.I could find more flaws fairly easily, but I will stop here. It's cheap, and you get what you pay for."
,Not Recommended,444720,35128181,Posted: 22 September,all,=Retardoss= SeTirap,"Sadly i simply can not recommend this game even not on sale. Yeah it is cheap, but seriously this game is buggy as hell and far away from being fun.The enemies are mostly anoying than a challange. The game has bad or simply bugged bossfights (espacially the last boss which simply doesn't work).The last dungeon is the most bugged hell in this game, there are some chests you never can reach again after beating a miniboss.You can waste you time with more fun things than this, seriously its not worth your time.I'll never get my wasted time back. :("
,Not Recommended,444720,26408974,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,greg.mci,"first the game is too short. The controls need a little more work, combat was basically just stand there and hit them wiht your sword or spell. The story is not very good, there barely is one and has a very stereotypical ending. You need to provide actual instruction on how to use the teleport power. The antidote item is useless as I played the entire game and never got poisoned. there are some minor graphical glitches but there are 2 serious bugs. 1st bug is one of the scavenger hunt items just won't appear and the other is you can get trapped in an unwinnable state if you beat a boss and go back and save without picking up the prize first.The enemies make no sense themetically. Pay attention to this guy's work because for a first game this is ok but this game is kind of lackluster."
76561198216293485,Not Recommended,444720,29218413,Posted: 12 January,all,darthkemenner,"It's a short, good game, that had potential. The soundtrack it's good and the game is enjoyable. Buy it if you're looking for a really short metroidvania. However, if you're looking for deep story and tons of secret goodies, you'll be disappointed.The ending reminds me of that Ugly Americans episode, where the finale of a show the characters are watching ends up with the whole story just being the dream of an angel. Imagine the feeling of utter disappointment if this actually happened to a series you love. Well, this is just what you would experience with this game if the game was long enough for you to feel any form of attachment for the characters.The final nail in the coffin is the number of bugs that, despite the age of the game, haven't been fixed yet. One of those bugs even prevents getting an achievement.Due to this reasons I don't recommend this game."
76561198151721416,Recommended,444720,31460934,Posted: 30 April,all,Dad's Musical Erasers,"TL;DR: Game is functional, and not a lot elseCombat's not good, but it's functionalBasic♥♥♥♥♥bland level designNot much enemy designCharacter designs suck (imo), you may like themGraphcis are passableMusic is greatGet it on saleI enjoyed itIf you read the reviews, yeah they're not wrong it's a bit bland and the combat realistically should be better. For what it was worth I enjoyed myself. Can I reccomend this game? Eh, not really because there's so many games out there that do everything this game was trying to do and they do it better.A lot of people say it's buggy, but I personally didn't encounter any so I guess whether or not you'll experience bugs is a bit of a crapshoot.It's incredbily short, and you really won't get 6 bucks worth unless you intend to speedrun it or something and you're going to put hours upon hours into it. If you're going to get it, get it on sale.Again, I don't really reccomend it, but I enjoyed myself, and the music is nice (which probably heavily influenced my enjoyment tbh). Also the ending kinda threw me for a loop but you may find it cliche and attention-♥♥♥♥♥y."
,Not Recommended,444720,28904912,Posted: 1 January,all,Kefen,"I gave this game a chance, I played it through once, I wanted very much to like it and it IS pretty, but way too uninspired, and still annoyingly buggy (button-operated gate not opening, 7th puzzle piece missing, enemies floating inside walls...)Add to that dialogue with subpar English translation, precious few items to find, almost no maps, music ranging from okay to meh and poor sound effects."
76561198004903022,Not Recommended,444720,26449118,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,wooothebadman,"Pale imitation of a Castlevania game. Movement is stiff and unresponsive. Enemies feel like stock assets from somewhere else and are damage sponges (not sure if second part is because I played on hard). Levels are blocky and uninteresting. Magic seems to be useless. Potions are too expensive for how slow money grind is, and shop has too few items to be compelling. Exploration doesn't really exist for most of game until I reached the last level, which seems to inexplicably be as big as the rest of the game.The thing that made me stop playing was the Dark Hald boss. First of all, I just hate bosses that are a mirror of the player. They're just an excuse to reuse the player sprite. Secondly, its fight pattern was just annoying. All of the bosses were lame, but this one just dodges at the perfect time. You have to trick it into getting close, but then sometimes it doesn't get hit stunned so it hits you back. Last and MOST IMPORTANTLY the boss is super buggy. His magic attack just stayed in place and did not fly at me. ALSO they didn't clean up after the boss died. I couldn't get to the upgrade behind all the magic that stayed on the screen and I died.All in all, this just feels like a game made by people who don't understand game design. I don't know how else to put it. It plays like a crappy fan game of Castlevania. You know, like someone pulled the sprites out of a game and tried to remake it in some clunky game maker software. Only it has no items and the AI barely functions."
,Not Recommended,444720,28810421,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Stungun,"Got this game when it was a whopping 90% off (that's 60 cents, no joke). I can certainly see why it was so heavily discounted. Honestly, it's a very underwhelming title -- while not totally horrible, it's definitely nowhere near the full price, but it does have its positive points.First, the good: It's got pretty good soundtrack and a pretty nice visual aesthetic. Control is pretty solid on the keyboard. The game handles well and doesn't rely on particularly frustrating platforming. Also the fact that the game over screen doesn't waste your time (no cinematics or drama; you can go back to the last save point mere seconds from when you drop dead) is thoughtful.But then, the bad...First off, this game is painfully short. I nearly 100%'d the game on hard mode, one playthrough, in just a few hours. And that counts excess time spent grinding. There's only a small handfull of areas to explore, and there's not much freedom of exploration to be found. There's a few side paths to get to treasure, and the last area does branch out somewhat but in that area, you have to hit most of the branches in a set order anyway. Don't be fooled by the description as there is not much content, and they use the word ""many"" overly liberally. Two difficulty levels is not ""many"". 10 Steam achievements doesn't generally count as ""many"", in comparison to other titles. And I'm sure 10 pieces of collectable equipment (not counting the two you start with) and three obtainable skills (not counting the two you start with) don't sound particularly impressive, either.Secondly, the game has some embarassing bugs. One of which will infuriate completionists. There's a bug in the game that sometimes makes some treasure chests and/or puzzle pieces start out pre-opened/collected by the time you get to them late in the game, and you don't get the credit for them, which makes your savefile permanently unable to attain that achievement (forcing you to start over if you want the achievement). This bug has been known for at least a month, judging by a skim reading of the Steam community, and still has not been patched at the time of this writing. Additionally, one of the bosses has projectiles that don't even move when launched and just sit there for the duration of the fight. Finally, using alt+tab to switch in and out of the game in fullscreen mode messes up your aspect ratio if your native aspect ratio is 4:3 and not widescreen, causing the game to lose its letterbox effect and stretch the image unnaturally.It just doesn't feel like much effort or thought was put into this game at all, aside from the visual design. In turn it winds up being very forgettable. Since I got it for so cheap I'm not particularly incensed at the cost, and I'd say it's worth the 60 cents it's on sale for (as of this writing). I wouldn't pay the full price for it though, personally, at least on gameplay merit alone.Still, though, it's a start. The developer might have some potential here on future works, but he needs to think bigger if he wants to put down any real opening price on future works. If you're reading this, Mr. Brassaud, then my advice to you is this: Up the ante. Go all in. Invest more time and effort into your next project. It will show. I wish you the best of luck in future projects."
,Not Recommended,444720,28909887,Posted: 1 January,all,Teisel,"The platforming is poor, story is almost unnecessary because the gameplay doesn't match, and the three boss battles I've been to so far are ridiculously basic. Maybe I'm expecting too much out of this game, but it really feels like a chore to play.The title is oddly appropriate though; What's in Inexistence is this games' fun factor."
,Not Recommended,444720,26459633,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Rajma Rose,"This game is TOO short for my taste (I guess it was to expected seeing that one of the achievements is finishing it under 2 hrs...). I'm a man who enjoys the story portion of games there was hardly any.In fact it's down right forgetable to a point you just want to get through the game rather than enjoying it.Difficulty-wise it was... alright for normal enemies. That pacing between saves was just right. Although I somewhat expected more from the bosses. I only found one that I thought was more of a challenge only to be dissapointing like the rest (Huh, kind of like Dark Souls in a way).Soundtrack and graphics was great and the enemy design is great as well but that's pretty much what this game has going for it. Although I would like the character display the equipment I equip on him.Finding loot was more of a hassle rather than a reward. One of the best swords is in a chest you can't acess until you go the next level, kill a certain boss, and come back. Assuming you remember to go back by then becasue you're fighting so many enemies in between.The combat leaves something to be desired. It's quite stiff and the enemies either tank it or get stunned. Would like to see more combos and keep the figthing interesting. Same thing as magic, it should have more uses in combat rather than hitting just switches. Newer spells would've been appreciated.Like I stated before this game is too short, There's a total of FIVE LEVELS. Some are longer than others by a bit so yeah on average it'll take you and hour or two on first play. Looking at the overall map there could DEFINATELY be at least 5 more or so there's an entire island to use. It may feel like you'll be figthing repettative monsters but it could be forgiven for interesting bosses, character development, and building up the story overall. There is no new game plus.I'll keep playing 'till I 100% it but after that It will be forgotten in the archives.Great concept, good game, terrible story, terrible bosses, and terrible loot.4/10  Feels like a demo only buy on sale like I have."
,Not Recommended,444720,30692722,Posted: 23 March,all,Emo_Girl_2006_xXx,"I first heard about this game on a website I was going to (Forums Zelda-Solarus) and the creator made it interesting enough for me to buy it on Steam.So, first time playing, I was introduced with a XBOX control scheme. Having no controller back then (It was broken) I closed the game right here. My first impression was already negative, it felt like I absolutely need a controller to play.Now, after finally getting my new controller, I can say that I would have missed nothing not playing this. The combat system is so repetitive and not fun, the controls feels responsible, and yet, they somehow feel... off? I don't know, it wasn't fun playing, moving.Every enemy felt slow, you can read every one of their moves way before they attack. That's usually a good thing, but it just felt so frigging slow. Bosses are the same.Maps are linear, they feel like huge hallways most of the time. Only the last place isn't, but it's almost the case.The story could be explain in two lines, the game is totally forgettable. You can see lots of inspiration from Zelda in it, and yet, the game feels more like a Castlevania."
,Not Recommended,444720,23930130,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,DEATH,"Mediocre Castlevania clone. Has a world map quick travel which only works for the first 5 areas than the final area is much larger and requires a lot of backtracking to get through. Leveling system is useless, can only upgrade 2 points every level up which is extremely weak. Only upgrade worth it is HP and you can max that out in like 10 levels. Early areas are linear and boring with no interesting design or mechanics. Final area is very maze-like and tedious as hell. Enemies are generic and repeated and recolored so many times through out the game. Even different enemies have the same attacks. there's about 4 main types of enemies: Walkers which literally just walk around randomly, Flier which fly around with a certain pattern, Meleers which have a single melee attack, and sprayers which spray a fire-like attack out, this attack shows up a lot in the game. There are a few other enemies too but these four are the ones you will be fighting again and again.Bugs and glitches show up often in the game. Dialogue is poorly written too. There's a bug in the stat screen that shows the max HP being 600 when it's actually 840. There's only one ""magic"" in the game which is a single quick projectile which depletes a magic bar that slowly recharges. I thought the music and graphics were pretty good although felt a bit inconsistent at times. The programming, AI and design is completely awful though. Enemies mostly walk around like zombies, doing nothing and meleers and projectile enemies often attack away from you. This happens with bosses too where you can get behind some bosses and just repeatedly hit them as they don't seem to turn around.Overall it's pretty bad, not even worth a dollar. There is no point in playing it. This game doesn't get anything right. The very basics of the game feel wrong and it's so shallow it doesn't even begin to have a clue on what a good game feels like. Skip this one and look for something else."
,Not Recommended,444720,25493448,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,[AlphA] Bodock,It's like the demo of itself
,Recommended,444720,28823658,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Poison Lady,"A quite short but very well-packed Metroidvania.You won't have any trouble to know where you should go, as the game is very linear, even if you can still explore a little to find weapons, armors, items and puzzle pieces, sometimes after defeating a powerful foe. Yes, the storyline is short, and the scenario quite anecdotal. But you won't be disappointed with the action/plateform part of the game, which works perfectly, with a good dodge system and some epic boss battles, including a challenging one (who didn't lose against Scylla?).The game's not very difficult to beat however, since there are a lot of save points, which is perfectly fine to me.The pixel-art graphics are good (especially when you play in windowed mode), depicting the classical environments you can expect from a Castlevanai-like, but the soundtrack really is the biggest surprise of the game, with some true audio gems inside (the moutain's theme).So yeah, Inexistence can't pretend to equal its model, but is good enough to keep you hooked for a few hours, and even make you go back to it from time to time."
,Recommended,444720,26530978,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,l3v1l33™,"this game is very short. i mean short, short. i beat it in 1.8 hours. i go everything. the i started to mess with the settings and i do 999 dmage now. broke the game 10/10 value number 12."
,Not Recommended,444720,23663310,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,IT'S IN THE BIBLE,"Beat the game in an hour or less. The rest of my play time was from leaving the game open while I was out of the room.The movement and combat is choppy. Every enemy is fought in the same manner, enemies are recycled and the ending promotes♥♥♥♥♥♥incest?You can glitch a few ledges, You can die when moving from one screen to the next if you go through at the right point (not dying from anything actually in the game), you can die during cutscenes. If you change any options such as sound and then die the options will be reset to what they were the last time you saved.The final boss will just stand there and let you hit him. Enemies attack away from you and let you kill them. The leveling and items have little to no effect on the game.I got this on sale for $2.99 and it was not money well spent by any means. To call it a metroidvania is a joke. The game is about as linear as Super Mario Bros."
76561198074494544,Recommended,444720,26407535,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Kudo,"It's fun to play. It is not super easy and not super hard.The developer also added an Walkthrough with concept art. What is in my opinion a plus!Of course it's an indie game and you can play it through in less than an hour, but hey if it's in a bundle, go get it !"
,Recommended,444720,30350243,Posted: 5 March,all,Dangerous Beans,"Pretty good adventur platformer. The writing is childish, but the game is fun to play."
76561198149573721,Recommended,444720,28104865,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Neian,"cool , only problem is there is only few maps.well... its an Island so expected"
76561197991586360,Recommended,444720,23101872,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Tetsuo 6.7,It a good game just be aware that its only 3-4 hours at most. I dont see any replayability or new game+.If you can get it on sale worth the buy.
76561198056427781,Recommended,444720,22618681,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Coal48,"-you cannot skip cutscenes-you can't see how much HP you have when using potions in the inventory-the coin pop-up would be better placed in the corner of the screen instead of above your head-there's no map, except one for the castle you can buy, which you need to go through the inventory to see and it's not very precise-could have better controls, namely, using L1 (PS3) for dashing and R1 for teleporting-could have auto-attack when holding the attack button-could have checkpoints instead of the ""old-school"" save systemDespite its flaws, it's still a nice MetroidVania game"
,Recommended,444720,24060156,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,A Rapping GOAT,"Very easy for the majority of the game until you encounter bosses, for which you will need to grind for experience in order to defeat. Grinding took up the majority of playtime to be honest, although that was on the highest difficulty, so perhaps the level gap between minor enemies and bosses is lessened on other settings.Story is uninspired, and the ending is pretty overt with what I have to imagine the writers though was a clever reveal, but it wasn't. Graphics are quality for what they aim to achieve. Controls respond slowly when using a controller, but it is tolerable.  My biggest difficulty with this game was that I couldn't find a map and so navigation was tedious and you'd have to remember your exact path if you happen to die.Aside from the grinding requirement of hard mode, the gameplay is entertaining enough, however it doesn't warrant the price being that there are games equal to or better than Inexistence for a lesser cost.Get it on sale."
76561198036336832,Not Recommended,444720,23775051,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,facebreak,"Pretty fun game, short and not without gitches though.  There are these 7 puzzle pieces throughout the game, thought I had them all so I checked the menus to see that I was missing one.  After watching a youtube vid to make sure I can count to 7 and rechecking all the spots, come to find out the game dicked me one.  Had them all, but game said I didn't.  past that there are these dragon things that I would thing are suppose to be floating around so I can hit them, but they are under the screen, can just see the top of them.So 6 bucks for like 2 - 3 hours of game, maybe a little more if your an achievement ♥♥♥♥♥, not worth"
,Not Recommended,444720,25279107,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,MrPuzzlez,"I started this game with some glee because it looks similar to Castlevania, but when I started the stage, I can only see the background and hear sound effects.  Is there an option that I need to do?  Am I missing something(besides the stated obvious).  Can't recommend a game that I can't play."
,Not Recommended,444720,28164036,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,psyCtrl,"Ultimately just a mediocre platformer, that's lacking in depth. Somewhat amusing for an hour or two."
,Not Recommended,444720,30067663,Posted: 20 February,all,limelight1210,"What made me ultimately give this game a thumbs down is the ending. It's absolutely absurd. If it is insinuating...something disgusting- which I believe it is- I wouldnt have played it in the first place. Im all for shock value but just...ugh...im not going to spoil it here but it really made me upset and unsettling. The protagonist made it worse.Secondly, i didnt realize there was a map until about 30 minutes before i finished the game. Its designed like a typical metroidvania map, except this one doesnt show you precisely where you are (like the blip from SoTN)- it just highlights the room youre in.Finally, the final castle has some really terrible design to it. I turned a water valve to...fill up a room with water so i could swim upward?? Ok..."
,Not Recommended,444720,31944698,Posted: 24 May,all,nothappy,"Combat doesn't appeal to me, and that's a game breaker.Also, minor thing, but what the ♥♥♥♥ is up with the jump sound?"
,Recommended,444720,23721193,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Jarazz,"Fun with and easy to play, the game takes a Castlevania type of approach and does an excellent job at that. Respect to the creator, good controls, great gameplay, and to fun to play."
,Recommended,444720,28824283,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Tomcat94,"I don't remember how I heard about this game, but I had this game on my wishlist for months and kept forgetting about it until I was 50 cents short of a trading card during a winter sale purchase. It's not much, but doesn't really claim to be more than what it is, either. I played this while waiting for another game to download in the background.Pros:+ Tight controls (Not the tightest, but still tight enough to where most of your mistakes are your fault)+ Costs less than a soda when it's on sale+ Trading Cards and Achievements+ Great controller support with rumble+ Visuals and audio are mostly consistent and make the game really feel like a SNES gameCons:- Requires administrative privileges (Why??? This killed any desire I had to keep this on my living room steambox. Means I can't play it without a keyboard attached to my living room PC.)- A little too linear for what claims to be a metroidvania- Magic is useless beyond shooting at a switch or teleporting; while I didn't spec into it, your magic pool is so small and regenerates so slowly that it just ends up being quicker to rely on melee- The writing is almost embarrasing at timesMixed:~ Story is weak/forgettable, felt like the twist ending was shoehorned in and could have been more impactful by having the world you explore, equipment you gain, and enemies you fight tie in with it somehow~ Level design goes from linear to labrynthine without warning and makes the last level arduous~ The skills you learn, while nothing new, serve mainly to progress the story, don't add anything to the other mechanics, and doesn't give much of an incentive to go back and explore areas you've already been to.~ The most expensive equipment you can buy ended up being underwhelming and not worth the time it took exploring to find enough coins to buy it with, but it's still entirely possible to play to the end without them without much troubleAll in all, it's genuinely not that bad. It's not without its flaws, but for the price of admission ($0.59 at a 90% discount) it's a fun action platformer. I hope the developer learns from this game and improves on the next game he makes in this genre (if he ever does)."
,Recommended,444720,23616927,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,mordlikeafox,"very good, i got it on sale but well worth the full price."
,Recommended,444720,23224678,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,bulmabriefs144,Too short. Also the ending glitched (repeated the credits and the last scene).Okay game otherwise.
,Recommended,444720,22540055,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,ArlingtonSummers,"My rating: 7/10If you enjoy old school Castlevania games, this is for you. It is no terribly long or complex, but it gets the point along in the amount of time it offers. I played with a controller, and those controls worked well; an important part of these games. I played my first and only run on hard mode, and it was difficult at times, but not controller breakingly so.The most glaring flaw I found, was that enemy hit boxes, especially larger ones, are not always obvious. When trying to hit an enemy, you will be either missing or running into the enemy by mistake. Like all things, we learn as we do, but the weapon's reach could stand to be a tad longer to allow for hitbox forgiveness.Fun game, decent price."
76561198043916689,Not Recommended,444720,28638960,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,yey3,"This is a game that tries to be a metroidvania..but greatly misses the mark,,Don't get the guide...its too linear to even need it.."
76561198132354359,Not Recommended,444720,23159857,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,TastyNutz,"I can see myself enjoying this game on a hand help device but not for PC. This game is good but lacks a few things. Like Story and dialog. Is it worth 6 dollars? yes. Is it worth more? nope....... i rather buy tissue paper and lotion *Wink Wink* :)Here is a quick gameplay if you're interested. <3 Also. If you like metroid and Castlevania, but for kids. This is the game for you.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V5cY8Y6qShI"
,Not Recommended,444720,27248335,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,aRatFlail,"After giving this game very, very little of my time I'm going to go ahead and put it down and get a refund. Why do I want my fifty-nine cents back?- Sounds are ridiculous. Every time you jump it sounds like somebody banging on a very large, very cheap drum.- 'Combat' consists of stringing together a whole two button presses...one shortly after the other...and firing a magical projectile in a straight line.- The levelling up system consists of a point dump that seems worthless to do anything but pour into strength, both from what I've seen and what others have stated.- Uninspired level and monster design right off the bat. Small, green haired, two-footed things that looked suspiciously like reworked goombas, plants with yoshi-shaped heads that spit fire and don't even turn when you jump behind them, and pit-dwelling hopping critters with big eyes and pincers.- A Legend of Zelda reference. Seriously. The shop-keeper is named Sahasrahla and even is an old man who helps the hero.These simple sins alone take away and detract from the entire experience. The game isn't fun, it isn't challenging that I can tell, and it sure as hell isn't original given the monster designs plug off of goombas and petey pirahnas and the first helpful NPC you meet is named after a LoZ character."
76561197991893622,Recommended,444720,22527756,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,qedrakmar,"Short and sweet, this game was most definitely an homage to Symphony of the Night.  I mean, like, blatantly."
76561198012358917,Recommended,444720,24258838,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Diamonti,Cool game
76561198027983219,Not Recommended,444720,21448818,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,poobah_kryos,Waaaay too short for what you pay. I would pass on this one unless they triple or quadruple the content.
,Recommended,444720,31601470,Posted: 7 May,all,Radio Bug,"To be honest, it's one of the best indie side-scrollers i've played. It is surely in the top five."
,Not Recommended,444720,32027168,Posted: 28 May,all,Gorkie,Soooo Bad
,Recommended,444720,22430901,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Darxim,"""Vast world"" is a blatant lie.  The game is short, but for what you're paying, it's worth it.  They probably should've just made more content and upped the price.  If you want a short, retro, metroidvania-type game, this is a pretty decent one.  It's definitely worth its pricetag."
,Recommended,444720,22520410,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,[Skrub] Puds,"It's super okay.The story made zero sense, as much as I wanted it to go deeper.The ending was extremely anti-climactic.. And confusing.Combat was okay, even though double striking wasn't always functional.The enemies follow thusly:Microsoft Word Paperclip's angry cousinMange deerGreen mange deerPedo Goblin with bucket and hatYoshi's Island CaterpillarSkeleton dadSkeletonTerraria eyeballsAngry Step-dadYoshi-head vinesPuffer Fish CorpsesUpside-down troutAngry green tribblesAngrier green tribblesAlien teddy bear with lanceZombieIodine zombie.. You get the idea. They're as default as things come.There's zero replay value unless you want to grind really hard.Save points are well placed.Written dialog is awful and clunky.It's super, duper 'okay.'"
76561197976329496,Recommended,444720,21538781,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,LoneRobo,A fun metroidvania game! The game is a bit short (it took me ~4 hours to beat on hard mode) but definitely worth the money. I encountered a few minor bugs but nothing game-breaking. This is a great game to while away a lazy weekend afternoon!
76561198057550361,Recommended,444720,21596649,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,lunylunais,Very cool game! Beautiful scenery and fun enemies. Definitely would recommend :)
,Recommended,444720,22509716,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Crème fraîche,"wonderful little platformer. Not unforgivable but far from easy. great mechanics, simple narrative, just a nice relaxing rogue like platformer. if you like castlevania, megaman, rogue legends, or shentae games, this is for you!!"
,Recommended,444720,23687522,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Spawn of Totoro,"It was on ok game, though a short one. Finished in 3 under hours. Would most likely be longer for someone who goes for all the achivements and tries every difficulty level.Ending wasn't too good, honestly, unless I am missing something.I do not feel the game had much replayability, but at the price I paid ($2.99) it was worth it.Seems to have been a little bug in play through. Despite going to all the puzzle pice locations (double checkedon youtube), I seem to have been missing one of the pices and could never locate it. This prevented me from finishing that part and getting an item. The item didn't matter though as I beat the game anyways.If you like old school games (Nes/Snes), then you may like this. If you are hoping for something more modern, then this isn't the game for you."
,Not Recommended,444720,24485165,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,S7.RainbowDash,"Cheap, short, boring, grindy, not fun."
,Not Recommended,444720,30156286,Posted: 24 February,all,Bruudwin,All the other bad reviews got it right. i'm just another thumbs down here.
76561198041839582,Recommended,444720,22508867,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Dante Scales,"In a few words, this is a short game, but it's not shallow.  I can't say I would be the person to due more than two playthroughs.  As my play time say, 3.4 hours give or take.I really like the simple graphics, the story is surpisingly good for being simple and the ending is so sad, but fitting for how everything happened.There are a few minor things I noticed, one which I'm going to assume as a bit of memory leaking in one area (it has a bunch of flying heads, so maybe it isn't).Then is some challenges with combat being very simple, they reconmend a controller and only use four of the...many buttons inputs, outside of the joystick, which might as well be a dirrectional pad.I couldn't really tell what each stat did, (strength is damage, defense is decrease amount of damage taken, health is health, but the others are...well, magic...more magic damage?)  I could guess them, but there is something missing.Outside of that, its fine.story time,Everything starts and ends with a fairly interesting idea, ""Wake up, can you here me...?""  I'll admit, I thought I might find something amazing from the entire story, but it really ended up with a few conversations between the hero (Hald) and the villian (Claos).  When the final came I was quickly saying, ok this is too easy, but after I see some trouble with the next part, but its kind of easy.  Then at the end it all ends and as Claos says, this is all a illusion and without spoiling anything, the ""hero"" wakes up.  I can see a really painful truth to what is happening and I can't help, but cry.  (If you really want to know, beat the game already, really there is a achievement for 1:30 full playthrough time, come on!  Even the price is low.)  After seeing the credits I really have to wonder what is going on with the maker, did something like this happen to him at one point or was it something else?  Either way, play the game, its good even without the story.My biggest complaint, just how sort the game was.  There isn't much replay value, but for what's there its worth the price tag.  I'm almost disapointed with game titles that say, metriodvania and turn out to be really small.  I normally think of metriodvania as something simalar to the origonal metriod games, if not castlevania, which again had the simlar style.  Long, branching paths the require you to go back once you got some form of upgrade.Over all, I'll give a 8/10 ... Size is always a plus, but for how much is here this is worth the price.  I say this is a great little game and I'm a little disapointed I missed it until now."
,Recommended,444720,22386040,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Barf Dumpster,"Inexistance is a pretty standard metroidvania, very close in style to the post-SotN Castlevanias.It's a fairly fun game, the mechanics are solid, the retro graphics work (although sometimes the sprites's styles don't completely match) and the soundtrack is catchy.It's a very, very short and easy game, unfortunately. 3-4 hours tops. The level design is also boring in some areas (oh my god the library at the end is DULL). There just isn't enough of everything. Not enough enemies, not enough skills, not enough equipment... this is both a good and a bad thing. It's bad because I want more, but it's good because I WANT MORE!Given how solid the rest of the game is, I'd love to see something bigger and more ambitious from the dev. Hopefully the money I spent on this will go towards an even better game!Note to the dev: You forgot to translate Soeur's during the ending. Probably confusing for other players who don't know French! :D"
76561198015790597,Recommended,444720,22056179,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Space Snootch,Great little gem.  It doesn't take long to play through but for the price it's worth it for this little SNES style Metroidvania
,Recommended,444720,21582314,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Le_Gertrude,"Just a word : Wow! It's been a while since i played an indie game with such a good gameplay! I won't spoil you anything if I tell you that the story is anecdotal but damn what a good gameplay! If you liked Rogue Legacy, you will enjoy this ""Inexistence"". Simple but technical. The dodge is well implemented. I also liked very much the character evolution ( a tip : put everything on the attack!)A game that worth his 6$."
,Recommended,444720,22327634,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Osinagi,"As everyone mentioned this is a Metroidvania style game. The game is not big and hard, actually it is fairly simple and easy to pick up and play trough on Hard even. It is a very enjoyable game that i would recommend to anyone who likes metroidvania style games. But don't expect something complex, this is a fun chill game."
,Recommended,444720,22114354,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Grundefsun,Like Simon Belmont in the castle painting. The ending left me feeling sort of gross.
,Not Recommended,444720,22524168,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Al Djeafnte,"Pros:  Tight controlsCons:low res pixel graphicsExtremely simplistic gameplayExtremely simplistic game designExtremely simplistic traversalExtremely simplistic boss designExtremely shortAlmost no meaningful exploration elementsAlmost no actual progression elementsMap lacks any indicators, and has no shortcut to accessOne boss can kill you during your ""victory pause"" because of stage hazardsUnimplemented featuresThis is a basic flash game sold for money.  It's babby's first metroidvania.The game is not necessarily bad, but this is something you would expect as a school final project, not a commercial release.  The best weapon in the game is available before the one that precedes it.And then you beat the game, and you get the cliche indie artistic ending.  Wont spoil it if you want to play, but it's painfully dumb.  It's the kind of ending that likes to say ""No, the game was simple so that you could get my really clever ending"""
,Recommended,444720,22536587,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Hahahrawrrahaha,"A great, short La Metroidvania game with an unexpected ending. Worth every penny."
76561198299760993,Recommended,444720,22531395,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,rubindizop,Cool game
,Not Recommended,444720,23871520,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Vento Uivante,Shallow and Bugged.
76561198042628923,Recommended,444720,21321063,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Kloodge,"Dear Developer:Please be informed that your game has been cited for three (3) violations of the ""Action Game Standards and Practices Committe"" (AGSPC) guidelines. The violations are as follows:1) Rule 3, section 2, sub-section 4: Developer shall not force players to sit through long-winded, non-cancelable boss rants before each attempt at killing him, her, it or them.2) Rule 7, section 1 sub-section 3: Developer shall avoid implementing ""knock-back"" that exceeds 1/5th of the screen width.3) Rule 7, section 1, sub-section 4: If developer ignores rule 7.1.3, then it is mandatory that no boss fight take place atop pillars or other structures where player can too easily and uncontrollably fall to their death.Please correct these issues in any further games you develop, or risk losing your good standing with the AGSPC.Thank you,KloodgePresident, AGSPC."
,Recommended,444720,23876801,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,PiLi,gg
,Not Recommended,444720,21295047,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol,"The game glitches out very often, my character can't move sometimes and sometimes my character just goes to the very back of the map...The game looks good and interesting but I'm getting a refund because of these stupid bugs/glitches6/10"
76561197996848919,Not Recommended,444720,23937183,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,AlgoRhymes,I didn't like this game
76561198038383413,Recommended,444720,24309263,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Proven Paradox,"I wouldn't get it at full price, but with a good sale this is worth a few bucks. It's very short (I got most of the achievements in less than three hours) and rough around the edges, but there's a lot to like here. It's less Metroid and more Vania for what it's worth.Do NOT get the guide. The game is not nearly complex enough to need one."
,Recommended,444720,24598737,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Netherfiend,"A decent indie action platformer. A very basic beginner's Metroidvania maybe (though only two skills are added later, and they have minimal effect on pathing. However the game is mostly competent all around, and I look forward to future games by the developer. The bottomless pits are a pain if you haven't saved recently, but you start with a skill to keep you from being knocked into one by an enemy, so that helps. The game is well paced, and the retro graphics and music are decent. I had a good time playing through it once on normal over a couple hours or so, but don't really have interest in replaying on Hard or Time Attack mode."
76561198035900400,Recommended,444720,25195762,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Kromo,"I'm giving this a positive review because there is no ""mixed"" button.It has some pretty serious issues.  It is short, the hit detection is kind of funky, there is not much variety to combat and the jump sound is really annoying after a while.  There aren't any particularly cool mechanics or abilites.  You can also lose stat points by putting them into a maxed out stat.That said, it is pretty cheap (although you should only buy it at a discount) and is reasonably competent. There are a few backgrounds that look pretty nice and the music is inoffensive.  There is some ok level design.  There is some nice ""conditioning"" where you are exposed to an element in a relatively safe manner, and then it ups the challenge with a few new variables.Not great, but I enjoyed my two hours with it. It was worth the two dollars I paid for it. Do I want to go back to it? Not really. Would I recomment it at full price?  No. Really only recommended if you are fiending for a metroidvania fix. I believe this was made by one person (and I admire that)...but unfortunately...it shows.Please note there was an almost game breaking glitch where, back tracking after fighting the underwater boss caused the boss room to spawn the boss again, except without a hitbox, meaning I couldn't hit it, or it me, but the doors would not open.  Bringing up the menu makes the boss disappear, so if you bring up the menu before going into that section with the boss should cause it to not spawn and you can proceed as normal. Is there more of this in the game?  Maybe, so buyer beware. I also think one of my puzzle pieces glitch out after I collected it, then died, the item was no longer in my inventory, which sucks."
76561198065394171,Recommended,444720,27725882,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Moggoblin,"All in all the game is good for a one man projectbut definitely not the bang for the buck. The dev-loper put effort into this, still there is much thatcould be done. Still it is good if you have to killsome time, but due to the small amount of contentonly one time :D"
,Recommended,444720,28049890,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Zio,"This game is anything but perfect, although it's perfect if you want a glimpse at of what a Metroidvania feels like.It's pretty rough around the edges but still a fun experience suitable for newcomers to both gaming and metroidvania-style games. Even ""Hard Mode"" is hardly a challenge playing it the normal way. You'd have to put your own difficulty in for that to work, like not leveling up your stats or keeping to inefficient equipment.Sound's good and not getting on your nerves, graphics look better on smaller screens, monsters are ok, bosses are good (but each is easily defeated), translations are a bit off but there's not much of dialogue anyway.Roughly 2 hours per playthrough with a story that could have gone deeper but the outcome still is rather impressive for such a small and short game."
76561198008186549,Recommended,444720,31939470,Posted: 24 May,all,Kirito,Short and simple Metroidvania style game.1 ending1 replay value [hard / time attack for achievement]Get it on discount while you still can.Not sure if it's worth the full price.bugs I have encountered:Opened chest glitchYellow dragon monster spawns glitchy sometimesAlthough they haven't really affected me in any ways.Also Death Pits.
76561198140094006,Recommended,444720,23627914,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Wolfebane_,"Nice game, on the short side but it wasnt so short that it bothered me. Controls were pretty good (keyboard) and that dodge got me out of a couple tough spots. the game did glitch twice; once with not counting a puzzle piece so i could get the medalion and the other at the last boss phase 2 i delt like half health and he died... other than that enjoyable short game worth the 6 bucks."
,Recommended,444720,23601601,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,dragon_blade,What i playedGot most of the achievements including finding all puzzel pieces  beat the game on hard mode. I also played the game on hard mode first. I only died a few times.I found a couple of small minor bugs with in the game and the developer was quick and responsive with what i found so A+ there!This game is your basic action platformer with metrovania like properties. There will be paths you come across which you can't access unless you have a certain skill. Also seems this dev likes hidden walls so what may seem like a dead end you may want to explore anyways.Some enemies can be annoying at times like those stupid floating eye things in the castle *grumbles* theres also this one thing and i will call it a thing that likes to throw a bag then run back and fourth like a maniac. Not much to the sound track but whats there is good.The small puzzels this games has to solve half the time i didnt even know i solved them. Truth be told they ere probebly just easy and i didnt even notice. There are of course rpg elements with in this game as you kill monsters you gain exp after you level up you can choose what stats to assign points to this system works well.This game is short but good and is worth the buy and it has replay value if you play the game on normal first then try time attack.
76561198078122880,Recommended,444720,24352582,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Zerkace,"Like the others said, it's short: I took my time and finished the game in a bit more than 2 hours (there's only 5 stages).That being said, it's a good game. If you like Castlevania, it's worth a shot."
,Not Recommended,444720,29488334,Posted: 25 January,all,Stalinbrad,"With bland combat that doesn't offer a lot of attack/defense options, pushover boss-fights that go down on your first or second try, and have attack patterns you can memorize after seeing them once, Inexistence just sort of left a bad taste in my mouth. It's short, and I'm not really sure why there's an equipment system in the first place considering there's not that much equipment to obtain. Items might as well have been out the window as well, because there's two or maybe three you can use, and not once did I have to use an antidote because I never got poisoned. The game has some very interesting spritework, and at a glance it looks like it might be an impressive experience, but it's short, the enemies are predictable, the combat is bland, and the story is well. There's a twist at the end of the story that is one of the most bland and tasteless twists you can possibly make in a story. I suppose it's supposed to be evocative or shocking, but all it did was make me roll my eyes. Pass this one up. You'll just disappoint yourself."
,Recommended,444720,32758332,Posted: 24 June,all,Lara Croft,"I don't know what to think about this game.GRAPHICS:The style of the graphics is very mixed. Some graphics use dithering, some use not, some use black outlines, some use darkened outlines, some look flat and boring, some look detailed and top-notch.The developer should hire an artist which has an unified style.Some maps look well designed (Ice Cavern for example), some look dull and boring (Mountain)GAMEPLAY:The game hasn't many things to offer. It is very linear and has no side/optional levels.The Controls in this game are somewhat clunky. Attacks in midair are canceled as soon as you touch the ground and theThe Leveling is very toilsome in this game. Because one point of Strength equals exactly one point of damage.It would be better to work out a better formula for Damage Calculation (For the Developer -> Look at FFX Damage Formula. You can deal much more damage if you have one additional point, just to give you a starting point)Magic is pretty much useless. because it is the lowest stat and the damage dealt varies from enemy to enemy without any reason.It offers some achievements like the collection of 7 puzzle pieces that are hidden within the game.The Combat is repetetive and AI is pretty much non-existent. The fights against bosses are repetetive and boring.The Hitboxes of said bosses are questionable. Some Bosses can be damaged by attacking the legs, some are not.AUDIO:Why exactly does the Jumping of the main character sound like a cannon shot?Not to mention that there's no variation for any sound in this game.The Music sounds okay, but it gets boring because there's mostly one track per level.5/10, could be better but shows some potential."
76561198142259772,Recommended,444720,33326798,Posted: 6 July,all,R3DW0LF,This game only took me about 4 hours to beat. It was a lot of fun and I'm sure I missed a lot. I plan on revisiting it eventually.7/10
