user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198006391828,Recommended,445190,31399321,Posted: 27 April,all,jmacjmac006,"Expeditions Vikings, The first 30 minutes.Well I thought it was 30 minutes turns out it was the first two hours. TIme is flying.The character creation options are great. Lots of different options for different play style and honestly my first impression is that replay value could literally come from wanting to try different kinds of characters. Want a super melee? A skilled leader with diplomatic options? A ranged titan with an eagle eye in perception and sense. I am so torn between going melee or ranged spec its crazy.The game starts out with a really interesting story and characters, the dialogue is good and the conversation options, including the special ones you can unlock with skills is great. I really thought this would be a one playthough game from other types of games in this genre, yet the subtle ways conversation and choice can impact what happens and who your companions are and how they respond to you is really very vast and I doubt One playthough will be enough to satisfy my curiosity as to what would of happened had I done this?Honestly my first two characters were super spec melee  and I ended up losing my trail by combat. I decided I reroll as a shield and sword spec and see if I do better that way with a few different skills selected then the last time. Happy to say 3rd time was a charm, I was able to win the duel with no optional help! How did you do your very first time fighting that duel? I'm very happy with my character now and can continue on knowing I'll be ready for future fights with a better understanding of how to build my squad mates and what skills to take from what I learned from these fights.*Combat is excellent. Finally a turned based squad game that does it right. Easy to learn in theory but defiintely will take a few battles to really learn and understand the best ways to use your troops and skills to maximum effect. Finally a game that allows you your true turn. In your turn you can use any character you want in whatever order you want. You can move and attack or attack and move. Example:I move my main melee up to an enemy archer, clearing my archers line of sight, I attack with my archer on the enemey, he hits, I have now harried my enemy and since for my main I took that skill, I'll get a 50% damage boost for hitting a harried enemy. So now I use my main to hit the archer and boom! Archer goes down! With the way they did combat, you have so many variables on how to take down the enemy including traps and so on....really excellent job on combat.I already love the game, which visually is great as well. In short this game offers a multitude of choice within the story and combat, skills and choice are worthy of dragon age origins. If you like squad based tactical combat, with choices that really matter and change how your play through is gonna go... Expeditions Vikings is the game for you.I just wanted to add that this isn't all about combat. Careful management of your home villiage, skills you use and spread through your party are the keys to not only battle but a successful camp to ensure your people are feed, rested, guarded, scouting is done and any crafting you want to do...which is very powerful a skill to have. How you manage your relationships based on your choices throughout the game, the skills for camping when you are traveling and how and when you start upgrading your home (right away) are all key to having fun and being a good leader. Fail at any of these and its going to be a rough road for you and your companions.The game is an upgrade in every way to expeditions conquistador and My only complaint is that they went with a pretty close view of the world eagle eye wise instead of letting you zoom out.they did this purposely I was told via the forums, the devs are very very active with the community on the boards, and Jonas said he did it for performance reasons. While I would perfer to be able to zoom out, I do get it. Like anything else its just a choice that while i find less then great, it would of cost performance the other way so I'm getting used to this super close up view.(not that we have a choice lol)Its really a great game and its going to be bitter sweet when it the journey finally ends.****Side note......The music is actually great. Reminds me a little of that old movie last of the mohicans when they were on the move!******Pro tip, be sure to loot the bodies of your enemies and search the maps you are on, there are a lot of items and materials to be found in containers and so on...even a side quest to be found very early on if you search the farm well enough"
76561198040085835,Recommended,445190,31404593,Posted: 27 April,all,Whitman1855,"So far I recommend this game, however this review is subject to change. I've not spent too much time with Expeditions yet, but so far it's almost everything that I hoped it would be. I've been waiting for a proper period Viking game for quite some time (instead of silly rinse and repeat Viking tropes), and to finally have one that is modeled after the old Infinity era games (i.e. Baldur's Gate, Planescape Torment et al.),for me, is a dream come true. In this game you get to forge your very own Viking chieftain, your goal is to advance the interests of your clan, while also trying to maintain your rule. You do this in a number of ways, but mainly through choice of action, and words. At the moment I can't speak too much about different consequences, however, right from the beginning of the game, your choice of stats shapes npc perceptions, and molds your personal biography (the biographical aspect needs a bit of polish, as it doesn't mention your father's name, but a place holder). Furthermore, your actions shape how the members of your party or hird-as the game calls it-view you, how they view you affects their morale and morale influences how well your party fights.The English writing is localized well, and I enjoy how the developers allowed a few Old Norse names and words into the dialogue. There is some voiced dialogue, but it works similarly to Baldur's Gate where an only a small portion of the dialogue is read by an actor. The little that is there, in my opinion, sounds fine, and there are some proper Scandinavian accents. I will add that I wish that the dialogue was a little less 'modern', but that is something more for real history aficionados, so I won't hold it against the writers. The music is also rather good, typical, but it gets the job done, it does not have the exotic quality of an OST like that of the History channel's Vikings.Graphically, it looks nice. The game looks similar to Pillars of Etternity's engine or the Conquistador game, thus the characters are a bit on the rough side, but the locations, and world look rather nice.There is some decent character customization, but I'd defiantly welcome more. There is enough to keep it from feeling shallow. Your options are not extensive (you can't change every aspect of your characters face e.g. nose and eye shape etc) but there are enough options to personalize your character. You also choose from a few character portraits that are used during dialogue, in time there will probably a mod to add more, or a way to add one's own files for the portrait selection.The RPG element gives you a decent amount of skill customization, and it was seemingly designed to mix and match a few roles. Your stats consist of strength, endurance, finesse, perception and sense. Each of said stats will dictate the role you play (warrior, archer, rogue etc.) When you level up you are given multiple points to spend on passive perks, and combat skills.On the world; you travel around as one would in an old CRPG game, with you leading and your party following behind travelling about the world space. This game world is supposed to be open, so far I've noticed a few closed off areas, but I've not really explored enough to rightfully critique the exploration aspect of the game.Combat is a turn based tactical/strategy game, it is similar to the other Expeditions games, you move on a hexagonal battle map, and take turns attacking the enemy with your party.Story wise, it's essentially like an old Viking tale without the romanticism, you are the new chieftain vying with your rivals for survival as well as honor and glory, so as to reach the halls of Valhalla.  I'm not expecting too many twists and turns. But who knows? There could be a few surprises; I'll speak more on this once I finish the game. Character interaction so far has been well done, there are branching dialogues and multiple options; however I did notice a few options that had the exact same outcome (I reloaded a save, to check this). This game is also supposed to include romance options, but I've not played long enough to speak of them.If people are looking for a more historically accurate Viking game, with a real story and character interaction like an old Infinity Engine game, this is the one to get. I think that the devs put a great deal of love into this game, and they also seem to be sending out patches as I write this.Tentative, 8.5/10. *I will update this review once patch 1.06 comes out, and I play through th egame again.*"
76561198008778965,Not Recommended,445190,31508306,Posted: 2 May,all,CromX,"There is a timer in this game. Its artificial and to be honest so poorly thought out that many people playing the game will not even know there is one. Once your time runs out its game over. Any movement on the main map counts against you and the timer, if you make a mistake and say travel to the wrong town due to unclear quests or what have you, you can easily lose 10% off the timer in that way. Meaning you might not get to see a lot of the content.When you camp the timer runs. All in all it hurts this game and nowhere do the DEVs mention the timer. So if you like to be rushed and just have your game on its own, by all means purchase this game. But if you despise timers and feel its out of place in a RPG setting then stay away you will be disappointing."
,Recommended,445190,33384450,Posted: 8 July,all,Cuchulane,"Finally. After years of searching for a party based RPG that would draw me in to another world and existence, I have found it. I'm a jaded old gamer of 60 that has played every CRPG/ARPG since Ultima and Wizardry, the SSI Gold Box D&D games, Interplay and Blizzard, and everything since up through current releases. More recently I found the occasional game that scratched that itch, but there were a lot more disappointments than hits. While I was able revel in the Witcher series, loving each one more than the last, I was still longing for a party based RPG. This game is what I have been searching for.Beautiful graphics, scenery.Amazing and perfectly fitting music ( one of the view games I haven't muted the music for).Great writing and really captures the Viking Saga feel. I am a bit prejudiced here, having Norse ancestry via Ireland.Exciting and challenging tactical combat, with ""magic"" being more psychological/religious, not mystical.Regarding all of the ""bugs"" posts, I didn't experience a single one. So no idea on that front, but flawless for me. Maybe because they have all been patched by now.Having just finished the saga, I'm immediately starting my second playthrough. There are so many paths still to follow. I'm excited already just thinking about it.Oh, and to the developers, Logic Artists. I happily signed up for your newsletter, so if you can create any DLC's in the future expanding on the storylines, I'll happily throw money at you."
,Recommended,445190,31746877,Posted: 14 May,all,Hektor Hernández,"This is an amazing RPG. Tho, a very combat focused one. If you're the kind of person who only ever wants to play pacifistically and solve everything by dialogue, don't even bother reading any further.But if you like hitting things with your axes, this is an amazing game to do it in. The encounters are mostly very well designed (There are virtually no random encounters, i had two throughout 25 Hours of play) and the combat is fun. Seeing arrows flying into someones face or being blocked by a shield feels and looks very well.The combat got enough depth to be challenging, and good lord, some fights can be extremely challenging, but it's not quite extraordinair. Sometimes you'lll still find yourself hitting things rather mindless, like when raiding a church full of civilians.Which brings me to the next point, killing civilians.The game is rather sandboxy in its main quest and allows for a lot of different routes to go down on. The basic premise is that you, new appointed thegn of your families viking clan, are deemed a weak ruler and have to defend yourself and your clan in the next althing at the end of the year. In order to gain strength and propserity you seek out the british isles, while running against a (not very pressuring) clock.But what you do there is entirely up to you. Try to establish trade routes with the kingdom, raise an army and conquere britain, be part of political schemes in order to gain alliances or just raid, murder and pillage everything and build a strong clan with all your money.I, Hegdor, and my crew from the warship Mabufudyne decided to reinstall a new king in the kingdom of Northumbria, wage war with the picts of the north in his name and make the entirey of britain my ally in the process.The game is extremely reactive in how you do about things. This also includes fail states! More often than not, losing in a fight does not mean the end of the game, but a new, different outcome to your quests and a different story progress resulting out of it. All RPG's should be like this.In addition to that, the game also allows you to toggle the lethality of your attacks in a fight. It's entirely up to you wether you want to kill or only defeat the enemy. Even this can sometimes, tho not always, make major or minor impacts on your quest progress.The third major gameplay pillar of the game is the camping. When traversing the world, your party will get fatigued and hungry which forces you to rest in a camp, as your party will become weak and fragile.The camping allowes you to give all of your party different tasks for different shifts, such as guarding the camp - to prevent being attacked by wolfs and such in the night -, healing Injuries, hunting, cooking and a lot more. It's a very integral part of the game and it's worth having party members specialised in different camping skills as otherwise you're quickly going to run out of food or medicine and will slowly wither away.Basically, it's more of Expeditions: Conquistador, but with a new setting. If you like one you're going to like the other.Very highly recommended for everybody that likes turn based strategy and RPG's."
,Recommended,445190,31482314,Posted: 1 May,all,xemcx1,"played it, liked it, had 0 crashes.encountered 1 bug, wrote it to a dev per e-mail, he answered in less then an hour and told me they already fixed the bug and will put out the next patch for it soon.i dont get how people write:"" i like the game but i cant recommend it.""this game cost me 25 euro ffs, its a pretty rare type of game that i want to see continued in the future, so if you are into turn based rpg with strategy in the mix i recommend this game 100%. If you are turned off by the bugs then wait until they relase the next patch and then buy the game."
76561197985948265,Recommended,445190,31400828,Posted: 27 April,all,Leviathan,"Have been playing Expeditions:Conquistador and liked it. As I'm very much into the old Northmenn I was sure to pick this game up.I'm not disappointed. Combat is compelling and challenging. Charakterbuilding is complex. You have to take care of many factors.The story is engaging and choices ARE meaningful, sometimes hard.the atmosphere is rich and immersing.So far, that game hold all I was looking for and even a bit more. Just wanted to play around a bit and test a battle but I was completely soaked in and played hours non-stop. Best sign, imho.Solid recommendation, quality product!"
76561197998099312,Not Recommended,445190,31516533,Posted: 2 May,all,inter2fold,"EDIT patch 1.0.4I do anticipate changing my recommendation to Yes once the dev's fix issues.  Trouble is, there are a lot of issues.  I loved E:Conquistador.  E:V clearly has the potential to be a much better game than E:C but right now I would not even consider it E:C's equal.  Putting bugs aside, my major complaints so far are as follows (in no particular order).#Custom keybindings are still broken.  I know I said I wouldn't list bugs, but permit me this one exception.  Per 1.0.3, LA has fixed the visibility of the controls from both the main menu and the in-session menu, but custom bindings are still broken.  Per 1.0.4, LA has added numeric shortcuts for the hotbar slots (so at least the related loading screen is no longer a lie), but custom key bindings are STILL broken.  Let's talk about Combat bindings.  Every time a loading screen occurs, the Combat bindings are reset.  Doesn't matter if I changed them from the main menu or the in-session menu.  Doesn't matter if I restart the game.  Doesn't matter if I start a brand new campaign immediately after editing the bindings.  I repeat: ***every*** time a load screen of any kind occurs, the key bindings are reset.  ......There are *six* different files in the InputBindings folder for E:V and so far the only one that has been immune to this keybinding f--kery has been ""default.txt"" which just happens to contain the Exploration bindings.  LA, I say it for the third patch in a row, now: please get organized!!!  The user interface is a game's first impression on a gamer and right now your impression is abysmal.#Disorienting camera jumping during combat.  E:C had a setting in its Gameplay submenu called ""Camera Follows Enemy"" (CFE for short).  By turning CFE *off*, the player could position the camera somewhere on the battlefiend and the camera would remain stationary.  This enabled easy observation of everything that was happening.  In E:V, the CFE setting does not exist anywhere in the menus for the player to disable, but it *is* active in the background by default.  Thus, the camera in E:V constantly jumps from enemy to enemy and from ally to ally.  To say it is disorienting and headache-inducing and limiting of situational awareness would all be gross understatements.  There are times when I have to actually look away from the screen during the enemy's turn because I just can't take the constant jumping - it makes me dizzy and nauseous.  LA, bring the CFE setting back into E:V so I can disable that nonsense!#Camp interface is even less intuitive than E:C, much more complex, and has fewer or less comprehensive mouse-over explanations.  Furthermore, the timelapsed speedy background after clicking ""Make Camp"" is disorienting, unnecessary, contributes nothing to the functionality of camping, and breaks immersion rather than supporting it.#Zero explanation for how to raise morale.  I've been using techniques that worked in E:C but so far no luck.#Inexplicable morale reactions.  Eydis turned from -2 to -10 virtually overnight when I was stuck in camp for nearly a week tending to Ketill's repeat injuries.  (He kept getting injured during random events associated with camping.)#After making numerous custom hirdmembers, I have managed to make a list of what appear to be the grand total of 14 personality traits.  However, there is still zero explanation of what expectations are incumbent with each trait so it is still virtually impossible to gauge what conversation/gameplay choices I should make to manage morale.#Personality traits seem to be assigned randomly to custom-created hirdmembers.  I spend 10-15 minutes building an awesome member of my very own and then they come off the assembly line with a personality that is contrary to my hero's role play?!  Idiocy.  At least in E:C I could *choose* pre-built party members who had personality traits that complemented the way I intended to conduct that playthrough.  I appreciate the goodness of being allowed to create custom fighters, but random personalities are a far worse badness.#No permission to evolve a party member's biological traits over time.  I'd love to give Asleifr more Endurance but not allowed!  Guess he's going to end up being replaced by a random-personality custom hirdmember...#No ability to swap starting positions of teammates upon entering battle.  Could in E:C, can't in E:V (yet, I hope).  I'm sick and tired of having my archer (Ketill) and my support role hero (with low Endurance) start at the front of the party in easy melee range of the enemy.  During ambushes, when the enemy has initiative and therefore first strike, I usually lose one or the other person if not both.  The E:C starting position swap was a beautiful system, very innovative, very effective, very *helpful*, not overpowered, and very appropriate for intelligent in-canon agreed party arrangement (like dungeon crawlers have been doing for over a decade).  Even when I did not have the initiative in E:C, I could still at least swap my characters around so my tanks could take the hits while my squishy members retreated to cover.  ***Please*** bring this system back for E:V.#Repairing gear, either at a blacksmith or by a suitably skilled hirdmember during camp, seems to be unreasonably expensive in terms of materials spent on the repair.  Rebalancing may be in order.#Incessant barrel/crate looting.  I enjoy looting enemies.  I enjoy finding caches while roaming the wilderness.  I enjoy collecting resources that my scouts have found while camping.  I enjoy being presented with treasure chests.  What I do *NOT* enjoy is walking around a major city like Ribe, literally walking into people's back yards and rummaging through personal belongings, looting hundreds of containers that clearly belong to *somebody*, yet not a single person bats an eye until I dare to touch the tiny handful of containers that are marked for ""Stealing"".  Seriously, I feel like LA has condemned the player to be a bottom feeder of society, looting containers while no NPC citizen in their right mind would overlook such a trespass.  E:C gave the player everything they needed for crafting from looting blue chests during exploration and from the spoils of battle.  Yet, in E:V, I feel like I'm that poor homeless guy who walks up and down every suburb block on Recycle Day checking everyone's bins for soda cans and beer bottles so I can return them for a few bucks to buy a meal.There are more issues, but these are the ones that bother me the most right now.  E:V is a strong game with lots of features and huge potential.  I'm already enjoying the combat more than E:C (minus the starting position issue).  Though exploration plays out a bit differently in E:V than in E:C, I am also enjoying that.  I want to give this game the same love I gave E:C.  But at the present time, I simply cannot.  Currently the game feels rough, unpolished, unready, and is in need of much fixing.Provided the above issues are fixed or at least improved greatly, I will happily turn this review into a Yes recommendation."
76561198059106484,Not Recommended,445190,32093024,Posted: 31 May,all,XOXOXO,"As of now, 76 hours played. Why would someone play the game for so long when he actually does not recommend it? Well, let me try to explain.This game is kind of a masterpiece.Writing is excellent and the balance between text and action is ingenious. Thus you have just enough text to read to get emotionally invested in the story, yet not too much text to suppress the action. The balance is there and it is excellent.The music...oh the music. I love the vocals, I love the instrumentals, I could listen to it all day long. The atmosphere it creates is incredible.I am no historian, but to me it looks like this game, like it's predecessor, is fairly historically accurate. And I appreciate this. I learned a lot from Conquistador. Not so much in Viking, but it is above average in gaming industry in this aspect too.So many things to do. I love that. You build a village, manage your hird, while trying to win in whatever way you like - be it trading, helping one of the nations or just conquering them all. You have to manage your resources. Amazing, really.Characters. They are so real it is crazy. The writing is outstanding. I got attached to everyone in my hird and I would go to hell for every each one of them. Their personalities are so diverse and deep. Fairly often when you hear them talk to each other, you will feel like you know each other for years. The feeling of unity is there.There were also philosophical moments. And I appreciate that greatly as I love when game makes me think about my believes.So why the hell, you might ask, you do not recommend the game?! This reads like ""Game of the Year"", decade maybe.That is true. Those I think about this game as one of the best turn-based, rpg and text-heavy game of all time. I do. And I do love this game. But I have problems with it as well. Quite big ones - maybe not for you, but for me they definitelly are.Writing is probably the only thing I can't say a bad word about.While the music is...just...the way it is, one of the best game music, the are PLETHORA of silent spaces. They are so frequent. And there are not many background noises to cover for that. I love music, but I hate silence. And there is a lot of silence.While it is visible they were aiming for historical accuracy, there are a lot of things that does not make much sense. Like all the honey in the cold outside etc. But this is not that big of a deal.What IS a big deal is that fighting for campsites does not let you loot the enemies! And boy you will kill about hundred of them during you playthrough just on those campsites.Also I played beta. It was a final stage of beta just before release and during the beta, I reported more than 50 bugs. And now, patch 1.0.4? A LOT of those already-reported-during-beta bugs are NOT fixed. I get it, there are more important bugs. They have limited human resources. That is all fine. But this is full fledged release. None if this should concern you. It is not beta anymore, it is finished product. But the problem is - while it is finished, it is far from polished. And seeing the same bugs in final release like in beta just kills me. It really does.I did a lot of savescumming during beta. I played on medium and yet it was fairly challenging. And it was at the end of the beta I finally realized how the combat mechanics works! After 40 hours! Now? I played it on insane with literally no problem. I have lost two fights. One was agains wolves that started to escape during the second turn. So there are like 7 or 8 enemies and you have two turns before they start to flee. WTF? Just how? And the second one I do not remember, but I know I lost. It is so easy. Medium in beta was more difficult than Insane in final game. And although there is no ironman right now, I played it like that.In the middle of the second part of the game, you probably have your 6 characters geared out. And I mean they have THE BEST gear there is. After that point, the fights are FAR from challenging. You just do not care and rush them as they hit you for like 20-30 while you have no problem almost one shotting them. The fights become a chore at this point. They are just delaying the story.SO. MANY. BUGS. It is insane.And I could go on. In good things, but mainly in bad things. But I do not want to. Because part of me loves this game like no other. I have a hard time enjoying it though. I will try to play it again and I will try to record every single bug I encounter to help them fix this game for others to enjoy. Because everyone needs to play this game. It is that good.Just...do not play it right now. It is still a beta no matter what the Steam store page says. Wait till it gets fixed. Then I would and will recommend it."
,Not Recommended,445190,31432578,Posted: 28 April,all,tomme25,"First I just want to say that Expeditions: Conquistador was a really good game. So naturally I was really hyped for this game, but sorry to say after playing it for almost 8 hours now it is just disappointing. It feels like I have payed money to beta test to be honest. There are so many bugs in the game, - UI has bugs, quests not working correctly, getting stuck in terrain and so on.Combat at first felt fine, but later on you will encounter groups of enemies that have several archers in their hird and they will often go first in combat. That means that their archers will focus fire down your healers, or anyone else for that matter. Can't say it is fun to start combat with 1-3 men down, especially when your main guy might have been one of the victims.""Hello there great thane, I heard you always get downed in the first 2 seconds of a battle!""This will lead to injuries in which you will have to heal. But from what I understand you can only do this in camps, so if you are in a city you will have to leave that city, go to a predetermined camp spot on the map, and well heal up. It's just tedious. Why can't I pay for an inn or a priest in the city? It kinda hampers the exploration too since you can only camp in these certain spots.Other stuff that are a real pain is the constant looting and map to area navigation. Ribe is a OCD nightmare. You will find random lootable boxes and what not all over the place - sure, you don't have to loot everything but you need all that stuff to survive. Nobody seem to mind you stealing, but at random intervals some of these boxes will be protected. If you loot these boxes you will lose reputation with the city. You do get a warning though, but it is just inconsistent if you look at it from a ""immersion"" standpoint. And be ready to turn your camera every 10 meters to be able to loot since some stuff will be hidden under trees, roofs and what not.The map is disorientating because of the full 360 camera view. The transition from map to running around gets confusing at times, especially since the camera angle seem to reset after leaving a building. It all just adds to the tedium.Wish I could get a refund, but alas... too late for that."
76561198024080920,Not Recommended,445190,31432514,Posted: 28 April,all,Inzu,"I give the game a tentative "" thumbs down"" .After enjoying Expeditions: Conquistador , was very much looking forward to this game.  Using the experience gained in Conquistador, was sure that the developers would nail the tactical side of the game, and my only question was how well the story elements would mesh.  Defying all reason, the story elements are fine but the tactical side is a hot mess.Random character placement at the start of battles ( I'm attacking a village, of course I want my weak healer up front leading the charge ) ,  skills with no cool down ( aimed shot, aimed shot, aimed shot ), no initiative system to stagger when characters act in battle.  Very disappointing.There's also bugs.  Quests that hang up.   Crashes to desktop while playing and loading saves.I'm hopeful that eventually the game will be patched to a better state, but as it is now, it's not worth the current asking price.The game would have benefitted greatly from Early Access or a longer development cycle."
,Recommended,445190,34221044,Posted: 13 August,all,laker,"Do you like turn based games with focus on positioning? Go play it!Do you like viking theme? Go play it!Do you like turn based games with viking theme? What are you waiting for? Go play it!It's a great game with a lot of strong features. But it has some problems.Pros:+ A lot of skills you can use. Many of them are weapon specific.+ Positioning is important. Arrows fly in straight line, not on curve, so you can block whole line of companions with shield or protect yourself by using environment as a cover.+ Character progression is satisfactory, even though I would like to manage characters in more ways than just by attaining new skills.+ Item progression is good. There is a lot of weapons to choose from. The number of armors could be better, but still, it's pretty good. There is a lot of miscellaneous items for de/buffing, blocking the path, traps...+ Some of the guests are really good. Far better than anything in Skyrim or other ""full–fledged RPGs"".+ Your companions have distinct personalities. They are well written.+ Crafting is pretty robust.+ Managing the party and camping is nice change of pace.+ Great soundtrack.+ Graphics are really good for this type of game.+ Animations are good.+ Atmosphere is great. The feeling that life is hard is palpable. You can see that people die because of weather, or nature or by crossing the path of a wrong person.Cons:- Some of the skills are useless. You'll be using the same set of few skills most of the time. Patch focused on balance could help.- Game is trying too hard to show that everything is not black and white. Some quests don't have a good ending. That would be fine, if it was achieved in a logical way. This is unfortunately not the case. Game artificially limits the options to deal with the quests. You can't even abort a quest if you can't role play it properly because of artificial limitations.- UI is bad. Managing the camp is a chore. Entering an area is a chore - why do you always have to select companions if in most cases they will always be the same? Why aren't they pre-selected? Why aren't they at least ordered right next to each other for easier selection? Why is their order changed randomly? There is a lot of UI problems, which will get on your nerves the more you play it.- A lot of bugs. Game crashing. Quests which cannot be finished. Characters falling under the terrain. Half of the area inaccessible due to invisible walls, etc. They tried hard, I can tell. First few hours are basically bug free. But they evidently didn't have enough time/resources and majority of the later game is full of bugs.- There is only four or five different camp maps, and if you'll set out to clear all of the camps, it will get tiresome pretty fast."
76561197995656171,Recommended,445190,31452318,Posted: 29 April,all,RagingPapist,"An awesome blend of RPG and exploration.  Its been a very, very long time since I was able to invest myself in an RPG like this.  The combat difficulty is toned down (for me) from Conquistador to th point where the difficulty actually makes sense.  The characters are well fleshed out, and the narrative makes you keep wanting to play.Good elements:- Combat mechanics (not too hard, not too easy - balanced)- the story narrative (excellent little time capsule into the histoy of the time.  Aside from some modern language, you get a feel for how characters may have thought and felt about daily life and events).- art style- trade system- settlement building (ever since Suikoden back in the day I've love building settlements)Bad elements- bugs, bugs, bugs (at the time of release, but the devs are already working on a 1.02 patch)- time contraints.  They are there for the purpose of the narrative.  Its reasonable, but takes away from the sandbox feel of the game.All in all, I HIGHLY areccomend this game.  Its an awesome blend of RPG and exploration.  Its certainly not a total sandbox game, but I like the characters and especially the world they built so much that regardless of bugs, I just want to keep playing."
76561198065075494,Recommended,445190,32339903,Posted: 11 June,all,Eyeless Pilot,"At the time of writing I have played 10 hours of a normal difficulty playthrough.  So far I love it, combat is fun and the mechanics of it are easy to get to grips with.If you don't enjoy reading ridiculous amounts of text, this game is not for you.  Very little is voice acted, so most of the story is conveyed through text.  From what I have seen so far, the story is very strong... Similar in many ways to that of the Vikings TV series.The graphics are okay, nothing to write home about and I think the game may be poorly optimised.  I say this because I am running a Titan X Pascal @ 3440 x 1440, highest settings and currently getting high 20s FPS (bear in mind, mine is a system that can knock out Witcher 3 with FPS in the hundreds).  Loading times are also ♥♥♥♥ing savage which I was quite suprised by as the areas, while full/busy, are not particularly big.Sound is pretty good too, music and ambient effects set the tone well, I could probably just sit and listen to the music without the game on to be honest.Combat is enjoyable (remember it is turn based, if you are after hack and slash or real time, look elsewhere).  It feels weighty, characters go down quickly and it feels quite realistic in a sense.All in all, given it's relatively low price and the amount of play I will probably get from it I'd give it a solid 8/10.  Room for improvement bit if you are a fan of strategic and turn based RPGs, you should definitely try this.Edit:  Cancel what i said about frame rates, I have them locked at 60 at the moment and they seem to be staying there quite nicely."
76561198025385275,Not Recommended,445190,31499100,Posted: 1 May,all,Qiox,"Can't recommend it in the current state of the game.PROs- Interesting character development- Enjoyable turn based combat- Build synergies among your characters pays off if used effectively- Nice setting- Varied questsCONs- Buggy as hell:  Crashes, Quests, Skills, UI- Terrible time limit mechanic that will give you a ""game over"" screen if you explore the game worldOnce the bugs are patched out it will be a very nice game.There is a console command to let you rewind the clock, to circumvent the timer.If you buy it, go in looking at it like an early access and the rough state of the game won't bother you so much."
76561198090083821,Recommended,445190,32268446,Posted: 8 June,all,dj010a7802,"This is a great game, I know many were discouraged by the bugs at the initial release, now stable and fun to play. If you are looking for a polished, AAA, fully voiced game you will be disappointed. As a solid Turn based RPG with some strategy in combat it rocks. Best game I bought this year and that includes Andromeda and a few other AAA titles."
,Recommended,445190,31675669,Posted: 10 May,all,Teddybear,"I bought this game on a total whim...mainly because it popped up in my suggested titles.  Boy am I glad that I did!  This game is not a flashy, graphics extravaganza (it's very, very dated).  However, I have found the gameplay to be fun, the story intriguing and the different strategies on all levels (from turn based tactical combat, to party creation and development, to constructing your settlement) to be so enjoyable that I barely notice the dated graphics.Basically, you play the leader of a Viking clan.  Due to challenges and your clan's own weakness, you are forced to pursue your fortune (and survival) over in Britain.  To do this, you assemble a party who will accompany you, fight and (if you're unlucky or neglectful) die for you.  Throughout the campaign you will assist in the rise and fall of kings, or maybe even conquer Britain for yourself.  Whatever path you take, it is a rich experience that I have found myself getting lost in.  I found combat to be accessible, but also relatively deep with lots of interesting strategies and combinations that can be attempted and rewarding effects when a good strategy comes through (like dropping the Beserker Skakki before he could even take a swing at me).In short, in the last couple years this game is probably the best entertainment for my dollar that I have bought (and I buy a lot of games).  I am finishing my first playthrough (there is quite a bit of good content) and I am already contemplating how I will do my next playthrough.The cons are the dated graphics, a few glitches and crashes and the fact that the campaign itself can sometimes seem very linear.  You really do just sort of run from quest to quest without a lot of open world or sidequesting in between.  If the main story weren't so good, these issues would be game breaking, but I really haven't found that to be the case (and I am normally a huge advocate for open world games).I highly, highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,445190,31400649,Posted: 27 April,all,Iste,"It's got a good turn based combat system and the story seems to be very reactive to your choices. If you liked Expeditions: Conquistador, you'll probably like this one too."
76561198021052170,Not Recommended,445190,31425316,Posted: 28 April,all,Doc BroLander,"Let me state that i really want to like this game. I was a big fan of Conquistador.Positive.The base premise is good. In depth character creation, interesting setting, factions and all the other systems from conquistador like ressources, injuries etc.But the game is so unpolished.-The written dialouge is good, but the voices are cringeworthy. Not the accents themselves. they are strongly scandinavian, just lack of emotion. You can almost see the script reading.- The combat encounters start you of without the option of placing your peopleMany times you enter combat from running and the lack of a way to control who stands where is frustrating. Especially so given that many times the NCP´s move first.No precombat formation, no ability to place where they start jut instant combat that can leave to party members being downed instanly.Seem like a silly oversight or lack of feature to leave out considering it was in Conquistador- No speed controls. By that i mean no way to increase scroll speed, or combat animations. When there are 15 people on screen moving in a turn based format, i would really prefer an option that allows me to speed up the game.It can drag on quite a bit.-Bugs. My game character has been unable to move 2 times after accepting the same quest ""unwanted guests"" in the forest. Forcing me to what skip it?Some minor things like interface scaling, borderless arent supportedTo me it just feels like the game came out a little to early.------Its frustrating because i feel like it could and should be good, but to me its just not in its current state."
76561198000521868,Recommended,445190,31410247,Posted: 27 April,all,God-Emperor of Mankind,"Was sent to get rid of some rats in a formerly vagrant house, turned out said rats was kids occupying the house.Wanted to teach them a lesson but accidently decapitated a little girl in process ...10/10On a more serious note:The Game is amazing! The world looks amazing and more often than not, I found myself wanting to explore all of it.you find yourself as a thegn of your own village after you father, left to pick up the pieces of his questionable rule at best.As a carcass surrounded by vultures, its up to you to establish yourself as a powerful ruler or fall beneath ambitious neighbours. Will you establish yourself through power of trade or Dane axe?The game offers precise historical accuracy beyond anything, I have seen in other games set in that era. As someone coming from Denmark, being able to draw lines between events and places within the game to real places brings life to the game.Now, Viking is a story driven rpg meaning you will be reading alot and decisions you make matter. Combat is turn based but done so that the enviroment around brings up the tactical scale negating the whole ""Run straight to the enemy, hit them till they die""Voice acting in this game is scarce, usually only found between party members interactions out in the world and it is not the best voice acting out there but nevertheless it brings more life and depth to your hirdsmen as opposed to conquistador.This is a must have for anyone claiming themselves to a Rpg fan.EDIT:after several more hours of playing I have run into some bugs here and there nothing really gamebreaking and the ones that are are easily fixed via the save/load way.this was until just now.. as you can see I currently have 18 hours in this game and have loved every moment of it so far but unfortunately I cant progress any further since the tent I have to access to speak to a certain character only leaves me with a black area with the quest marker pointing to the right... I can move around as showen by my quest marker but everywhere I go its always black and the marker points to the right Hopefully this will get fixed soonEDIT:All fixed now"
76561198123024379,Recommended,445190,34747298,Posted: 4 September,all,Pumble,"With pretty artwork and graphics, and an interesting story and characters, this game comes highly recommended from my experience. A lot of games bill themselves on ""choices matter"" type gameplay, when the reality turns out to be a shallow pool of limited approach that feels deceivingly railroaded.Not so in Expeditions: Viking! You can craft and mould the story and how it twists and turns by the choices you make. How you choose to resolve problems, settle fueds and deal with enemies has an actual impact on the story and the game, and how people react to you from various factions and groups. Telltale Games could learn a lot about what ""choices matter"" gaming really is from the people who made this game.There are some bugs still, which can be annoying, but these things are being eliminated as time goes by, and I even got a response from a developer on my forum question about an issue I was having.If you loved Baldurs Gate or Icewind Dale, and want to see a game like that with more of a ""choices matter"" spin to it, you have to get this game. You should also get this game if you like RPGs, Vikings, beards or longboats.9.1/10 from me."
76561198044744291,Not Recommended,445190,31449122,Posted: 29 April,all,Mindwild,"The game is very interesting, the story is very well writen and draws you in but at the current state of the game I can't recommend it for several reasons -1) Bad scripring - I'll explain with an example.  There was a group I chased and they laid an ambush on the road. I saw them and decided to come from behind but then the encounter wouldn't start! Only when I passed all the archers in the back (where the mouse cursor attack icon wouldn't work at all) and came to the center the encounter started.2) Bugs - So many bugs, some cause the game to hang for several minutes, some crush the game, some cause an error messages to appear, some quests are bugged and can not be finished, some quests had parts that would not trigger3) Group structure - There is no option to decide the structure your group walks, so you always find yourself in the front. Even when you decided to play a healer/archer/berserkerI hope they will fix these bugs soon and if they do I will change my review."
,Not Recommended,445190,31522328,Posted: 3 May,all,Straight_Miz,"The Game is fun, but has critical issues like bugs where you cant progress anymore and your save file is dead. Bugs, which will let you start the game on Insane and get you slaughtered before you can even move your Characters aswell as missing Quest marker on some quests and im sure i didnt even know all bugs yet.Dont buy it for 30 bucks. Way to much for all of these bugs.Wait and see if the devs actually care to fix them."
76561198050734240,Recommended,445190,31505574,Posted: 2 May,all,Keeping A Promise,"This is an excellent classic tactical RPG with a very well written story and loveable characters. Can't count how many times i've restarted the game just because i wanted to try the story with a different character stats.I've finished the 1st part of the game and encountered few minor non game-breaking bugs.great tactical combat gameplay! finally, how a tactical combat should've been done!"
76561197979895298,Recommended,445190,31403603,Posted: 27 April,all,RetAF,"As an old time gamer, this game is outstanding.  Rich and meanigful text and choices, superb sense of time (700 AD), wonderful, non-fantasy combat.  I am really enjoying this game.  It is compelling to play and you really wonder what's coming next.  9/10.  Only con is a couple more add-ons for the charachter creation.  Wonderful work by people who know their subject--Go Denmark--Go Vikings."
76561197970353257,Recommended,445190,31404444,Posted: 27 April,all,Bjoern,"Very few games manage to make me feel comfortable with my created character right from the start - Vikings accomplishes this with ease. Excellent combat and a story that makes you feel that your choices matter, I am impressed with Vikings.I hope more people try this little gem."
,Recommended,445190,32858227,Posted: 27 June,all,Pak,"Great storytelling.Classic turn-based combat mechanics.No more bugs :) .Totally worth it, now."
76561198170654933,Recommended,445190,31834766,Posted: 18 May,all,brady1228,"This is a lot longer than I intended, so I’m going to put my TL;DR in the beginning. If you enjoy heavy dialogue and choice based RPG’s, and can overlook a few (admittedly large at times) flaws, this is a great buy and 100% worth the money.Great RPG. Super fun if you like heavy dialogue dependent RPG's like Dragon age. I'm sad to say I'd give it an 8/10, because I really think it deserves a 10/10, but there are just too many bugs, exploits, and balance issues. The resolution is never right, and you have to change it for the computer instead of in game. A few quests bugged out and I couldn't finish them. The game crashed a handful of times, which was very annoying, but it auto saves often so I never really lost anything from that. You shouldn’t be able to arbitrage the markets in the game so easily and effectively. If you can find a merchant who gives you better than fair prices you suddenly have infinite resources, and this is quite easy to accomplish if you build markets in your home town. I also don't think we should be able to create our own followers because they're too strong. I felt like I cheated the game by having perfect weapons and perfectly spec'd units before the conclusion of chapter 1 on insane difficulty. Also, I don’t even know the names of any of my characters, because they were all just people I made to specialize in a specific task. They weren’t deep characters that I cared about, they were just separated by their roles and pictures in my eyes. I had 5 pictures dedicated to combat, and 5 dedicated to camping (when you pick up the monk you can have 11 characters instead of 10). Due to how easy it was to specialize everyone and min max everything from an early point, the entire game all my damage characters basically 1 shot everything, and my tanks were nearly impervious to damage. My campers more than effectively kept everyone healthy, fed, and equipped with maxed out equipment well before it should have been available to me. Obviously not everyone is going to take advantage of this to the extent I did, and I easily could have just not done it myself, but for some reason when I find an exploit I just can't not use it. Idk, I'm weird in that way. Furthermore, the Dane axe's final ability almost never works properly, so I just don't use it, and if I were to play again, I would never make another dedicated Dane axe user. Dual wielding an axe and a sword is better for damage, and the spear is a better 2 distance weapon. It’s just outclassed and doesn’t have a real use. Maybe if it’s final ability worked properly it would be okay since AOE is so rare, but as it is, it’s useless. My last complaint is that the ending came about too suddenly. When I was finishing second to last chapter (I won’t say how many to avoid any potential spoilers) I told my roommate I think I’m about halfway through the game, then I had like 3 more fights and it was over lol. I just felt like there was so much more room for.. well, more. There was basically no character development for the minor characters, so I didn’t feel anything at the end for the relevant character(s), except disappointment that the game was over. And I think that last statement is worth emphasizing, because despite its flaws, I was very sad to end it. I wrote a long list of things I didn’t like, but overall, my experience with the game was extremely positive. Again, if it weren’t for the flaws I listed, I think this would be one of my favorite games of all time. The fighting was fun, to fully min max you had to plan and think, the choices felt relevant, and the dialog never felt forced or exposition-y. It truly was a fantastic game, plagued by what I assume was too little time in development before release."
76561198102162371,Recommended,445190,31478832,Posted: 30 April,all,Starshine,"It's brilliant.Alot more of an RPG than the first expeditions game, the missions and characters are great and well written. Especially the female characters. And you have alot of control over how your character acts and what they do.The tactical battles are fun and intutitive and everything ties into the main story and theme of the game well. And it looks good, developing your village is nice too.I've played it once the whole way through, playing the peaceful route and didnt hit any major bugs, although on a second play through I hit a few game breaking ones. No idea if its just luck or the aggressive route is more buggy.The game in its current state does have alot of bugs, but not enough to get in the way of enjoying it and surely in time atleast all the big ones will be found and fixed.Having now played it through the whole way twice, I'd add that the choices are great, the companion quests and relationships are well written and the conquest ending is the best ending."
76561197991340735,Not Recommended,445190,31512694,Posted: 2 May,all,Stardog,"Overall Expeditions: Viking is an excellent game. The quests, the world and the character systems are amazing and it really makes you feel like you're commanding a group of vikings.There are, however, some massively infuriating design decisions in this game:1. You are unable to exert any control over your party members locations outside combat. This means once combat starts, your party will be scattered about willy-nilly and you will often end up with your squishiest characters in the middle of every single enemy around, because there is no way for you to move them.This is especially enraging when you anticipate combat and sometimes even know you'll end up having to fight, but there's squat you can do about it. In an ambush setting it's obviously fine, but even then it would be nice if I were able to tell my archers to stick to the back line, instead of walking face first into any trouble that might be coming your way.2. There is absolutely no ability to initiate combat outside dialogue options. This means that even if you see people who are obviously going to attack you, there is no way for you to engage them other than walking straight past them into their ambush.3. You can not clear fatigue, hunger or injuries in a city. You can not sleep, nor eat nor visit a local healer to get your wounds fixed up. And as of writing this review, it also includes your home town. Yes, you are unable to sleep in your own bed.Overall I don't regret buying this game, but I am not going to keep playing until they address these issues, that should beobviousgame mechanics in an rpg game. And until then, I will not recommend the game."
,Recommended,445190,32912952,Posted: 27 June,all,HoboForEternity,"The game launched with a rocky start, with plethora of bugs that plagued it. 3 months later, however, the developers managed to get most if not all of the game breaking bugs out.the game itself is really great. it's a great turn based RPG akin to its previous entry Expeditions: conquistadors. you fight in a hex-grid battlefield with several people. with great, engaging gameplay and well written, personal story it is worth to dip your time into.the gameplay itself consist of combat and exploration. while abandoning the old conquistador's exploration format, i welcome the new, more classic rpg like exploration. instead of big overworld map, there are locations with its own map you can visit. you cannot camp anywhere anymore, instead you take over campsites from unwary travellers. despite the format change, the survival/management elements still exist and arguably are more complex if you count the excellent camping system that allows you to heal and rest your party.with this format change, however, it feel less like an epic exploration that conquistador's grand expedition feeling. the random encounters are noticeably less numerous and less varied. that said, the trade between grand exploration and a location map that you can explore, NPC's to interact, secrets you can discover are a fair trade that make Expedition: Vikings isn't a re-skinned version of conquistadors.the story itself is simple. your clan is in danger, other clans turn their backs on you, so you have to sail across the sea to gain allies and resources. in the vast island of brittania, you will encounter intrigue, plots, politics and everything that entails. ally yourself with certain faction to seal your alliance, or trample them all beneath your mighty vikings boots and pillage their wealth.in its simplicity, there is beauty though. you don't set out on a grand adventure to defeat evil, you're forced to set sail to save your family. the story is supported with excellent writing and great moments, and reinforced with choices and consequences that entails. the quests and choices are done pretty well in this game, and more often you will make alot of uncomfortable actions in the world of gray morals.with 2 major factions in play and plethora of quests that can be solved in a different way, Expeditions: Vikings is a highly replayable game. you might want to try to at least finish the game twice to try out the story of each majaor factions.the characters are well balanced, with their own stories and personalities. unlike the characters in conquistadors, they're more developed, feel like a person instead a pawn. the trade though, is the lack of variety of characters that you can bring. in conquistadors, your first and second playtroughs can consist of totally different characters, and backstory. in vikings, the exchange for freedom are rewarded with the more detailed characters and their story arcs, although your first and second playtrough will consist of more or less the same people with the same player character backstory. you're always the firstborn of gunnolf, your parents, village, your childhood friends are all predetermined and there are not alot of wiggle room ro create your own character backstory. is the exchange worth it? other types of players might say not, but i think it is a great direction to bring the game into.it is still a shame that the game launched with such a bad condition, but after the hard work by developer constant patching, listening to community feedback, i think it is a good time to finally set sail  gain into the lands of Expedition: Vikings. there will still be updates, fixes, tweaks to come and the long promised ironman mode, etc."
76561198032773979,Recommended,445190,31423940,Posted: 28 April,all,Gorillastache,"I really wish there were more options to rate than thumbs up or down. Its so black and white and doesn't adequately cover this game. There are good and bad things. A 6/10 would be more appropriate.So I thought the game was just crazy difficult for no apparent reason. I worked my way through the first few fights alright with only one casualty. Then I moved on out of my town and oh boy did it get rough. Enemies often get first turn and I was constantly having characters down and out before I even got a turn. I was so frustrated so I went to check if others were having the same problems. Turns out the difficulty is set to insane (the hardest one) by default. So just a friendly warning, turn that difficulty down for a first playthrough.There are other factors that make the game unecessarily difficult as well such as not being able to decide your party formation at the beginning of a fight. Your main character will always be front and center when a fight starts. Want your main character to be a ranged support? Go for it, just don't say I didn't warn you when you hit fights where you don't go first and there sits your squishy support hero tanking 8 enemies and dying before he gets a move. This doesn't happen too often but when it does its maddening reloading over and over so you can get a fair fight. Reinforcements spawning in with no warning who then  immiedately get to take actions is also pretty annoying. This means your well planned out, strategically sound formation can be screwed once they spawn in behind you and kill your healer with no chance to react. Some battles almost feel like trial and error so you can know when and where reinforcements spawn and set up accordingly.If you can get past those hurdles the game is enjoyable but it has too many flaws to recommend you spend your money on it unless you really like srpgs like I do. It has a good story, enjoyable combat when the jank doesn't ruin it, and great character creation but the negatives are just too negative at this point. If you do decide to buy it make sure you save often, it makes restarting fights much less of a pain. Also your saves can get corrupted and the game can and will crash on you not infrequently, so again, save and use multiple slots."
76561198007561927,Recommended,445190,31483366,Posted: 1 May,all,VirtusIncognita,"A game for explorersPrefaceExpeditions: Viking created by Logic Artists is one of my most priced possesions of games I collected among the recent years. The fact that I value this game highly shall however not hinder me to give a comparative review of it.ReviewThe setting is historically grounded in the early Viking era, this also means you should not expect fights against fantastic creatures like trolls for example.This game shares mechanics with many other games around and on an honest remark while emulating them quite succesfully their expierence in game will always pale in front of the kings of each genre. The game delivers a RPG expierence with turn-based combat while the world is traversed in a thematically fitting (woven carpet!) map, allowing the player character freedom of movement only between locations of the map and in about 25 locations, where you can then move around your character like in old-school RPGs. Crafting and improving your homelocation is a thing.The combat expierence is solid and engaging, however since it takes up almost half of the game time one could wish for a little more nuanced expierence. Opponents you fight have apart from animals access to the same skillset as your character and his party, even the bosses, which makes for a good balance in theory. And while the AI doesn't do a bad job it won't pose to much of a tactical challange for many. Character creation is basic in appearance and more focused on the character you want to become due to your skillset. Those skills tie in well with both combat expierences and the more RPG expierences. Character development is steady and never grindy.The plot is interesting but hardly original and while the music is very good, you will hear the same pieces over and over again after some time.So far this must all sound like a pretty mediocre game to you, but behold! What makes this game truely amazing is how the world itself is presented. This game contains a lot more information than initial encounters with NPC may present or to put it more bluntly: things may not always be like they seem. Quests live from the ambiguity of the (initial) lack of information, because you have no clue which action is the right one to take. And even if it seems obvious, inquiring further may give events a completely different framing and hence spin. This game rewards you for digging deeper than just the information presented in the excellently written dialogue (and read you will a lot!). Writing and artistic skill will allow you to fill in lacking information and solve mysteries you will encounter during the game and the quest design reflects this with usually a myriad of differnetly nuanced outcomes.And then there are of course the bigger decision throughout the game whose impact you will feel, I promise. But see for yourself, I strongly encourage you if you feel like reading between the lines and manoevering in a historical setting without all the information instantly presented to you is to your liking...PS: a last tip, characters with higher SENSE or PERCEPTION get more out of the story"
,Recommended,445190,34640341,Posted: 31 August,all,Nalenthi,"Lost reputation with an entire faction for making a bad pun. 10/10Jokes aside, I really loved the writing in this game. I appreciated all the characters even if I didn't like them. It's been a long time since I've sat down and been absolutely absorbed into an RPG, but I really loved this one."
,Recommended,445190,31418427,Posted: 28 April,all,oygn,"Just made a little break to write a short review as I think I definetely should support such a nice game.Pros:Solid story;Awesome tactics;Nice picture;Great character building;Camp, craft skills;Great music;Lot of opportunities to discover.Cons:Would like the feedback to be more smoothReally it's hard to describe all nice this game has, in few words: you jorney with your clansmen, making camps, playing politics, you even have a norse ship to travel.I definitely recommend it."
76561198050968658,Not Recommended,445190,31450297,Posted: 29 April,all,EyeStoneVelvetSand,"For those who played expedition conquistador and enjoyed it, you will enjoy this game just as much. I certanly am enjoying it.I`m even ok with most of the bugs and crashes, I`m guessing they will sort out most bugs in the next update.But at the moment, its not ready for launch, since some of the bugs means you won`t be able to finish the game.(if anyone knows a way around the pict-hut bug, let me know)Anyway, I would suggest people should wait until its updated before buying it, at the moment even though I love the game, I can`t really recommend it to anyone."
76561198177756030,Recommended,445190,31495203,Posted: 1 May,all,Tayausd,"Its a nice little gem of a game. Combat is a bit rough in the first couple hours of the game as luck is almost more important then strategy until you get a rounded out partyat which point the combat really starts to shine.I have yet to encounter any gamebreaking bugs or crashes, but I have seen one fairly annoying one whenever someone parrying gets hit with anything other than an attack.The fact that losing a fight often doesnt end the game is a really nice touch and that seemingly invincible enemies can often be defeated by clever strategy and careful positioning. That being said some control over your starting formation would be nice, maybe a single move action before the enemy gets to attack unless plot says otherwise. Heck make it skill based if you really want to.Speaking of the skill system I really enjoy it. it reminds me quite a bit of the shadowrun karma system and I like that. Also the fact that your class is dependent on the skills you pick and not the other way around is really nifty. I would love to see more class labels implemented at some point though. While there is already plenty I just want MORE.As of right now I would say I am really enjoying the dialogue and the plot is interesting to say the least. I'm going the diplomatic, good guy approach for the most part, but I would love at some point to just come through with a beast of a raider and loot everything and everyone.One last thing, I am disapointed in the fact you cannot grapple or headbutt animals. It saddens me.9/10 can't wait to see more from the developers."
,Recommended,445190,31481540,Posted: 1 May,all,Redhotviking,"If you enjoy tactical RPG's, Vikings and resource managment then this will be just your cup of tea.Currently it is a bit buggy but the developers are working around this as we speak. But even with almost game breaking bugs I cannot put the game down, I start new campaigns instead and play until the bugs stop me :P and start a new campaign hoping that this time around the bugs will not stop me.This is an amazing game. It has a well written story, the combat system is fun, the graphics are decent.Is there magic in this game? Yes there is, both Gald and Witchcraft. Now Galder or Galding are party wide buffs in form of praying to the gods of valhalla. Witchcraft has debuffs in form of accuracy reduction, poison and even charm. Not ""Magic"" as in the form of fireballs and the like, but they have taken in consideration that these magic forms was something vikings practised and given them a good use in the game. You also have Healing, which can restore combat hp, heal injuries while camping, cure various status effect from burning to poison as well as combat ressurection. It is important to point out that falling in combat is not death, but injured, so there isnt anything mystical about the healing.Crafting: crafting weapons and armor is possible and you the player can most likly make far better equipment than most blacksmiths and you should definatly get one or two of your characters proficient in this.Moral: Moral is super important and very difficult to keep up on all your companions, mainly because each companion have 4 personality traits. thats why I dress my companion in Lucky items, which improve moral. Moral gives bonus to physical and mental resistance. This resistance is important to resist status effects.Like i said, the game is amazing and worth buying if you enjoy these types of games, lets hope the bugs clear up quickly enough."
,Recommended,445190,31403441,Posted: 27 April,all,BluntMethod,Great experience.Only getting started and I already can't recommend it enough.
76561198047269124,Recommended,445190,31410807,Posted: 28 April,all,Cuppiocaek,"I'll be honest, I first saw this game about 4 hours before it launched on steam.I was curious, so I bought it.Already one of the most well done games I've played, in a long time.A fairly simple turn based strategy, layered with a complex and very in-depth RPG systems, character customization and story, it can appeal to a wide variety of people.The strong points of this game are definitely the soundtrack and story, my god its beautiful.Soundtrack: 10/10Mechanics: 9/10Story: 9/10Visuals: 8/10"
76561198023758967,Recommended,445190,34860120,Posted: 10 September,all,Miralay,"Pros:+Very good story+Immersive scenario, quests and environment+Different paths to follow for main quest line so there is somewhat replay value+Pillaging weaklings while defending your home against wolves!Cons:-Combat mechanics were more fluent in the previos title-Resource collection style (for tinkering), it gets really boring running across the map clicking on random stuffMy score:8.5/10"
,Recommended,445190,34853727,Posted: 9 September,all,The Holy Twig,"I went to the British Isles to win allies and I returned to my home village with more wood than any man could ever need - taken in glorious battle with the Kings of Britain.I legitimately felt attached to the characters and storyline and to top it off, when I had a game-breaking bug and sent a message to the developer asking for help, they got back to me with advice which allowed me to finish the game without losing any progress within 24 hours.Would buy again.  Give me more viking please."
,Recommended,445190,31715711,Posted: 12 May,all,VeldricNord,"well designed structure in combat and story. you get a sizable squad to command at almost all times. it has more bugs than an ant hill, but none that can't be overlooked or overshadowed. here is what got me though, every choice, as advertised, matters. litterally almost every response you make, every action and dialogue you choose will deside the loyalty rating of your crew. for anyone who really cares about how your actions impact the story, this is a great game for you."
,Recommended,445190,31481007,Posted: 1 May,all,Severely Deficient,"Not sure why so many people are writing negative reviews. As I see it - keeping in mind I have only 1.5 hrs in game - the story and dialogue are well written, thoughtful, and possesses a rare authenticity that I have not come across in comparable games. The combat is entertaining, if not a little basic but I imagine as you gain new followers/skills, combat will become more interesting.Summary:+ Great writing and imersion+ Lovely art+ Runs well on a medium range desktop (GTX660 + i5)+ Difficult choices and noticable consequences+ Fun (but perhaps simple) combat+ Exploration and tradingIt may sound strange upon comparision with other reviews but as of the moment, I have nothing negative to say. I hope the updates keep coming to improve what is already shaping up to be a favourite.I won't give a #/10 because I have not put enough time into it yet, but so far I would recommend giving it a try.Great work, Logic Artists!"
76561198072173308,Not Recommended,445190,31890837,Posted: 21 May,all,Clamjohn,"I didn't sign up to be a bug-tester. Honestly, I logged 30 hours into this game, having to restart completely multiple times, and wait for patches to fix at least 3 different game breaking bugs I faced. It's no big surprise that this felt like a waste of time.There were (and probably are) combat balance issues, but it wasn't the worst game. I imagine I would have had a good time if I didn't have to constantly worry about crashes and having to restart my entire campaign. I gave it a 2nd, 3rd, and 4th chance, and I'm not going to give it a 5th.Not sure whose responsible for the lackluster bug-testing this game went through, but I'm giving my downvote with hope upon hope that they don't make the same mistake again."
76561198019269302,Recommended,445190,31440989,Posted: 29 April,all,Jammin,"This game is great.  A Baldur's Gate, X-Com, Skyrim hybrid.  Which is pretty much all I could possibly want in a game.As people have said there are bugs, though I haven't hit any of the really bad ones in my time playing it, so if you aren't willing to deal with that maybe wait a week or so to pick this up.  But I'm having a blast with it as is.One thing people just started out should probably know is that any non-Shield combat style for the main character is going to be hard.  Much harder than the ol' sword and board.  The reason for this isn't the balancing, as the weapons are all fairly effective, it's the way the encounters are structured.  A lot of times when combat starts the enemy will start thier turn before you do with your party in the exact same formation it was moving in.  Meaning the MC is standing out in open about 2-3 hexes ahead of you party who are follwing behind.  There are some passives that can help to mitigate the risk a little but even with those there will still be times when your going to take some serious punishment before your first turn starts.  So just be aware of that when your building your first character."
76561198012365888,Not Recommended,445190,32874974,Posted: 27 June,all,The Sperm ☯,EPIC game but too many bugs.. As if right now im at a gamebreaking bug and cant progress.Autosaves/quicksaves/manual saves arnt helping.Really can't be bothered to replay the whole game. I'm almost half way and this bug stabbed me.
76561198099105299,Recommended,445190,32582403,Posted: 19 June,all,dezous,"I liked this game. I've played a lot of this kind of game (Baulder's Gate, Pillars of Eternity, Tyranny, XCOM 2, etc...), I put 42 hours into playing this and getting a good ending once with all available quests complete. If you are a completionist then it might take you at least twice and a second playthough as I couldn't get 100% Villiage Power and Wealth in 1 try. There are some choices at the start that change how hard the rest of the game is, like what fighting style your leader is and how fast you can have a party blacksmith who can forge circles around any npc you meet later. The game itself has an odd diffictulty curve, the very first plot battle is easy, but within the first hour you will have to defend your Villiage from the North and the South, this was very hard and it took me many reloads, but if you get past it then the world opens and the game isn't very hard again until you start the plot to conquor cities."
76561197960377897,Recommended,445190,33030732,Posted: 30 June,all,[VI] Alerius,"In short:Pro:- great story where your choices matter (Want to be a ruthless viking? Go on and slaughter everyone who stands in your way, pillage and ""burn""! More the diplomatic type? Well, be friendlich to most, some, few! You decide! You can even spare your foes in combat, because you can decide if you want your attacks to be lethal or not)- Good turn-based combat (reboot XCOM style: two phase mode, cover, two kinds of flanking, skills)- group/homestead development and management- good replayability if you like to know how it would have turned out with different choicesContra:- box-and-barrel-click-simulator 2017 with very bad clickboxes including the extensive camera-rotation DLC- very long loading times (even if you are just going into a small building, it will take several seconds, sometimes a minute and more to finish loading)- camera angle / view distance / large object (trees, building) obstruct your view- very slow combat (every animation - most of which are pretty slow - has to finish before you can do some other thing)- combat starting positions (out of combat your hird follows you in a triangle shaped formation, but if you turn, this formation sometimes gets messed up, if combat starts because of an forced dialog or maybe you turned to start this dialog, you may end up with your archers hugging the enemy's frontliners)- sometimes combat AI just loses it completely"
,Recommended,445190,34847255,Posted: 9 September,all,CutoutPanda,"This is one of my favourite games of 2017. I adore the Viking setting and unlike a lot of games doesn't just jump straight away into Norse myths but tries to be more historical. It has a large variety of interesting characters that you can get to know through the course of the game and with the potential of romance.The game gives the player a decent amount of freedom and a lot of choices and they feel like they matter, every decision is scrutinised by those around you possibly losing you favour with them in the long run. You can even choose to spare enemies, you can choose to be merciful. My character carved her way through the world killing all her foes and looting churches she was loved by most and hated by some and I felt like the world recognised my actions.The soundtrack for this game is beautiful and adds the final touch to the great experience that I had.If you like RPGs, you like turn based combat and you like the Viking setting then I don't think you can go wrong in checking this one out."
76561198022695788,Recommended,445190,31735059,Posted: 13 May,all,Hax_The_Unjust,"Great game.  The bugs were patched out shortly after release. I didn't run into one bug after latest patch, game ran smooth right up until the ending. I really enjoyed aspect of managing your own village even being light feature.  I also enjoyed how characters respond to your character being to his title or his actions within the game world.  It made things mesh well and enriched the etire experience.The story is well written, props to the witer. I didn't mind reading any of it, infact I read every thing that popped up on my screen being well written drew me right in.  I beat the game shortly before writing this review, I would say the game probably has 30-35 hours of playtime until story finishes. And it surely has replay factor the choices you make seem to possibily effect the outcome of the world, I could probably play again and go a different direction. I don't regreat buying the title, hope they do major DLC expansion that allows us to continue our story even further.  To me its 8/10 truly enjoyed it."
76561198046516502,Recommended,445190,31708801,Posted: 12 May,all,Sweeps,"Brilliantly enthralling storytelling meets tight gameplay with a historical setting that teeters on the edge of realism and mythological symbolism, all while remaining grounded in reality. This game met all of my expectations and then some, delivering an incredibly fun experience that I had trouble putting down.---The Good---> Great characters and backstories for your party members which results in a more personal feeling for your Hird (your party)> Combat is fun and engaging and properly challenging without feeling overly cheap> Locations and maps are beautiful, especially for a top-down game. From the snowy plains of Denmark to the wooded hills of Britain, you'll find plenty of pretty landscapes> Quests are wonderfully written and never stray into fetch quest territory. More often than not they're large, branching quest chains with several options and methods to finish> The main quest has several different paths to choose from with each one offering a fairly different gameplay experience> The ability to build and upgrade your home village, adding new vendors, buildings, resources and other things to really flesh it out and give you the feel of a proper Thegn.> Built in camping mechanic with hunger/fatigue systems in place, making camping both a necessary but viable mechanic that gives unique rewards and bonuses> Small things like the ability to use non lethal attacks in combat, changing how certain quests will flow> The time limit is implemented very well and actually gives a sense of tension without ever becoming a problem. I didn't even realize there was a time limit until halfway through, after hours of dicking around, and I still finished with plenty of time to spare.---The Bad---> Lack of battle music variety. The ambient music is top notch but after close to 40 hours I'm tired of hearing the same battle theme> Bugs and glitches cause occasional problems. They've patched many of them out but many still remain> Missed opportunities with certain mechanics, like camping only allowing you to rest for 24 hours instead of resting until a specific time> Lack of skills and variety. While there are plenty, every party member has the same skill pool so you end up with several of them using the same weapon or the same buff abilities> The voice acting, though it's sparse, is pretty wooden. Obviously this isn't a big budget AAA game but the voice acting could be much better.Overall, this game is a fantastic historical Viking TRPG with a lot of heart and soul. If you've got literally any interest in the setting, or Vikings, or strategy RPGs you should give this one a shot. I rarely recommend games at full price but the fact that this one launched at just 30 bucks makes it easy. I've dumped around 40 hours into it and I love it, and I think you will too.tl:dr Vikings, strategy, and good RPG fun. Solid 8/10."
76561198007610552,Recommended,445190,31460412,Posted: 30 April,all,Matiati,"For a very small team of developers, I can say that I am very impressed with this game.If you like X-Com, Neverwinter Nights, Pillars of Eternity, Baldur's Gate, Divinity Original Sin series and if you are also interested in Norse Culture or the Vikings I say dont hesitate and go for it.I have hundreds of hours in all of the above titles. And I can easily say that the game is much more immersive than Divinity Original Sin (although DoS has much more content and better crafting mechanics). It is on a par with Pillars of Eternity.I believe I am currently at the mid game and cannot make an accurate review without finishing the game first but I think many reviewers who give negative score to the game do it because of small bugs here and there. I am now like 15 hours into the game and havent experienced any bugs yet. Except for some missing tooltips in certain skills.Even if I do at some point, I would find it completely normal for a dev team this small to have some unanticipated bugs in the final product. The effort put into the game is huge. So I have faith that these bugs will be dealt with very soon. The game certainlty does not deserve a negative score.Pros:1. The story draws you in from the start. There is no voice acting, but the dialogue texts are clean and easy to follow.2. Combat mechanics are very well designed. Almost all skills have tactical uses which do make sense. The beginning of the game seems hard but once you get used to combat mechanics you realize it is quite doable if you play clever (and without exploiting the ai).3. Campaign map events are well written. Camping shifts, camping skills, base building etc all well thought off and remembers me of Neverwinter Nights II's expansion packs.4. The decisions you make throughout the game do effect character behaviour negatively or positively. Characters are of course not as good as Baldurs Gate characters but they are lively and do interrupt dialogues randomly. They may as well take initiative in certain conditions and force your hand to take a particular decision so team setup becomes important.Cons:1.  There should be more visual character customization options. The game has 3 types of mesh for each of the female and male characters (6 in total) that correspond to thin, medium and large characters. But they all do have the same facial mesh (two actually for female and male characters). Variety is added by changing hair, beard, facial scars (texture based), etc. Eye color can be picked but it does not have much meaning as the eyes of the characters are so small that it is hardly visible on the mesh.2. Some scripted battles do initiate with the enemy (ai) side having the first turn. Here you have no control over the initial placement of your team and they seem to place randomly, depending very little to the direction you approach the battle area. This may be frustrating as your tanking characters may be placed behind your group and your healer may be exposed directly to archers. And one or two of your character may die in the first turn. Although not game breaking it causes the players to do save scumming to get a good starting placement. Not a very good player experience.3. Tooltips for some of the actions are missing (i.e. witchcraft tree's third skill) and some are not very explanatory (i.e. camping food selection (rations/meat) for characters).4. Campaign map events occur just when you click on a settlement or a camping spot to travel. This seemed strange to me as the events seem to occur just when your group have started their journey. I believe this should be fixed so that the events can spawn any time on the road (not at the start)."
76561198074113072,Not Recommended,445190,33695505,Posted: 21 July,all,ThunfischGott,"I dont want to give this game a negative review. Its a great game, an awesome game even, however there are a few things horribly wrong with it. First and foremost the game is bugged as ♥♥♥♥. Constant crashes, bugs and other ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t limiting the game severely, even this long after release.Secondly a fundamential game feature is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. You really need ressources in this game. How do you get ressources? Run around the city and TAKE EVERY SINGLE CRATE as if you were playing Skyrim. No. Just no. Why do this people let you steal all their stuff? Why does pillaging your own town give more ressource than playing the game normally? Why should you choose such an extremely tedious and annoying mechanic as the best way to gain vital ressources? This is absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. There isnt even a quick loot system a la baldurs gate, you have to manually click every ♥♥♥♥ing crate in every ♥♥♥♥ing town because there are ridiculous amounts of ressources in them.The last point are the quests. There are a few quests which feel super forced. Lots of early fights cant be prevented by dialogue. Sure these guys hated your father but making it absolutely impossible instead of just super hard to convince them that you will tackle things differently? Thats bad design, at least when you do it this often. Also sometimes quest just dont make sense from a logical point of view. The worst example of this forced quest design and one of the worst quests i have ever seen in genereal is the quests which involves killing rats.Warning: SPOILERS:The quests starts neatly. You think ""Hey this is the obligatory kill rats quest"". Than you see the rats are actually children. Now it gets interesting. Its a moral dilemma, take the easy way out and just beat them up or kill them or do something hard to not do something immoral. Except the DEVs do not want you to complete the quest the second way. The only way to complete the quests without fighting the quests if you have banished a few people earlier and their home is now empy. Even if you only banished the men you cant force the women of the banished family to adopt the rats. You also cant persuade anyone else in the town to give them shelter, not even the church. There are charred ruind nearby with an intact cellar which would be big enough for them to live there, but you cant send them there. You can kill a certain guy on a different side quest and now there is a nice big comfortable empty longhouse, but you cant send them there. You cant send them to your village which was just attacked and could need a few helping hands. You cant pay anyone to take them in. You cant give them ressources to build their own home. You cant even tell the quest giver to ♥♥♥♥ off so this quests stops clogging up your quest log. All you can do is either kill or beat up the kids. This is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and lazy design. The DEVS incentivise violence against kids even beyond logical rules just because they were to lazy to come up with alternative ways to tackle this quests. It makes no sense why there is no other way to solve this quest, 5 minutes of brainstorming shoudl be enough to come up with a ton of more solutions. Because the quests starts out so well and is such a refreshing spin on the usual RPG quests this stings even more. Its disappointing.I will lay down the game for now because i dont see the quests and the bugs and teh mindless looting becoming much better soon. I will return and update this review when there is a patch that fixes this, until than this should warn players that this is a game with great promise but terrible execution at the moment."
76561198015569520,Recommended,445190,31503106,Posted: 2 May,all,atreju,"You like the Norse theme, isometric turn based battle, RPG games in general?You should sure try this one.The game is no innovation in any field, but it is definitely made with a soul. It does have downsides, but is is quite personal whether they overweight the positive sides. For me they don't, and by a large degree. Here go things that I immediately remember thinking about the game, I'm not trying to give it a detailed look, mind that.So the goods:- Believable setting. It is not generic, it is a true-like story with events that actually have me read the text instead of scrolling down through blah blah to 'where do I need to go now?'- The game does not make you play a morally good person by any means. I mean, I'm tired of games where making moral choices is also the most beneficial way to go. Where being good is pure good with no downsides. Here you have choices that will leave somebody unhappy anyway, and you can't please everybody. And by unhappy I mean things like a grieving mother of a sick kid, or an orphan killed because he wanted to eat. Feels like choices of a real man, and not of a Chosen One who can miraculously plant gardens of Eden wherever he goes.- Generally fine mechanics of an RPG game. You have loot, inventory, damage, resistances, bows, all that stuff.- No magic! Finally a game with no spells or mages, like that is a must. Some abilities that are needed gameplay-wise, but look like magic, are disguised best they can with a materialistic approach. So, we won't be fighting with fireballs, but that is good, because I can finally play in a realistic setting, and not another Diablo game with Norse flavor.- Good battle system. Now I'd like to say that battle is quite easy, and you should play on insane for any challenge, and battle is missing some good things it could use, like formations, but in general I'm having fun with it.Bads:- There is some unpolished mechanics. Like you need to loot hundreds of boxes in a very tedious point-and-click manner. Or you can not camp in a city and need to go to a nearby forest for that.- Now this one is controversial, but with me definitely a flaw. Half of warriors in the game are women. You are even forced to have females in your crew at first. I have no problem with femaleelvenwarriors in other games, and devs can generally put in their games whatever they want, but this game has a strong claim at being realistic, which it in many aspects is. Coming across a game that (finally!) does not portray the Norsemen as half naked brutes in horned helmets, I would really want to have its setting as realistic as possible. And while I quite get it that catering to the audience who wants female warriors is more profitable then not, that fabulous intent to depict the society of the days gone in a true-like manner should have at least found reflection in a small tick in settings, that would put the girls out of the dangers of battle.As a conclusion, I do enjoy the game as it is now. The flaws, whether they are going to be fixed or not, do not break its charm. I greatly appreciate the effort that the devs have put into it, and I hope it is not the last thing about medieval times we see from them."
76561197971319223,Not Recommended,445190,32633845,Posted: 21 June,all,C2H5OH,"Dear God in heaven, why do I need to run around every map clilcking on a hundred barrels to get materials? I like the core game but I can't force myself to keep doing the tedious tasks which are necessary to flourish. I'm not going to spend 20 minutes on every new areas clicking on barrels. It's ridiculous."
76561198098762379,Recommended,445190,34104017,Posted: 8 August,all,Fedor,"First of: This really is a wonderful game!If you like Stuff like Baldurs Gate and Pillars of Eternity (both minus the fantasy aspects) and also enjoy Combat ala XCOM this game is for you. Hand crafted levels and encounters paired with a beautiful, realistic and thrilling story.It took me about 40hrs to complete the story and most of the sidequests, with all difficulty-sliders set to the hardest except for ironman mode. And in terms of replay value: I really can't wait to start my next playthrough in a completely different way. As there are multiple endings and almost every quest got at least two ways to handle them, this game is far from over for me. It's worth every last cent of the 30€ pricetag.I really can recommend this game to about everyone who enjoys RPGs and values a good story. The one single thing i'm missing is mod support, but i read somewhere on steam, that the devs are going to add it if the game proves to be a success. To that i have to say: Add it now, as for a lot of player of especially this genre mod support is the holy grail.In the end i want to express my gratefulness to Logic Artists for making such a wonderful game and keeping the genre alive. Keep up the good work!"
76561198037549470,Recommended,445190,33363963,Posted: 7 July,all,drewschildwachter,"Strong RPG with some bugs worth tolerating. First time I've felt strongly enough about a game on Steam to write a review. If you enjoyed Baldur's Gate and/or the first two Fallout games then you will probably enjoy this a lot.- The story line is engrossing and well done.- Choices influence the game in a logical way.- Skill system provides some difference between players and NPCs, but really stats are what divides one to another because skill points are easy to come by.- Some good items (specific affects, higher damage output, etc.) can be found, but not so many that they ruin the challenge.- I did not encounter any critical bugs (see below for more on this).n.b. I found one bug that almost crippled my game. Upon entering the PCs hometown I was not able to do anything, but would automatically walk to the bottom right of the screen in response to any action; something like this happened no matter which place I entered or which save I loaded. I fixed this by loaded an autosave from the world map and going to an occupied campsite which therefore triggered combat. The combat broke me out of the bug and it did not occur again. I have played through the game a few times and that was the only time when I found this bug."
76561198030355148,Recommended,445190,32913225,Posted: 27 June,all,kolsto,"This is a game worth playing. It is also very interesting to be playing a game where elder paganism is being included in a historical way.  Several religious details are correct and taken out from the elder Edda. (The Viking/norsemen sagas)I call these kind of games for ""Coffe games"" meaning i do not need to rush or stressaround, but rather just take everything in the speed that fits me.Positive details are: You can set fire to people, or tents, barricades etc.You and your troops develop a wide variaty of skills they can choose from. Weapon skills, handcraft, repairing, diplomacy, witchcraft etc etc. (these skills actually makes a difference as game progresses)Funny details: I can kick down and destroy Cult of jebus stone crosses and slaughter sneaky priests.Negative details: I can not kill every christian sod if i want to, and i can not torch the evil cultist churches. Dev should look into this, burning of any building should be possible, at least the inventory- friend or foe. (Dev should consider sending me a email when they are making a part two. I have a trillion ideas for free.)Is this game worth the money you will pay for it? Yes absolutely it is. Did it make me feel better? Yes it did. Did it make me giggle when my archer sent arrows in the back and cripplig priests running away? Yes it did.A total from me will be:8 out of 10 points- Killing sneaky lying cult of jebus worshipers definitely make you happy in the end of the day.To the developers i will say thank you very much for such a nice game by including elder scandinavian heritage.Good job!"
,Recommended,445190,33086696,Posted: 1 July,all,Falke117,"Much much better RPG elements than Conquisitors. And since Conquisitors is already a great game, this game would be one as well.There are still some issues that need fixing. Balance update and some QoL updates are definitely in need."
76561198255408767,Recommended,445190,33787833,Posted: 25 July,all,rodnemo,"Amazing game! Great graphics, great storyline, extremely addictive if you're a fan of tactical RPGs with none or little magic/science fiction ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, like I am. It's like Age of Decadence but with better odds at combat. You can create unique characters to your hird, with specifc abilities and talents, to give everything you need in combat and during the expedition. The only problems are the bugs, the fact that you can't heal characters in cities/villages (only while camping) and the fact that the game seems to be heavy as♥♥♥♥♥♥(it takes a while to turn Steam off after you play and loading time is a little high too).I would love to see games with this same style and visuals in different scenarios like Conan's Hyborian Age, modern special ops/espionage, Old West - even a Super Hero style, why not? Great game, a great achievement from Logic Artists!"
,Recommended,445190,34303510,Posted: 17 August,all,Bruxae,"Im about 15 hours in at the time im writing this and I have to say I've been enjoying every second of it!The first thing I noticed about this game is the atmosphere and how it really nails that cold and gritty lifestyle that the vikings had, this game is based on reality so there's no fireballs and monsters - usually I find history based games very dull, but this is a definite exception.Everything from sound effects to the enviroment really makes you feel like it's a real world, sometimes uncomfortably realistic as you see people writhing in pain on the ground, being stabbed in the belly or have pieces of their skull go flying after being axed, it's a very game of thrones like feel.The writing is really exceptional too, im not necessarily talking about the overall story here - I actually haven't thought too deeply on it since I am so engrossed in the world itself, but the way certain NPC's bring their emotions across in their dialogue has made me very empathic to their plight.As for the combat, I personally love it - it's one of those games where I actually wish I got to fight more often, not because there's a shortage of combat but because it's just so entertaining. The style of combat is very reminiscent to X-Com with a bit less reliance on cover. This is of course a matter of opinion as not everyone is into turn based combat.Overall this game surprised me and it definitely deserves to be talked about more among RPG fans, I got it at 30€ and it's already more than worth the price for me.Oh and for you people out there like me who likes to play evil in games, this game will provide you with plenty of options in that regard. Something im personally very pleased about."
76561198007583969,Recommended,445190,33589144,Posted: 16 July,all,Lucius,"Amazing!I was a big fan of Expeditions: Conquistadors and the compnay has improved their format to include a detailed CRPG aspect to this game.There are now voice actors speaking with eachother in the typical lingo of CRPGS...""I havent been to this forest since I was a child..."" ...add ontother character's response, etc.Its not only a refreshing aspect to the company's formula, but it shows that they have the ability to grow in regards to the quality of their games.In addition, the camping, skills, combat, graphics, story, size of campaign, side quests, etc have all grown commendably from their start with Expeditions: Conquistadors.The flow of the camera is still a bit clunky, but this minor default will quickly be overshadowed by a immensely detailed and immersive game.If you are a fan of CRPGs/ turn-based combat and immersive stories, then I cannot recommend this game enough!!!I wished for them to make a new game after their first and not only did they deliver, but they delivered in spades.Would I be too greedy to wish that they continue their excellence?"
76561198063310526,Recommended,445190,31407111,Posted: 27 April,all,mayingth,"This game definitly surpassed its predecessor in term of every aspect.  Fristly, it is a very attractive histroical story with certain depth. The details of arts, dialogue, character personalilties are so rich. The huge improvement for E:V is the role play element. From the creation and leveling of the charactor to making differnt choices on many quests, the player can engage with  and drive the story so much.  Love it.  The game is balanced very well and mechansim works. The battle system has more feats, and player's stratgy during the battles can play an more important role.  Art and sound, music are also better than E:C.Pros:tons of RPG elements;Great Turn-based Stragety game.Great balance on multiple game play including , story and battles.Acceptable video/ audio quality.Cons:unpolished or optimization on some area. e.g. my laptop cannot run this game at 1920*1680 full resolution with high quality smoothly.Overall, it is a great game. I would give 8.5/10 for this game .  People who loved E: C, battle brother, wasteland 2 or similar games should definitley enjoy playing it."
76561198028597820,Recommended,445190,31517747,Posted: 2 May,all,Santa Christ,"Expeditions Vikings improves upon pretty much every aspect of expeditions Conquistador. While there are some bugs here and there the Dev has been really good at quickly fixing them and this game was only recently released so a few bugs are understandable. The main gripe that I've seen a lot of players have is  the timer, but in all honesty the timer is very generous and you should be able to finish all the quests without feeling very rushed."
,Not Recommended,445190,31465372,Posted: 30 April,all,coolio,"They either did not bug test this game at all, or, more horrifying, there were so many bugs they had to fix they gave up and just decided to ship and let players be paid beta testers. THIS INCLUDES A BUG THAT SETS THE DIFFICULTY TO HIGHEST BY DEFAULT SOMETHING YOU WOULD NOTICE BY JUST OPENING UP YOUR OWN GAME AND GOING TO THE OPTIONS MENU.Don't take my word for it, go to the Steam forum and see all the progression-halting bugs players are complaining of. In order to address some, not even all, of these bugs, they then released a hot fix that broke countless people's saves and introduced MORE progression halting bugs. Sad to see this studio that I thought had so much potential after the first game fall so far."
,Not Recommended,445190,31468675,Posted: 30 April,all,Azrac,"First off, I really really like this game, I like the premise, the graphics, the gameplay.Also the developers are quick to respond and to try and act.With that said, I can't recommend it.Even after going back from patch 1.01H to 1.01 so my savegames work, I crash a few times every hour, I crash upon loading multiple times, but worst of all, I frequently crash in combat, leading to 10-15+ minutes of careful combat being lost + all the preceeding time from last save, which may or may not be loadable.If this game gets stable, without costing the savegames, i'll change to recommend in a heartbeat."
,Not Recommended,445190,31888730,Posted: 21 May,all,Zloth,"I'm only about half way through this game but I think it's time to move on.  This game has a fine framework but there just isn't enough content hanging on it to make it fun.  You meet interesting characters but, as soon as they join you, you'll barely ever hear from them again.  Quests are mostly just ""go there and kill and/or speak with those folks"" which you do then come back for your reward.  Battles are fun but you'll max out weapon skills before you get done with the first third of the game.Maybe now that they have a good, solid engine they can create another game with a LOT more content in it."
,Recommended,445190,32685145,Posted: 23 June,all,Eggmayonaise,"GOOD: Great story, great characters. The player's choice and ability to navigate the story and choose different outcomes is there. While the individual quests are all fairly linear and with limited choice, the story itself branches and allows for you to interact with the people of the British Isles however you want: be a friendly diplomat or merchant, a marauding viking, or a manipulative back-stabber who plays factions agaisnt one another.Gameplay is tight and enjoyable: combat is turn-based and party oriented, with the player controlling bands of about six fighters going against similarly sized opposition. Having a party with varied abilities and knowing how to make those abilities synergize is key to success and feels incredibly rewarding. Similarly, there's a fair variety of combat abilities, and all the weapons your warriors can use have clear and distinct styles of use. The game does a great job making all these turn-based fights feel different: sometimes you're just beating down highwaymen, other times you're trying to overwhelm a camp of guards without letting any escape, other times you're defending and fending off waves of enemies.Evening managing resources outside of combat feels great. Time and effort are as much a resource as things like food, medicine, and iron are, so camping during overland travel turns into a surprisingly fun puzzle of figuring out how to best spend your party's time, and balancing their need for rest with your need for them to hunt, make medicine, repair equipment, or stand guard.Art-style manages to be both realistic yet appealing, and the music is just as fitting and just as good. Party members and unique characters get beautifully rendered portraits that are always both a joy to look at and another way for the writers to characterize someone: clever and quippy characters look appropriately snark, grizzled warriors look appropriately tough, smug characters and villains have appropriately punchable faces.BAD: Glitches are common. Some abilities are just plain useless, with no way to re-spec your characters: though useful skills outnumber the useless ones, it can still feel like you've gimped your character by investing too heavily in abilities that turned out to be useless (looking at you, Unarmed and Throwing). Meanwhile, certain ranks of skills are locked until you invest a certain number of skill points elsewhere. While this is arguably a necessity for balance, otherwise you'd be able to have a fully-leveled sword skill while the enemies are still on level two, it pretty much forces you to make a jack-of-all-trades character. Granted, there's enough abilities that you can still have your characters specialize in stuff without everybody having the same set of skills, building your character feels like throwing points into stuff you don't care about or skills you won't use until you can finally put more points into a skill you DO want to use.Some other elements of gameplay can also become really tedious. There's little caches of supplies hidden around every level, be it a plant that yields herbs for medicine, or barrels that can be opened for small amounts of money or other building materials. Emphasis on 'small'. Really what this means is that every time you enter a new area, you can either jog across every inch and click every single container you find (which feels like a chore, as well as a great way to get carpal tunnel) to scrape up every last resource, or completely ignore it and deal with potential shortages. Late-game, once you have a big party with well-developed skills, camping pretty much becomes ""make sure your preset camping schedule isn't messed up, then click the camp button and watch the night pass while doing nothing yourself"".While combat feels great when it challenges you or goes your way, sometimes, encounters are just set up to kick you in the teeth. Due to the turn-based nature of the game, encounters with lots of traps and/or archers become very punishing very quickly. Positioning is key, and sometimes the game tries its hardest to absolutely botch yours by having your archer start adjacent to three enemies, your spear-person completely exposed to the enemy archers, and your shield-dudes all bottled up at the back of the pack and utterly useless.Finally, though the music is great, the sound track is limited and individual tracks are short. Expect 2-3 turns of epic battle accompanied by rousing music, then awkward silence, or just a constant loop of that epic music until you're as desensitized to it as you are hearing 'Careless Whisper' in a hotel elevator. Up close, the 3D character models just look... they just look awful. Animations can be a bit gangly too, but the good news is that for 90% of the game you're going to be looking at everything zoomed-out so it's not so big a deal.FINAL VERDICT: The good definitely outweighs the bad, and Expeditions: Viking is totally worth the price point. Fun throughout, highly replayable, and with plenty to do. Devs say the game takes about 30 hours to beat the game depending on how much you rush through it, and I totally agree. If you really explore everything and do all you can, that playtime can easily hit 40 or more hours on a single playthrough. If you like turn-based RPG's with as much story as gameplay, you'll like this game."
76561198044877671,Recommended,445190,32447822,Posted: 15 June,all,lupender,"Best hex based combat i've seen. Little bugs i encountered so i started saving occasionally, just to be sure; i would do it anyway so it's not big deal."
,Recommended,445190,33417480,Posted: 9 July,all,Joruba,"That's a great game. Very immersive, it's been a while since I last played any game non stop till the end credits. Ended it with immediate push to do another round.If you love rpgs, if you love Britain/Vikings, I highly reccomend it. I've encountered no bugs or glitches btw."
76561198007978316,Recommended,445190,32555292,Posted: 18 June,all,brucemnear,I love this game! It is so much fun! They have done a great job of taking a complex game and making it easy and fun to manage.  It's one of the best party based RPGs I've ever played and that includes Baldur's Gate. 8D
76561198029556160,Recommended,445190,32583621,Posted: 19 June,all,Zkulls,Expeditions: Viking is fantastic. Makes you wish there were more games like this. An exceptional blend of history and imaginative storylines. Easy to get lost in.
76561198007207867,Recommended,445190,32613717,Posted: 21 June,all,Bongonius,Thorougly enjoyable game to play. Great roleplaying story line. A few bugs and irregularities but those are easy enough to pass on by. Much better than Conquistadors which I struggled to get in to. Most enjoyable game I've played for quite some time.
,Recommended,445190,31538491,Posted: 4 May,all,Desty,Roleplaying and turn-based strategy done right!
,Recommended,445190,33066583,Posted: 30 June,all,Sarge,"I loved the previous game, and so far have been loving this one. Ive done multiple play throughs and have had fun each time. However, this time i tried something a bit different:At the opening scene, when you fight Otto and his brothers at the feast, i did NOT kill a single one of them purposfully. Yet, Asleifr still challenges me on grounds that i killed them in a drunken brawl.... Please fix this, it is very imersion breaking..."
76561198007745585,Recommended,445190,31531522,Posted: 3 May,all,dukenathan,"I would absolutely recommend this game. Great plot, great combat, many opportunities to choose my own path, and even though I've encountered several bugs, the dev team has been polite, responsive, and working their asses off to fix everything.Pros:Plot--forge your clan from dusty, humble beginnings into the wealthiest, most powerful clan in Jutland. Great story arc, and many ways to do this. Lots of side quests if you're a completionist, fairly straightforward progress if you want to pursue the narrative quickly.Combat--lots of different options for skill trees, encourages you to have several different classes in your ""A"" team, as each one is best at a different situation. Having an axe-wielder who can hook shields away from enemy bosses, leaving them exposed, is a must. And best of all, in my opinion, they fixed ranged characters. In Expeditions: Conquistador, I never, EVER used a ranged character, because loading up 6 melee guys with heavy armor dealt far more damage, far more reliably. I felt bad that my optimal strategy completely ignored a whole class of combatant. Not so in Expeditions: Viking. The archers are huge damage dealers, but it's tricky getting them into position, so in my opinion, not over or underpowered, but well balanced.Choosing my own path--if I want to be a totally bloodthirsty, pillaging viking, the game lets me. If I want to be diplomatic and seek allies to strengthen my own clan, the game lets me do that, too. If I want to maximize building up my own village's buildings to gain power and wealth, the game lets me do that, too.Cons/Wishlist:Non-returnable areas: Once you leave Denmark, you can't ever get back to those locations, except for your home village. I would love to be able to access Ribe, Jelling, and other locations, to flesh out the Denmark experience. It seems a waste to put so many merchants in Ribe if you can only access them when you're poor in the intro campaignDane axes: the two-handed dane axe is not worth pursuing. It does less damage than duel-wielding axes, and the spear beats it as a range weapon, because a spear can extend to three spaces.Plot: when in-game, it's never obvious what is possible, and what is not. My initial plan was to ally with the Picts and invade Northumbria with my army, so I would have a kingdom with allies to the north and rivals (Mercia) to the south. But this wasn't possible, as I could only invade BOTH the Picts and Saxons, or neither of them.Character Development: I would LOVE there to be more dialogue and interaction with party members. I made romances with two characters, but there were no follow-up conversations or any impact on plot. Similarly, I wanted to ask Aife just what she was doing hanging around in my group, what's her back story, etc. There is so much possibility for world-building and role-playing in going in-depth with character backstories and dialogue interactions, like Dragon Age: Origins for just one example. A huge missed opportunity in my opinion, especially since so many hird members are put there by the game instead of just random recruits like in Expeditions: Conquistador.The boat: what did it matter what tree I chose for the keel? I was never told that my prioritizing of speed (or cargo or intimidation) over the other two options had any effect whatsoever. Just a couple of random encounters/ ship boardings/ one-off raids thanks to the choice of keel would have made that choice feel important. As it is, looking back, I could have chosen anything and not known the difference.Overall: A great experience, though of course it's a small studio and this is the first few days, so you have to be patient and send in bug reports. But for a small studio, they put out a great game, and I know they'll do everything they can to smooth out the wrinkles and make this seamless. I only hope they take suggestions from reviews in putting in more content and options, because as good as this game is, it can be even better.If you're staring at your game library and thinking ""None of this interests me right now,"" might I suggest picking up this title and letting yourself stride through the 8th century to glory in the North Sea."
76561198017278382,Recommended,445190,32786302,Posted: 25 June,all,Farsy,Combining a Turn Based version of Baldur's Gate with Vikings.  What more could you ask for?!
76561198030925878,Recommended,445190,31542475,Posted: 4 May,all,donschmiddy,Yes! this is it! A game that doesn't betray the buyers shamelessly. The content sofar is grand. the sidequest memorable and the characters in your hird are fleshed out! Honestly this nutcase sister is the best one (loves battle more than her own life).i don't quite get the building menu yet but otherwise this is a game wellworth buying. This is everything a turn based rpg should be like!
,Recommended,445190,32997408,Posted: 29 June,all,I'm so suck,"This game has its up's and downs.Let's talk about the up's""-Good story-easy to pick up combat-great dialogueThese are the down's-game will crash-camp sites are crucial. Don't use one that means your team is screwedOverall this game is fun. Once you get in the swing of things this is an awsome game7.5/10"
76561198009462108,Recommended,445190,32630149,Posted: 21 June,all,Reborn,Great turn-based strategy game with intricate story-line where your decisions impact on the game.
76561198030793673,Recommended,445190,33009090,Posted: 29 June,all,Gasuton,"A very entertainment game, good story, good graphics, not too expensive, an excellent relation price quality, very recommendable."
76561198019651705,Not Recommended,445190,32150996,Posted: 3 June,all,shelprj14,"Expeditions: Vikings is cool in concept. It sort of reminds me of the Baldur's Gate games, in play style. However, Expition: Vikings has a lot of problems. The controls are not smooth. Movment is jittery. It has long load times. The story is a bit bland and cliched. And at one point the main quest gliched for me. A certain characted I needed to talk to desapeared from the game. I was stuck. I had to start over.I spent $30 on this and I regrete it. Would it be worth buying if it was $10-$15? I think so. But the game is not refined enough to be worth $30. Wait for the price to come down."
76561198029999394,Recommended,445190,31531454,Posted: 3 May,all,Jax | JH,"First off, people complaining about the timer clearly don't read all the conversation dialog. Yes the game dosent hold your hand and give you a full on tutorial about everything, but I figured out what needed to be done using my own common sense. The time given is more than enough to progress with doing all the side quests, as time only progresses when using the campaign map and camping. When in instances like towns for example, time will only progress on certain occasions with quests and clearly shows how much time has passed. If you are camping loads for no reason, of course you will run out of time. I think the time limit adds immersion and urgency into the game. Your clan is on the verge of being destroyed, and you need allies. The enemy isn't just going to wait forever for you to prepare yourself. Many other games have time limits, one of the xcom games does and that franchise is loved.I recommend the game on the basis that it has sucked me in and I am having so much fun with it. Though I have experienced a few minor bugs that affect gameplay, mainly crashing to desktop. I just save often, especially before combat, and it is not a problemI have experienced one major bug that stops you progressing on a certain path you can go with in main storyline (due to CTD). This has not put me off as I can just follow that on a second playthrough when it is patched.I would recommend picking this up in a few months when some of the major bugs are ironed out. The devs are doing a great job with patching the game so far and I can see they are doing the best they can.I'm not going to go into a detailed review at the moment as I just wanted to get my opinion out there."
76561198003002012,Recommended,445190,31466315,Posted: 30 April,all,Karrick,"TL;DR, solid game, and you'll like it if you liked Expeditions: Conquistador.I'm going to start off with complaints, which are minor in my case, so remember that I'm still giving this game a thumbs-up and none of these have been game-breaking for me.I haven't run into the bugs that other people have mentioned (yet, I guess). That said, the devs are also active on the forum and keeping the community up to date, so bugs are getting worked on. Honestly that alone makes me want to leave a positive review because it happens seldom enough.  I appreciate the effort guys!The camera is a little disorienting, and I'd like to be able to rotate along the z-axis because this game has some nice models, scenery, and animation that I'd like to see from more than top-down or almost-top-down.The random party formation on combat start is annoying, yes, and it can potentially really screw you.  I haven't found it too difficult to work around though.Now, positives.  The art really stands out - from the characters to the terrain everything looks great.  The plot is (~10 hours in) well done and your companions are interesting, even if they all fall into clear stereotypes.  Combat can be as difficult or not as you want it to be using the difficulty options and all the various combat skills feel like they have a place."
76561198034818676,Not Recommended,445190,31457014,Posted: 29 April,all,crench,"Combat system is crap.  It's an RPG, but squad level, turn-based combat is a huge part of it, and its annoying as hell.- Your party is limited to your main hero + five companions even though you've recruited a group of ten.  The enemy groups are not limited to 5 lol...- You move your hero and the rest follow like a herd of sheep.  There's no way to move them individually before combat starts.  This sets up really lame scenarios such as forcing your party to run into an ambush that immediately surrounds them.- There's no initiative factor.  The scenarios are poorly designed  so that its preprogrammed whether your group or the enemies attack first.- There's no way to initiate combat.  You have to drag your herd of dopes to a certain point for combat to start, even though you can see the enemies way before that point.The looting system is kind of messed up too.  When you clear a campsite of enemies, the stupid camping menu comes up as soon as the battle is over and the dead bodies disappear.  WTF?!  I wanted the gear these a-holes were fighting me with!  Stupid programming!!"
,Recommended,445190,31503145,Posted: 2 May,all,Marty McFlash,"It's a great game, and I would love to see more games like this in the future.I've had about 4 crashes in 18 hours of play time. It's annoying, but thanks to frequent saving, and the autosaves, I haven't ever lost more than a few minutes of progress.   The gameplay and characters make up for the annoyances. Devs are working on fixing the problems, which is good.Thumbs up from me. I'm enjoying it.  More like this, please."
76561198298338686,Not Recommended,445190,31451801,Posted: 29 April,all,One_Eye,"Never Trust Steam Reviews.So how do you make an RPG about being a viking warlord a boring, bugged mess?First off, it's basically unplayable in it's current state. The UI is terrible, the combat is terrible (and it's soo slow) and you can't even pre-position the characters before a fight so tactics fly out the window when the enemy can just pick off your weakest healers and archers on the first turn. There is also an absolutely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ timelimit so you are forced into accomplishing all the quests as quickly as possible.The quests btw, are always some variation of go to A and Kill B and fetch C. The characters and the story are boring.  So you decided to make a ""historically accurate"" game about vikings where they are not as they are usually protrayed as badass vicious immoral killers, ok instead you make them uninteresting and one dimesnional but killing everyone you meet is to it's credit usually an option but it's not the one that the game wants you to take, and if you do that nothing interesting happens anwyay, there is no pillaging, slaughter and the consequences are never explored, you just get your valuables move on with your life on to the next quest for the faction you just brutally murdered lol, on top of that you make 50% of the armed opposition you encounter both in Denmark and in England sword wielding warrior women because historical accuracy."
76561197979402731,Not Recommended,445190,31465141,Posted: 30 April,all,Zatio,"Its a pretty good game, a shame the game is riddled with crashes, after playing for about 18 hours i have started to encounter crashing every 30min or so, i had really hoped my one time crash when starting the game was all but this game is filled with load crashing,combat crashing and character creation crashing.Its a good game just not a working one."
76561198009635392,Recommended,445190,33496215,Posted: 12 July,all,lmadden,"This game is fun! At first, I was hesitant on buying due to the fact of turn base style of game, and the little amount of voice acting. If you are somewhat like me in these aspects, let me tell you this game is worth it!! The turn base action is fun and addicting, the dialog pulls you in, and if you make a choice in the game, it feels like there will be consequences. There is base management, party management, crafting (buying, or finding recourses), and loot. The sound track is amazing, the story pulls you in ( It is a lot like VIKINGS, the T.V show), and best part about it….its Vikings! Decide to raid or trade! Give it a go, it’s a blast!"
76561197970594943,Recommended,445190,32601561,Posted: 20 June,all,[ODHC]Ondo,"I really enjoyed this game. Most dialog is in text form and the few spoken dialog is a refreshing break.  The roleplaying part is good but not that complex, The only thing i was missing was that I wanted too plunder more churches.But i will proably play this game again and choose a diffrent path."
76561198109500046,Recommended,445190,33194264,Posted: 3 July,all,hobotone,"This was one of the first games I actually anticipated, and bought it the minute it released. It was seriously buggy, but the devs have really been responsive to players, and hammered out  the kinks with a steady stream of updates.The gameplay mechanics are great, everything you'd expect in a turn based tactical rpg. This was to be expected, considering they nailed the mechanics in Expeditions: Conquistadores. In fact, Conquistadores, in my opinion, a much better game. That's a shame because I love all things viking. Some of the dialogues in this game were painfully cheesy enough to break the immersion. Turn based combat, no matter how good, can get stale without a compelling storyline.All gripes aside, the foundation of the Expeditions series is solid."
76561198007426689,Recommended,445190,33236341,Posted: 4 July,all,FrankBashtard,"I love this game! Extremely addictive. If you like History channel's Vikings, this is your game.And don't freak out about the timer. It only runs on the campaign map, so you can still fully explore all areas you enter, so it isn't an issue at all. It is connected to the story line and without it, all you do kind of loses its urgency."
76561198023141447,Recommended,445190,33143012,Posted: 2 July,all,swampdweller,"Loved every second of this game. With rich storie with great plot, and deep characters the RPG aspect is phenominal. The turn based combat system is in a tried and true format that is familiar to every gamer with a modicum of experience. If you like the viking culture, and fancy yourself a tactical genius then there is no better use of your money."
76561198055337068,Recommended,445190,33408746,Posted: 9 July,all,Brannigan's Law,"Having played through and enjoyed the developer's last game, Expeditions: Conquistador, I was looking forward to enjoying a slightly more polished experienced with Expeditions: Viking.  The game delivers by combining role playing with other light game play elements such as base building, party mangagement, and turn base combat.  None of these elements are particularly complex on their own, but combined they make for a great playing experience.My only critique of the game (if you want to call it that) would be that it left me wanting more.  While the game is really good, I feel that with a larger development budget and more developed features/detail, this game would go from really good to GREAT easily.  If anything though this should serve as a compliment to the small development team that managed to accomplish a lot with this game with what is likely limited resources .At full price this game may seem a little expensive for some, but on any sort of sale this game was an absolute must buy for me.  Looking forward to the next installment in this series."
76561197978613774,Recommended,445190,32803304,Posted: 25 June,all,Gabeed,"Expedition: Vikings is a CRPG which combines the turn-based combat a la XCOM with the choice and consequence of the older Bioware games.  The music and writing are wonderful, and the camp-companion system is innovative--it's a rare RPG where you actually have all your companions, even the ones you're not having tag alongside you, be useful in keeping your arms repaired, your camp guarded, etc etc.  It also happens to be one of the most historicity-laden games I've played this side of a Paradox grand strategy game.  In an industry where bloated, gaudy, uninspired crap like Ryse or the latter members of the Assassin's Creed series treat the historical context like Godzilla treats Tokyo, it's hard to put into words how grateful I am to be playing a historical RPG which seems to have a real passion for preserving a sense of authenticity.The game shows its budget in places--the interface can be a bit unintuitive at times, there are bugs here and there, and the voice acting is almost non-existent; but due to the writing and various interactions, I feel closer to the people in my party--even the customs ones I created--than the desultory Mass Effect: Andromeda or Dragon Age: Inqusition bands."
76561198011942888,Recommended,445190,32904187,Posted: 27 June,all,Pothros,"Here's something you don't find every day. A tactical RPG and not a rifle, pistol, fireball or magic missile in sight. Instead you grab an axe and immerse yourself in the world of the Danes as you control your little group (""hird"") of Vikings roaming around Denmark and later Britain. Raider, trader or diplomat, the choice is yours.Let's run some numbersGraphics:8/10 - Great! It's classic Unity engine, not awe-inspiring but gets the job done. The maps are nice and detailed and you see your merry little band change apperance as they become better equipped.Audio:9/10  - Excellent! From grunts and boisterous battle taunts to minor voice acting for important characters and a sweeping music score that really puts you in the mood.Story:10/10 - Awesome! This is where the game truly shines and you can tell the developers know their subject. Family, Honor, Power struggles, Romance. All the ingredients of a good tale told by a skald during a long cold winter. The writing is on point and the characters feels like people.Combat:8/10 - Great! Perhaps on the easier side if you're a grizzled tactical genius. But I highly enjoyed the mix of combos and different status effect you could employ.Replayability:6/10 -  Not bad! There are a couple of different paths through the game and lots of minor dialogue choices that branch into different outcomes. Playing a hulking berserker, a sneaky archer or a silver tounged diplomat will yield vastly different experiences.Stability:7/10 - Good! As of the version at the time of this review (1.0.5) I only ran into a few occational graphical hiccups (characters getting stuck in the ground, or corpses falling through the world and denying me of loot!). Nothing totally gamebreaking.If you like games like the Shadowrun series, Wasteland 2, Planescape: Torment and Baldur's Gate I think I can safely say you would enjoy Expedition: Vikings as well."
76561198077622398,Recommended,445190,33344645,Posted: 7 July,all,Sohamkar,"The expeditions Viking is an awesome game. After conquistador it seems refreshing and far from repeating nature of sequels. All the game mechanics from the previous game are improved, modified and some new ones are added to the mix making it really delicious!!The devs are great and they build the game along with community. I will look for more such games from them."
76561198002825958,Recommended,445190,33417770,Posted: 9 July,all,Vix,"Despite the talk about bugs, I've only encountered 2 of them after 40 hours of gameplay, neither of which were at all game breaking.This game has definitely been polished over the last few months and more than earns its current price tag of about 30€. It is highly immersive and balances story & text perfectly with combat.9/10A perfect viking age turn-based RPG!"
76561198007683294,Recommended,445190,31583898,Posted: 6 May,all,NeonHaggis,A unique and often brilliant game currently mired in a bug swamp. Give it a month or two if you want to avoid the frustration.
,Recommended,445190,34896031,Posted: 11 September,all,Slimu,A great RPG with turn based combat and hard choices to make. Most of the bugs have been fixed and runs (and looks) great. A must buy for any fan of the Conquistador series.
,Recommended,445190,34336009,Posted: 18 August,all,Hank,"Ever wanted to raid your neighbours, slaughter entire villages full of innocents, and rule the entirety of Medieval England?Well now you can! And it's pretty fun the whole way through, too. Feels like a medieval XCOM, minus the insane difficulty curve. Worth it if you enjoy turn based RPGs spliced with an interesting story based in history."
,Recommended,445190,31544405,Posted: 4 May,all,JTF / Frey,if youre into RPG its worth getting even with the bugs that they have been all over fixing.
,Recommended,445190,32971057,Posted: 28 June,all,Narf,"Okay so first off, I LOVE this game. It really reminds me of Wasteland 2 which is one of my favourite games of all time. I highly recommend both Expeditions: Viking AND Wasteland 2.Furthermore, I would love if the game was not only limited to a set time, I would love to see the option to continue playing after you have won. Perhaps DLC's for more campaigns or an update with more content! I really enjoy playing this game, I continue to replay it but after a couple times I started to wish for more content I.E. weapon and armor looks, additional followers to gain. Perhaps a Ragnarök mode where you can test the might of your Hird against onslaughts of jötunn and other Norse beasts to gain gear and skill points!"
,Recommended,445190,32960169,Posted: 28 June,all,hayseed,"While I am normaly not into a game this text heavy I have to say this is one of the best games I have ever played. There is so much to do and the story is perfect. The combat also flows well once you get the hang of it and strikes a good balance between being chalanging but not gimmicky and/or impossible. Really the only small issue I had with the game is sometimes the loading screens can be a bit slow, but most don't take over 30 seconds though even on my oldest computer."
76561198008263875,Recommended,445190,31565012,Posted: 5 May,all,lumitone,Awesome! I love this game! Definitely recommend it. Still a touch buggy but they are working out the last few kinks.
76561198058795983,Recommended,445190,31568179,Posted: 5 May,all,SlyRaz,"Superb gameplay. It is a great tactical RPG.Would like more crafting, leveling, constructing and talking npc options. It could use a sandbox with factions fighting each others for control.Would pay for many DLCs."
,Recommended,445190,32226593,Posted: 6 June,all,The kipper man,"could not put this game down the last three days! im astounded a small studio could accomplish such a wonderful game. One playthrough added up to 27 hours for me, and the overall experiance was definately worth the price tag. Will definately have another playthrough soon as the story seems to branch a few different ways, aswell as a difference in playstyles.Music is exceptional, gameplays smooth, looks beutiful.only dowsides are a mediocre charactor creator (still offers enough) a fair amount of loading screens but they rarely take too long. And what seems to be a rushed ending. I would love to se the realease of another chapter a DLC or see chices carried over into the next game, fingers crossed x"
76561198024800660,Not Recommended,445190,31546544,Posted: 4 May,all,Olin011,"Despite giving thumbs down I really like the story and the atmposhere. I played over 8h and the quests seem to show enough reactivity (i.e. choices and consequences) to validate multiple playthroughs. Combat works well although I see a room for improvement - setting some kind of party formation would be nice, for example.I really wanted to recommend this game but the release was very buggy. In spite of devs working full time to address the most gamebreaking/glaring bugs and releasing patch 1.0.2 the work is far from finished - just look at the support forum yourself.Once the game is more polished I may actually write another review and recommend it but at the present I feel like I paid for a privilege to betatest EA game."
76561198004740412,Recommended,445190,32026975,Posted: 28 May,all,SniperHF,Fun turn based RPG in an uncommon setting.  Well written though perhaps a little lacking in mid-late game content in that department.  Not without it's problems; the game is too easy and has a significant amount of bugs.  But there aren't too many games out there like this so it's easy to overlook those flaws.
76561197991009575,Recommended,445190,32062825,Posted: 30 May,all,Marcus Butthurticus,"Expedition: Viking is a standalone follow up to the old Conquistador game this company made.To me, this is more of a RPG game and less survival but a lot of the old parts are still here. It is a turnbased viking game with a skillpoint system rewarded for doing tasks or finding things instead of levels gained and experience. Which makes you able to do some interesting builds. It is very based around builds and combos you can do. A shield wall and spears behind, a berserker flanking? Witches throwing dust in peoples eyes or the very powerful archer? You can play it in many ways and build your character in many different ways. It often leads to combat but being social and talking can sometimes render you free of a fight or able to take down a powerful opponent before it can do anything to hurt you.The story is nothing out of this world but it works and I found it interesting enough to pull me in to keep playing. The graphics are decent enough to and do not really need to be super spectacular for a game like this, a turnbased rpg with lots of battles. Although sometimes the angle can be a bit weird or some bugs kicks in when an opponent think it is better to remove shield and weapon in hand to punch at you.But the bugs I found in the game weren't that bad, only one time had I to reload since two quests procced at once and made the quest I was currently in a battle over, not end properly. Beside that I think the game has been patched up neatly and gives you lot of options how to play the game, As a diplomat? As a raider? A trader to get more wealth to your clan?To end it, this is not the most beautiful game, the ending is a bit lacking compared to the other 2/3 parts of the game, there is some weird things going on where the  AI drops  their weapons and shields or your fellow vikings shouting death rants as they hit others ""This is the end, Grimvardrson..."" weird. But the whole package of a  turnbased viking RPG is pretty cool and the story of fighting kingdoms on Britain and revealing plots over in Denmark is interesting and I had fun playing it so much that I started 2 other playthroughs to play it on insane and to play it for achievement fishing.And Im not a person who like to play many games twice, Baldurs Gate and Mass Effect are mostly the games I done that with since the 2000's."
76561198041778421,Recommended,445190,31520899,Posted: 3 May,all,thomaswilson510,gameplay is fun and compelling. but in its current build is completly unplayable currently an hour in but crashes completly stopping me from going further. i look forward to playing this game once the bug are ironed out.
,Recommended,445190,31526379,Posted: 3 May,all,MISHLOF,"I have to write a review, mostly addressing this 'Horrible' game over 'Hidden' timer. It in fact is not really hidden if you are reading and paying attention to the story plot. The game seems to be in sections, the first of which is to build up your village to make it strong before WAR season comes, or the large Moot, not artificial at all. The Dialog talks of it, and yes if you do not study the interface, there is no tool tip that points to it. but CLEARLY the mouse over the bar that is found in one of the main menus has a Start Date, and also an end date that says ""If you are not ready by then your game could end early...""SO Yes DEVs maybe add a tooltip, to point this out as it seems that at least a few people missed that.PROS-Good Old school RPG (baldur's gate, Divinity Original Sin, etc.)Difficulty a few other elements all have sliders to customize your experienceMore thinking than just Hack and SlashCons-Not clearly marked Timer for first part of the tale.Combat takes a bit to get used to, as you learn the Plethora of skills and abilities.Can not Name, or give nicknames to your Hird. Minor thing. (PAtch ? Patch?)In the world of $70 AAA games it seems to site at a nice price... if having doubts wait for a Steam sale."
,Recommended,445190,31542490,Posted: 4 May,all,💩,"They fixed most of the bugs, the game is fantastic now"
76561198004588005,Recommended,445190,31535019,Posted: 3 May,all,Ikari,"Good, a game to show what Northern England folks to watch out. I also think, the turn based element with the Viking theme is fitting because it requires the player to think and to get clever. Nevermind the amazing customizationg and graphics, the gameplay does match the good graphics."
76561198021942979,Recommended,445190,31688141,Posted: 11 May,all,twitch.tv/schobold,people complained about the time limit and the devs got rid of it with the next patch! <3
76561198040712412,Recommended,445190,31564023,Posted: 5 May,all,Sartori,"This game is fantastic.  Old school RPG at its very best.  It won't take you by the hand, you'll have to explore and learn for yourself.  You will frequently make irrevocable decisions that affect how you are treated by everyone around you, including your own crew.  Combat is fun, engaging and rewarding.  I am loving it!"
76561198098800886,Recommended,445190,32167373,Posted: 3 June,all,yakatuus,"Love this game and highly recommend it.  Reminds me a lot of Fallout.  It's exactly as advertised but with surprising replayability, depth and writing."
76561197971250083,Recommended,445190,31587159,Posted: 6 May,all,Byzok,"Great game!  If you like strategy games this is worth getting.  If you played the first expedition and liked it, then this is a must get!"
,Recommended,445190,31893807,Posted: 21 May,all,Plumbersmack,"I really really enjoyed this game. I would recommed buying it. The customization is great, the improvements in your city are fun and the end game is fairly satisfying.  As much as I love this game, there are several things that annoyed me.First, the game is quite short, I was able to beat it in about 24 hours.  However, to offset this, the replayability (forgive my spelling) is quite high.  Going into this I was expecting a game like KOTOR, unfortunately, it misses that mark by a wide margin.As great as it is to build your city and see it improve around you, from what I could tell this had little improvement in the end game, other than visual improvements.There was not enough character development.  There were some dialog between characters, but it was not enough to make me really care about them, save for one or two.The game is still quite buggy.  I was not able to complete all my missions because of various bugs that would hinder my progress, by not letting me complete the quest, or jumping around ""quest points"".  This vexed me greatly.I would highly recommend this game, as long as you know what to expect and are getting into.  I will definately continue to play this and enjoy this game."
76561198032705817,Recommended,445190,31428557,Posted: 28 April,all,shadeling,"I'm enjoying the hell out of this game!  Everything that I was hoping would be improved upon after playing Conquistadors has been and between the two games, it's increased my gaming enjoyment immensely.  And that's saying something because I had a lot of fun with Conquistadors too.The roleplaying aspect that I relished the most playing  Conquistadors is still in tact in Viking but with the much needed addition of your army (or hirdmen in this case) being very visible and adding their own personalities to the experience, rather than just seeing them during combat or when a periodic event occured whilst exploring where it's just your character on their horse for most of the game.One review I've read recently really seemed to hate the change in exploration for Viking but I absolutely love it. I much prefer to enter an area and be able to wander around and explore to my hearts content, vs having only so many number of movement tiles before I have to stop and camp. After playing Conquistadors for a while, that became more of a chore for me, move a little bit, then camp. Move, camp, move camp, puncutated by periodic events but after a while, with some of those events repeating over and over, it got to be really tedius so I love this change in this sequel!Also, I love the fact that my character actually has equipment and I can loot fallen enemies and chests in the wild and come across amazing upgrades for her, not to mention there is actually a character creation system this time around which was lacking in Conquistador, other than stats and one portrait.    And damn, I'm not a Viking scholar but it sure feels like the devs have done their homework (or maybe they're Vikings themselves? From Denmark, right? :P) with their attention to detail as far as Norse lore goes because it just feels like I'm completely immersed in a true Viking tale and it's so engrossing and so much fun.  I can't stop playing."
76561198069993922,Not Recommended,445190,31563712,Posted: 5 May,all,Dratlus,Can't recommend this game to anyone at the moment... there is too many bugs.
,Recommended,445190,32047571,Posted: 29 May,all,Pizza Knight,No horned helmets.10/10
,Recommended,445190,31509742,Posted: 2 May,all,Blackberrystorm,"*EDIT* Just finished the game for the first time. Well worth the cost. It is a fun ride if you like this sort of genre. I would recommend it for those with patience. The ending in particular is beautiful. Though, never quiet the same each time.*original*Are there bugs? Yup. Are the tactics super complex? Nope.So why like it? Well, Updates are fixing bugs. The game is only partially about tactics. What drives this game to  ""lets play it again"" levels is the story! So many choices, twists and turns. That when you consider them throughout the game you realize you cannot enjoy them all with out having another go. I highly suggest for the price that you give it a try."
76561198024156674,Recommended,445190,31591925,Posted: 6 May,all,Mac,"I am torn at the moment. It is an addicting game with a lot of replayability. There are still some bugs that need to work out concerning the game randomly getting stuck. Do a quest and the game freezes on load option for the text or the quests must be repeated a dozen times before registering. Combat needs to be fixed. Enemy archers seem to be very OP. My archers have all the skills that are possible for firing a bow, yet miss more often than not or their hits are blocked. Enemy archers decimate my group. They appear to always hit, always crit and can fire from huge distances with accuracy. Enemy archers can fire at me, but I cannot fire back, even though they are in LOS and not behind cover, which makes no sense to me.Overall, the game has a lot of potential and based on the forums, the devs do seem to care and respond, so hopefully this is not failware."
76561197991804024,Recommended,445190,31447344,Posted: 29 April,all,Salesninja,"15 hours in...sooo good!  Great turn based combat, great story, depth, and customization.   If you are at all interested in Vikings, this is a much buy.  I havent encountered any of the bugginess some reviewers mention.One of my favorite games I have played for quite some time.  The real deal."
,Recommended,445190,31460417,Posted: 30 April,all,Kydoimas,"Brilliant game, brought down a notch or two by a stream of passable bugs. However if you are willing to overlook the lack of shine, you will find a game that boasts a brilliant plot, high level of choice and interactivity, rich scenery and engaging mechanics. Would recommend highly."
,Recommended,445190,31643693,Posted: 9 May,all,[82DK] Rook,"This game has a ton of replayability, and the story can change drastically depending upon your choices. There are indeed quite a few frustrating bugs, but I have completed my first playthrough without experiencing game-breaking issues and I am looking forward to the next campaign. I would certainly pay for an expansion of the story, the world is ripe for more exploration (and pillaging!)"
76561198034387750,Recommended,445190,31467475,Posted: 30 April,all,Findanniin,"Changed the below negative review to positive to reflect it's current state - it's no longer the bug-riddled mess it was, and is now a very fun, playable and highly recommended strategy RPG.----There's a good game here - and I'm almost certain that I will be coming back to this review later to change this to a thumbs up; But I have a hard time recommending Viking in it's current state.There's crashes, there's minor and major quests breaking left and right and the forums are abuzz with people who are simply unable to load the second map.I've been *mostly* lucky, but have one corrupt (and unfinishable) quest stuck in my log as well as had to reload to previous saves twice in my 6 hours with the game due to bugs removing NPC's  from the area and simply leaving me stranded in zones.Logic Artists have a track record of spending a decent amount of time polishing their games after release, and I'm convinced Viking will eventually be a worthy addition to your games library if you're into plot heavy, historical strategy rpg's - but unless you're willing to pay to be a beta tester, I'd wait a month or so to pick this one up.Or, you know, watch this space."
76561198005428101,Recommended,445190,33142947,Posted: 2 July,all,FatalEvents,More fun than you can shake a dane axe at.
76561198038634384,Recommended,445190,32504967,Posted: 17 June,all,God Of Prinnies,Expeditions: Viking has kept me busy over 40 hours and I had a lot of fun with it.this game is a bit text heavy and somwhat buggy but in my opinion is a must have for turn-base RPG gamers.
76561198042058547,Recommended,445190,32794819,Posted: 25 June,all,Vermin Supreme,"first impression:so far i absolutely love this game. keep in mind i havent played much yet and i will have to update the review later on,but right now im really digging it. the writing is really, really good. the combat mechanics are cool. there is a lot of character customization with lots and lots of skills. even having pretty much only played the prologue i can already tell you that there are quite a lot of choices and consequences to be had. the sound assets really add to the overall atmosphere and the visuals are very good looking in my opinion. so far i have not encountered any bugs whatsoever. if you like crpgs you are probably gonna like this one.i will definitely keep playing."
,Recommended,445190,33887604,Posted: 29 July,all,Vladkins,"8/10 - very fun, in-depth game set in the wonderful Viking world. If you like... the first game, FFTactics, xcom combat system and the like give this game a go.++ Challenging learning curve+ Plethora of skills to kill hundreds of enemies with in a variety of ways+ Nice rest/eat/injury system to ground the game+ Leveraging companion skills is very satisfying- Combat is needlessly slow without options to change game speed/skip repetition- Game combat difficulty is easily broken by using ranged attacks, AI appears to be unable to nullify such tactics- Most of game concepts are not explained or introduced"
76561198183513154,Recommended,445190,32755156,Posted: 24 June,all,Jar of Dirt,"This is a surprisingly good game, I picked it up on summer sale along with the dlc and vastly agree that this was worth the money paid."
76561198008973226,Recommended,445190,33480234,Posted: 12 July,all,Marine03,"Great game, very well done gentlemen!!! Great turn base game, glitch free with beautiful design. Hope to see free mode in the game like this but i would recommend it to everyone who likes turn based games."
,Recommended,445190,33586558,Posted: 16 July,all,SyKo Champion,I rushed through this game in less then 20hrs. The story seems a little short but I did avoid the side quests. The struggle to keep characters alive weighs heavy on you throughout the game. It can be a difficult game at times but nothing rage worthy. all-in-all I reccomend this game and will probably replay it several times through the ages.
,Recommended,445190,33630201,Posted: 18 July,all,drwn,Can recommend for anyone who like turn based tactical rpg's.Captivating atmosphere and story is nice for this type of game. While I don't think the characers are that great they are not bad either and enough to enjoy and keep playing the game.Some feedback to devs if they end up reading this; Imo the game could use a better balance and build diversity. Currently it seems to be the best to build the party around 1 dps and rest of the party being shield carrying support characters considering it is possible to just feed the dps new turns with the inspire skill while the supports tie up enemy melee. This means you dont even need to craft good weapons for more than 1 guy.
76561198007404427,Recommended,445190,33688322,Posted: 20 July,all,blindseye,"This is simply the best of this type of D&D RPG game that I have played in ages. It is my most favorite since Icewind Dale. Finally, we have 6 characters to fight with again.  If you like this period of history, you will love this game.  Very little magic, so build sword/axe/shield tanks, a couple of archers (with secondary weapons), and a healer.  I am just about to finish the first campaign, so I am guessing there are about 50 hours or so the first time through (on Easiest setting), but there are several other paths you can take, so there is replayability and some sandbox play if you just move around to the different camps.  Do rest and feed your troops in camp on a regular basis. Specialize your characters for healing, tinkering, smithing, witchcraft, cooking, hunting, etc. Make water bags to put out fires as your troops catch fire when hit by fire arrows."
76561198006827948,Recommended,445190,33802348,Posted: 25 July,all,gseidi,"If you like turn based tactical games with a RPG component, look no further. This Game is amazing, much superior to its already good predecessor. The story is very rich and absorbing, the musical score is way beyond excellent. I cannot recommend this enough."
76561198039639247,Recommended,445190,32888704,Posted: 27 June,all,Dikstra,"If you like ""Expeditions conquistador"", buy this game."
76561197960292106,Recommended,445190,33839557,Posted: 27 July,all,Misterinpact,I finished the game for the first time. A great game. If you like Tyranny you're gonna love this one. Same things if you like Vikings !
76561198079495244,Recommended,445190,33414502,Posted: 9 July,all,Milk Powered Kitteh,"What weighs this game down is slight glitches with game files and other strange data issues. Also some quests can have an issue with confusing layout and unclear direction. Besides that, this game is very well done. Story is engaging enough to keep you entertained throughout and genuinly give a care as far as events unfolding. After some quest resolutions you actually get to see the outcome which helps show your actions you take throughout the game matter. Combat mechanics are in depth enough for strategists to appreciate without being overly complex to allow players like me to grasp it and have enough fun. The loyalty system with companions does WHAT ALL RPGS SHOULD DO and affects only stats. you can feel free to do whatever you want for the most part without having to worry about ""wahhh that bothered me, ima betray you now.""Finally, I cant reccomend this game for $30, it just doesnt have the content level to justify that. However, for on sale it is definitly worth the pick up. keep it on your wishlist and wait for a sale, if you casually enjoy RPGs, you wont regret it."
76561198081450332,Recommended,445190,33438673,Posted: 10 July,all,Iso Koala,"Expeditions: Conquistador was an excellent turn based tactic game with an interesting historical setting, and like that, Expeditions: Viking doesnt let down and offers a good, mature RPG set in realistic historical world and culture.The trailers mainly show combat aspect of the game, but actually this is very story orientated game with plenty of talking and planning. Main challenges come from the combat, but combat itself is only half of the focus of the game. Turn based tactical combat works pretty well, and is rewarding in higher difficulties. Once you get used to the system and skills, it isnt really that hard though, but there is certain satisfication you get from getting flawless victories in outnumbered battle, chopping the enemies head down with your heavy viking axes. Due to level up system, you will also be gaining new skills to play with through the game, so you wont have to rely on same skills all the time. Thats in theory though. Some skills are quite over powered while some are less so. After you find the best way to combine your team, you really dont even need the later skills. Nevertheless, even though the battles do get a bit repetitive, I didnt ever find them boring.The story of the game is actually quite similar to the television series of the same theme, you feel like you are in the same world doing your own things. There is quite a few of different factions you can do missions to gain their alliance, and different paths will alter the ending as well. While the writing is mostly good, I felt that my character was semi-forced into a common errand boy a bit too much. You could skip those errand boy missions I suppose, but that would mean that you will be just missing some content of the game, and as a perfectionist that wasnt an option for me. The further you go, the less you have those small and irrelevant missions though.One aspect that I found very irritating was that you can upgrade your town, but the game never really explains what is the actual meaning of it. Yet it actually plays a bigger picture in the grand scheme of things, and wrong construct of your town will actually hinder your RPG choices in the end. As the game didnt hint about the importance of this, in the end I was blocked out of the way of things I wanted to do for the whole game. I was so frustreted about this, that I hacked my save file to get things right there. A mechanic like this should be better hinted at least, since eventually its the biggest choice you will make in the game -without you knowing of it.Technically game is solid. Nice graphics, nice animations. Excellent music that reminds me of the movie Last of the Mohicans. Some scripting small bugs here and there due to the open nature of the game, but nothing game breaking.Overall I liked the world of Vikings given to me. But if I would have to choose, I still liked the previous Expeditions game more. It felt much more like an actual expedition where you have to search the unknown world yourself and never know what awaits you. In Vikings, you always know where you are going, due to story narrative being much more direct, and world map being rather simplified compared to the previous game. You dont have to search for the locations yourself in the game, all locations are told by NPCs where they are, and you only need to click the world map icon to travel to those. Game is open and you can still choose your path, just that the paths are always pointed to you and you dont have to find anything yourself.The general feel of Conquistador was more of a strategy game with RPG elements, where Vikings is much more traditional RPG game with tactical elements. But there is not many historical RPGs around, so I still highly recommend the game for anyone who is fan of RPGs, or viking culture."
76561198006816458,Recommended,445190,33543173,Posted: 14 July,all,Chef,"For a long time I had been hard-pressed to find an RPG that I would actually bother finishing. While I thought the trailer video didn't look like much, I decided to give this game a chance.And I am so glad I did !The story is great and entertainingHistorically somewhat accurate settingRPG in a realistic medieval norse setting (i.e. there is no magic, dragons etc.)All of the non-generated companions are relatable and have more personality than fully voice-acted ones from 60€ AAA titlesFlexible character development with a wide set of skills (combat, support,camp,other)Combat is tactically challenging, deep and enjoyableWhile exploring every nook and cranny it took me 25 hours to finish the game, so it's fine in length, even though I would have liked there to be a longer main campaign. In fact I really want more of this, please give us a sequel where we can pick up the story right where Expeditions: Viking leaves it."
76561198035165219,Recommended,445190,31538347,Posted: 4 May,all,GSoda,"The amount of bugs is certainly noticeable, but hardly render the game unplayable. The core experience is that of an excelent RPG with entertaining combat as well as a choice and consequence system that actually matters."
76561198018931221,Recommended,445190,31674060,Posted: 10 May,all,Whynot,"I have to admit that there are some bits of games that feels rather unpolished.From time to time, battle freezes, quest breaks and interaction becomes awkward.But I still like its unique atmosphere, crafting system, battles, and role-playing aspects.It's fun to play and developers fix issues and bugs over time. Although it would be much appreciated if they've done it before releasing the game."
76561197993036692,Recommended,445190,31603109,Posted: 7 May,all,Karjus,"While the format may have changed a fair amount in regards to exploration and character progression from Expeditions: Conquistadors, the game once again delivers an interesting story with some interesting quests and characters. Lots of fun! On release, it's a little buggy but then I don't really expect anything else from complex story RPs these days with lots of possibilities/endings to content. The Devs are doing their best to try and hammer them out and working with the players."
,Recommended,445190,33872152,Posted: 28 July,all,Glaciess,"Oh boy, this game.So, a little backstory, I bought this game back when it launched, it appealed to me greatly, I love CRPG's and I'm a huge history buff with one of my all time favourite time periods to immerse myself in being the viking age (Albeit I'm usually more into the Alfred the Great side of things) so this should be a knockout for me, I played maybe an hour and thought ""Eh, it's great historically and pretty fun, but underwhelming."" think I got literally through the prologue and just stopped.Then 2 months later, I decide to try it again, and jesus christ, I have no idea what kind of brain aneurysm I suffered 2 months ago to not continue playing this game, the prologue is slow, it thrusts you into it a bit heavily, and I didn't feel immersed until I got through the prologue, but once I did, I was entrenched in this game, it's a wonderful experience. The music is beautiful, especially the ballad called ""Homestead"" which occurs when you first enter Northumbria/York (I'm not sure the exact trigger, sometimes it triggered in Scarborough, sometimes in Jorvik), the characters were enjoyable and actually interacted very nicely as the game progressed and overall, it really felt like what you wanted to do, you could fully do. (Also the game will make you feel like the biggest scum of the earth for some decisions, you'll see.) It is challenging, although, archers are overpowered, on my second playthrough I dumped spear/knife/daneaxe wielders entirely and just went for a triple shield/axe/sword and triple archer combo, which turned out to just make the game immensely easier, so I then restarted again and bumped up to Insane, it was more challenging,  but the archers still felt stupidly overpowered, alot of the time, I only lost one battle through the entire thing and that was because I walked through 4 attacks of opportunity in a row and ended up figuratively slamming my head on the desk wondering what I was doing.Overall, storywise, the game is amazing once you get through the prologue, the ending is a little weak though it does still catch you off guard with some great twists, but to be honest, the wrap up for the mid-game (which is 90% of the game anyways and the best part) is satisfying enough for an ending anyways. The music is stellar, the gameplay is damn good (Outside of the afforementioned balance problems), other than that, please for the love of god devs, add in ironman, I wanna 100% this game and it's not possible :( The feeling of jumping out of my seat in joy when I found that last god damn cairn in Britain made me think I had done it, until I googled and found out Beowulf is fully impossible :(Anyways, I give this game a 9/10 in current state, 10/10 if they balance out the compositions (I see alot of people complaining about bugs, and I can appreciate it may have been like that on launch, but the devs have been very interactive on the community forums trying to fix everything, and the game is extremely polished now. The only issue I ran into was trying to get into Ribe for the first time, the loading hike was massive and crashed my game twice. Other than that, the bugs are really ironed out now.)"
76561198013255882,Recommended,445190,33952841,Posted: 1 August,all,nebarti,"SO really loved this game, great story where I care about the characters and like the traveling game play though wish Kettle would stop drinking from the rancid stream. Really hope there will be many DLCs as there is so much potential in the viking world, else where in Britania, the Americas or my personal hope is that we can go and liberate Saxony and restore the old Gods. Managed to forget life for a bit and absorb myself in this game, so it was a great pass time and really recomend it."
76561198139014588,Recommended,445190,35009080,Posted: 16 September,all,Bloodsider,Impressive writing with fun combat and progression system that can keep a player immersed in the game for hours. Highly recommended as it is a well made game.
76561197996067665,Recommended,445190,35037601,Posted: 17 September,all,Thursday,"Expeditions: Viking is a fantastic RPG game that is well worth your time. If you liked the old Infinity Engine games, you will like this one (even though it is turn-based, not real-time).What initially struck me about this game, besides the beautiful art style and fitting soundtrack, was the interaction between several systems in the game. You see, the conversation choices matter more than just directing the storyline (which, compared to some RPGs, there are some interesting ways the story can go based on your choices!). Each of your party members has 4 attributes that they like in their leader (Such as Aggression, Peaceful, Conceited, Honorable, Cunning, etc). If your conversation choices match what a party member likes, they will gain morale. Choose the opposite option and they will lose morale.What does morale do? Well, it will increase or decrease the character's physical and mental defenses. A high physical defense might prevent a character from being knocked down in combat and a high mental defense may allow a character to resist being taunted. Also, if you want to romance the romancable characters, they better have a high morale!For another example, look at the lethal vs. non-lethal options in combat. When fighting, you have the option of being lethal or non-lethal. In non-lethal combat, none of the enemies will die (they just fall to the ground and writhe in pain), and you cannot critically hit anyone for extra damage. In lethal combat, sometimes the enemies will die and you can critically hit for massive damage. However, by keeping certain enemies alive, it may assist you in completing a quest or even later in the story.However, this game is not perfect. There are still a few bugs (which, to the credit of those who made the game, they are actively fixing), so be sure to have a couple different save games handy.Also, you get to be a Viking, so why aren't you getting this? YOU ARE A VIKING. YOU GET A SHIP! A VIKING SHIP!"
,Recommended,445190,31465609,Posted: 30 April,all,ipapotihus,"Good game. You will really feel the Vikings vibes!Good succesor of Constitator, but its also different. You don't explore the map as much, you explore location on the map. As in Baldur gate, Torment, Pillar of eternity, etc.. Its suit my palette. The 2 games are good game and derserve the love.As the current state of the game... Wait for a week before buying the game (after is release), their are a lot of bugs. Some game breaking's one.You got inventory, more control over the partner you take with you. You can create all you party member if you want.I'm happy with my purchase, been a while since I found a game I cannot wait to resume.."
,Recommended,445190,31571773,Posted: 5 May,all,Stokes,"A Battle Brothers-lite historical tactical RPG. You must pick up the many broken pieces of your Viking clan left by your recently dead father by being as blood-thirsty or as peaceful as you like.  Strengthen bonds, build bridges, or scorch the earth before the building even begins. There are many ways to tackle many different scenarios. It all depends on how you build your character and your Hird (party). Each party member has personality traits that you must take under consideration when making decisions, and will gain or lose morale accordingly. Manage your home base and choose upgrades leaning towards either power or prosperity, and decide the fate of the many moving parts that make up your clan.Battles are standard turn based rpg fare with a few twists to make it interesting. All characters have both movement and attack actions. Any character can go in any order and you can keep switching between them until they run out of attack and movement actions.  This allows for excellent battle strategy in creating flanks and exposing the enemy out into the open. However, the same applies to the enemy.In battles, when one of your members hp reaches zero, they become incapacitated, and will no longer be able to act in combat (unless revived). Once a character becomes incapacitated they will recieve an injury that can only be healed by resting at one of the many camps on the overworld map. Each camp has different levels of security, food, and shelter, and some might even be occupied, requiring you to clear it out before you can use it.  When you camp, each member of your hird is required to take on 4 shifts in which they can either scout, guard, sleep, hunt, eat, craft items, or heal injuries.  All of these skills are available to both yourself and your party members and can and should be improved as you progress through the game.The plot and set pieces are very well presented, and there are quite a few conversation options that can depend on the stats or skills you pick, resulting in a unique experience each time through the game.Highly recommend."
,Recommended,445190,31426373,Posted: 28 April,all,Allistaar,"This is a the purest form of RPG, where you feel like you are free to carry out your own motivation, one of the few modern RPGs where your character has actuall impact. If you can get bast unambitious graphics and animations, and can handle a books worth of reading, this game will let you truly live the life of a Dane ""Viking""."
76561198029704499,Recommended,445190,31422432,Posted: 28 April,all,tora75,"It's pretty good. Combat and era is better than conquistadors IMO. Great art, solid music, decent voice work where it is implemented, some of the animations are entertaining, and the story is engaging enough.  I've had some minor niggles trying to click on things and understand some of the mechanics, but overall it's been fun. I had to turn doen the graphics to low (to be honest, I didn't notice a huge difference because I don't scroll in close that often anyway), but it's nice they give you the option to. Even with the graphics turned down low, my machine runs pretty hot and the AI turns take quite a while- particularly when in forested areas. I do have a two-year old laptop that is middle of the road; so it could be my specs; but possibly some minor optimization issues, as well.For a smaller dev house, I think they did a fantastic job. There is lots to do and fun customization options aplenty. For those wondering how long it takes to finish, I read the devs said 40 hours or so. You'll probably spend a half dozen on top of that, initially, as you figure out the mechanics and what types of build you want for a proper run.I do hope they come out for dlc for this game. It is well made and the viking era is hot right now. I'd recommend this game over some of the other 30-40 dollar games currently on the market. As always, watch some videos on youtube to decide for yourself.If you like a good story-driven point and click rpg set in the viking age, this game is for you."
76561198352905908,Recommended,445190,31505197,Posted: 2 May,all,gunny119,"Loving this game so far.  I am not a hard core gamer, just a guy that plays after work.  It is cool.  Really reminds me of ""Neverwinter Nights"" but, totally modernized.  And I don't mean that as a bad thing.Anyway, if you like Viking stuff, story based strategy, and interactive communication with NPC then you will love this game too."
,Recommended,445190,33446576,Posted: 10 July,all,Vaughan,Conquistador and Viking comparison review:Conquistador is better in:settingViking is better in:Everything else
76561197961004624,Recommended,445190,32053195,Posted: 29 May,all,xXI Goonie IXx,If you like fallout 1 and fallout 2 play style you will love this game... Only downside is if you load up on archers the game is super easy. Awesome game though love having your choices matter during game play. Spent 20 hours playing and learning about abilites and then restarting and playing another 30 hours to beat the game. I def plan on playing again for a different outcome... Worth the money!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,445190,32184789,Posted: 4 June,all,lordaleph,"Enjoying this game a lot! By the way, it has a couple of cool references to the ""Vikings"" documentary and Ragnar Lodrbrok :)SHIELD WALL!!!!!"
76561198049429946,Recommended,445190,32151315,Posted: 3 June,all,superninja76,"Okay, so, I haven't actually played the whole game yet, but so far, I've absolutely loved it. The characters are realistic and interacting with them feels normal, the combat system is great, I like how you can develop your village, and my god, the writing.It's amazing! Even like, the side quests are great.I only have two, small things to complain about. One, the time cap thing needs to be made more noticeable. I only caught it when I was halfway down the thing, if I hadn't I would've had a serious problem.Two. While the graphics are decent, the character creation leaves me a bit wanting. The portraits for the characters are magnificent, but I sometimes like looking at the character models themselves, and you can't really do very much with them, face wise.And that's my review. Definitely get this game. If you have the money, and if you like games like this (or even if you don't!) Get Expeditions: Viking. If you don't, I may stab you."
,Recommended,445190,31969907,Posted: 26 May,all,Erik Warhammer,"Took 4 days to complete my first playthrough. Overall a rather enjoyable and educational experience in my favourite time-period with my favoured subject, Vikings!"
,Recommended,445190,32045907,Posted: 29 May,all,dreadgnat,"While slow paced and buggy, the game had a certain charm to it.  You're a viking setting out to try and save his village by establishing alliances, power, and wealth.Pros:-Excellent writting-The quests are all justified-Combat is fun (assuming you like turn based strategy)-Choices affect numerous aspects of the game.Con:-Slow paced, (the game could have been so much better if they sped up certain aspects of it)-Buggy (But with autosaves, it isnt that big a deal.)-Aspects of the game are unclear"
76561198031624161,Recommended,445190,32210806,Posted: 5 June,all,(YONED!)NZgrumpyCatJared,"i enjoyed Expeditions:Viking , There are quite a bit of choices you can make and different ways to finish quests. I found some of the combat quite challenging ( my main character was a dane axe wielding fighter with high leadership skills) who without a shield got carved up with arrows . With a great viking story to boot!But much like expeditions:conquistador (which i recommended but found a huge amount of game breaking bugs)  i felt the game was only just ready for sale. it was playable but did'nt feel very well polished , some of the large areas had huge loading times , and towards the end main characters who i had already beaten reapeared with no reasoning behind it. The end game was also disapointing as it did'nt explain what any of my fellow characters who i had become attached too had gotten up too.would i recommend this game, yes becouse its still a very good game and i got good value out of it. and i could see myself replying it again."
76561197995257330,Recommended,445190,32043905,Posted: 29 May,all,madh,"Having just beaten the game, I decided this one was definitely worth writing a review for. As a kid I grew up with RPGs of all sorts, and Expeditions: Viking has earned a place amongst my favorites. All in all, Expeditions: Viking was VERY good, with a few simplicities keeping it from being excellent.+ Great story and setting+ Nonlinearity/branching story arches+ Engaging characters+ Fun battle mechanics+ Freedom to play the game as you wish+ Simple but elegant graphics- Too easy even on the hardest setting... I never lost a fight??? One follower died, but I killed him, heh.- Crafting is disappointingly shallow- Some quests kind of boring (talk to quest giver, fight, return item)I'm not sure the basic mechanics were fun enough for me to consider replaying the game to see another side of the story, but maybe..."
,Recommended,445190,31507078,Posted: 2 May,all,Kim Jong Win,"The game has a very good story and the choices you make does affect the game pretty well.As for bugs, I didn't come across any until late game, and while it was severe, I did manage to finish the game in the end. The negative reviews about bugs are blown over, the game is still a good experience"
,Recommended,445190,31471439,Posted: 30 April,all,Patrick,"The developers have put a lot of research into this, so it's almost like historical fiction. So far (10 hours in, just finished constructing my longship) I've had a positive experience with few minor hangups. Mechanically, the skill system is pretty great, but learning skills on the interface is such a hassle since the cost isn't clearly dispayed at a glance. Considering the player returns to this screen again and again, it's a nuisance that adds up. I'd like to see better usability out of the character menu in future patches."
,Recommended,445190,31471495,Posted: 30 April,all,Handrod,"As of now, this game has dropped significantly in steam ratings (89 -> 70% within a day). That's a damn shame. Because this  game truly has the potential to become a masterpiece of an RPG. The story, the historical authenticity, the sandbox, real choices having real impact on how the game unfolds... I could go on. However, there are two huge problems with this game in it's current state:- People are correct in that this game is full of bugs. I personally haven't seen any performance issues or CTDs, but many quests are straight up broken - causing you to use console commands to progress. Right now, I'm stuck in Pictland because I'm greeted with a grey screen everytime I go inside a building in two of the main story quests.- The fixed timeline game mechanic seems unnecessary, and if you don't notice it (the game fails to point it out besides hints in the dialog), you just die. Game over. Again, I had to use a console command to get past this wtf moment. This seems like suicide for replayability.Even with these points, I'm going to recommend this game. It's a work of art. The devs have apologised for the bugs, and they are activley releasing patches every few hours.Wait a few days, then pick this gem up."
76561198024932240,Recommended,445190,33392833,Posted: 8 July,all,fjpeterbuild,guys get this game if ya love vikings its great game story line plot build make repair ya own weapons craft heal ya teammates .i hope ya game dev make some kinda game expansion to me story line was too short and not enough off story content all in all worth every penny. love da olde norse cussing and healing lol will immerse ya.
76561198036745214,Recommended,445190,32965955,Posted: 28 June,all,XPONY2,"A significant improvement from their previous title in everyway although I'm more hooking on Expeditions: Conquistador's soundtrack more than this one, but it's all good.The storytelling has much more meaning and impact than the last game, you could go through every quest by either diplomacy or force. Many characters will have their own personalities which will look after or down on you depending on your actions. As the ruler of the clan you could gather resources for upgrading your village to become more powerful and wealthy to save your village from yourneighbors that wanted your land.The combat is a hex-grid turn-based strategy like last game, but it has more complexity and synergy, I could have my men to kick the enemy down and I could go in to use Deathblow for OTK, or use Feint to waste their attack then I could rush my archer to point-blank them for a guaranteed critical hit. Shieldbearers also block people behind them from projectiles too, but you could use axe to pull their shields to make it become unblockable for a turn. You could knock your enemies out if you wish to let them live, or you can beat them into a pulp if you don't care about their lives.This game also educate me on Norse and Angles' overall religions and history little by little on your journey, if the dev is accurate on this(I mean by).I recommend this game for anyone who played Expeditions: Conquistador before or new people that came in and read this review. I'm looking forward too see more games from the dev, they did very good jobs on this game!"
76561198025804383,Recommended,445190,33915313,Posted: 30 July,all,SoundofSilence,"Great game, excellent cRPG. I thought it was quite an improvement over conquistador, and a step in the right direction. Can't wait for the next one, keep them coming!"
76561197993486477,Recommended,445190,31533489,Posted: 3 May,all,[LLJK] SDuster,"If you like vikings the tv show, turn base rpgs with multiple endings, and base buidlings then you'll probably enjoy this game. Although all of it is basic stuff. Its nearly a perfect viking simulation game."
76561197988572101,Recommended,445190,31567770,Posted: 5 May,all,WARK!,Very good historical RPG i purchased it right at launch and it did have some bugs (Didn't stop this train though lol) but i took a look at the last patch notes and it seems the developers have already taken care of them.
76561198026648960,Not Recommended,445190,31467541,Posted: 30 April,all,SlayerDK,First time I start the game..It crashes...just bought the game so start It up again..play for some hours..It crashes In a loadscreen..I want my money back or ficx the god damn bugs..
,Recommended,445190,31408227,Posted: 27 April,all,Handsome Shaft,"To be honest, I'm a sucker for Viking...anything really. While that can backfire, it definitely hasn't in this case. Solid combat, story, exploration, both RPG and Strategy elements, all mix well into a game backed by a pretty good composer. It reminds me of Pillars (or Tyranny), but historical Viking era. This was 30 dollars that I hadn't planned on spending, but it's definitely not 30 dollars that I regret.EDIT: Even though I really like this game, I realize now that it's so friggin buggy that any prospective buyer should wait a little while. Seriously, the bug situation is gnarly and a game should never be released in this state. (Still fun when you actually CAN play though)"
76561197971000973,Recommended,445190,31892051,Posted: 21 May,all,In_SAN3_FranK,"A really nice squad base rpg story driven , if you like that kind of game and you like the northman/saxon era 706AD ish, that game is for you ! ( Ive loved the gameplay in divinity origin sin and xcom , soo the gameplay in this game is pretty similar and well made )I start playing after the patch 1.02 and i had no bug ( yes it take maybe more time entering Riba the first time just let the map load, its not a bug... )The only thing i didnt have and I would love to have , when i played, was  a battle formation for my squad at the startup. Since most of the fight you initialize, you can move your hirdmens anywhere you want around, its not too much of a problemAlso the ""timer line"" is not at all an issue and its part of the story, it can be an issue if you decide to camp on each of the camp site you see, but I wonder why you would do that ( the occupied one dont even give XP ), there just no point and no fun doing it. And i had the time to do all the quests i was able to have.Now with all the main patch out I recommand this game alot."
76561198053174698,Recommended,445190,31894928,Posted: 21 May,all,Eli,This game is a bit of a throwback in a good way. Engaging storyline. Fun setting. Rewarding tactical combat. I'm told it was very buggy/unstable in the early days however it is performing well for me and I see that it has been getting a great deal of patch love from the developer - That's a good sign. They clearly care about what they are doing and work to improve their product day to day.
,Recommended,445190,31414840,Posted: 28 April,all,Ignis,"A game that is most refreshing and enjoyable to dive into. Wonderful setting and story, nice graphics and extremely pleasant combat system which is also easy to master. The RPG elements like character creation & it's developement, story & writting, NPCs - are resembling the most classic and best examples from the past RPG legends. What is more you also have whole new set of features regarding maintaning your village and your clan. Buy this game and enjoy!"
76561198083086935,Recommended,445190,31508242,Posted: 2 May,all,Cassidius,"Great game. It's been a long time since I've played of this genre and been pleased. Brings me back to my Baldurs Gate days, but with a Viking twist. The lore is fantastic. The gameplay is very fun and challenging. I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,445190,31888527,Posted: 21 May,all,Olligarchy,"Having just finished this game for the first time I'd highly recommend it to all history, role-playing game and especially viking lovers! This game is well worth the price of admission and my appreciation for the fledgling new studio was only heightened when roughly a week ago I met a game ending bug which threatened to ruin my enjoyment of the game. I contacted the customer service via email and within three working days the patch .04 which fixed my issue was released!Thanks for the great game guys, and stay based Jonas. :)"
76561198020500812,Not Recommended,445190,31471102,Posted: 30 April,all,Deadlysmurf,"I love the game and the historuaspect, but there are just to many bugs and crashes. Just lost 7 hours worth of adventuring, which just makes  me not wan´t to play it anymore.When all the bugs are fixed yes, and I´ll maybe look on the game again in a month or two, now I´m just annoyed,"
76561197989733473,Recommended,445190,31527536,Posted: 3 May,all,dner2,"I had been looking forward to expeditions vikings since I saw a video on youtube.And it meets my expectations fully, I like the game.The dilemmas are challenging and I'm maybe halfway through my first play through as a peacefull (as peacefull as a viking gets :D ) trading viking. And I'm allready looking forward to playing as an agressive viking killing everybody in my way :)Vikings offer, for me at least, hours of fun play time. And I think the price is very reasoneble for the hours i expect to log."
76561198010776091,Recommended,445190,31942383,Posted: 24 May,all,Robert Sink,"Very nice old school RPG game, really nice storyline, dialogue, fun turn based combat, beautiful artwork & music.Its like playing around in an artwork. Recomended for pple who like old school RPGs & good written dialogue. Not a very big game in terms of hours but very enjoyable & much replayvalue.+ Writing+ Maturity (a game made for adult audience, compare it to reading a book for adults)+ Artwork+ Music- Not completely balanced upgrade options (Some base upgrades are quite useless compared to others, making half of the base upgrades easy picking: Trading > money, Hides > crafting raw materials, herbs > food)- Not all upgrades are usefull (the blacksmith actually doesn't benifit you if you have crafting maxed out)- Not all options are as usefull, seems diplomatic trader playthrough is not that fleshed out as the pillaging & raiding playthrough: it ends quite before the other playthrough unless you side with one of the 2 factions."
76561197970752705,Recommended,445190,31477839,Posted: 30 April,all,[US] President Obama,"Its part baldurs gate, part turn based combat, part vikings the tv show on history channel. Storyline is good and makes you feel like a viking doing viking quests. Plenty of combat and plenty of choices on how to go about handling situations. Camping is a bit micro-manage-y, but once you figure it out, it doesnt kill the pacing that much.Remember, when you are a viking, you raid things. thats what vikings do!Also: I havent experienced a single bug in 10 hours of gameplay....sooo i wouldnt hesitate purchasing based off the negative reviews saying their game doesnt run. Game runs just fine and nothing seems to be off about the gameplay!"
76561197980847018,Recommended,445190,31439709,Posted: 29 April,all,Vermillion,"From the same team as Expeditions: Conquistador comes their new game about Vikings.This game is somewhat different from Conquistador in that instead of running a small army exploring the new world you are a viking trying to control your domain, gain loyalty from your vassals and build a longship ready to strike out and raid Britain.At the start of the game you make a male or female character, pick your stats and chose what type of character do you want to be.You can be anything from a berserker who just kills everything, to a noble warrior who fights with honour, a gifted leader who uses diplomacy to handle affairs or a witch doctor who uses superstition to defeat your enemies.The game also has a great feature that allows you to aim to kill or knock out. This greatly changes the game as at the start for the 1st time I killed the initial enemies and the story went one way but the 2nd time through I used non-lethal and was given options on how to deal with my enemies. Later on I was given different options and things turned out vastly different from my first attempt at the game.So if you like the time period of vikings, rpgs, tactical games or just want a game that you can replay over and over for different ways through the game then this is the game for you and if you have not had a chance check out Expeditions: Conquistador as well."
,Not Recommended,445190,31904377,Posted: 22 May,all,basic doogle,"Gave up on the game after experiencing a game-breaking bug that stopped me from using the camp entirely. After experiencing a lot of freezes, crashes and bugs coupled with the bad camera controls I wouldn't recommend this game even if you are desperate for another RPG. I also feel like there are a lot of arbitrary decisions when it comes to the quests and missed opportunities to using stats/skills in dialogues.I'd say this game MIGHT be worth it on 80% off but for me it was just a big dissapointment."
76561198007682263,Recommended,445190,31458293,Posted: 30 April,all,Sand3132,"Good game, the only complaint I have is that I wish it was longer!"
,Recommended,445190,31547674,Posted: 4 May,all,Horus,"Lets start with bad things:This game came out terribly buged. There were some gamebreaking bugs that didnt let you not only finish the quest, but the game itself. Crashes, freezes, missing NPCs... you name it, it was present.Some game mechanics right now are not very good, for example archers are VERY OP, the loot basicaly looses any sense since you max out crafting of one of yours followers (can be done while in the prologue) basicaly your follower will craft better weapons and armors than you will EVER loot during the game. So what you craft will stay with you until the end - looting - pointless. I do believe this will be changed in the future like many other design flaws this game has.As for good things:The game itself is exactly what I love about gaming. You can take your own pace while exploring the late 8th century Denmark and what is today northern UK. The timer is present but it is not an issue, if you get a hold of how it works. There is enough time for EVERYTHING, but you shouldnt waste it.The storyline, atmosphere and writing in general is excelent. I do not recall a single boring quest and most of them are non linear so you can finish them with different outcomes in different ways, much like the game itself. Do you want to be a peaceful trader/diplomat? Sure! Do you want to be dreaded and ruthles or honorable viking? You can! You can do all this and improve your homestead at the time.The graphics and music is very good. I often find myself annoyed by ingame music but music in this game is spot on! The graphics are better than in most CPRGs out there.Combat is turn based, if you know Expeditions: Conqustador, its more or less same but with much better animations and more abilities for your characters.Companions are loveable. Each have their own personality and stick to it. Their relations to you are changing due to actions or dialogue options you take during the course of the game. Some are agressive and greedy, others are religious or peaceful. Many must be acounted for.After huge disapointment with Torment: Tides of Numenera, this is the game that really caught me and didnt let me go.When devs clear out the mess after the launch, which was, lets admit it, terrible. This game will really shine and I look forward and pray to Allfather for expansions and DLCs, I wont regret spending money on them."
76561198005769461,Recommended,445190,31747529,Posted: 14 May,all,Flaver13,"This game is so much fun, not only is it easy to read trough all the dioulouge, but the combat and fun storyline keeps in invested in the story all the way trough. You can upgrade your village, take over England and be a real raiding viking. The game is worth the price ^^"
76561198099764070,Recommended,445190,31462765,Posted: 30 April,all,larsh1964,"This really a great game something of a cross between baldurs gate and birthright D&D in a viking setting with great atmosphere and story, RPG as well as small townbuilding just enough and easy enough to be really fun without taking to much focus away from the game.It has some issues like it starts on insane but then I really liked this, made it really tough and still possible to handle.But this you can easily fixif you want it easier. When you come to Brittain there is some serious bugs but they are aware of those and working to fix them soon, The first patch was really fast so I hope that will continue.I for one really love this game and its atmosphere, the only thing I hope they will change is that you should be able to rest in own village in longhouse and in towns on inns for a fee as well and also on your boat for the long tavels not only out in the wilderness!Important! As it is now sometimes the crew is starving befor journey is to long before you can rest.Also I am a bit worried about the timelimit since I like to do all sidequests, I hope this wont spoil the game,here it would be good with a choice of deactivating the timelimit you have in game."
76561197970625686,Recommended,445190,31462777,Posted: 30 April,all,IdleMind,"Game needs further polish, but this company is shaping up to be the next Troika or Black Isle.The combat, dialog, and travel systems show inspired design, and the writing so far is superb.  With a little more love, this game has the potential to be an rpg classic."
76561198027123543,Recommended,445190,31551269,Posted: 4 May,all,Breca,"A gem of a game, a tactical rpg with kindom management elements, and some first class writing. I actually care about the characters in this game as I would in a good novel. ""Vikings"" caught some early bad reviews due to bugs on release. The devs were quick to respond and turn things around. As yet, I've been playing a bug-free experience, and it's been a very enjoyable one at that.Now, to dive back in and continue my thegn's epic journey...For Odin!"
76561198163811384,Recommended,445190,31667760,Posted: 10 May,all,NoviaSol2c,"(Reviewed for version 1.0.2)Vikings on expeditions! Kind of redudant considering what they are, but hey, it works.Basic synopsis: Congratulations, you are now chieftan of potentially the unluckiest clan to ever grace the annals of history.  But before you reach for a drink, your predecessor left a plethora of problems for you to deal with, and your enemies aren't wasting any time taking advantage of this.But fear not! Becoming a rich badass Warband style is a perfectly acceptable way of reversing this spiral of doom, just be aware that your enemies know this too.  This is arguably the most critical point to make, some folks complain loudly about the time limits, yes limits - they are completely seperate.But seriously, would you take a villian that sits around waiting for you seriously? I thought not.Now, it's worth mentioning at the time of this review, this game is currently somewhat buggy and sometimes the AI is a bit derpy too.  To offset this, as long as you aren't short of patience, and the RNG favours you, no situation in this game is by no means unwinnable.  Well, unless you fight on the hardest difficulty, but that's a feature!Overall, I'd say the fine folks of Logic Artists have done a decent job with this game, not perfect but full of potential.It is not recommended for those short of patience or tactical/strategical foresight.  If you don't fear a challenge on those fronts however; especially whenever the AI gets first turn, then this is a decent game worthy of one's time in Valhalla.Now sail forth and explode some loot barrels! No seriously, that's a thing.Edit: Someday I will never have to fix sentences.Edit2: Remember that time limit? Yeah, appears they're doing something about that. :P"
,Recommended,445190,31614173,Posted: 7 May,all,ZDreamer,Excellent tactical RPG with enjoyable and well-written story. It also has a very nice atmosphere of early middle ages.
,Recommended,445190,31573028,Posted: 5 May,all,tony_the_tigga,game is great minus the bugs. review before purchase.
,Recommended,445190,31463046,Posted: 30 April,all,the legendary neuts,"Although I decided to recommend the game, as of today (30/04/17), it's difficult to do so to anyone but dedicated fans of the Western RPG genre, turn-based strategy combat, and historically immersive narratives. Expeditions: Viking is currently riddled with several major bugs that make crucial story quests impossible to complete or produce crashes. However, from my experience on the Steam discussion boards, the developers are seriously working to fix those bugs, and I have confidence that, soon enough, the game will be in a presentable state. If you're reading this close to the date of this review and aren't deeply interested in the game's premise, I'd recommend placing it on your wishlist and waiting for a week or two.E:V begins with a simple but compelling premise: you're a newly-anointed Thegn (Thane) of a small Danish clan, holding a feast in the honor of your late father, a Viking who did not return from his last expedition to the British Isles. Unfortunately, although your father was a great warrior, he was not the greatest of administators, and your clan's power is none the better for his reign. Events that occur during the feast quickly make it clear that your bigger, stronger neighbors wish to subjugate your clan, and lacking support at home, you and your entourage decide that your best bet is to follow in your father's footsteps and seek alliances, trade or plunder in the British Isles (you may choose which of the three to pursue). The first leg of the campaign occurs in Denmark, where you're tasked with building a longship that will ferry you to the Isles, hiring a crew for it, and amassing a bit of wealth to trade with.Dialogue and NPC interaction should be familiar to you if you've played recent Western RPGs such as Pillars of Eternity, the Shadowrun Returns series, or Divinity: Original Sin. Dialogue progresses via responses selected by the player, with more advantageous responses (such as convincing someone of something, detecting hidden tells, or quickly ambushing someone) requiring certain stats or skills -- for example, a high diplomacy skill might convince someone to give you a better price for a service, while a high Sense stat might help you bluff your way out of a combat situation.The game's combat mechanics are... serviceable, if in my opinion completely unbalanced. E:V plays by a turn-based system where every member of a team gets to act on their team's turn (as opposed to a system like Divinity: Original Sin's where turn order is determined by an attribute like Initiative), which grants a major advantage to the team that gets to act first in a battle. This is usually you, but some ambush scenarios let the enemy act first, and you will seriously feel the difficulty spike in these battles. If you're experienced with strategy games, I strongly recommend setting the difficulty to High (or perhaps even Insane) in order to get a challenge out of the battles. The lack of balance extends to class builds, too, with shield-using characters and archers dominating the field over everything else. The overwhelming power of archers -- who can easily kill squishy characters in one round, from across the map -- makes it seriously hard to recommend character builds that aren't either archers themselves or equipped with a shield, which is the only way for a character to adequately survive archers. Combining the team-turn-based nature of the game systems with the overwhelming power of archers makes for an unsatisfying experience: when you get the first turn, your archers will likely kill off half of the enemy force before they get a chance to act. When the enemy gets the first turn, their archers might take out some of your characters before you get a chance to do anything about it, but because enemy archers aren't optimally levelled, they won't have perfect hit rates, and there will be strong RNG influence on the outcome of the fight. If the developers choose to tweak the combat balance, they should certainly start by reducing the power of archers. They may also choose to copy the way the Shadowrun Returns series handled the issue, by having the enemy start first in most fights, but only allowing them to move into cover on their first turn.Finally, E:V has a couple more nagging issues. Loading times are extremely high (larger maps can take up to 15 seconds to load on a SSD), you're not allowed to re-arrange the order in which your characters appear in the party selection screen and the camping screen, and as far as I can figure, the initial placement of your party on the combat board appears to be somewhat random, creating annoying situations like your frontline being stuck in a corner behind your archers, or your support characters beginning a fight right next to a blood-thirsty berserker.Still, the game is carried by its strong plot and setting, and fans of turn-based strategy and party customization will feel right at home despite the clear imbalance of the combat mechanics. I've had a lot of fun with E:V, and I recommend it to fellow fans of the genre."
,Recommended,445190,31481629,Posted: 1 May,all,fx,A hidden gem! It's like an indie remix of Baldurs Gate. Definite recommendation!
,Recommended,445190,31570116,Posted: 5 May,all,Fairemont,"Game is pretty good. Has a great story, which is its most prominent feature.Good main story with a number of ways to influence the way that things pan out and plenty of side quests to keep you going.The characters are interesting to some degree. The party members get less development than a lot of the major non-party NPCs, which could have been a point to improve. Only two party characters get really any story and development.Combat is pretty good. Lots of diverse ways to build characters, and while archers tend to be able to butcher anything without shields, you'll find that some of the other capabilities provided by other builds can be handy, too, though shields and bows are still best overall.The game suffers from a few bugs here and there, but nothing that just restating the game won't fix, then you can progress. So, if you are impatient about things like that, then wait a bit, if you are like me and don't really care, then its a good game to get and enjoy."
76561198110850103,Not Recommended,445190,31669328,Posted: 10 May,all,Darth_Shepard,"Basically, this is a good game, but bugs and the bad balance ruined game experience. Lots of quest cannot be trigger of just broken without reason. And it crashed too much for a formally released game.  If these problems get solved, it could be a great game."
76561198016715450,Recommended,445190,31620359,Posted: 8 May,all,Orgomon,"It's a great game, though quite buggy atm. Used to crash every 10-15 minutes on my  laptop, but the latest patch fixed it. The dev really keep working on the product.Graphics is really nice, great attention to details, good humor and the game itself is interesting.The biggest drawback is the time limit, hopefully it will become optional in later patches. Camera has an unusual angle, but you get used to it pretty fast.Good job!"
76561198031377912,Recommended,445190,31595555,Posted: 6 May,all,brett,Awesome game
76561198039911705,Recommended,445190,31487884,Posted: 1 May,all,omega13ful,Pros: The combat feels really good.There's lots of freedom on how to resolve the storyCons: Combat can feels really rng (if you enjoy Xcom it should be fine)bugs though the devs have been really good about responding to them.Some quests feels opaque and lack explainationIt's really fun. As of writing I've 43 hours already and finished two play throughs.Once the bugs get sorted out it will be a great game.
76561198032623014,Recommended,445190,31489474,Posted: 1 May,all,sonofanu,"Very solid game, builds on some of the good mechanics from Conquistador and adds some new twists. At times has a cRPG feel to it that it pulls off fairly well, without trying to be Baldur's Gate.Characters have good personality, the turn-based combat is fairly well done, and the setting and lore is very well fleshed out. Probably the most true to life Norse setting I've seen in a game.It starts a bit slow, and you might feel a little underwhelmed at first. After a couple of hours the game really starts to open up as you get to understand more mechanics like camping and crafting.Interfaces and design are not this dev team's strong point, but that's ok. Once you figure out where all the buttons are you'll be focused on the excellent gameplay and story."
,Recommended,445190,31494889,Posted: 1 May,all,Loutall,"I don't usually write reviews but I did an exception for seeing the poor reception of it. To sum it up rapidly, it is a mix between Heroes of might and magic combat and rpg of baldurs gate.  You can react to all situation with multiple answer, from aggressive to weak and cold. You bring you clan from a footnote to a power in  a medieval setting and ài have to raise my hat tto the dev. It's been a long time since a game has drawn me back this much."
,Recommended,445190,31497902,Posted: 1 May,all,[KD] Korean Jesus,"It's a good game with quite a bit of content with an interesting story.It does have a timer system which I've seen some people complain about but there is more than enough time to get through the games phases before hitting it.The interface isn't as clear as it should be - for example, the timeline isn't clear that you will lose the game if it hits that point (I initially expected it to prompt me that time was up and we had to go)However if you bear with the game, it will provide an interesting and enjoyable experience.Unfortunately there are more than a few bugs with quests not triggering correctly and this means you need to open the debug console to progress them.BUTThe developers are highly responsive on the forums and have been releasing hotfixes very quickly as well as the required console command if they haven't fixed it yet.It's refreshing to see a developer care about their game, treat their customers well with open communication and spend the time to help them continue their playthroughs.I'll be tempted to checkout the original Expeditions based on this :)"
76561198006586073,Recommended,445190,31476887,Posted: 30 April,all,WARBOSS,"Great game so far.I LOVED the criminaly underrated Conquistadors, so was eagerly awaiting this.This one so far is even better, it has more of an rpg style like Shadowrun but it's still heavily sandbox, and you still have many options on how to deal with anything.The only problem is the bugs, but since it's a new game and not an AAA title, it's understandable that it has some.If you like rpgs, sandboxes, strategy games , history and of corse the tv series vikings, you'll love thi game.9/10."
76561198001025044,Recommended,445190,32168722,Posted: 3 June,all,Kailen_,"One of the best RPGs I have played in a long long time, and I have tried some of the newer ones that try to be old school. Most of the side quests actually have meaning and the few I've found that were shallow were at least quick and to the point. Amazing sound track as well. There are some bugs still but so far nothing major a driver update did'nt fix.It does still feel like it has'nt been optimized yet but I also read its made in unity which almost always has those issues.Is it perfect? no not by a long shot but what it offers is rare and very enjoyable."
76561198244365932,Recommended,445190,32217702,Posted: 6 June,all,kushal.4122,Game wont load fight to foil alliance. Please pdate. Love the game!
76561198059383575,Not Recommended,445190,31537892,Posted: 4 May,all,Kealoz,"Ok I've waited to beat the game before reviewing (unlike some) and this review isn't about bugs because they can be and will be fixed overtime, this review is about the content itself.Let's start off by saying I loved Expeditions Conquistador and the idea of marrying the mechanics to a more hands-on RPG style thrilled me to no end. We start out great, of course you know this is the first hours of the game so it's alot more polished and rounded out with decent content levels. Then we get our boat and sail across the sea, still going strong as we land on foreign shores. Still great, some great options here and it's fun actually being IN the game as opposed to some phantom spirit commander.You spend a few more hours chunking through content and then suddenly it hits you like a wall. What seemed like engaging companion NPCs turn very dry and shallow, only the romanceable ones having in camp events to add to their personalities and even then only 2 or 3 at most then it's blank nothingness from there on out. Even the NPCs in Conquistador had more personality and their events were random and based on their traits! I mean hell not just your party in camp and traveling events are scarce, ALL events are scarce.All those fun little things you could just trip over in Conquistador? Gone. The large highly detailed map? Gone. The feel of adventure and actually being on an expedition to a foreign land? Gone. Still combat is challenging and fun (although the enemy goes first too often for my taste), the plot has strength that is wasted in the final act and upgrading your village does little more than just increase some stats and maybe give you some negligable resources here and there.The music is SUPERB but does little to help obviously rushed and anti-climactic final battles. There is very little reasons to choose Northumbria over the Picts or just conquering both (seriously screw those judgey genocidal Christians who keep calling me a savage heathen barbarian while they slaughter everyone). I won't go into anymore direct spoilers than that but from the 30-50% marker and then on feels rushed.For it's price I'd say it's a worthy diversion but honestly unless they start adding to it it's very rough gem that feels more like it belongs in early access. If I could give a thumbs sideways I would because it has alot of promise, a fascinating premise and concept but just poor execution in the second half.All in all I hope Logic Artists reads the criticisms aimed at not the bugs like most of the reviews, but the content and gets onto polishing the real stuff.5/10Advice to Logic Artists: Romanceable Aife (seriously everyone is asking for it), More events to each party member and more events in general."
76561197970639758,Recommended,445190,32133865,Posted: 2 June,all,landaburgess,A great game and great old school RPG similar to Fallout or Balders Gate! Especially for a small development house. Refreshing ideas and interactions and smartly written.
76561198009013424,Not Recommended,445190,31647952,Posted: 9 May,all,Kristofor,"Sigh. I want to love this game. It's got so much going for it; immersive story, exploration, adventure. A quality strategy role playing Viking experience!I don't think I've played a game in a long time with as many bugs and crashes..Heard of a lot of broken quests too.. Just sloppy.. Not polished enough to recommend."
76561198004366297,Recommended,445190,31922440,Posted: 23 May,all,baldielocks,"Played totally through. all misions done, no bugs, just one slow load in to a battle. Game great fun and have enjoyed it fully, only one comment if you rpg / turn based combat, play it on hard. Money well spent and will be playing through again with another type of character and game choices along the way. TOP BANANA of a game"
76561198082487763,Recommended,445190,33695805,Posted: 21 July,all,Cepsis,Excellent game! Very immersive. I haven't had this much fun with an RPG in along time.
,Recommended,445190,31971201,Posted: 26 May,all,Kaizen,"A very fun game! You get to improve the village, has RPG stats that matter and turn-based combat (think XCom). Choices in who you help matter in both options, communication and quests. You can choose a diplomatic, trade or combat related  play-style, which usually translates to a combination thereof.It has it's faults and simple things like only being able tohelp urchins if you kill or exile in the beginning of the gameare a tad sought...( why not have the urchins join the women if you allowed them to remain?Or since they had parents that lost their lives for the hamlet, have their leader allot them a place to live? Again, just an example - most of the story is excellent.Well worth the money in my mind!"
76561198180064657,Recommended,445190,33702310,Posted: 21 July,all,WraithmanX2,Pretty amazing game cruel bloody and real in many moments. It is really worth to get it in your collection.
76561198006585437,Recommended,445190,31936802,Posted: 24 May,all,mirko.blagojevic,"Beautiful game - I hope that the map and expedition will be expanded on the whole Europe - Normans rule spread on Sicily, France, Britain..."
76561198007978799,Recommended,445190,32112378,Posted: 1 June,all,Xenogeist,"I was a fan of Expeditions: Conquistador and am quite happy with the Vikings story line!  The game is a bit buggy, but nothing game breaking."
,Recommended,445190,32154539,Posted: 3 June,all,Elara2 ex machina,"Expeditions: Vikings is an annoying game, but one you can stick around for. If you like a nicely written story with likeable characters with their own interests and needs, this may be the game for you.I'll start with the cons, since I think they need to be clear before you start:1. Right now, this game is buggy. As in Ubisoft new release buggy. The game seems to cripple itself while processing what's going on. If the game seems to stop responding (as in you get the notification window), just click x and wait. It'll load.2. The rules aren't always clear, and I've played both of these Expedition games: The biggest issue I have is LOS. sometimes, it seems like there's literally nothing in the way, or the cover should be made unusable by a factor. It's not big enough a deal to make the game unenjoyable, but it's worth noting.3. The first three hours are overwhelming. Again. I played the other game, and I felt this both times. You're thrust into a miriad of skills where you simply don't know the value of anything. There are guides to overcome this, and it gets easier, but you've been warned.4. This game is prone to dominant strategy, and you end up relying heavily on archers to get your work done. You don't - have - to, but it is much more effective.5. loading screens. All the time. Even for things that don't seem like they need loading screens. And the game crashes on loading screens.Now, I'll stop being a debbie downer - here's the good stuff. Remember, I'm recommending this game so in my opinion, I think these pros outweigh those cons:1. The characters are actually really, really likeable. You will fall in love with Ketill, and you'll really appreciate Gunnarr. Guy's a bro, I swear. You even kinda get where the villain is coming from.2. The campaign gameplay is interesting and fun. Travelling the maps feels cool! There's lots to do on each map and there are a lot of details on each map.3. When the map is clear, the combat is entertaining. Think of it like turn based resource management - it's good stuff.4. Story seems to be within reach, and you really can do what you want. Don't wanna kill anyone? Don't. wanna be a trader? Be a trader? Wanna be an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥? They have an achievement for that. Only people you need to answer to is your crew, and it's not hard to get them to like you if you're not a♥♥♥♥♥♥Again, this game is very solid. I'll give it a true 8/10. It's fun enough to keep my interest for forty hours (a hundred over the series), if you let it you'll enjoy it too."
76561197975760250,Recommended,445190,31482054,Posted: 1 May,all,Jinn,"Game certainly does have quite a lot of bugs, but this seems like a release out of necessity, not laziness or ambivalence. I would urge those interested in checking it out after a few more patches come out, but I would hardly give this a negative review. There is too much good fun here to abandon because of some bugs, though I may have to put my playthrough on hold until a few things are adressed.Just wanted to leave a temporary positive review here to show the devs my support and let people know there is a great game here. It's just currently slightly obscured by an unfortunate release. The developers are working diligently to remedy this and I'm sure they'll have it patched up nicely in a week or two."
76561198006562221,Recommended,445190,34056663,Posted: 6 August,all,nor-87,Totaly recommended.
76561197983298373,Not Recommended,445190,31491977,Posted: 1 May,all,Siebenseele,"A few words before the main review:I love everything about vikings and was following this game and wanted to play it for weeks now. Now I REALLY regret buying it, at least at this incomplete and bug-ridden stage.I installed it on April 30 in the evening, not only 24 hours later, I have to write this from my laptop since my desktop crashed hard, nothing else to do than to cut the power...no my graphics-card (an older but ...up to Expeditions: Viking ... fine working GTX 670) crashed and is probably broken...Besides this technical issue I did not play long enough to really have deep insights into the game. However, what really made me angry is what so many other players are reporting: asbolutely no chance to move around in formations...AND always the enemies have the first turn:The attack on the village early on, North and South defended, only the meadhall left. Gunnar and his two hirdmen are not aware of us, I choose to directly attack since both his companions have their hands full with treasure, OUR treasure...and YET they have the first turn in the fight???Come on, no way.Despite of that, I think this game has a high potential to be a very detail-loving game with a good story, except that also the time limit on the campaign map should be removed..."
76561198026804465,Recommended,445190,31467901,Posted: 30 April,all,adriankowaty,"English Version:Expedition: Viking is game from mixed genre. It tells about people from small settlement in Danemark, Skjen, following their story with elements of sandbox (you can choose whatever you want to do, but have to face consequences of that), turn-based tactical battle game ( in fights), aswell as resource management and survival game (encampments, developing your homestad).There is tendency in reviews to blame this game due to it's bugs. Sure, it's bugged due to early stage of development, but developing studio is working hard on fixing it. Also, considering limited resources, which devs have, the bugs were unavoidable. The developers, as I've stated earlier, are working on bugfixing heavily and are honest and helpful towards players and potential customers. It doesn't mean that you aren't sometimes stuck due to gamebreaking bugs however.I personally have to reinstall this game each time I close it, due to loading saves' freezing.The story is dependent on your decisions in all means. You can choose if you're peaceful diplomat and trader or, in opposite, fearful raider burning everything to the ground and leaving only corpses behind. Later in game you can choose to side with one faction or their antagonists or became neutral. I don't want to spoiler anything, but both routes (and their mixes) are deepely written, meaning that you'll spend plenty of time just on one of them. My current playroute is my first and you can see, how much time it took me to just play half of it.On history matters, everything is good designed - names, enviroment, people, weapons, culture and society. However I wouldn't personally recomend this game for intolerant people - you'll often find women warriors here and basically the game is gender neutral, as supposed to be. You can even find a homosexual love, as I've found in game files. On the other hand, each character and quest was made with hardwork, as I haven't noticed typical filling stuff like random monster encounters nor noname people saying ""bring me x, kill y, and I will give you z"". Each quest has also alternative endings, depending on your character skills and traits.Grafics are decent even on lowest settings, but it's personal fillings, so won't tell much about that.Summarizing, it's a good game, which I can honestly recommend. But not for everyone. If you want an AAA game without bugs or flaws, as well as partriarchary society game and don't want to read much, this game will disappoint you. However, if you like good story, can tolerate some flaws and bugs, can accept and tolerate ""liberal"" feeling on this game (as supposed due to creators living in liberal - in society means - country) with historical context, I can really recommend this game to you.Polska wersja:Expedition: Vikings jest grą łączącą różne typy gier. Opowiada o losach mieszkańców małej duńskiej wioski, Skjen, łącząc to z elementami gry otwartej (gdzie podejmujesz decyzje i ponosisz ich konsekwencje), turowej strategii bitewnej (w walkach) i strategii zarządzania zasobami i przetrwania (obozowiska, rozwój własnej osady).Wśród recenzji jest tendencja do krytyki tej gry za jej błędy techniczne. Nie mogę zaprzeczyć, gra jest pełna błędów, jednak twórcy pracują nad ich usunięciem cały czas, a z uwagi na ograniczony budżet należało się liczyć z ich obecnością. Sami twórcy są wyjątkowo uczciwi i pomocni dla graczy i klientów, i jak napisałem wcześniej, cały czas czyszczą grę z błędów. Nie oznacza to jednak, że są one rzadkie. Osobiście muszę reinstalować grę za każdym razem po wyłączeniu, z uwagi na błąd z ładowaniem się zapisów.Historia opiera się w całości na decyzjach gracza. To on decyduje, czy chce być dyplomatą i kupcem, czy przeciwnie - krwiożerczym łupieżcą, palącym wszystko do szczętu i pozostawiającym za sobą tylko trupy. W miarę rozwoju sytuacji dochodzisz do momentu, w którym możesz wybierać między zawarciem sojuszu to z jedną, to z drugą frakcją, jak i prowadzeniu działań na własną rękę. Odchodząc na bok od spoilerów, pozwolę sobie stwierdzić, że każda z tych dróg (lub ich mieszanek) jest dokładnie opisana, pozwalając na długotrwałą rozgrywkę. Możecie to zobaczyć po moim czasie gry, który został spędzony tylko na jednej rozgrywce, do tego ukończonej w połowie dopiero.Historyczność gry jest dobrze opracowana - tak nazwy, środowisko, ludzie, broń, kultura i społeczeństwo. Nie polecałbym jednak tej gry dla konserwatystów obyczajowych - można tu znaleźć zarówno kobiety-wojowniczki, jak i nawet miłość homoseksualną. Z drugiej strony, każda postać, zadanie i jej historia jest dokładnie rozpisane i ma alternatywne ścieżki końcowe, zależne od umiejętności i cech postaci gracza. Nie znajdziesz tu też typowych zapychaczy w rodzaju losowo generowanych potworów czy nijakich ludzi mówiących ""zabij to i to, przynieś to i to, a ja dam ci to i to"".Grafika jest w porządku nawet na najniższych ustawieniach, ale to odczucie osobiste, więc nie będę się nad tym długo rozpisywał.Polskie tłumaczenie też jest dobrze napisane i zachowuje klimat rozgrywki.Podsumowując, jest to dobra gra, którą mogę szczerze polecić. Ale nie każdemu. Jeśli szukasz wysokobudżetowego, wolnego od błędów dzieła typu AAA, a także oczekujesz, że wszystko będzie się toczyć wg ""tradycyjnych reguł"" i stereotypowego wyobrażenia Skandynawów i nie lubisz dużo czytać, obawiam się, że ta gra Cię rozczaruje. Jeśli jednak lubisz dobrą historię, zarówno w sensie literackim, jak i stricte historycznym, a także jesteś tolerancyjny, zarówno wobec wizji gry (która powstała w Danii, w społeczeństwie bardziej liberalnym obyczajowo niż w Polsce) jak i jej niedociągnięć, jestem pewny, że ta gra ci się spodoba."
76561198059187128,Recommended,445190,31468036,Posted: 30 April,all,Mr. Caids,"When I first sawReformistplay the early release of this game I was instantly hooked. The game looked interesting, and had a rich story to tell. When it released I instantly picked it up and started configuring the settings. Fair warning if your computer is around three years old or older you’re going to want to shoot for the lowest graphics level, but it looks good so don’t worry. When I started gameplay, fps was still low at 9fps (steam count) but the game was not unplayable in my opinion. The story is rich but Expedition is one of those games that feels like the story will end far too fast but that may just be me. Some of the game mechanics are a bit difficult to understand at times and the tutorials do an “ok” job of explaining the general idea of what the mechanics are. If your long time Turn based strategy player or RPG player these mechanics shouldn’t be any different than other games you would have played. Now as the game progressed the story continued to strive past my expectations and continued to get richer, sadly 16 hours into game over the span of Three days came to an end when I had reached England and found that the game was crashing, due to a missing location, and enemies falling through the world from time to time. (once every 7 hours or so.) This game may have left its beta and it was ready to leave beta, but there are still a few bugs to be sorted out which I have confidence the developers are working on. Over all the game is worth the price, and I’m sure the bugs will be fixed soon."
76561198061586399,Recommended,445190,34074849,Posted: 6 August,all,SpandexBandit,"'Expeditions: Viking' is a fun and reasonably well polished game.  The strategy elements are hit and miss as they're definitely a factor in the gameplay and they're not too complicated, but with their simplicity and the general ease at which you can mop the floor with every opponent, they begin to feel repetitive and boring.  This would be my only real criticism of the game.  I didn't complete the story of this title because none of the battles are particularly challenging.  Most are mind-numblingly easy.  A three stage boss fight isn't challenging and exhilarating so much as it is a minor inconvenience blocking showing your progression.  For me, this made the game too boring to continue paying, despite the decent plot it follows.  For others, it may well still be very enjoyable.$30 isn't an unfair price, but it is pushing the upper limits.  I'd suggest waiting for a sale."
76561198034304591,Recommended,445190,33872063,Posted: 28 July,all,nikcha1313,"Great game! It has better RPG system then the previous part. It has good tactical part. It has nice stronghold building partand craft system (would like more, thou). It has interesting story with meaningfull choices, not always easy ones. Plus wonderful art and soundtrack.But the most important part for me was Lore. It has been awhile since i have seen a game with such love to the history of this period. Yes, it is not perfect, but longhouses and settlements looks like real ones, not like from some comics or fantasy novels♥♥♥♥♥♥ Weapons and armor are proper to this period. Characters interaction is rather deep. And there is a great option of playing in English but with proper Scandinavian names (my special thanks to creators for this option).I recomend it to the fans of tactical turn based games, RPGs (many ways to create and play your character), and especially to history geeks (it could have been better, but it is the best one from the recent games)!"
76561198055144615,Recommended,445190,33567088,Posted: 15 July,all,Nefritová liška,Excelent game with great themed music and very nice story.  One of best games for long time.
76561198012637469,Recommended,445190,31868059,Posted: 20 May,all,Isegrimm,"A grand story about loyalty and conquering the world, nicely told. Plus solid game-mechanics and tactical combat, relentlessly patched and well supported beyond release. A winner!"
76561198005536403,Recommended,445190,31673676,Posted: 10 May,all,mikzephyr998,"Loved it, don't usually go for  turnbased combat (think 10 years is enough time for developers to make a  better approach) but this was great very immersive, only realy criticism is that its too short."
76561198337740264,Recommended,445190,31508668,Posted: 2 May,all,Dirk Gently,"The setting: If you look away from the technical part of character builds and magic, the setting seems fairly authentic. This games' rendition of the Viking age will please all but the most picky of historians. To make the game function, there has to be  sacrifices made to give players variety and tactical options in terms of team (Hird) building.Character creation & character related: Visually the options that are there are nice but, perhaps, a bit lacklustre for those who truly appreciate and value games that allow you to customize your avatar visually. I must emphasize that what's there looks great but the choices are quite few. I personally think that getting custom portraits to work will help a great deal. Visual changes when changing armor and helmets are just fantastic compared to similar games, this put a huge smile on my face as I truly value these details.Stats and abilities are satisfactory, it allows for a strategic build and, obviously, some strategies work better than others. Like always, easier difficulty allows for less min-maxed builds but the system generally expects you to focus in the attribute (strength, agility etc.) department. Attributes then sets your character on a logical course for which abilities are suitable for you.The recruitable (Hird) characters can get a bit tiresome to build, as they have as many choices that the player has. Luckily (or not) they come with different abilities already set so their build is largely already premade. You just have to pick which part of the build you want to emphasize. I'd be happy with a narrower scope on the Hird members but I can totally see plenty of reason to disagree with me on that.Combat: The combat is turn based and focuses on team strategy. It's encouraged to use characters (builds) that complement each other as the combat is quite hard on normal settings (and above). It allows for careful planning but you'll also face hardship because your attacks can miss (obviously) and put you at a huge disadvantage when you're too bold. Some abilities are, pehaps, a bit stupid in terms of realism, though. I'm not particularly talking about magic, but the ability to sit down and fully fix your shield while being surrounded by enemies which even does not result in attacks of opportunity. It does serve an important role for tanks, but I wish they figured a better way to balance out the shield that didn't look and feel so stupid.The story: I haven't completed it yet, and I want to keep this review spoiler free, so the only thing I'd like to say is that it looks really promising. It certainly isn't bad and I read enough books to shun a bad story.Feminism: I must admit that there seems to me that there are some level of feminism/leftism in the game. It's not at a point where I simply discard the game, however, and I admit that I am very wary of that kind of crap in games of late. Why feminism/leftism? Well, there are parts of the dialogue that gives you the option to tell someone to toughen up or be overly understanding of man's lack of manlyhood, for example. The way those parts are written just smells a mile off. I obviously picked ""the wrong"" choice on purpose (toughen up) and the result was unsurprising. It's not entirely Siege of Dragonspear as the characters doesn't smell gender dysphoria a mile off but the game does offer homosexual romance options, which for some people is a good thing. I'm OK with it as long as I'm not being force fed leftist morale in every friggin encounter and thankfully Expeditions: Viking doesn't go that far. The game is also full of overly butch females who kick some serious butt, which most definitely isn't historically correct at all, but from a fantasy stand point it's OK. My personal opinion on the matter is that I don't think PK has any place in story telling but if it has to be there, this is a decent way to do it. Sex, gender and love doesn't seem to take precedence over the main story in any way and for the most part it seems tolerable.Conclusion: It is a very pleasant gaming experience and fans of RPG and turn based strategy should really pick up this title. Those who played Expeditions: Conquistador will probably recognize a few similarities. I personally found it easier to get immersed in this game, but I also loved Conquistador in many ways. The game also reminds me a bit of Viking Conquest (M&B-Warband) but with the obvious differences in terms of gameplay. Viking games seems to have caught wind lately, and that's really good. Expeditions: Viking puts a huge smile on my face and it's really satisfying to roleplay a Viking. Compared to other viking games released last few years, this one has to be the best experience. I recommend it wholeheartedly!PS. Probably not the most detailed review but I wanted it to be short and accessible."
76561198006646836,Recommended,445190,31557838,Posted: 5 May,all,Ritewood,If you are a fan of turn based games i highly recommend this.
76561198106681475,Not Recommended,445190,31709745,Posted: 12 May,all,rkonnertz,"Unfortuantly a clear ""don't buy it (now)"" from my side. The game looks very fine, and everyone who played Expeditions: Conquistador should love this one. BUT the product sold here is in a very early beta stage. I know that game companies do publish their games when they are still pested with bugs and some serious game-play issues (such as the early Rome2 TW) in order to start earning money with the product. However, Expeditions: Viking takes that to a new level:- There are tons of game breaking bugs that require you to start the game over and over again until you know the text passages of the first quests by heart.- The campaign map obviously wasn't finished, so you have to deal with a 2D map 1990s style including fixed campsites and no way to tell how far could you go for a day. No more looting on the road, as in Conquistadors- A zoom-out level is missing that let you keep an overview in combat or when exploring the quest maps. There also is no way to control scroll speed which is ways too fast.- AI seems to be broken insofar that processing during AI turns takes nearly forever. The AI also is as dump as hell.- Clicking on objects or NPCs already was a problem in Conquistadors. Here it becomes a nightmare because clicking a NPC makes your character walk over to him until both figures overlap.- Characters run bizzar circles, it seems along the edges of invisible hex-fields, when being ordered to move- and so onThe bugfixes don't seem to really do a thing. For example, after the last update my game already crashes after the second fight. Before that I at least was able to make it to Ripe, which seemed to have crashed for nearly everyone, so no way telling there were 100 beta-testers that played the game through.Button line, may be this will become a fine game at the some point in the future, and if the developers manage to fix it - because so far they didn't. Until then it absolutly not is worth your money."
76561197990653398,Recommended,445190,33533536,Posted: 14 July,all,Cosmin,One of the best games I played this year. Feels a bit short. Please make an expansion.
76561198138300989,Recommended,445190,33548212,Posted: 14 July,all,maegren,"Yara Greyjoy simulator. Reave, cheat, and screw your way to power. And watch out for your weird brother. 10/10 will play again"
76561197968116408,Recommended,445190,31422799,Posted: 28 April,all,Fishook,"As somebody who only briefly played Expeditions: Conquistidor mainly to me having very little interest in the setting, so I  freely admit I could'nt fully get into it. Even after a few hours of Vikings they have taken a good premise and enhanced the game IMO, It gone more down a CRPG route this time. With a more structured start giving and better basics to be attached to the characters.Its has got a few bugs and glitches but that to be expected by a Indie title. I am sure it will be patched fairly soon. I am looking forward to playing it more"
76561197969687669,Recommended,445190,31426810,Posted: 28 April,all,Scelous,"I was worried how this game was going to turn out, in part because I never beat Expeditions: Conquistador because I started getting bored with it.  I was also worried about shills for this game posting positive reviews.So far, though, it’s pretty damn good.  It’s not perfect – the camping is a bit complicated and there needs to be a speed-up button for combat.  But overall, I’d recommend it, especially if you enjoyed Conquistador at all."
76561197970580312,Recommended,445190,31419637,Posted: 28 April,all,Andrew,"I'm really enjoying this game.I played Expeditions: Conquistador and thought it was unique, so I decided to give this title a chance and I see tremendous improvements.I have to say I like this title more. They have really expanded on character creation, freedom, combat and perhaps more. The storyline is equally as interesting as Conquistadors. The setting is especially gratifying for me due to my own geneaology."
,Recommended,445190,31426750,Posted: 28 April,all,MrPaper,"Logic Artists have made a great game here. Improving upon their success with Expiditions Conquistador, they have crafted a wonderful story and given the player powerful agency to accomplish the tasks set before him. You typically have at minimal four different options to take when approaching a quest. This variation of choice is something that I have been yearning for a long time. The combat is fun and the mechanics are interesting and not too difficult to understand. The sound design is masterful, from the musical scores to the crunching of fall leaves beneath a characters feet as he walks along the game world. Everything is so well made I dare say this is Logic Artists' masterpiece. I hope you all buy this game so that we can see what more the developers have in store."
76561197983301351,Recommended,445190,31401694,Posted: 27 April,all,Skoll,"Probably one of the most fun and engaging small party tactical RPGs I've played in years. While this review is coming off the heels of only having layed the beta version ( which was essentially 2/3rds of the entire game ), I can say that this game was well worth a buy.It feels painstakingly researched to give you what is the most probable authentic feel of coming into power as a Viking age chief / thane. Right from the beginning you are free to choose how you expand your village into a kingdom and how it prospers via traditional raiding or trade and negotiation. I thought the gameplay was very easy to catch on, you can customize your player character visually and his/her stats, as well as the stats of any of your party members. The graphics were very pretty and visually everything LOOKED right. My only gripe comes down to how formulaic combat was, but since this was only a beta version where the devs were taking constant feedback, I feel it will be more finetuned, fun, and tactically rewarding on release.Overall Expeditions : Viking is an easy A and first day purchase for me."
,Recommended,445190,35090088,Posted: 20 September,all,Moptopgames,"https://youtu.be/0KGmEV84xjwThe first thing I want to say is that this was a very enjoyable game and I’m surprised to see that more people didn’t pick this game up when it came out in April. That doesn’t mean this game isn’t without its flaws. But I think this game is worth getting into if you’re into turn based strategy games akin to games like XCOM or Divinity. So if you’re looking for a decent strategy game at a decent price I would say this one is well worth your money. Buy this game is what I’m trying to say. It’s a good addition in your steam library and I’m glad to have played it.So I can’t really say enough about this game. The combat is fresh and challenging. The story is well crafted and intriguing. I have spent a lot of my time playing this game the last couple weeks adding up to almost 50 hours. Honestly this game had me hooked with the word Vikings as I’m a sucker for historically based games. You have a free reign to choose your own path whether you want to be a raider, a diplomat or a trader. The outcome of the game is based on the play style you choose. I can’t honestly articulate why I had so much fun with this game other than its challenge and many diverse options in dialogue and combat. The challenge adds depth in combat causing you to figure out solutions to problems. Sometimes the best option is to literally rush into your opponents to keep archers from picking off your men. It’s a breath of fresh air to not have a game that holds your hand every step of the way and let you live with your mistakes. But altogether this game has fun combat, well-crafted dialogue between characters and diverse options for what type of campaign you want to do allowing you to craft your own story.So I want to air out some of the flaws I think the game had these are few and far between though because the game functions perfectly for what it’s intended to do.  First off the game seems lopsided to favor the enemy no matter what setting you have the difficulty on and this can make some of the battle you’re involved in utterly frustrating. I’ve also noted that in some cases the enemy can literally shot you through walls not certain if it’s just a minor bug but it’s frustrating all the same. I also had a problem with the ending. While the game can run you through almost 50 hours of gameplay the ending feels rushed and kind of falls flat. Hopefully they release DLC to add an endgame mode that continues the lifespan of the game. I’m not sure it just ends so abruptly that it doesn’t feel satisfying more or less just kind of empty. They could also update the animations a bit to add variety to your actions outside of combat. I also found that sometimes the game would drop you in a battle with full option to attack the enemy but in most cases you combat will start at a handicap not allowing you to perform actions only to move your first turn. There isn’t a way to predict when this will happen when starting combat. And there are few dialogue options that allow you to gain the upper hand in combat through deceptive means which I would appreciate. But those are just some minor irks I have with the game as a whole and in no way makes me rethink my review as positive."
76561198014429940,Recommended,445190,31925690,Posted: 23 May,all,vivoxaxon,"I was on the fence but ultimately a fun ride. Some very weird UI quirks, but not game breaking. Dificulty seemed too easy for the first 75% of the game, eventually things became slightly more tactical near the end even with some of the hard to find top end items. Good game though and well worth the time. Don't miss out that ALT is the highlight interactable objects button and some destinations cannot be seen on the horrible map unless you are in a boat. Enjoy!"
76561198017056364,Recommended,445190,31450738,Posted: 29 April,all,CodeTiger,"I normal wait until I have gone through the game before giving a positive review. But I am really enjoying this game. I liked  Expeditions: Conquistador, but for me this is a lot better. The combat is more indepth and there are tactics using skills where 2 units will work together. Like there is a skill that removes a shield for one turn which means they can't block so other attacks against them will reduce HP or the archer can flush enemies in hiding so they are exposed so other ranged units get a clean shot, flanking, status effect, cover system (which is a must for dealing with pesky archers). Different weapon types that have very different effects and yet they are all effective if used correctly. So you don't feel like only one weapons type is effective. The difference in weapons real adds to how you play. Like the axe / sword and shield go in the front, spears next because they have an attack range of 2 hexs so they can attack standing behind other units but are also protected, then the others witch and archer. I also like the way they implemented AP usage. Where each unit has 3 phases. Move -> attack-> move. There is over spending AP which can be really good for closing the gap between you and the enemy, where you can use all your AP to move in one phase. The art work is really nice. It is clean and crisp with good colour pallette, the people look like vikings, from hair, clothing and bears. The music is good orthough some more tradition or period style music using period instruments would help with immersion. Music from that period in europe had a real war like sound and a lot of the songs where about battle. Some battle drums would have been cool during combat and war chants (non english), with shield clashing. Enough to stir the blood of the dead to fight.I am not a great fan of the time limit in the story. I normally like to do all the side quests and take my time. Stop to smell the roses, however there is always a sense that time should be used wisely, which is what the dev where going for I think and it does effect the choices you make. It would be nice to be able to set the time period though.If you like tactical turn-based combat and viking mythos then I recommend this game.May I see you my brothers in valhalla with shield on your back, axe in one hand and a jug of mead in the other.Death or Victory."
,Not Recommended,445190,31457610,Posted: 30 April,all,Crink,"This game currently has too many bugs, it crashes every 30 minutes or so. Personally, I have ran into two game breaking, the first bug the support team gave me a work around to continue my play through. Now my characters are stuck in an empty map when I am on the Quest to Meet the King of the Picts. If you are interested in this game wait a while because it seems they have released this game in beta."
76561198015271039,Not Recommended,445190,31456893,Posted: 29 April,all,Barbarossa Bey,"I loved it at first and although I was skeptical about the heavy $26 (after discount) price, I thought to gave it a go.But several hours in, you lose the 2 hours for refund eligibilty (developers nowadays try to be tricky and drag you in for several hours just so they can keep the money and you lose the refund eligibility) and the glitches start to appear.For me, loading times is aweful some times, and perfect at other times. Don't know what triggers it; maybe entering big cities?Viking enemies are super easy. Britain enemies are near impossible.When you encounter Picts, they have a dozen soldiers and 90% of them archers, and they get to go first.4/5 attempts, I lost all but one.So tell me how the ♥♥♥♥ is it possible?On another occasion, I entered a church near the north; there were 14 soldiers.You are able to bring in a maximum of 6. Those 14 soldiers each have at least 110 hitpoints, while the best thing you have is 80-85. Their attack is almost 40% more than yours.Another irritating thing is the timeline.The game is not designed to be open world; there is a set time, so it feels much worse than you trying to finish your woman off before the viagra effect wears off.One more thing that annoyed me from the beginning is the camera; it's simply aweful.Lastly, in game support is not as good as it should be, but maybe because the developers are busy fixing the bugs since day 1, so let's not blame them for not responding to our discussion threads at all times.Overall, I paid 90% more than I should. For new players, I'd recommend you wait a year or so during special seasons, get it at $5 or less so you can play it with the advantage of bugs fixed and/or any additional content that might come later on.For me, I sort of enjoyed it and was really excited to sail to the Saxon lands, but I just got off in Britain and I can't be arsed to play anymore, so it's over for me at this point."
76561198030909357,Not Recommended,445190,31452313,Posted: 29 April,all,Belisar,"Avoid until they fix the bugs, how this game made it to release with some of the obvious bugs you encounter on a standard play through is beyond me."
,Recommended,445190,31453654,Posted: 29 April,all,Demonbox,"From the same guys that developed Expeditions: Conquistador another amazing game, highly reccomended if you liked the 1st and in general if you like turn-based RPGs with squad management and strategy aspects.+Historical setting, you're going to be a danish viking.RPG with turn-based combat.Interesting plot if you like this setting.-An indie game that shames loads of AAA ones, but with some bugs, some crashes and the most intresting one that sets the default difficulty to ""Insane"" at the start of the game.The devs are working on them and should be fixed with the next update."
76561198049298589,Not Recommended,445190,31600503,Posted: 7 May,all,[LGN] Berten,"How the game is at the moment, I definitly do not recommend people to buy this game.Pros- Compelling story line and characters.- Interactable homebase.- Some funny moments.Cons- SO MANY BUGS (a some gamebreaking or just making you unable to continue)- The turnbased battles are good sometimes, but often than not when the enemy starts first they reck your♥♥♥♥♥♥hard. (It is too late to change now, but an initiative type turn base whould've been better suited.)- Frustration (I propably pulled all my hair out by now and am bald while typing this due to the frustration that some battles gave meBattle of Yngiliwood.- There is a timer.All in all, good concept, story, characters and setting. But released like EA whould, too soon and full of bugs. Hopefully in a couple of months most of these bugs will be elimated. The timer also negatively impacts this game imo, while giving you a rush and you know that it is dire and there should be a timer, it just makes the game limited. Making you unable to unlock most of the game due to time restrictions. So I hope that gets removed aswell"
,Not Recommended,445190,31493399,Posted: 1 May,all,Absurd-Ditties,"There's a fantastic game in there somewhere, but in its current state Expeditions: Viking is tough to recommend.It's riddled with bugs, from frequent crashes and quests which break if you explore areas in a sequence other than the one intended, to enemy turns never ending and locations not becoming available when they're supposed to. I lost hours of progress on multiple ocassions as a result.It also entirely lacks polish. There are random events which occur while you travel, but there seems to be only 2 or 3 of them for land and for sea, which means you'll be having characters drink from a lake with a rotting deer in it or spotting an abandoned fishing boat dozens of times by the end of the game.Balance also seems to have been given little consideration, and archers are far and away the most powerful unit, for both you and the enemy. It's not uncommon to lose 2-3 of your units before you even get a turn if you're up against enemies with several archers in their ranks, and the inability to arrange your squad in combat means you'll often start with your healers and ranged units out front, and your melee in the back. What's really baffling is that this is a step backwards from Expeditions: Conquistador, which allowed you to arrange your squad prior to battle. Gone too is the trap setting system from that game, which allowed you to place obstacles and traps before a defensive battle. So while units have many more abilities than they used to and are far more customisable, the combat itself feels much more basic than the previous game.Camping also takes a step back from Conquistador, with it feeling more like a chore than a core mechanic. While in Conquistador your explorations were limited by ever dwindling resources and camping was key to managing those, in Viking I was swimming in rations and meat for the entire game, and so camping became an arbitrary action to complete whenever the fatigue indicator popped up. No planning or strategy to it, just a menu you have to click through before continuing.On the whole, a severe disappointment."
76561198348029265,Not Recommended,445190,31813481,Posted: 17 May,all,Justin_760,"I have been stuck on turn based RPGs/roguelikes for awhile now, and decided to give this a try. The store page makes this look like a good game, reminiscent of Divinity Original Sin and other turn based gems. Sadly this game falls short of being noteable in any way, and I cant really recommend it, there just isnt anything it does very well. It is mediocre in just about every facet, its storyline, gameplay mechanics, graphics, audio, characters, and depth. I dont think its a terrible game, but for the price of it, I feel like the money would have been better spent on pretty much any other turn based game.The quests are my biggest dissapointment. They are all terribly shallow and bland fetch/kill quests. One quest finally stood out as remotely interesting; you set out to search for an ancient crypt that legend says contains treasure from a king, and its protected by underground mythological beings (elves and dwarves.) Sadly this promising quest quickly devolved into a laughably simplistic and boring mess. Basically you ""find"" the tomb (go to the quest marker), go into the tomb and get the treasure.  The ""tomb"" is simply a single room. A square room, with half a dozen enemies that you kill, and on the other side of the room is treasure which you click on to interact, quest complete. I couldnt believe it, that quest was also a main story line quest, not to mention literally the only quest I had encountered that sounded even mildly interesting. It took 7min to complete, and was just plain boring and unengaging.Characters are all two dimensional and boring. There is the cliche warrior type you would expect from a viking culture, and that would be fine if any of them had depth or anything good to say beside korny one liner musings. There are also... Oh wait there is no other type of personality/character that isnt fighty strong man. Yes it is a viking game, but none of the characters feel real, and the writing and voice acting for them all is also dissapointingly mediocre. There are attempts to throw morally grey situations at you, but none of them are noteworthy and dont seem to affect anything other than in the moment dialogue, no ""choices matter"" branching decisions that affect the way the games world is.Combat is polished and streamlined, so it is simple and offers a variety of ways to approach battle. There are stuns, hook attacks to render shields useless, buffs and debuffs, all the typical RPG stuff, but unfortunately none of the skills or abilities are interesting or unique. They obviously didnt set out to do anything new with this game, and thats not a bad thing, but it all feels very generic and uninspired. The levelling up system is not one Im fond of, the system of skills/abilities is archaic and overly simplistic. The combat is balanced however, and nothing feels especially over/underpowered, but the AI is absolutely moranic making the game not much of a challenge. Ive seen the AI be generally idiotic in almost every battle. They often will leave zone of control (causing a free attack to all your guys adjacent to them) just to move a couple spaces over, then move back to original spot, accomplishing nothing but bringing damage to itself. Or archers run up point blank to shoot instead of keeping their distance, then retreat (once again giving free attack to your guys adjacent.) Its like the AI is unaware of the zone of control mechanic.The graphics are ho hum, not especially bad but not good in any way either. The world does look pretty, with snowy pines and rustic wooden houses, it definately feels like a medieval nordic world. The audio is decent, with the tribal drums and wind instruments, it all sounds very vikingish and fits the theme. Voice overs for characters is terrible though, and constant yelping from enemies being attacked is irritating. Characters holler in terribly cliche heroic over-enthusiasm, and spouting out cringe worthy lines to boot. Sound effects for swords, bows and other battle sounds do sound convincing and good.6/10Overall this game is incredibly mediocre. It has a polished and decent turn based combat system, which is simplistic but accessable and easy to use/understand. The lack of interesting characters, plot, quests, and generally everything make for a dissapoining game that struggles to hold my attention for periods longer than 15 minutes. I typically lose interest even sooner than that, and its quite simply boring and bland in my opinion. It seems like a game that will cast you into a viking adventure, but in reality the majority of quests are very shallow and consist of fetch/kill quests. There arent many reasons to justify a purchase of this game, in my opinion. Considering the price I would recommend a steadfast PASS AND SAVE YOUR MONEY, possibly on better products that will satisfy that turn based itch."
76561198261322623,Not Recommended,445190,31570499,Posted: 5 May,all,dei_1998,"First and foremost, this game has issues with uploading to the Steam Cloud.  I am not sure why but this is the first game I've experienced this frustrating issue.  The game with not accept back-up's from a thumb-drive or secondary cloud file.  Even unistalling and re-installing won't fix the sync issue.    Even though I have 8.5 hours playing the game, OI have about 3.5 hours of screwing around trying to get the data from a secondary pc to my primary pc.  I have had enough!Second, I've encountered some fights that enemy archers completely destroyed my healers within three turns; leaving me to fight 6 enemies with 4 allies with half health.  The quest, Hang it Out, when you wait for the wolves in the forest clearing was especially frustrating from the ""knockdown"" attack.  And how level 2 brawlers are can punch right threw a shield is beyond my comprehension.Lastly, the graphics and fight scenes are really good.  In fact, the best I've seen since Fire Emblem and Ogre Battle.  The only drawback is the quirky character movements and wonky battle movements.  Trying to move around the battle field takes a lot of patience.All-in-all, I would rate this game 6 out of 10.  Again, the issue with it not syncing or accepting back-ups really hurts the overall score."
76561198056283983,Not Recommended,445190,31577101,Posted: 6 May,all,Erikbo,"as much as i love the story line and all in this game. i simply cannot recommend it in the state it is in as of today. way to many bugs and crashes. gives it a feeling that is has been rushed or something. i have done everything the devolopers have said you could do in order to fix the crashes. but it havent helped one bit. and there is WAAAY to many crashes . during battles and loading screens . and the auto save is buggy as hell as well with you saving and then when u reload into the beginning of a battle you all of the sudden stand there alone and cannot move . good story line, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game."
76561198131177308,Recommended,445190,31848465,Posted: 19 May,all,humansgod,"It's a fantastic game. I had a problem that stopped me from playing, an enemy champion named Leoric. There was a mission to infiltrate a castle and open it's rear gate for reinforcements and take over the castle but even with the reinforcements I couldn't kill Leoric.He had a shield and I couldn't damage him or his shield. Oh and beware the game sometimes freeze ;so be sure to save every once in a while."
76561198057090090,Recommended,445190,32797603,Posted: 25 June,all,[PG] BlaZeR,"I killed all of those ""rats"", without a thought i killed them, what have i become...."
76561197971375937,Recommended,445190,31411781,Posted: 28 April,all,"Angus ""Pothole"" McDuck","A few small bugs here and there, a guy mentions his sheep but on the screen they are pigs, sometimes the AI says other stuff than what is going on (just killede someone and they act as if they died) and i've found some bugs with cover, some places where i think there should be cover but there isn't, but overall it's a very nice working and difficult game.If you dislike bugs wait a few months before you give it a try."
,Recommended,445190,31551293,Posted: 4 May,all,Naomeister,"Having played this game through to completion once (my listed time on here is less than I've actually spent in-game. Started playing it with a friend), I can generally say this game is most certainly worth the asking price.Pros:- Story - The storyline is deep and engaging enough to keep you going, with hard choices all around right from the get-go. Everything you do might SEEM innocent enough, but there are consequences to a great many more of your actions than there are in most RPGs. Characters are all varied as well, and unique enough to be interesting while still fitting with the setting.- Combat - Combat is generally varied and interesting, with a multitude of different weapon types and configurations. A lot of people complain about archers being OP, but they're only OP if they're used smartly, effectively being complete glass cannons that can be killed in one hit if you're not careful. However, shields do seem to work a LOT better for the enemy than they do for your party, but that might just be bad luck on my part.- Environments - Environments really fit the atmosphere of the era and regions you'll be playing in. While the locales obviously aren't that varied due to being in the same general Northern European vicinity, they're generally large enough without being unwieldy.- Customer Service - The customer service/support people have been entirely helpful and have been actively responding to players in the Steam support section and elsewhere. Jonas in particular is doing an excellent job of that, so thank you to him. Bug reporting is responsive, and fixes seem to come within days of being reported.Cons:- Bugs - This one's the obvious one. This game had a LOT of bugs when it first shipped, but given the amount of potential quest variables they have in this game, it was frankly to be expected. Patching has been rapid and thorough since release, though, so they've already patched most of the bugs I encountered in my first playthrough, and it's only been a week. This'll be a tiny issue a month after release, so give it a bit of time if you want to play the game without any bug issues.- UI - While the UI is generally not bad, there are a lot of different design choices that make it a tad awkward to use. I still don't understand why the only thing in the ""Codex"" is your faction standing. ""Codex"" sounds like it should have a history of your undertakings during the game.- Time limit - This is only a con for some, but there's a time limit for the main quest that can make exploration difficult to do at best. I'm still not sure I've explored the full map in my first playthrough because I didn't have enough time to check all the different routes on the campaign map.Overall rating: 8/10Highly recommended if you want a good tactical RPG, or even if you just like vikings."
76561198030729098,Recommended,445190,32038258,Posted: 29 May,all,Luke172,"Great game which i would highly recommend. Dialogue, branching storyline and skill system allows for almost endless replayability, allowing you to fully roleplay if you wish. There were a few issues but they never broke the game for me and were easily fixed (despite not knowing much about computers), these issues have also largely been fixed through patches and extra features which the community called for have been added very quickly. All-in-all a very entertaining and addictive game and i would highly recommend it."
76561198027433242,Recommended,445190,31500716,Posted: 1 May,all,ckfinite,"I really liked this game. It combines interesting combat (though some balance tweaks could be made - I liked Expeditions: Conquestador's balance) with a engrossing story, and got me hooked for a good 24 hours or so of playtime.For me, the bugs (and there are still some, as of this review) weren't too much of a problem."
,Recommended,445190,31417479,Posted: 28 April,all,DickJutsu,"In the opening the character creation is a little daunting what with all the dozens of skills to consider, but after playing a bit you can get the hang of things fairly easily.  The tutorial stages are better designed than Expeditions: Conquistador and that was a terrific game, so understand what that implies here.Little nuances affect the story in interesting ways - a continued, and improved-upon, feature of the Expeditions series.  The story is great with likeable, understandable characters and the gameplay is good.My only complaints so far as I am about 4 hours into the game are that the video processing seems a little shaky.  Even on lower settings the thing chugs a bit and I'm not sure why.  And the demoralize skill is too friggin' overpowered.  If start as an archer-base that makes your starting team generally two archers, one spearman, one fighter (depending on personal choices of course).  Demoralizes halves your accuracy for ranged attacks and it seems like almost every enemy group has 1-3 fighters equipped with the skill.  It quickly turns battles into your archers just milling about, since they can't hit anything and your melee fighters deep in enemy territory to slaughter the opposing archers who are hitting with scoped rifle quality arrow shots.4 hours into the game and I've got one complaint.  That's not bad, really.There is an odd glitch where people who come rushing out to talk to you after a battle run in a circular motion, through any terrain (floating above the water, even) before finally tracking onto your location.  It doesn't break anything, just humorous to watch."
76561198002581627,Recommended,445190,31427555,Posted: 28 April,all,Gandie,"I was pleasantly surprised to see the game sets itself to insane difficulty by default! Because I am a manly man. So disappointed when I read later that this is actually a bug. Haha.Anyway, really enjoying the game so far. I just finished the first part of the campaign. I like the setting and combat better than in Conquistador (which I also thought was a good game, though not perfect). Lets see where this one takes us!I am off to pillage and plunder. Because I am a manly man."
76561198007561034,Recommended,445190,31493771,Posted: 1 May,all,Reaper776,This is a great game with interesting in game decision making. The bugs have been not so desirable but they will be fixed and the game will be amazing.
76561198053499465,Recommended,445190,31619331,Posted: 7 May,all,NakedBuddy,"Good story line, good game play, good depth."
,Recommended,445190,31487146,Posted: 1 May,all,Javelin,"I gotta say, I bought this game not thinking too much about it, but man do I not regret it. I'm almost 30 hrs in and so invested in the story. The gameplay is pretty good but could be worked on in some aspects.There are some minor bugs that still need fixing, but they have been very vigilant at pumping out fixes post-launch.I think they could really build on the combat system, like maybe have an indicator that shows you if you are in line-of-sight of someone if you move to a specific hex. (Similar to xcom2)Other than that and a few tweaks, this game offers a lot of good story, some funny cultural references and fun dialogue options.7/10"
,Recommended,445190,31830767,Posted: 18 May,all,Adzmodean,Great CRPG. Lots of fun. Needs some polish still (1.0.3) but well worth it.
,Not Recommended,445190,31536821,Posted: 3 May,all,lugerluver,"Personally I liked the Viking backstory and RPG elements which reminded me of Bauldur's Gate. So if you liked Bauldur's Gate, you might like it this game. There is even a bit of base building which is really awesome. I don't dislike it, but I just can't recommend it because it feels somewhat unpolished due to design choices relating to the UI and breaks in immersion.Characters suffer a malus like stats reduction for being hungry or intoxicated and frequently I only realized it while in a conversation with a skill check or at the beginning of a battle. These negative status effects do not seem to show up elsewhere like the character menu which seems like an odd design decision.Characters reach maximum damage output quite early in the game based on skill point allocation so there is a lot less grinding to do compared to other titles but on the other hand it feels too easy.Some loading screens simply took way too long for instance in Ribe which could have been prevented by splitting a large or densely scripted area into 2 or 3 parts.Finally the protagonist and other custom housecarls are not voiced unlike named companions, and the contrast is quite stark during battle.So if you can get past some of these flaws, go ahead and have a blast. It's a good 20-30 hours of fun for one playthrough and you will probably want another go at it with another character build sometime in the future."
76561198069554629,Recommended,445190,31969368,Posted: 26 May,all,Shishika,The game is still more bugged than an EA game but still good enough to suck you in with ist story.
76561198062612195,Not Recommended,445190,34035880,Posted: 5 August,all,HuntinDarkness,"It's a pretty fun game at first but with ever increasing lag and multiple glitches and bugs, I just can't in good conscience recommend this game.The further I got into the story, the more lag I had to deal with where as almost any other top down rpg that would runs pretty well. This one does not.Randomly I got gameovers simply when preceding to the world map and other technical glitches, (like getting stuck on walls and buildings or a random disappearing character) making it so I had to restart, either from a few saves prior or even once, restarting from the beginning of the game.Still, if you want to give it a go anyway. The combat is well managed and thought out. And character creation is well presented though a bit limited."
76561197983612976,Recommended,445190,31445472,Posted: 29 April,all,Rogal Trump,"This is a really good rpg, reminds me of how I felt when I played through Baldur's Gate 1 and 2 for the first time.  I truly hope that this developer expands into other genres (fantasy, sci fi) and fills in the void left by ""major"" game companies.  This game truly is a gem, especially when you compare it to over-hyped trash like ""Tyranny,"" ""Mass Effect: Andromeda"" and other recent disappointments.Combat feels good with lots of options.  It's not really possible to build an ""OP"" character and the wide variety of skills and perks makes it so the game has a high replay value.The camping and base development are a nice addition to regular quest/combat features.  The characters felt good and had nice dialogue options.  The story was engaging and enjoyable.  I cannot think of anything bad to say about this game so far.Imagine if this developer had the budget of the people making Pillars of Eternity 2... we would have a new Golden Age of CRPG's.  I will definitely recommend this game to anyone who likes traditional CRPG's and turn based strategy games in general.  A+!"
,Recommended,445190,34057541,Posted: 6 August,all,✠ Wehraboo ✠,good game
76561198091949345,Recommended,445190,31431097,Posted: 28 April,all,LeoJFBR,"Expeditions Conquistador was a already an interesting game and the development of this franchise was amazing.I've just finished my first run through the entire game, so here my conclusion:- A great RPG (good story, a lot of possibilities to each situation)- A great squad-strategy (it is nice to create your own party and develop them, there are a lot of battle strategies) and turn-based gameI recommend it with full honors!P.s.: the game has bugs... It's not horrible but it can be nerve wrecking sometimes."
76561198350248917,Recommended,445190,31765109,Posted: 15 May,all,Bearded Bear,"Plunder cities, churches, villages, and make your own kindgom if you like.It's my first game about Vikings, and its my favourite one as well! You Must try it even if you're not familiar with Scandinavian mythology and/or history as i do. Its Simple but therefore Expeditions: Viking is one of the best rpg's so far in my opinion. Try yourself as a thegn of small danish village and make it the most powerful part of Scandinavia with your brothers and sisters in arms!My grateful thanks for that masterpiece!I really hope Logic Artists will make a sequel for Expedition's: Viking. Cheers!P.S. I really wanna see quests for All companions. There's only 2 for Nefja and for Ketill. It would be better if there will be more special quests for your hirdmen. For all of them would be ideal."
,Recommended,445190,31472262,Posted: 30 April,all,DOW,3rd Person Tactical Isometric Viking RPG.  I love this game.
76561198008550253,Recommended,445190,31467344,Posted: 30 April,all,ager99,"Despite the bugs, which will be ironed out, this is a great game. Great story and seems to expand well on what they got right with the conquistadors game."
76561198028420467,Recommended,445190,31493702,Posted: 1 May,all,Player One,"Nice game. A lot of bugs, but I am sure they will be fixed soon."
,Recommended,445190,31454433,Posted: 29 April,all,𝕴𝖆𝖑𝖉𝖆𝖌𝖔𝖗𝖙𝖍,"these are more of musings than a proper review:After having played now for about 21 hours I think these things:- They should not have bothered with that 3D exploration and rendering at all. It's slow, clunky, doesn't look very good and means you need extensive loading screens every time you even just want to go into a building. It's handles and looks like a really stiff and barebone NWN, also as how others have mentioned that the positioning just becomes ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t a lot of the time in the start of a battle this way.- There's too much running, this one ties up with my first point. Since exploration is not very interesting because of how bland and slow it is, it's really frustrating having to run for 30 seconds through a city just to talk to some person. Why not just give me a static or dynamic screen of the town and describe it to me in text and save me the peon work. It also makes me think back at how the game suggested I play without quest markers for a more immersive experience, and I was actually considering doing that and now I'm really glad I didn't. I would've gone mental.- Fetch quests are not fun and crafting isn't that great.- Way too many bugs in the current state. It's mostly been UI such as text, but also animations (thank loke the talon skill got patched at least), quests bugging out, crashes and freezing (where the game is still running but some loop or some♥♥♥♥♥♥is stuck)Other than that I do enjoy the game loads. The setting is great and I like the effort they have put down in trying to get the names right for example, and drop tidbits about the culture and the mythology (although it's often wrong or skewed). I like the map a lot and how abstract and on point it is, and also the camping system. It feels a bit like a board game, and I wish a bit like more of the game would be abstract like that save for the battles, but I digress.I'd definitely recommend it but personally I have to wait for some of the most apparent bugs to be patched because I don't like playing with hatelove."
76561198049080279,Recommended,445190,31498562,Posted: 1 May,all,bill53916,"Nice RPG game lots of reading and following the the story line.  I like how the story shifts with your play style.  I am still debating on a thumbs up or down.  see below on final answer whyPros:story line shifting with game stylesmall amount of crafting and char developmentnot bad graphics for early 2000 gamesCons:loading lagsfirst time crash during battle (last kill) after 22 hours  multiple times it wanted to crashCombat AI is a bit slow to attack mostly flees not sure if its waiting for an advange pointrange is uber powerful compaired to melee and pole arms (not sure if this is due to setup)after the campment battles dont expect to get any drops.  it goes right to your camping window.  Im quite dissapointed       with this because a lot of battles could happen here and you can gain your treasures right there.  Along with equipe better armor and weapons by crafting.questionable:sheild repair after attack should take at least one turndamage weapons/armor??? its ok but humm pretty loose during game play as is its not always the caseunsure how to setup char in the beginning and those stats dont changemeds and usable's are really not needed in the game unless you get sickslipping and falling in combat (hahahah) think its funny sometimes it makes the tides turnforced to play to the storyline at times if your being more diplomatic they force to fightnot sure how happyness is played outalways found that half your people agree with you and half disagree making it very hard to please everyone.not sure if plants regrow for medscash flow is extreamly slow to get trade etc not even sure what its used forfairly rounded group can fight multiple battles without injury making the combat boring to mundainspradic short battles that lets you emerse back to the storyI think its a good start to a game not sure if they should have released it in this condition it is playable but not sure what the actual storyline is based on your father or and expidition.  It changes with your play style a little but for the most part your doing quest after quest.  I have only played for 22 hours so not long but I believe I am half way though the game as it stands but i maybe mistaking and it maybe longer.  I feel a lot of content is missing that would enhance the game play by a lot.I am going to give it a thumbs up just because its pretty playable and a good storyline, with a higher end machine you shouldnt have many problems with loading and crashes but i can see it would get very annoying.  I wish there was more content for trading routes a better weapons armor and ship building.  If this game took more than two years to build i would be extreamly supprised.  The lead program developer should get fired.  This is basic late 90""s early 2000 development style and could be enhansed a lot with the new program engines out today.I am fairly ok with the game style and graphics its nothing to jump up and down about but it could use more voice overs.  If your looking for a lot of action or great graphics this is not the game you want.   the battles are not that challenging nor rewarding.think i lost a total of 2 battles so far.  2 range 1 healer 1 pole 2 melee.  pretty much rocks this train with 11 to 6 odds again the AI pretty much ran away most of the time when my range killed the first two NPC's"
76561198017989875,Recommended,445190,31810573,Posted: 17 May,all,obet,"A bit short, but yea, I liked it, great battles, nice story."
76561197991465455,Recommended,445190,31615544,Posted: 7 May,all,Yoshi,"Excellent historical tactical rpg.  I enjoyed every minute!The story is captivating, with many choices and different endings.The combat system is really fun and challenging.The soundtrack is very good too ... I even listen to it at office (I bought the deluxe edition).The only thing that annoyed me a bit, is the tremendous amount of boxes/barrels to loot.Maybe a hotkey to ""loot all nearby stuff "" would have been very useful.Yes I encountered some bugs , but I still think that Logic Artsists realy did a great job. They are very responsive and have already fixed major issues.And by the way, devs, before doing another complete Expeditions game in another era (I really hope you will) , why not using the same engine as Viking and create some expansions? A lot more of Britain regions, Ireland, european coast and Mediterranean are waiting to be explored/colonized/plundered!Or maybe a lost expedition to Vinland that has not made it back.Well, enough talking , I must start a new game! This time the Danes will not only plunder Britain, they will conquer it!"
76561197969242951,Recommended,445190,31490358,Posted: 1 May,all,Conlai Darkmoor,"In Expeditions: Viking you start out as the young Thane of a danish hamlet. Your father has died and he's left quite the mess. In Denmark your more powerful neighbours look upon you as easy pickings and together with a few trusty followers you set out to prove them wrong.First of all, this is the best Viking themed game ever! The mix of strategic RPG and carefully building your village really draws you in. The RPG system is deep and you have to manage your hirdsmen/women by taking into account their motivations and superstitions to avoid mutiny. In addition to a camping system where you need to balance sleep and food, with the needs of repair and camp safety. If you are mostly into action RPG's this might seem a little overwhelming, but the flexibility of the system is very rewarding when mastered.The quests also are varied and will have you facing tough decisions with results that might not become apparent until later in the game. The fights in the early game are not to hard, so it can be looked upon as an extended tutorial. Some of the later ones will however test your ability as a commander.My main beef with this game is that a lot of it consists runninng around maps scrounging for resources, every chest or barrel seems to have a few pieces of wood. It may be that this becomes superflous in the later game, but the early game consists of a lot of container clicking. Some of the voice acting is limited in variation, and at times feels a little off. But I love how the have used Danish actors to read the lines, so you get a proper Danish accent. Some of it is also quite funny.All in all, if you are into Vikings and deep RPG's then I would definitely give this one a go."
76561197972473301,Not Recommended,445190,31461209,Posted: 30 April,all,Marek,"It pains me but I really cant recommend this game at the state it currently is. Multiple times I encountered broken quests, crashed to desktop and had to use older saves because the most recent ones crashed the game.There is a time limit in this game, and while it is fairly generous, when combined with confusing quest design, lack of information, and obsessive nature of RPG players it is possible you will end up with a hard game over because of it.Now I actually like when developers include a definitive failure state in a game, but this only works for games with significant replay value and this game isn't one. All in all time limit is not a deal breaker, just a poor design decision for this specific game.Tactical combat: The fact that you cant choose a formation during combat results in an absurd situations where you can have ranged units positioned in front of your melee characters at start of the combat and can get focus fired on round one. Line of sight is quite buggy, and I had a situation where there just was no way for my archers to shoot through straight corridor. It is not an awful combat system, but it is not good enough to carry a game.Exploration: If you liked exploration in Expedition: Conquistador this will probably be the biggest letdown. Exploration was largely gutted, probably to accommodate new time limits. Camping and wandering around feels counterproductive and not really that rewarding. Maybe it gets better later on, but considering that FFVII style world map (which you dont even get his time around) mixed with tactical combat and western rpg sensibilities was what made the earlier game feel so special, this is a huge disappointment"
76561198023507159,Recommended,445190,31569746,Posted: 5 May,all,the.grognard,"As a big fan of RPG and good tactical combat systems, I'm very happy with this game and recommend it whole-heartedly.It'd be easy to quibble with some design decisions, but this isn't ""Expeditions: Quibbler.""  I'm far more satisfied with the finished product then dismayed by limitations or production value.   It has a quality and clarity of theme and design purpose that not very many games even attempt these days.Relatively bug free, it's a bargain at the asking price and only a patch or two from being rock solid."
76561198049195768,Recommended,445190,31577855,Posted: 6 May,all,_Cal,"Keep's crashing while exiting the jarls house in ribe, not sure if its just me?have restarted three times from the beginning and crashes at the same point every time without fail other than that it's a brilliant game if it would let me proceed further."
,Recommended,445190,31549744,Posted: 4 May,all,WillieWonkaSauce,"Pretty solid so far. Haven't played long due to time constraints, but it is very promising. If there is any sort of dramatic shift in quality, I'll update this review."
76561198367092384,Recommended,445190,31569794,Posted: 5 May,all,ironman1961196111,"Been waiting for this like forever....so far so brilliant......-'s the timer...+'s EVERYTHING else. Buy it , you will enjoy it , its not a hack n slash theres a fair bit of using the old noggin.......so GO BUY IT and dont be a dullard !"
76561198049559309,Recommended,445190,31790170,Posted: 16 May,all,Demonic Gecko,"So first i would like to say this is a really reallly fun game, espesialy if you love vikings like myself.but at this point in time im finding it really hard to not notice the large number of bugs in this game.For the most part some can be shruged off but others you just cant ignore, and although i am giving this a thumbs up, to those looking into this game,(if your really set on buying it, go for it) but (if you not fond of bugs and can wait, just wait)"
,Recommended,445190,31925625,Posted: 23 May,all,Bendimo ツ,Amazing.
76561198081500014,Recommended,445190,32009282,Posted: 27 May,all,osbornezt15,Very good game. The combat is very fun and it tells a good story. Its about 40 hrs of game play and I wish there were 40 more. I didnt want the game to end
,Recommended,445190,34804948,Posted: 7 September,all,kewfsu,Great strategy RPG!
,Recommended,445190,31430193,Posted: 28 April,all,Jambatti,"Despite a lot of bugs, a good game."
,Not Recommended,445190,31498149,Posted: 1 May,all,Beardbeard the Unconquered Gamer,"Dialogue feels really disconnected. Combat is simple and boring once you figure it out. Very buggy as well, though the most common causes won't be encountered in the 2 hour refund window so I can't get my money back."
76561198006736389,Not Recommended,445190,31438876,Posted: 29 April,all,johnni777,Well Ive played Expeditions Conquistador and that felt better because the odds in battle were far better here if you fancy getting humiliated in battle often then this is the game for you more often than not you just get defeated because youre opponents outnumber you have more skirmishers who takes your healers and other troops out or wearing them down leaving your chances of winning even smaller .Also when the fighting begins the opponent will often be close to your support troops crippling or maimimg them before they can react whats the point of all this ? I prefer battles where you at least have a fair chance to fight it out not like this where odds just keep getting worse with fewer chances of survival I really hate combat in this game there are good things in the game but as I wrote combat is soooo annoying cant recommmend this game at all
76561197973091916,Recommended,445190,31402366,Posted: 27 April,all,Dendrazzik,"Nice game!If you like watching vikings, the last kindgom etc, the game reflect pretty much the atmosphere. I havent played a lot yet but I can definetly see that the game worth it! Combat system is nice, you can add a lot of tactics and startegy to every combat depending on the skills you choose..:P"
76561198027257277,Not Recommended,445190,31497068,Posted: 1 May,all,Rottenheim,"Having played about 50+hrs, I have beaten the game, played different kinds of characters, remade my choices and so forth.Enjoyable elements:Expeditions: Viking is the roleplaying game reminding me about Fallout 1 and 2 (the best titles of the series in my opinion), save your home! Desperation, time limit etc.The real cake here is your options to upgrade the settlement you try to keep. The change in the village, the peoples reactions are giving the player satisfaction.The roleplaying elements, choices you can make are interesting but still also limited in certain areas... Trading isn't so straightforward as one might like, you won't get to see much trading happening, if there was certain choices which allowed me to, it was not apparent in any way.Story: The story is very good, interesting characters and variable conversation options has the chance of making you laugh. This is a good thing. Still, I  was left wanting for more. More content, more alternative gameplay outside the main quest which in my opinion is quite short.Gameplay:The numbercrunching tactician can find certain enjoyment but in the end, it is very straightforward which builds will work the best into making the optimal hird. If you really want the best, you will most likely make use of few story characters and build your own mercernaries. Still, that wont be nesseccary even on the hardest difficulty, the game is punishing but rewards clever play as well. You don't need the absolute best damage to win if you can outplay the AI, which isn't the hardest since it's quite limited. It's a casual rpg game for the adventurer who enjoys a short story., not a grand challenging game like Disgaea, if you want that - dont go here.Now I have been quite positive yes? Yes?Let's go into my negative points:Short story campaign, few ""real"" options. quite linear in the end.Limited rpg feeling, this game simply lack ""that"" which Fallout 1-2, Baldurs Gate etc had. No, magic isn't what I mean..The worst negative point of all: GAMEBREAKING BUGSSo many in fact, I had to restart the game several times to make it playable. Resolution does not stay the same, you have to constantly go to options and change, check to make sure you are playing on the correct one, having the wrong one for your computer can make the game crash in several ways. Blackscreens occur frequently for some, for me it mainly happenes on 2 locations in the game.DID I MENTION GAMEBREAKING BUGS?I couldn't finish the game without cheats since at the last battle, enemy units made the game freeze forever, no matter what I did - so I cheated, still. I was so overpowering strong at that time, that I could finish of several enemy units per turn, so I did not feel any shame in cheating to pass the GAMEBREAKING BUGS.I like this game alot and will most likely play again to explore what more it can offer, but I can't recommend this game as a FINISHED PRODUCT, since it clearly isn't. THIS GAME IS NOT A FINISHED PRODUCT in my opinion, it launched too early.I hope the developers didn't shoot themselves in the knee for doing this. Games which lack the feeling of a finished product when released does not always continue to sell well, many players would give up a half-finished work like this and move on into somethine else, something finished. Never to return.When the developers have finished the product, they will most likely be hard pressed to release a DLC along with hotfixes to keep the interest in the game and return customers who most likely demanded a refund from facing these bugs. Testing their own game is all well and important to do, it isn't always good to allow customers to beta-test since it doesn't always give off the feeling of a professional company. Maybe they need to hire a quality game tester to help them keep these kind of gamebraking bugs from suprising them in the future.. after launch.I am positive though, hopefully their next title won't have the same issues at launch!"
76561198216381491,Not Recommended,445190,31809932,Posted: 17 May,all,[2ndMA(A)] Pvt TheStealthyClam,Dont buy this game. I hate to say that as i love the whole premise but in the 12 hours i managed to play this game ive had nothing but trouble. my saves have failed to load and i have had to restart my playthoughs form scratch 3 times until i tried a diffrent class onlky to have my game cease to load. i desperatly hope i didnt give this game to much of a chance as i do not know if i am eligable for the refund now =( Dont mess up like i did save your money till its on sale and the devs are sure it works and fix the plethora of bugs and glitches
76561198223856536,Not Recommended,445190,31702516,Posted: 12 May,all,bookworm1997invt,"Experiencing game breaking freezes whenever I try to make camp, so I can't even play the game. What little I've managed to do is fun, but without the camping available the game is unplayable for me. May jsut be my computer, but simply given how consistent the freeze is I'm thinking not."
76561198172151083,Not Recommended,445190,35236000,Posted: 26 September,all,Stray952,"Dont buy, game doesnt seem finished much after the tutorial. Wait for discount. SEVERAL status effects/gameplay mechanics don't work reliably, which randomly throws the game difficulty way outta wack. There's also no real explanation of the crafting system, which from what I can tell is how you Actually level up. I've taken every opportunity to fight, yet I'm still woefully underpowered for the first encounters outside of Skjern. Not much dynamic gameplay either. At first I really liked combining different moves to knock an enemy down, then stab them or whatever, but the balance that enables that kind of play quickly fades after the initial polish of the intro like so many other games. If you dont min/max your character and make them an ultra-strong blind person, or glass bow and arrow, you're going to get wiped as soon as get out of the tutorial. From what I can tell there isnt a way to add to those stats, so improving your characters requires making weapons (?) because you dont find anything better than what you start with."
76561198060776414,Not Recommended,445190,31839840,Posted: 19 May,all,King Fallen,"So I love this game, i really do, well the two hours of it I have been able to play. The game literally wont start, it just goes black screen, then whitescreen and thats it.Im sick of publishers releasing games before they are ready becuase its ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and im ♥♥♥♥ing fead up with it!! So until this games sorts its♥♥♥♥♥♥out and i can actually play it theres no was it can be recomended!"
,Not Recommended,445190,31516114,Posted: 2 May,all,Fredwin,"The combat's too repetitive and too easy -even on insane difficulty(That's probably why the game loads with Insane difficulty as the default). The campaign inexplicably has a count down timer which ruins any investment you plan on making. Under no circumstance is the timer ever spoken of or even mentioned, you are never told there is any type of urgency or deadline whatsoever. Any game using a timer should have mechanics built around that feature, have it play a role in the game. Nope, not here. Basically the dev's way of saying that there's only 15 hours worth of content in the game and don't look too closely."
76561197980125644,Not Recommended,445190,31449275,Posted: 29 April,all,Shepard,"Has the potential to be a really fun game but I've encountered a game break bug in the quest to kill the rival Pict war chief. Everytime I entered his hut to get ""proof of his death"" the game would bug out and crash to desktop.Didn't think much of it happening once so I reloaded. Save file now didn't load at all.I verified the game cash files and reloaded. Everything seemed fine then tried to enter the hut. Crashed to desktop.I uninstalled to do a fresh re-install and now the game will not install back on my steam.All in all its a fun game until you reach a bug which stops you playing. I'm not impressed now. I loved Expeditions Conquistador and had a few issues but nothing like Expeditions Viking. Game breaking bugs and the fact I can't install it again?? Come on guys you released this 6 months ago to youtubers and this is the final product.Shame.Once the game is fixed I'll happily flip my negative review but for now I feel others must heed my warning before buying this.WAIT UNTIL FIXED/PATCHED BEFORE PURCHASING"
76561197993052239,Recommended,445190,31406328,Posted: 27 April,all,dawgamims,"If you liked Expeditions Conquistador, you'll love this game. If you like games that actually allow you to roleplay, you'll like this game. Buy it and play it. It should have you hooked in the first 2 hours, and if not, just return it. But you won't."
76561198006756264,Recommended,445190,31845883,Posted: 19 May,all,Edgewalker,"I've expected solid squad building tactical game and got easily one of the best RPG's I've played in my over 20 years gaming career. I'm simply amazed how good is this game. Art-style, atmosphere, mechanics, storyline, quests - everything is so old school in a best possible way. They even made NPC that you actually care about. It's one of the games that kills your inner power-gamer and makes you roleplay, recruit the people that you like instead of the ones you need to beef your dps charts even more and resolve the quest in a most satisfying manner instead of taking economical (xp/gold/items) gain approach . If someone will tell you ""They won't make games like in the old times anymore"" slap him in the face and give him this game.I can't praise it high enough. 10/10"
,Recommended,445190,32409266,Posted: 14 June,all,Brave sir Robin,Very good game
76561198007072150,Not Recommended,445190,34164311,Posted: 11 August,all,kunztfehler,"It is definitly a fun game, very interesting story, well written characters etc. but for me its unplayable beacause it keeps crashing my computer and so far i havent gotten any help :("
76561198038764630,Not Recommended,445190,31473395,Posted: 30 April,all,Webbrave,"I really wanted to like this game. It has a lot going for it. Interesting (and well-researched) historical period. Attractive game design. Beautiful music. Turn-based hexagon battles (for true old-school connoisseurs like myself). Original RPG set-up that is different from the tired formula. What's not to like? Yes, the stories are true, game in its current state is extremely buggy - broken quests, CTDs, corrupted save files (after the hot fix). These are, however, temporary things that, I am sure, developers will soon address (although a question remains how they could release such a half-baked product). What worries me a lot more are some gameplay issues that are ""as intended"", which, together, come very close to ruining the experience for me:-- Awkward camera angle that you can't adjust. It is almost directly above you, meaning that you are staring at roofs and heads most of the time. Adjusting it by even 5-10% would have made a huge difference. It's just odd looking at your party's heads most of the time. Thankfully, you can still rotate the camera, but since you can't also adjust the angle there are instances when you can't see certain items very well or at all.-- No party formations. They just follow your main character in random order and you can't position them on the battlefield.  Not only that, you can't even decide when you begin a battle. That's right. You can't attack unless it's part of a scripted conversation/quest. Furthermore, whoever begins first (and there is no way to know that in advance) has a HUGE, disproporionate advantage. It's not uncommon for you to lose half of your party (especially if the other group is archers-heavy) before you even move because, unlike in many other RPGs, moves don't alternate between parties (i.e. everyone in the first group must move before the second group gets ANY chance to retaliate). I have no idea why the option to position your troups was removed from the game. It was in Expeditions Conquistador years ago. That almost makes any advance planning/strategy impossible.-- Overpowered healers and archers. Thankfully, there is no proper ""magic"" in this game as it tries to remain relatively historic (apart from the completely unnecessary 50:50 ratio of male and female fighters, just like Conquistador), but healers come very close to that. Especially on harder settings it can become nearly impossible to defeat an opponent if his group has several healers as they all but negate any damage that you do. On a related note, archers are just way too powerful in my opinion. Not game-breaking powerful, but still completely unbalanced.-- Looting and explorations are sub-par. You can highlight allegedly ""lootable"" after-the-battle dead bodies or barrels and other containers scattered around the map, but many of them are just empty. No idea if that's ""as intended"", but I see little value in highlighting containers with nothing in them or bodies with no loot. On the the topic of loot, it's also quite odd that many fights don't drop ANY loot, not even their old weapons. Furthermore, some encounters (at camping sites) won't even let you loot after the battle as you are immediately taken to the next screen after victory. No idea why it was done like this.I haven't given up on the game and will continue playing it in the hope that developers will, at the very least, fix the broken quests that make the game unplayable, but all in all I cannot honestly recommend it yet."
76561198041885705,Not Recommended,445190,31752498,Posted: 14 May,all,RuneWarrior,My opinion that game is not finished.Expected better game.Fights are boring and sometimes not fair (to difficult).In start you dont have any items with is not helping when enemy archers do not balanced lvl of damage.Not worth money if you ask me.
,Not Recommended,445190,31587051,Posted: 6 May,all,Anão Grande,"Dont buy it at the current state. The game is filled with bugs, broken quests and abilities. Some battles are way to unbalanced, Archers need to be fixed. I pushed it through 20 hours, but now Im not enjoying it anymore. Wait for a promotion or until they fix the bugs. Im asking for a refund, get you QA tests right before shipping this half-baked game."
76561198053752003,Recommended,445190,31457331,Posted: 30 April,all,ViluDaskaar,Great game.
,Recommended,445190,32800127,Posted: 25 June,all,a thousand bees,I can't stop playing.
76561198048326871,Not Recommended,445190,31473475,Posted: 30 April,all,Pete,"Game is great visiually appealing and story is engaging. Combat is somewhat lackluster, just spam the same abilities however still fun to play. I would not reccommend buying the game until after the numerous bugs are dealt with."
76561198006594618,Recommended,445190,31448150,Posted: 29 April,all,Sнежный Король,"Ash for our spear-hafts,Yew for our bow-staves,Oak for our deck planks,Oak and elder our shields."
76561198053918407,Not Recommended,445190,31541132,Posted: 4 May,all,Propovednick,"Bugs and optimization problems could be fixed in future. But there are a lot of problems that probably will not be fixed. First of all role-playing system is primitive and stupid. Depending on class some stats does not matter at all. That's because so many things does not depend on stats: initiative, number of character moves, etc. The whole game seems to be a product of unfinished design and development process..."
,Recommended,445190,31460033,Posted: 30 April,all,Hidden Inside,"TLDR: Game is ok, nothing here is ground breaking 6/10. If you are a fan of squad based tactical combat, - this is a great get for you and is probably somewhere up to 7-8.The game was clearly rushed to be finished, with many things having not been playtested, like say unreasonably hard acquisition of furs thanks to armor disassembly into scrap, missing assets, crashes, i think 'execution' skill just doesnt work.Early game balance is impecable, till 2 major power spikes happen:1) Getting access to custom characters. That trivialises combat in terms of skills distribution. If you ditch the idiots you are given by the game (you need to really just get rid of 2, i suggest the post feast challenger and berserker). You can make the 'Odin's finest' squad which can obliterate anyone with even a ♥♥♥♥ing toothpick.Whats that? You have a rusty butter knife? Give that to Bjork Dualwieldson, his superior training makes it into the deadliest weapon known to man! Unleash the power of 200dmg hits with 4 weapon damage in the span of the first 3 hours of the game! Oh you have found a mop? Give that here, i'll wipe the floor with our enemies! Thanks to this lvl5 skill, and +50% dmg to distracted enemies...25% flankinng bonus, this echna..  *crits for 140 with a mop of 3 dmg*.2) Second power spike occurs once you get some trade going in your hometown, where you can buy and sell at 110% profit....Thats right, your every good is valued at 110%. So you can buy 11 furs of trader by giving him 10 of yours. Keep doing that for a few minutes and you walk away much richer having spent nothing. Alternative to that game breaking trading you can have 300 moneyz given to you every 7 days. Its either get 15k for about 2 minutes of irl work or 300 moneyz. Looks balanced and tested out fam!That said its the most fair trading i have ever seen (mostly early game with its 1:1). Usually people are just trying to jew you out of money, having fair exchange for once is amazing instead of ""Hmmmm.... for that spaceship filled with alien tech which will propell us thousands years forward ill give you... a bucket of water and old cellar door. Is that good? Oh and throw in your map information in there and we'll have a deal, seems like you are ripping me off, that ♥♥♥♥ing cellar door is pretty valuable oh oh and throw in access to your citrus for next 500 years!"".That trading also makes most skills obsolete, while some seem almost unreasonable to be used by design: scouting, leadership and diplomacy. Scouting lets you go get stuff you found, but you need to expend time on it, time you DONT REALLY HAVE. Leadership  and diplomacy are supposed to be good for main character because they open up 'new dialog options' but they are so ♥♥♥♥ing rare and so petty they arent worth getting at all. Diplomacy is supposed to help you get new friends and make fights easier, but it doesnt. The fights that its available for are pretty easy to begin with, it makes you waste more money which you cant spare in early-start of mid game. While leadership checks ive seen about 3 times in ♥♥♥♥ing 20 hours of playing, where essentially the 'lvl4' check i was reminding the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who swore fealty was getting out of line. Its not like you can beat him up again or you know... he gave a promise and his honor is at steak.Speaking of which, companion loyalty is worthless, the grill with 10 'unwavering' loyalty left me and then there was no option to talk her into joining me back, despite being treated like queen and 5dip+5 Leadership.  Good freedom of choice and consequences, sure.I do find it lacking in choice. It has specific mechanic for 'going for lethal/nonlethal damage' to capture things. Which i really like the concept of but it doesnt work almost ever. I cant enslave my enemies, most i just 'beat up' in dialogs act like they were killed. There are few instances where it does work: for major enemy npcs, and 2 fights: tutorial and assault on monastery. In every other fight it doesnt seem to matter all too much, crits never are disabled either. Even in tutorial 'nonlethal' you can see crits flying.There is a lot more to talk about, like missing assets, errors, weapon balancing issues where named weapons are all worse then what you would normally have except the 3 giants fight before you get your customised companions. But there are good things aswell: i do like how they implemented a bunch of lore, made it thematically look like 'those times' but from perspectives of english people. Character portraits are beautifull, same for many maps, often times i would see a snow covered forest and wish to be there in person to witness the beauty with my own eyes, breathe the air.But the general lack of true choice outside of 'ally yourself with people who may or may not help you"" or ""conquer♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself"". Is preventing me from giving it a good rating.That♥♥♥♥♥♥was infuriating aswell. ""I have pretendors to the cro... oh you brought him in here in chains, great but the duality of fait... is that a druid? Great! Now the bethrowe.... oh! You rescued another king? Awesome, please dont come to wedding. We are totally allies, 100% but im not sending anyone to defend you. Hey! How about you help me conquer all england? I'll """"""Definitely help you"""""", its not like i would be able to say something like 'we are threatened by Geats/Charlemagne and not send anyone hehe, totally going to help. Trust me.""What i would have liked to see instead was some immediate help dispatched, ♥♥♥♥ing caravans, traders, warriors sent over to build my♥♥♥♥♥♥etc. I get nothing except: ""Here is 2000 gold for saving all of us yet again! Dont say no to any of your whims you can buy entire.... errrrr mmmm 20 furs? Nah lets make it 17 furs because you are a♥♥♥♥♥♥and not welcome in our lands.""♥♥♥♥ every npc is this game."
76561198077702964,Recommended,445190,31493557,Posted: 1 May,all,zwala,"Kurcze mam kłopot nie mam nigdzie statku, nie może mi sie zbudować ani nie mam zakończenia prologu hym wie ktoś co robićI have trouble I have no ship anywhere, I can not build or I have to finish the prologue hym knows someone to do"
76561198022595336,Recommended,445190,31497815,Posted: 1 May,all,token,Pretty good.
76561198026553562,Recommended,445190,31497528,Posted: 1 May,all,Fishmeisterdude,"A lot of fun in a generally underused setting, with good combat, interesting characters, and a strong plot. There are a few bugs still, however; about 25% of the time I seem to crash upon entering a large settlement. Despite that, I've had a lot of fun so far at about 10 hours in, and I'm looking forward to seeing the rest of the campaign."
76561198068327848,Recommended,445190,31530522,Posted: 3 May,all,Wolf,"Good stuff! Waiting for patches so I didnt play much, but I can tell it will be a solid title, got the game to support the studio and leave positive feedback to counter the haters. RAID!"
76561198006609272,Recommended,445190,31770826,Posted: 15 May,all,redwitch,"Expeditions Viking is a great game I can recommend without reserve. It's a fantastic historical story rich RPG with strategic and tactical layers. The only issue I have is the lack of a deployment phase in combat, and of course there are still some issues, like bugs and imbalances which I'm sure will be addressed by the developers."
76561198135056309,Recommended,445190,31776564,Posted: 15 May,all,MateSalsa,"After experiencing lots of glitches, gamebreaking bugs, a lot of patches wich gradually smothen the experience and 2 complete playthrough I finally submit my positive review about this game.It's still in quiet rugh state but you can already beat the game as it is now. If you want a smooth experience I recommend you to wait until the summer sale as the devs are constantly working on the game and there will be probably another 2 patches until then.But how is the actual game, I mean story and gameplay? In short it is pretty great, and honestly I pulled out a lot more from the title as I expected.In my opinion this is one of the most enjoyable and immersive crpg of the last years.The historical setting adds a huge charm to the game, I felt the whole story, setting, characters and dialogues a lot more engaging and relatable than your avarege fantasy rpg.I put 2 complete playthrough in it whereas I rarely replay games.Choice and consequence system is another great aspect of Viking. In one playthrough you can't even experience the whole picture because one story choice exclude others. While it can be bothersome to someone who doesn't plan to play it multiple times, it gave me the incentive to do a second playthrough.Gameplay is also solid, combat can be challenging and there are different ways to approach encounters build up characters, etc.Game is not perfect though bugs and glitches aside, there are flawed mechanics and bad design choices in it.Overall still a great game, and once it patches up I can recommend it to anyone who loves crpgs."
,Recommended,445190,31796418,Posted: 16 May,all,Captain Kaladin,Good story and fun mechanics.
76561197995843892,Recommended,445190,31808692,Posted: 17 May,all,Jolmer,"I highly recommend this game if you are into the tactics RPG genre at all. I can say with confidence that I was not and that this game has gotten me into it. I appreciate the effort this indie studio put into the game and feel like it was worth the buy. I really enjoyed the setting, I enjoyed the party and camping aspects and the combat felt fun.Of course there are minor improvements that could be made but they are making the effort. Nothing but love for this game and the developer. Good job guys."
76561198033513216,Recommended,445190,31941369,Posted: 24 May,all,Johse,Loved it! About time Vikings lost those historically incorrect horns on their helmets.
76561198002469824,Recommended,445190,32011361,Posted: 27 May,all,LastChance,"fun game, only problem im having is when i enter a new area the game will freeze on the loading screen and it will say windows has occured a problem and shuts the game down and i have trouble restarting it."
,Recommended,445190,31813361,Posted: 17 May,all,LEET RAGE,"Love - hate relationship with this game. The story and the battles are great and I did enjoy it. However, the loading times are just a huge obsticle that I can only hope the devs will try to midigate in the future. All in all, a fun game indeed."
76561198086284256,Recommended,445190,31515415,Posted: 2 May,all,Ультра Кацап,Quality!
76561198026892903,Recommended,445190,31556097,Posted: 5 May,all,Bijat,A good game. Not perfect but good.
,Recommended,445190,31718838,Posted: 13 May,all,-TSF- AcE,Great game enjoyed it alot ... could use 2 months of extra polish
76561198007277649,Recommended,445190,31471921,Posted: 30 April,all,gcktroll,"Great game.  Improvements across the board from Conquistador.  A few improvements/bugs to fix, but I'm really enjoying it."
,Not Recommended,445190,31877548,Posted: 21 May,all,Wild_A,"Hereby I write about my feelings of this poor game:  expidition VikingI bought it because I like vikings. And somehow  the creator of this game did put +500 positive reviews on steam. In my opinion it is a unfinished game. It has a nice story, but that is all. I bought the ''Deluxe version'' whit better music quality. Well music quality sucks.  There are some events whit some music, like entering York. But the rest of the time there is no music or any sound, not even a bird song. I expected bagpipes in Scotland or the ancient trumpets that the Picts used.I don't get the feeling like jumping out the boat and start plundering. It is a story game. I crossed the north sea several times and met a few times a other ship, but it never attacked. Loading a new map takes more than 30 seconds.In the game you get a choose for a fast/slow boat or big/ slow or   intimidating. The point of this ship quality is useless. There is no real trading in the game. Or filling the ship whit trade goods like hides / smoked fish etc. It is just a boring ship. It is not the great agile viking ship that has the advantage in low water.There are some churches you can plunder, but after killing or defeating everybody you get only gold. And not for the big reward: precious artefact, like ancient books or the church table silver.Early in the game you get Gunmar he has a shout witch boost ''Norwegian people only''. And since most people in the game are Danes/Jutes it is a useless skill. Sailing to Norway is immpossible. You can not go to Norway, Gunmar is the only Norseman in the game you can recruit.Plundering France or southern England:  no way there is no map of those parts of the world, and even Wales, Ireland  is not even possible. The game only leads to North Engeland, Scotland and Shetland. Map quality is bad, the Netherlands have the present shoreline, whit polders; Flevoland (created in 1920) visible on the map.This a game that belongs in the age of the early year 2000 not in 2017. Comparable games like Balders Gate or Jagged Alliance 2 have a better gameplay, atmosphere and music quality. And no game crashes.The game is not worth 25 euro or even 5 euro. This is a game from witch I wish I could get the refund back."
76561198041949549,Not Recommended,445190,31689895,Posted: 11 May,all,xacnafein,"Released without QA testing.Bugs make it unplayable. I dont care if they fix it later, it shouldnt have been released at its state."
,Not Recommended,445190,32416671,Posted: 14 June,all,Daimaoh,"This is an ""okay"" game. It really is. But I just can't recommend it.It is deeply flawed. No ultra major glitches as some reviewers have reported, but pesky small bugs all the time, and they start building up on your nerves until you feel like you can't take it anymore. You can't loot occupied camps after you kill the occupiers. You hardly loot at all in this game and it is seldom worth it. It is heavily combat oriented, so a diplomatic approach seems unfeasible. Combat, however, is pretty straightforward and simple. Very little skills to use and, those available, can hardly make any difference at all.It is unbelievably easy, even in insane difficulty. You max your weapon-wielding skils very soon in the game, and you can also create ""utility mules"" for your group and focus your fighting characters on... fighting.Crafting is... okay. But there are some unbalances as well. You can pretty much get the best gear available very soon, so that by the time you reach around one third of your gameplay you'll have all your characters maxed out. From that moment on, the game offers very little in the sense of accomplishment, rewards and evolving. Also, deconstructing a fur hide armor and use its salvages to build a sword feels stupid.The storyline is what makes this game playable. Dialogues, overall, are interesting, the story is rich and ""accurate"" by today standards. The quests are a little bland, though. They consist almost entirely of ""fetch quests"", meaning ""go there and pick up..."", ""go there and kill... and bring me back..."" etc etc etc.If you are not a seasoned player on the genre and might be thrilled with an average gaming experience, you could enjoy this title. If you are a seasoned player on the genre and has run out of options like I do, this might pass your time. If you have experience and haven't played other more famous CRPG games, I recommend you go elsewhere."
76561198002053619,Recommended,445190,31414373,Posted: 28 April,all,Klavs,"Havn't seen ""horned viking helmet"" in the game = must buy.Really - there is no way to end that stereotyped misunderstanding (Thank You Carl!) about historical viking headgear rather than by using Your own wallet - not buying games where things are done wrong and paying those who do things right."
76561198021183328,Not Recommended,445190,31481265,Posted: 1 May,all,jonpuckett,"I really like this game... like a lot! This is my first review of any game on steam because I truly enjoy the mechanics and story, but unfortunately cannot get past the second stage and into the heart of the game because of a glitch / bug when trying to camp. I've tried restarting my computer and everything but until this is fixed, my recommendation is to hold off. However, if the bugs are fixed, I will happily change to a positive recommendation!"
76561198093353595,Not Recommended,445190,32032223,Posted: 28 May,all,murphmox,seemed like a great game.right from the get go i found this game is incredibly difficult and frustrating.  battle after battle where you really stand no chance and are stuck facing the obvious impending doom very slowly after turn after turn of slow turn based combat.  maybe this game gets good later on but i wasted enough time not enjoying myself because every battle i found myself in was almost impossible.     after many hours of wanting to like this game i finally just shut it off and now i'm writing this review.maybe i'm just missing something obvious and this really is a great game.  at least the graphics are pretty nice.
76561197997945281,Not Recommended,445190,31735885,Posted: 13 May,all,Punisher,Awesome game potential but ruined by fatal errors causing program to crash repeatedly and at random. Not worth the frustration of trying to play for 5 minutes to spend 10 minutes restarting game.Appears no QC has been done on this game at all.
76561198028429192,Not Recommended,445190,31479295,Posted: 30 April,all,Phint,Viking Crash funeral.
76561198046753660,Recommended,445190,31820888,Posted: 18 May,all,NHS-Underpaid-Overworked,"What a fantastic game! PLEASE NOT: I have been forced to play this game OFFLINE since it's release due to having no internet! :-( see my proflie for achievements history.Pros:- Great Character development (you will care about your crew and hate your enemies)- Rich story (From the get go you have a purpose, it will pull you in and make changes based on your decisions that WILL change the plot)- Interesting Characters (From your crew to NPC, they will have detailed backgrounds and dialogue)- Combat (The combat is fluid, interesting and engaging. While somewhat simple it has a surprising depth that allows for some advanced tactical fighting)- Consequences (Everthing you do WILL have a Consequence which can have an impact on the overall outcome of the story and your crew, will kill or knock out that guy? will you help or hinder this guy? or will you simply walk away and watch the outcome?)- Side quests (Meaningful side quests are a welcome sight, much like games as the witcher, they have depth and purpose, ZERO pointless fetch quests!)- Skill tree (In depth yet easy to use and navigate, like Wicks, it does what it says on the tin!)- Lots of reading (For me, this is NOT an isssue, I am aware though many poeple do not like this but i feel it adds so much more to the imagination of the world you are playing in.)- The Price! (Lots content for a moddest fee)CONS:- Animations (purley in combat, there some animations that fall rather flat, for eg; Using the Hook and slash ability should look how it sounds, but it simply uses the standered attack twice)- Character Customisation (Lacking in most departments, very simple)- What do i do now? (I'm all for a game that doen't hold your hand but sometimes a hint will be nice, there were some points in the game where I finished a quest/mission then suddendly...... nothing, you may find yourself travlling a while before the next quest shows it's self. )I'd highly reccomend this title. I brilliant masterpiece!"
,Not Recommended,445190,31728346,Posted: 13 May,all,Milamber,really boring to restart difficult fights just because game crashed...
76561198111660777,Recommended,445190,32846150,Posted: 27 June,all,刁民,I love my hirdmen.
,Not Recommended,445190,31479992,Posted: 30 April,all,UndeadAlec,"I really wanted to like this game it has so many great ideas and they really did their research on the Vikings and how the Norse were. I was super hyped for it and bought it day 1 and I had alot of fun despite mutiple bug set backs and was glued to my computer until my saves just disappeared. 7-8 hours of work gone. This game is broken and buggy as hell. It simply shouldnt have been released yet it feels half baked.  There is constant freezing, crashing and game ending bugs. Take a look at the support forum for the game it is littered with bug reports, people who lost their saves or people who cant progress and are stuck because of a bug. Yes some of these bugs have work arounds but really should we be having to use so many work arounds to finish a game? It saddens me to say it because i feel like there is a great idea here but Dont buy the game just dont. Maybe give it a few Months and hopefully they'll fix it but if this final product is any indication of how they operate i wouldnt count on it."
,Not Recommended,445190,33746938,Posted: 23 July,all,IvenDelacroix,"Version 1.0.5 but feels like alpha-version:totally unplayable due to black screen bugs everywhere (global map, cutscenes, etc.)Cannot get my money back (I have to face that critical bugs in first 2 hours after buying it to be qualified for refund), hope they will fix most critical bugs somewhen and I could get playable game for my money."
,Not Recommended,445190,33800692,Posted: 25 July,all,Lestibournes,"This game had some fun combat, but the story leaves much to be desired, and doesn't pull you in fast enough. I quickly lost interest."
,Not Recommended,445190,31470787,Posted: 30 April,all,Ooby ٩ʕ◕౪◕ʔو,very bug very can't see anything yes
,Not Recommended,445190,31459249,Posted: 30 April,all,Tearful_Dawg,"Better wait until this is out of Early Access. Oh wait, it's not in Early Access, even though it's buggier than any Early Access game I've plaid. It's amazing to me that the devs thought this was in good enough shape to ship. I wish I would have refunded as soon as I saw the first bug, as it was a harbinger of things to come:Bugs in the prologue's duel: I stand behind a patch of ice and my opponent, who adamantly believes he should be in charge, just stands in the same spot a dozen hexes away every turn while I punk him with arrows until he dies.""Oh, just a random glitch. Kinda funny. Not a big deal. I'll keep playing.""--An hour and a half later.Bugs in the prologue's raid: I lose to the raid leader, but he gets captured. After the scene ends, his henchmen, who survived, are now standing freely in front of my longhouse as life goes on around them.""Okay, well, this is a bit annoying but the gameplay is fun, I'll restart so that I don't have these random enemy NPCs standing in my town for the rest of the game.""--Restart. Same glitch during the duel happens. Annoying, but I press on.Bugs when fighting wolves: a signal shot somehow knocked the wolves' 3D models off their hexes. My characters were attacking an empty space and damaging a wolf that was two hexes away.And then..Fatal bug when fighting wolves: I nearly surrounded the last surviving wolf, and my game was stuck in an infinite loop during the wolf's turn because it just repeatedly kept trying to path through my characters, and failing, and playing a clicking noise over and over again. Couldn't save and exit, couldn't even bring up the menu. Had to kill it in the task manager.---TLDR; The fixings of a great game are here, but it's not worth the frustration--and certainly not worth the cost--for the minefield of bugs you need to walk through to experience it right now."
,Recommended,445190,31805826,Posted: 17 May,all,Blaze908,"Fantastic game. Im about to start my second playthrough. If you're a fan of vikings, or are into norse lore, anything like that. you will enjoy this. The way you make choices and pave your way through the story is great, and makes for some replayability. I see myself playing through another time after this time (my second) just to see the differences. hope to see some type of modding and/or DLC in the future! Developers need to take notes, this is how games should be made."
76561197995282423,Not Recommended,445190,31480413,Posted: 30 April,all,Mormon_Jesus,I really want to like this game. But with all the game ending bugs its just not worth the money at this time. I hope they will patch this game soon and fix it.  I was stuck were if i went to a certain king the screen would go black but i was still in game. now its a few quests later and in this massive battle that always  at some point gets stuck after i hit end turn... ive fought and won it 3 times now only to have it freeze on the last turn for their last guy right after you hit end turn. you are still in the game and can move the cam but the turn button is grey and the enemy is just sitting there... its like the game going ♥♥♥♥ YOU for beating the AI... So please save your money till its patched.
,Recommended,445190,31472384,Posted: 30 April,all,Tannheuser,10/10 would not spare any women again
76561197978170885,Recommended,445190,31406570,Posted: 27 April,all,rgwilson3,I give it a thumbs up. 2 hours In.  Fun so far.  Cant wait till the weekend to play more!!Update-  5 Hours in now.  I just completed to prolouge!!  This epic journey has just started!*thumbs UP! Still.   ...i dont know how to spell prolouge!!
76561198044364850,Not Recommended,445190,34542998,Posted: 27 August,all,Archeo,This game is amazing. Is a shame that we cant play it because it is so damn clunky and bugged.
76561198009903018,Recommended,445190,31647686,Posted: 9 May,all,Corwin86,"Really good game, something of 8,5/10 or more, but sadly the developers released it in poor condition.So far I haven't noticed big bugs, but there are really a lot of small problems and ""misses"" that make you feel that, overall, the game suffer from an anticipated release.I'm fair, I really like the game, but, also, I don't like when problems so... simple to find are... missed (somehow...).So, maybe wait for some patches, but don't miss this, it's a good game."
76561197998229840,Not Recommended,445190,31772588,Posted: 15 May,all,Viddy rolls with the flow,"Hey I liked the game sureBut it is flawed and its a lackluster.The combat is ok, just that.Story is allrightCharacters are ok.Thats what it is an OK game. Nothing more.this game is a 6/10"
76561198196199058,Not Recommended,445190,31619017,Posted: 7 May,all,Diniguan,Cant explore due to timer.
76561198014749837,Not Recommended,445190,31483677,Posted: 1 May,all,darkrajin,Games story has a limited timer before it's game over. Alas I can not recommened it. I hate RPG games with such limited timers.
76561198112287764,Not Recommended,445190,32693314,Posted: 23 June,all,Ragleif,"Such a fine idea wrapped in some horrendous bugs. As others have stated many bugs are not 'game breaking' but in truth a handful ARE. Some require you to reload your last save, sometimes combat causes CTDs, for a full game it's a bit of a joke really, it's such a shame though, the premise is brilliant, just hoping Steam will sort me a refund soon, could use the money far better on another title in store.*No refund from Steam, the refund policy limits you to 2hrs of play, which is a bit ♥♥♥♥ing stupid. So basically my bid to give this budget game a fair and balanced go before requesting a refund has in fact worked against me. I'm sure this experience will encourage me to buy things from the Store."
76561197972733083,Not Recommended,445190,33284581,Posted: 5 July,all,Dr.Polsk,"Still in beta, riddled with bugs. Has potential."
76561198082625238,Not Recommended,445190,33156675,Posted: 2 July,all,Butterscotch,It's a really interesting game and normally I would enjoy it but damn... there are just way too many BUGS!Downvote for now.
76561198024136040,Not Recommended,445190,31468018,Posted: 30 April,all,sgtoxman,"Wow, I want to cry!  Wish my money can be refunded.  I think I'm only going to try games that have Demos.  How is this getting good reviews?  I don't even have the will to write why this game is sooo bad.  I'm so dissapointed...was waiting for this with high anticipation."
76561198237774440,Not Recommended,445190,31581763,Posted: 6 May,all,♪,SO MANY BUGSSHOULD HVE BEEN AN EARLY ACCESS GAMEI TRIED TO TOLERATE FOR 34 HOURS..♥♥♥♥ THIS GAMEDONT BUYEditMight need to wait for more patchesDevelopers are listening to the fans which is a very very good thing
76561197970684895,Not Recommended,445190,32751747,Posted: 24 June,all,Dratz,"No way to scale the txt or UI to be readable. On a 34"" GeSync native 4k monitor, I have to drop the resolution down to 1200 before the txt changes sizes, and then the screen is barely even utilized.I don't have horrible eyesight, but this♥♥♥♥♥♥is unreadable unless you're right up on the screen.Unacceptable for an rpg, text heavy game. Even the menus are tiny.For small screens running horrible resoltuions, it's playable. But not anything decent."
76561198248123276,Not Recommended,445190,31459820,Posted: 30 April,all,Sushi,"While it looks a promising game, I never got to properly experience it as the game keeps crashing during battles and has various bugs as well which were very disruptive. Bugs relating to quest characters where u cant find them and so cant do certain quests and also a screen black out in the king's tent in Pitt etc. There are just so many issues. An aspect of the game I must say issilly as well is when u successfully block off an arrow but yet get poisoned somehow still. I basically paid 20 over bucks to beta test this game and it is not good"
76561198006669385,Recommended,445190,31451843,Posted: 29 April,all,Trevelkyn,Great game.
76561198011484526,Recommended,445190,31456672,Posted: 29 April,all,burgerman11,Awesome Game! Like the show vikings.
76561198100909734,Recommended,445190,31469262,Posted: 30 April,all,bourque125,Good game so far. Camera is almost completely vertical would be nice to be able to angle it better. Kind of gives me a headache. Also unable to customize sliders in difficulty like the other Conquest game.
,Not Recommended,445190,31670380,Posted: 10 May,all,Jean-Paul Borat,"As a big fan of Expeditions: Conquistador, I was really looking forward to this - unfortunately, they've doubled down on everything that was bad about Conquistador (the combat and the graphics) and minimized or just stripped out everything that was good about it (the exploration and the party / stronghold management). A deeply disappointing game."
76561198111795488,Recommended,445190,31488133,Posted: 1 May,all,ruarigh (decolas/riggerson),JUST DO IT!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,445190,31848299,Posted: 19 May,all,420WeedScope,"This game is just boring, the story line is very linear and lame. The game does not let you explore because their is a timer. Combat is cold and not very fun at all. First game I returned on steam in 5 years. Better off saving 5 bucks and buying pit people"
76561198051141671,Not Recommended,445190,31497632,Posted: 1 May,all,Benson,"Started off with potential, but in the end it's just boring. Turn based combat is annoying and repetative, and sometimes you can't move around where you want to because somehow arbritrarily they decided not to allow the movement in a certain place even if you could walk there out of combat.It's all basically 'walk somewhere' 'a bit of dialogue' 'same old combat' 'repeat'. And though you can recruit more characters you can only have 5 helping you at a time though the enemies can have way more so it won't take long until you lose a fight.Also come across a few random freezes and crashes. Once I crashed 3 times trying to go into a certain town and had to restart the game 3 times before it finally loaded.I was waiting for ages for this and had hope for it but in the end it was boring and uninteresting and I ended up getting a refund."
,Not Recommended,445190,33768970,Posted: 24 July,all,nagolbud.com,"Wouldn't even launch. Tried all the ""fixes""... sick of all these games being released UNFINISHED. How can you sell a game you haven't even finished yet. This thing should be in Alpha or Beta, it doesn't even start!EDIT:Tried on another PC. Same errors, just crashes on startup. Don't waste your time or money on this junk game. Who the heck releases a game that doesn't even run. It's rediculous what steam allows to be sold.... $$$$ is all anyone cares about. Release crap games with catchy description, make $$$$, disapear. Crazy you developers are releasing updated content when the game doesn't even RUN on a decent computer with windows 10, you know, 90% of the steam player base! After reading other comments it seems the developers offer the same catch all advice that doesn't work. Then they disapear when it doesn't work. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY.. AND NO, DISABLING FIREWALLS, ANTIVIRUS, VERYIFING FILES, DOES NOT DO ANYTHING. Don't waste your time with their non-sense. The game doesn't run. Plain and simple.Don't believe me? Go ahead and google ""expedition vikings crashes on start"" or ""expedition vikings crashes on start"" and read the 10000+ threads about it NOT WORKING... notice the date? Several months ago? EXACTLY. These problems are not being addressed. They lie about fixing them yet they have occured since release."
76561197971732382,Not Recommended,445190,31431891,Posted: 28 April,all,Paul,Too much bling every battle = red blue yellow hexes big bold and bright all over the place soooo annoying. No way of knowing when a skill will proc or what triggers it. Feels clunky and boring although the story and characters are good.I really enjoy the first game but this is just frustrating on so many lvl's. As an old school hardcore gamer i like a good beatdown struggle from time to time but you start out fighting at like 20 to one odds with zero chance to win unless you study a guide someplace that will require a step by step on how to get by witch i really dislike about todays games its ther way or the highway nogo.
76561198030896774,Not Recommended,445190,34090070,Posted: 7 August,all,roflprof,"I was excited about this game but when I installed it on my iving room gaming computer, which runs a huge ultra HD television monitor, the font was too tiny to see, even though the graphics appeared very good.   I walked up to the tv and peered at the printed information, and it was too small to see clearly even with my nose to the tv.   I have moderately good vision, wear bifocals with 2x magnification.   There are no controls to fix font size.   Such a disappointment."
,Not Recommended,445190,31521060,Posted: 3 May,all,Brotip,camera movement did it for me. Story is quite similar to VIKINGS
,Not Recommended,445190,31761982,Posted: 14 May,all,rgp1,"I love the idea, and I had a lot of hope in this title. I can plainly see that the roll of chance for a hit in combat is not configued correctly. If they want you to miss you do, if they want you to hit you do. In fact the patteren is so easily seen that it has made me lose all hope in the title. In fact I wish I could recive my money back do to the♥♥♥♥♥♥poor combat engine."
76561198001591894,Not Recommended,445190,31505122,Posted: 2 May,all,SimstrX,Pay 30€ to become Beta tester... nice. What a time to be alive...
76561198009903950,Not Recommended,445190,31450826,Posted: 29 April,all,OriginalName,My first game I quit within 3 hours after I realized that the game starts you off in the hardest difficulty so basically every batgtle id lose. Restart to play again and after 11 hours of play I cant reload any of my saves without my game crashing. Game destroying bug. Have a feeling they took the show Vikings and copied 90% of the story
76561198128365270,Recommended,445190,32654188,Posted: 22 June,all,joe681205,"Great game, enough said."
76561198008719462,Not Recommended,445190,31446641,Posted: 29 April,all,Stealy,"I thought xcom's rng was pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, but after playing this game, this one takes xcom's crown and stomps it into the dust"
76561198048001113,Not Recommended,445190,32703287,Posted: 23 June,all,Wimbledon,"i expected much more, i really like viking based games and content but  just couldn't play more than first missions, too much dialog presented in a very boring way."
,Not Recommended,445190,34962645,Posted: 14 September,all,ГГ_GLe,"see the problem with this game is it's price. It's a good game, with 1% of Pillars of Eternity content quantity and a simialr price. If the game would of had upcoming expensions for different territory viking ruled and invaded over history, you could have an infinit amount of content on this platform that could be upgraded with time and sales... But since none of that is going to happen... I can'r really promote it... it's a little disapointing and the ending sucks tbh."
76561198045109730,Not Recommended,445190,32271829,Posted: 8 June,all,perlo of the alley,"Game breaking bugs, very long loading times, not worth buying in this condition"
76561198154085871,Not Recommended,445190,32358257,Posted: 11 June,all,shuj0318,"Walk into a battle. Archer was automatically put in the front. Enemy turn first. Archer dead without player input.Load my save. I have luck this time by surviving to my turn. I killed the boss but lancer is low on health. Have to save my lancer! Enemy archer was aiming at my lancer. Swordman can do stun and protect his ally. Run to enemy archer. Swordman slipped on the floor. Lancer shot dead.By the way, this game share a great feature with famous XCOM series. Shoot in the face, missed lol.I like the diversity of this game. But its design is poorly done."
76561198087018548,Not Recommended,445190,31515765,Posted: 2 May,all,weldit,"dont buy this game, crashes all the time, cant even enter the first main town without it crashing to desktop. how the ♥♥♥♥ do they release a game thats so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥I N G broken R E T A R D S"
,Not Recommended,445190,32332259,Posted: 10 June,all,Kevin7557,"TLDR ReviewGood: combat mechanics, world, Map layoutNeutral: Setting interpretations, quests, story, reused assetsBad: Lore, game is a soapbox for the developers religious views, disrespect of the Viking culture, use of Viking terms with zero explanation as to what they are (enjoy using google) hindering actual game play, some quests have only one outcome with the illusion of choiceGame has enjoyable and tense combat set in great maps, but ultimately the bugs and blatant bigoted undertones of the developer make for an unpleasant experience.ReviewTo other reviews I'll predominately leave the discussions regarding game play and feature. The primary purpose of this review will be to discuss the games more obnoxious feature: It's a soapbox for the developers religious and cultural anthropologic views.To quickly touch on what those concerned with issues relating to mechanics, yes the game is buggy and will lock up during long load times. There are some basic duh solutions that are omitted from quest lines because to quote the developers: You can't please everyone (in game). Several quests present the illusion of choice, but if you explore each chat branch you will discover there was only one path to go.One of the first things you will notice is several decisions will impact people with certain personality traits that are assigned to that character. This mechanic drives how much a character likes you and how happy they are. You'll have no clue as to what character possesses what trait until you happen to notice them in the stats menu (which I did on my second run). Largely choices start make logical sense, be greedy and your greedy characters approve while you're altruistic characters do not, lie and you're cunning players will approve while you're honor characters will disaprove, and so on.Over the course of the game you'll notice a few choices that are kind of biased in their implementation. Free slaves and you're open minded characters are happy for example. Despite viking culture having a rather well implemented system of slavery that included manners by which slaves freed themselves through combat or through hard labor (the game explains this). Compared to that of other cultures where your life ranged from being an object (Africa) to your status is at the whims of your master (Greece/Rome). A petty grievance that such a decision should benefit freedom minded or independent individuals rather than open minded, when being against slaver is obvious a predetermined possition and is by definition not open minded.Little things like this will pervade the game. Everything paranormal is superstitious and myth. Vikings are portrayed as a backward people who didn't understand disease (they did) and believe it is curses (they separated the two in real life, though believed curses could bring disease). Sometimes this has a nice twist to it, such as in an earlier quest that lacked flushing out and made for little sense when taken in context of how it is presented.This wouldn't amount to much, annoyances that are petty depending on the frequency as they are sometimes sparse and sometimes frequently, but always in your face and obnoxious. Then you'll reach a point in game where Sage that is either a play on Merlin or Odin will start appearing at your camps. The first time he'll begin going on about how Gods are merely manifestations of human consciousness, simply out of nowhere does this soapbox rant come. I'll not discuss the merits of this argument here, but understand this comes from a pivotal character, a man in the known, as apposed to the other characters whom believe in gods and appear dimwitted and ignorant on the matter (including the heads of religion).At first you'll assume that this was just a one off cringe inducing Easter Egg or character, until he continues to manifest  and go on his rants. At this juncture I do not know how many there are in game, but I've encounter enough to make me want to quit as they do not seem to have end. The finest example as seen here:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=944244830http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=944231049Where the developers go into a cultural anthropological rant that one would be hard pressed to find many Viking scholars to be in agreement with. Again pressing home the developers views that vikings were merely backward and primitive people. You'll see this time and time again when your character marvels at great buildings of stone thinking they're fortresses when Vikings were not unfamiliar with large stone structures. This makes little sense in context of the game that they would consider the Isle's coasts undefended, but think every cathedral that dots the coast is a great fortress.Worse the developer say that your names are forgotten to history in the title description despite it being a historic fact in 793 Vikings invaded and conquered a great portion of England (they're not forgotten either) and then did so a second time in 1066 when William the Conqueror declared himself King of England.The game claims: Step into the pages of history: In a beautiful and visceral telling of the Nordic history. Yet the entire time Vikings are depicted as backward, primitive, dimwitted, ignorant, yet somehow progressive in gender roles in ways that erase their achievements in real life, and replaces it with trite female warriors whom still manage to be awesome, but it is sad that is the extent the game went. The extent that you'll step into history is the use of a lot of period correct (I assume) names and titles (albeit spelled in old English) that'll leave it very difficult for you the player to track what is going on at several instances during the game. Google will become your best friend as you try to figure out some of the settlement mechanics or names. Once you do it's a rather enjoyable experience except you'll lose a mountain of relation with the events when you are trying to track down another family that doesn't even go by the name in the quest or conversations.When the bugs are fixed, it'll be up to you if you want to purchase the game. Combat is fun and even with the flaws (outside lore, story, developer rants) the game can be enjoyable. Personally though I regret getting it, but it's too late for a refund. Historic inaccuracies come with fiction but when the game serves more as a personal soapbox for the developers to make their own commentary on Viking culture, religion, and the nature of the world (get ready for a nurture vs nature argumen to be ranted at you in game for absolutely no contexual reason) there is little enjoy ability to be had. Not when it's subtle and then forced down your throat, so hard you'll gag."
,Not Recommended,445190,33060359,Posted: 30 June,all,DinosaurPizza,"I have no idea how this has such high reviews.If you want a half-baked RPG with flimsy mechanics and frustrating combat, this is the game for you.I was intrigued by the concept and the opening story, but everything after the first hour goes down hill. I spec'd an Archer, but you get so many party members immediately that I don't think your class matters much. Regardless, I found myself getting absolutely crushed in every single battle. They say that the losing is part of the game, and this is introduced by an early-game duel between a character who's pretty much guranteed to defeat you at least once or twice. It's revealed that the duel is a best out of 5, so you go multiple rounds, but the subsequent losses I experienced were not story-related.No matter what quest I did, I was overwhelmed and outmatched. The opposing side did an incredible amount of damage with no real insight on how to counter the onslaught of death. Every failed quest booted you to the overworld map, which implied that these weren't meant to be difficult encounters, I had just failed them.There's a lot of mechanics that I have no understanding of how they work. For example, in many RPGs there's an ""attack of opportunity,"" if you are next to an enemy and then walk away, they get to attack you. But these attacks of opportunities also apply when you attack an enemy you are standing directly next to. But it doesn't happen every single time. There's some internal game logic that decides when AoO happen and when they don't. Specifically, they never occur for your team, only the opposing side.The leveling system is also very poor. Whereas many RPGs give you stats that you can dump points into, this game exclusively has a variety of perks you can upgrade. For example, ""+10% damage against the opposite sex"" or ""+10% backstab damage."" These are fine in addition to a real system, but in the few hours I played there was no option to, say, increase damage, or health, or anything like that. This gave me the impression that even if I were to ""grind"" lower level quests, my heroes would not get significantly more powerful.I'm sure you can chalk this all up to me being bad at the game, but it was incredibly frustrating. The concept sounds incredible but the game as it is right now is poor at best."
76561198030096654,Not Recommended,445190,33953980,Posted: 1 August,all,noma,oik but the combat hm well not my cuppa tea johny
76561198116692379,Not Recommended,445190,31477058,Posted: 30 April,all,Wazzle,"I really tried to like it, but as is this game is a nightmare. Multiple different points where the game will freeze losing hours of content. When you have to tell your community to run your old version because your new release wasn't tested properly... One before you get out of prologue, and if you actually DO manage to get out you can get transported to the completely wrong location at random. Several other fights, cutscenes, location changes all have issues. It seriously feels like this was coded once and thrown out on the table.The game itself is okay, a stretch at it's $30 price tag. With a month of polishing, or beta access to fix bugs, or even just the devs testings this game once it may have been an okay investment.What a nightmare."
76561198045270479,Not Recommended,445190,31476510,Posted: 30 April,all,Mr.Nightmare241,fun game when it works but it stopes working or crashes almost evrey time you load the game or change location
,Recommended,445190,31458699,Posted: 30 April,all,probes44,"Much is good in the game, but if you get stuck after almost 10h of playing by some bug it is annoying. Please don't release such bugged games. If you like if check it out later and check if the bugs have been fixed.---Some bugs have been fixed. If you like thge game you might want to wait a few weeks. I enjoy playing the game."
76561198155885399,Recommended,445190,31491600,Posted: 1 May,all,GODSxAFRO,I love this gameI am having a wonderful time playing itWell I should say I WAS having a wonderful time playing itThe game is now going through some game breaking bugs and it is killing me from the inside out because I just want to playThat being said the game developers are trying very hard to fix the bugs and are keeping everyone updatedBut I do recommend the game once it is fixed which I hope is soon because As of 5/1/2017 1:35 PM EST the game is broken and unplayable
,Recommended,445190,31643301,Posted: 9 May,all,rain,EDIT: Crashed was fixed. Overall this is a very good game and i would recommend! However still very buggy as i couldn't unlock some places of travel as others when i googled so i could not finish a few quests.This god damn fkin game!! I've been trying to pass In The Dark quest for 8 hours now and every time i'm about to win the game crashes!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198035005990,Recommended,445190,31667940,Posted: 10 May,all,cottonsox,Won't make it long as I don't tend to write reviews. Game is supurb as a historically accurate look at what being a real viking was all about. Combat is fun and interesting and the world gives away very few of it's secrets. Reminds me of rpgs ages past where you actually to work out what you were doing instead of having your hand held through the whole game so you never miss anything. Has a few bugs but they are being cleared up quickly by the devs that are working hard at updating it
76561198090605743,Recommended,445190,31664305,Posted: 10 May,all,mr.seventenski,">story 9/10>music 10/10 (Wish there where more areas with vocal soundtracks, they where the best)>visuals 8/10  (kinda bland at points)>rpg aspects 8/10 (should have done more with crafting)>over all 9/10Great game, but the ending (the one I got anyway), was a bit of a let down.  Didn't really seem like there was any reason I couldn't keep playing after it, and doing stuff.  I really think they should make an add on for the game, which you have to get a ""good ending"" for, and it should add more story, areas, characters, and weapons, and not have a time hack to meet.  France would be a good location for this, since it would be historically friendly, and would be cannon with the story already in the game.  (Russia would be good too)"
76561197982854553,Recommended,445190,31419870,Posted: 28 April,all,Sage,"Lot of fixs, so I'm am flipping this review to positive. There are still many rough edges in the game, but the game is basically functional.Pros -- Great sound track- Combat is overall enjoyable with a nice, unforgiving feel to it on 'hard'- Interesting story that feels reasonably well written- 21:9 supportCons -- Some bugs, but mostly of the fit and finish variety.- Some odd balancing choices (murderously powerful, ahistorical archers)"
76561197970974443,Recommended,445190,31750172,Posted: 14 May,all,Darksavant,"This game was unexpectedly awesome and could end up being one of my favorite games of the year.  At the beginning there were a lot of bugs but the developers have been very dilligent at quashing them and if you get the game now you will probably only run into a few minor bugs left, so don't be dissuaded by any of the older negative reviews about them.Also a lot of people complained about the time limit but I was able to finish the game while doing literally all the quests and I still had months of time left, so I have trouble understanding their concerns.  You can also now disable the time limit if you want from the latest patch.Here are some of the things I really liked.1.  The setting.  I really didn't know very much about the Viking era or early Britain.  The game is fairly faithful to the events of the time period and it caused me to look up more details on wikipedia.2.  The mythology.  The game is pretty grounded in realism and you can choose to be skeptical of any supernatural stuff that you encounter, but there are some legendary figures you can meet and possibly even some of the old gods.  I like they way they handled this stuff.3.  There is a lot of reactivity in the world.  Most major quests have two or three ways of accomplishing them, and there are several major branches in the storyline.  People who really like the game will find reasons to play it again to try different options.4.  The RPG stuff.  The character system is surprisingly robust and there are a lot of ways to make your characters, even though some of those ways are clearly better than others.5.  The combat.  For a turn-based combat game there are a lot of options and abilities that your character can get.6.  The characters and quests are all pretty well developed and interesting.  There are lots of quests to do.7.  The music is also surprisingly good.The one thing I didn't like about the combat is that it is somewhat unbalanced.  Some of the abilities are clearly better that others, and as such some of the tactical options are underused for expediency.  I recommend playing the game on Hard as the Normal difficulty is likely to be too easy for any powergamers.  I've already seen one attempt by a modder to fix some of these imbalances so I have hope that this problem can be overcome.All in all a great game that I heartily recommend!"
76561198009173518,Recommended,445190,31752896,Posted: 14 May,all,Something completely different,"Go forth, find facinating places to plunder and interesting people to slay!Pro:Combat is well thought out and generally quite enjoyable.The story is well written and yes, your choices matter. A lot.Armor, weapons and vilages really look the part and match the time slot of the game well, each culture has a strongly distinctive look. The dev's really did some research there.Religion is really well implimented. It defenitely wasn't black or white.The game is quite pretty overall.Cons:Crafting is silly. Let's take thirty hides and make a metal armor! Okay...Bugs. This game has far too many bugs for a finished product even after three updates. It's well playable but redoing battles because of bugs isn't fun.The timer in the game isn't really needed and only causes anxiety for me.In conclusion: Fix those bugs and I'd happily recommand this game to any turn based games and vikings lovers as the other two cons are minor annoyances."
,Recommended,445190,31521852,Posted: 3 May,all,jimmypong,"I was winning a big battle that I have been trying to beat for an hour (and several tries). Just when I was winning, the game froze. Thanks.************************[edit 02/06/2017]After the update, things are fine now."
76561198026672053,Recommended,445190,31527211,Posted: 3 May,all,OVER JUSTICE,A great game with fun gameplay and an engaging story. Majority of the bugs are fixed now
76561198034660418,Recommended,445190,31430313,Posted: 28 April,all,kimanij97,"Was Angry about the game breaking bugs at first, but the patches are a sign that things aren't so bad now.Liked the Story, could use some more music and less silence at times though."
76561198104486429,Recommended,445190,31517265,Posted: 2 May,all,hahaha,There's bugs but it's fun to sack churches.
76561197993493325,Recommended,445190,31524654,Posted: 3 May,all,warrick,"Although it crashed a bit too often, I loved loved loved this game.   A perfectly blend of rpg, turn-based combat and empire building.  I'm gonna buy the earlier Conquistator version now.Great game!  Please make more so I can buy them!!!!"
76561198031863345,Recommended,445190,31545817,Posted: 4 May,all,civb,"A good strategy game with multiple player choices to progress in the story. Combat is fun, based on positioning well and using skills at the right time or on the right enemy to ensure your victory, though making a mistake can be punishing as the AI knows how to cause the most damage (at least on hard). Do not go in expecting a great story or memorable characters, but it all serves well enough to keep you motivated on your goal. Overall, the game hasn't changed too much to its predecessor so fans of Conquistador will enjoy this one too."
76561198006442724,Recommended,445190,31532256,Posted: 3 May,all,BloodySunday,"I love the game so far. I feel like they really did well with the combat. It can be brutal when you lose a guy from 2 arrows before he even gets a turn. I am really enjoying the different choices that are given and how it impacts the game. I have not been thru the timer thing that forces you to lose the game so I can not comment on that, but I am not excited bout knowing its coming. Hopefully they patch it as this is the only legit complaint on the game from the reviews I have read.I like the setting for the game. If you saw the TV series Vikings on the history channel this game will remind you very much of that and that's a good thing."
,Recommended,445190,31531943,Posted: 3 May,all,Hazelnut,"I've played around 24 hours over the bank holiday weekend and thouroughly enjoyed myself. A few niggles here and there, but a great game well worth playing."
76561198006604889,Recommended,445190,31546302,Posted: 4 May,all,Da Murph,Well this game is just awesome! While I have ran into a few bugs here and there the team working on it has been very dilgent about correcting them and I am only expecting great things to come. I spent a good amount of time in the beta and they have made some great improvements. Highly recommended
76561198007095854,Recommended,445190,31479597,Posted: 30 April,all,ioci,"edit on 2017-5-3devs released a new patch and fix many things, and im changing the review from not recommanded to recommanded¨what ever you were before, now you are vikings¨'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''i havent play the other one from the serie, so i didnt compare it with the other one during my playthough. it is true that the game has bugs, during my first playthough, i just couldnt get into the settlement called Ribe, evey time i tried to load that map caused me a crash. then i started a new game and luckily the same problem didnt happened again.though im not leaving the Not Recommended for the bugs i met, evey program has bug, and this game do not have that much bug some others had on their release, so for me, this is just small flaw and totally tolerable.proviking culture - playing this game reminds me the good old bannar saga 1, and its fantasy free makes this game unique, in a good way, and for the first time i understand what a thrall is. many viking words was merged into the game and i learned one or two, for example how they insult each other.story rich - characters have own personality pretty much like anyother decent RPG around, and the way they show the struggle of a viking village is immersive for me, loyalty, betrayal, and conspiracy.repair - your weapon and armor can be damaged, i love it!conloot - you almost never been able to loot good equipment from your enemy, is this part of viking culture? that dont strip the dead? look, that guy is wearing a fancy mail shirt, lets leave it to crow! and if you fight in a camp site, you will not be allowed to loot them. why?UI & hotkey - i removed a skill button from the skill bar then this skill was gone for ever, i still didnt manage to find out how to put it back so i can use it again. and during the combat, hitting number keys wont help you activate the skill.non-lethal - its a function in game which allow you not to kill your opponent, i have to do some test to figure out which one was non-lethal mode been toggle on. and this function also need a little rework, currently, this function just pervent you from delieve crit hit. it should also reduce the damage you dealt.thrall - in the game you need to upgrade your settlement, thralls can be use to speed up its progress, but you can only get them from event and special encounter, even during a fight you choose to use non-lethal mode and didnt killed them at all, but still, you wont be able take them as your thralls anyway.character 3D module -  they look ugly in 2017, but should be ok if the game was released at 2013. during the character creating phase, it may kill the motivation on proceed.if you would like to see a fantacy free viking world, buy it now and go play, you wont be disappointed.but if you also care about UI, and game mechanic, buy it but wait a few patches and see what the devs were planning to do."
,Recommended,445190,31492092,Posted: 1 May,all,Nilvelleath,"Edited on the 5th of May:Changed into a positive recommendation as the devs are clearly hard at work to fix whatever issues the game still has.The biggest gamebreaking bugs seem to be fixed with the latest patch, leaving only small, mildly annoying ones here and there. As such I can now, in good conscience, advise people who like the genre, or pillaging in general, to give this game a go.-----Bought the game on a whim because the premise was interesting enough. And while I've been pleasantly surprised by it, after putting 18 hours into it, the cons are beginning to outweigh the pros.On the bright side... the story is good, the setting is engaging and you have plenty of options for roleplay and customization.The combat is decent, but there's definitely room for improvement.Sadly, there's quite a few bugs with the game, from the mildly annoying ones to gamebreakers.The mildly annoying ones revolve around frequent crashes upon leaving areas (but the game autosaves often and loads fast.. so ehh), obnoxiously loud BGM that cannot be muted (looking at you, York) and a quest here and there that seems to bug out and be unable to be finished.The gamebreaking ones come with corrupted savegames that will cause your game to crash every single time you exit a given area, forcing me to prematurely start a new playthrough....which ended abruptly by another massive bug that caused all my savegames to disappear from the load screen, even though they still are in the game folder.So... do I feel like I got my money's worth on this?No. Despite having a great premise, it's unpolished, buggy and seems somewhat unbalanced when it comes to combat.Maybe it'll be a worthwhile game after a few patches. But not right now."
,Recommended,445190,31460229,Posted: 30 April,all,BloodyPork,"A great game marred with many bugs.If all bugs get fixed, this game would easily be one of the best crpg I've ever played. Really enjoying the game so far. Highly recommended if you like turn-based combat and ""choice matters"" rpg (ie. Tyranny).It's also priced quite cheap for an rpg with 35-40 hrs expected play time."
,Recommended,445190,31492825,Posted: 1 May,all,Armin,"This is really a hidden Gem of Steam. If you know Expeditions: Conquistator you know what im talking about.If you like hard turn based combat this is a game for you.(Of course you can also play on easy :P) It mixes RPG with mirco management of your party while camping. The difficulty is really enjoyable because you can turn it up a lot. Making replaying it over and over still fun. I have done 5 runs so far. Story wise you also have to do about 3-4 runs to see every possible way it can play out.Also the Party management is really fun. You can either choose to make your own ""Min Max'ed"" overpowered mercenary crew or you go with the premade allies you meet, which of course are a bit weaker. Again making your game even harder if you want to.Overall the two games are some of the most fun i have ever played. Because exploring the Story and diffrent ways it turns out is so fun. I have over 4 Pages in Word with a ""story-guide"" and its still incomplete because even after 5 runs i still miss small things. In the meantime the hard combat even challenges veteran players like me."
,Recommended,445190,33916273,Posted: 30 July,all,Zed,"A fun CRPG set in the era of Ragnar Lothbrook with turn-based tactical combat, overworld travel, and trading. Lots of tactical options with reasonably good game balance to the combat. It's got solid writing too. I encountered a few bugs, but nothing gamebreaking. The game is relatively linear, and it's not the biggest CRPG at 30-40 hours to finish, but it does a good job of pacing itself well and the 30-40 hours you get are a great experience that doesn't overstay its welcome. The difficulty options add some replayability - I may even give it a second go later. Regardless, it's a fun romp."
76561197994640892,Recommended,445190,34115221,Posted: 8 August,all,Ryanheart,Yet another amazing Expeditions game. 9/10
76561198042521134,Recommended,445190,34163905,Posted: 11 August,all,largepaw,"The game is amazing, yeah i said it!"
76561197977679463,Recommended,445190,34190743,Posted: 12 August,all,mael,"Baldur's Gate meets X-Com meets Vikings the TV series. Historically accurate, fun combat."
,Recommended,445190,34983461,Posted: 15 September,all,Kolvarg,Amazing and immersive story and atmosphere. Great and fun gameplay.One of the best games I've played in quite a while.
,Recommended,445190,31465367,Posted: 30 April,all,SlapBone,"I don't see how this game gets any positive reviews as long as it crashes every other time you go into an area transition.Edit Patch 1.0.2 - Crashed the first time I tried to leave a building.In this day and age that ""Mixed"" on the store page is going to hurt more than what you avoided By releasing the game too earlyEdit Patch 1.0.5 Crashed trying to load savegame, crashed trying to exit building, decided to make a new game and crashed in character creation.Edit Patch 1.0.6 - Finally, I was able to exit the building and even complete a quest or two. I moved this review to positive and removed the phrase ""dog turd"" from the review. Wait, I just added it back again..."
76561198110654132,Recommended,445190,35136764,Posted: 22 September,all,Hrulj,"100 hours of gameplay, and you don't even realise it. Filled with great storytelling and fun gameplay. Amazing companions, and all main characters have a lot of personality. Multiple endings based on way you play are also a great bonus. Definitely buy it and support the developers, they've put so much effort into this"
76561198066026607,Recommended,445190,35165258,Posted: 23 September,all,takenkai,"A great historical game with really nice rpg elements with great re-playability. A little buggy in places, but that hasn't stopped me from enjoying it"
76561198007405758,Recommended,445190,35155115,Posted: 23 September,all,Target_Drone,"I was looking for an in depth RPG to play and I was slightly hesitant about Vikings at first. Yet I loved the story very much. Don't expect a huge game: this is an excellent limited experience with sufficient depth, story and warmth to keep you interested throughout.This game is more tactical in some ways than other similar isometric games, since you have no magic available. You have only limited options to put in skill points towards your survival. I found myself mulling over many options while I played, since points put towards survival in the wild are points that cannot be spend in combat. Time spent tending injuries cannot be spent towards creating food, or scouting for resources. In combat you are constantly kept thinking about the ideal tactical options and wrong moves are punished harshly. Most impressively for me, I actually lost a couple of battles, or missed objectives, but only once did this end the game.The game in the end is limited, as said before. These limitations are clearly made so by design and they never impeded my ability to play the game to its full potential. They instead immersed me in the story and required me to stay actively engaged in how to play. A few times, I did find the lack of options grating, but no more than one would find a lack of options grating in real life... so it actually added to the realism.Expeditions: Viking is an excellent game that does what it set out to do. It is neither expansive nor expensive, so do not be afraid to pick this game up for the time you have with it. I found it worth every cent."
76561197967630767,Recommended,445190,35171953,Posted: 23 September,all,TUi,"Great game,I encountered some bugs during my gameplay (annoying but not game breaking), even though I waited for patches before I started playing.If you like turn-based games and RPGs like I do (XCOM, Wasteland, Fallout 1-2), you should definitely give it a try.9/10"
76561198009357999,Recommended,445190,35061082,Posted: 19 September,all,ANewFiction,"Expeditions: Vikings is an absolute gem, handsdown one of my faveourite games this year. The story is a touch predictable at times, but the combat and partybuilding is an absolute delight. If you even vaguely enjoy strategy games you should absolutely pick this up."
,Recommended,445190,35208517,Posted: 25 September,all,Teddy Bear,Wow. Breath of fresh air. An exceptional game in this modern age of processed horse manure. Interesting story and characters. Fun combat (slightly flawed imo but good overall). Epic music. Dont miss this one its so hard to find unique games like this in this day and age.
76561198043583409,Recommended,445190,34004632,Posted: 3 August,all,Lord Peevis of Tweed,i like the game but i cant bring myself to play it until they fix custom portraits. i keep getting a few hours in then quiting when i start rellying on mercs. They have been saying they will try to fix it in one of the earlier patches but it is now over a month past 1.05 and no fix. when custom portraits are fixed i will then finally play through the game and change this to a thumbs up.edit: they now have custom portraits on the beta branch. Playing through the game now and quite liking it :)
76561197978391247,Recommended,445190,34543165,Posted: 27 August,all,Rad Russian,"I bought this because I liked their previous game and was not dissapointed. Imporved in almost every way over Conquistador. This and Battle Brothers are the two best turn based battle/strategy games on Steam right now and fans of the genre should definately own both.I bought this a few months after release knowing they are a small team and prone to having early bugs. Looks like now everything is worked out after a few patches and it's stable, and fun. Developer keeps their games updated and fixed and have a good rep. Definately recommended, especially since there are very few low/no fantasy style strategy games out there."
,Recommended,445190,34533348,Posted: 27 August,all,hmepas,"Not an AA title but is a fine game. Graphic dated, but picture is beatiful. Characters aint voiced, but story is rich. RPG system kinda simple, but fights are entertaining, and there is really more than one way to solve quests.Game is atmospheric, it's like this Vikings TV-show about Ragnar Lothbrock, but as a game. Also gave me nostalgic feeling of old school PC games. Worth every penny.(beware, not a sandbox)"
76561198039081963,Recommended,445190,34869141,Posted: 10 September,all,Passage,"Tough around the edges, this game was greatly enjoyable from start to finish. Others have mentioned it had a ""Banner Saga"" feeling to it, and this is true, but this one is a bit more action focused. There is still plenty of narrative to enjoy, and the characters, as well as the settings and the lore, are very enjoyable. A must for fans of vikings and RPGs, and a solid choice for those interested in narrative and choice-matters type of games."
,Recommended,445190,34872696,Posted: 10 September,all,NoseBagUK,"Great game, really enjoyed it and the fist rpg I have completed in a long time. I didn't really get on with Expeditions Conquistador despite kick starting it. BUt htis is great and had me hooked straight away. Took me a while to figure out how crafting worked which I felt could have been explained better but other than that had no problems. The turn based combat system is probably my favourite of any similar hex based game, it's fast and there is a lot of tactical thinking that needs to go into winning.Couldn't rate this game any better, hoping for some expansions!"
,Recommended,445190,35320947,Posted: 29 September,all,Infidelicious,10/10 would ally with picts again
,Recommended,445190,35308366,Posted: 29 September,all,Tall Meat Bag,"A fantastic turn-based rpg. The characters feel really well developed, each one has personality, and the freedom of choice in how you approach the main plot feels rewarding. It is a great Viking simulator too, given how you can choose how to foster relationships with the Britons."
,Recommended,445190,35282644,Posted: 28 September,all,Fufufu~~,"Just finished the game, I just want to say that this is a really good game.I was suprised that you can have a relationship with your own hirdman. lol"
,Recommended,445190,35483668,Posted: 4 October,all,乇乂ㄒ尺卂   ㄒ卄丨匚,"-Deeply well-researched lore-Fresh tactical mechanics-Engaging but not-so-overwhelming-as-to-diminish-the-overarching-story characters-Unusual premise of a grounded historical RPG-Beautiful environmentsHonestly, this game is a solid 10/10 - it's sadly not been getting the respect it deserves because there is absolutely no marketing for it - I've been through many the so-called ""groundbeaking"" CRPGs of late (Pillars of Eternity, Divinity: Original Sin 2, various remakes and remasters of classical titles by Beamdog) and none have shone as brightly as this one."
76561197990896049,Recommended,445190,35501415,Posted: 5 October,all,scoobyjafor,"Enjoyable, believable (can't vouch for how historically accurate this is but it feels pretty genuine),  well designed turn based tactics game.ProsCompelling turn based battles where each action matters; limited selection of weapons and armour but they behave differently.Character progression is interesting with ability to specialise characters with particular camping or battle skills.Believeable, ""no-fluff""dialogue that doesn't waste your time but keeps you immersed. Overall story arcs and the change of affinity each major kingdom has towards you dependant on your actions also believable (though this often results in quests simply becoming unavailable to you rather than any change in how characters inter-act with you).Camping, crafting, finding thralls etc helps avoid the game feeling like an endless sequence of battles.Nice graphics, nice atmosphere.ConsLoad times (in and out of houses, between main overview map or tactical batlles map). Jeez.Limited freedom on the main map. You can only go where quests allow you in the main with limited encounters available if you roam about of your own accord.Overall : I liked it. It has an economy of design I liked that makes most things matter though the strategic layers were a little undercooked there is a potentially strong game design here that I hope they expand on in later iterations.Price is fair too. If you like Wasteland 2 type games I recommend."
76561197981070979,Recommended,445190,35509519,Posted: 5 October,all,Zayde,One of the best games I have ever played. Replayability is very high if you have the patience. I have to complete and do all tasks so it is very time consuming. I just finsihed this on Hard and want to try insane at a later date.9/10!!
76561198345366591,Not Recommended,445190,35511344,Posted: 5 October,all,iloveguildguitars,"This is like ripping of a bandaid slowly, itll get better, but for now, it hurts and your wound is still exposed.This game has so much potential, but is completely ruined by game crashing bugs.I tried really hard to enjoy this game, the graphics are good, the gameplay at times is awesome and somewhat reminds me of the xcom series and the storyline is great, BUT, I cant recommend this game in its current state.The constant crashing, the mission ending bugs, the errors i get where my name is supposed to be and it just shows code or when im trying to assign weapons through my inventory and i cant see the damage output, movement restrictions or even see what it is because it just shows code everywhere, sometimes....just randomly.Or even better, when Im in my inventory screen assigning items and the cursor blocks the important details of the item. no matter where i move my freaking mouse.The map will crash at times and when your tracking quests, your waypoint will not always work, forcing you to leave a few side missions incompleted as you literally have no idea where to go.The levelling up system with your skill points is good, but is ruined by the fact that when you first start out you assign your traits, whcih cannot be changed or upgraded at any point in the game. And this is actually really important. So first time round, you will most likely have to start again after about 5 hours, which i did as you need to get used to your playing style.Also, it can be at times difficult. Now while i enjoy a good challenge, this was hard. Really hard. add to that how i can change my difficulty to the easiest custom playing style, and have a 95% chance of my archers hitting my enemies and still miss, EVERY, SINGLE, TIME is a mystery. Point blank range, 95% chance, 3 archers all miss from the flanking position. FML.I did not hate this game, i actually liked it, but i cant keep playing it with the amount of bugs it has, insanely warped and bias difficulty and random broken conversations that dont finish or are finsihed by characters not even in my party.I recommend that you wait a year, by then, hopefully it will be much more polished, but at no means pay full price for this game.On a positive note: the developers are great, i always see them commenting on people posts and trying to do the right thing, lets hope they continue to fix this, and make it the game it was meant to be,"
