user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197997555049,Recommended,445220,32097305,Posted: 31 May,all,khemeher,"On the surface, this game looks like yet another build/explore sandbox knock-off.  However, start playing and you quickly realize this game is a diamond in the rough.  In summary, it's the best of Space Engineers + the X-Series all in one game.+  Living universe with warring factions.  Sectors don't (yet) persist when you're out of system, but that's in development.+  Robust construction engine.  Not as many blocks as SE, but the blocks can be deformed & shaped as needed.  Additionally, while you need a certain set of systems to build your vessel, you don't lose your way in all the details.+  There is a main plot of sorts, but many other quests throughout the galaxy.+  Trading, piracy, assassination - all the basic space themes are present.+  Satisfying space combat, complete with the ability to salvage other vessels as well as mine.-  Overall good graphics, but the texturing on the blocks is still limited at this point in development.-  The UI is still very primitive, with some fundamental commands not present.  They're working on it.-  I find the soundtrack sucks, but that's what music apps are for."
76561198002810652,Recommended,445220,32672320,Posted: 23 June,all,kazakhstancheats.kz,"This game is soooooooo good. The game takes some of the best features of Space Engineers, Minecraft (I know, weird), and so many more. The game is steamed to perfection, waiting for someone to open and smell all the subjects.Favorites:-You can build AI fleets! These can mine, escort and do so much more. I honestly thought this game was sort of grindy, having to mine all the time, until I came around this AI concept.-Building system, best on the market for sandbox. The simplicity of it is what makes it, hard? The amount of possible blocks and ways you could build your ship is amazing.-The tutorial was absolutely spectacular, for it's complexity, I was able to grasp the game in a matter of, well, 30-40 minutes. You can always turn off/on the tutorial if it gets annoying/needed.-The world is huge! Me and a friend, who hosts our server, hyperspaced to a location we had no idea about and figured out the place had veins of iron that once fully mined gave around 20,000 iron.-Constant reworking/bug fixing! I've seen in the Steam news section that we see updates about every two-three weeks or so.-It's %20 off this Steam Summer Sale! ;)-Way small! Don't even need a gig or so to download this game!-The flight system is beautiful! Don't expect the complex flying of a game like Eve where I was almost always flipping/spinning. This flight brings a huge grin to my face because it's so easy.Cons:-The party system sort of lacks, but, you and a friend dont need to be in a party to work together.-The hud really get's on my nerves sometimes. The developers hopefully hear us out, because, I'm constantly getting lost in my 360 degree spin box.-Before you have enough credits to produce your own space fleet of miners, getting the ore in this game is super grindy. Don't expect to immediately build a huge ship!Tips or Tricks:-Save your titanium, iron is very durable for the first sector, so, save your titanium to build batteries and chargers for such.-Do the tutorial. Considering it is very minimal, it teaches so much of what could be confusing.-Once you have the bank to create multiple ships, or a fleet, do so. The extra mining/tasks the AI can preform is amazing.-You don't have to fly all the way to a ship to check out what they have. Use your new found hand dexterity and drag your crosshair over the green box, middle click, then press F. Wallah!-You can't give orders to the ship you are currently in.-Name your ships appropriately. Once your fleet gets out of hand you may lose your starting ship.-HUGE TIP!!!!!!: The smaller your ship the more navigable it is!! Creating a small but quick and stable ship is the best thing you can do early on.-Kill all pirates that attack, they give around 10,000 credits!I hope these things helped you decide/play the game!Please go on my profile and +rep me for this review! :)Have fun and Avori-on ;), punny.Please upvote this as well, it has a ton of useful starter tips and tricks!-Sincerely,Fenryr, that one Norse Mythology thang."
,Recommended,445220,29475657,Posted: 24 January,all,Wilson [MG],"It's like a midget EVE Online is getting it on with X3: Terran Conflict, while Space Engineers is touching itself, watching from the closet."
76561197999562286,Recommended,445220,32085297,Posted: 31 May,all,Merry Muffin,"Its X3 but with around a million sectors, and you can build any ship you want, sure some ships are blockey, but they don't have to be.,, don't want to build your own ship? just download one from the forums.You can fight, trade, explore, take on missions for rewards, pillage npc ships, or even defend them from pirates for reward. play with your mates or fight them.at time of writing its early access and has issues but is worth it at the moment and will get better in time. right now the only conns are there are some frequent bugs but its still playable."
,Recommended,445220,29788024,Posted: 8 February,all,Wiggles,"Developers PLEASE take note. This is the correct way to do Early Access.EDIT, PER REQUEST:For some reason ""Early Access"" has commonly come to mean ""release a broken game and slowly fix it over the course of 10 years while charging full price for it"". The quality level at which devs consider their game to be EA-ready has been steadily declining. To the point that some games literally don't even start when you press the play button.That is unacceptable. Developers everywhere would do well to look at Avorion as a reminder of what EA is really meant to be, ie, a place for players to test and offer LAST MINUTE suggestions and bug fixes.First off, this game works. It runs smoothly and most importantly, it is a complete experience. You can actually play the damn thing from start to finish, not ""start but don't worry, we'll soon be adding enemies and abilities and hopefully something for the player to do in a later update"".The multiplayer is functional. The universe is cohesive and full. There are no game-breaking bugs. There's a final boss that can be defeated.Is it finished? No. There are some issues to be ironed out, such as player-made ships going into stasis when you leave a sector. The economy needs some serious rebalancing, at least IMO. But the important thing to remember is that if you're going to charge full price for a game, ""EARLY"" should mean 6 to 8 months. Not 6 to 8 years.Thank you, Avorion team for setting an example. I'm proud to support you."
76561198053705207,Recommended,445220,29545391,Posted: 28 January,all,Aven Valkyr,"This game is AWESOME!!I would like to start off by squashing the negative reviews.Negative review type 1:  This game throws the new player into the middle of a dogfight, getting your first ship blown up during the tutorial.- The galaxy is procedurally generated.  Which means, yes, there may be an invasion of pirates during your first go of the game.  There are 2 ways to get around this.  First way is, simply stay close to the stations in the starting sector that are guarded by friendly ships.  They will protect you.  The second is, just start a new game.  Once you learn the ropes, even starting in the middle of a pirate invasion, you will be able to survive with the newb ship you are granted.  Just stay with the game and you will have fun.Negative review type 2:  The ships are blocky and they look like bricks in space.  Everything is chunky and blocky.  Graphics are bad.-  The graphics are just fine.  Chunky ships are due to players who spend 20 minutes in the game and don't even take the time to adjust the parameters of the blocks they place on their ship.  The ship building system is actually very flexible, more on this later.Negative review type 3:  This game is too big/vast, too much to do, it's overwhelming.-  Seriously?  Giving a game a negative review because it's TOO BIG?  Grow up.  This is exactly what a game SHOULD be, vast, large, lots to do.  Give your head a shake.Negative review type 4:  The game crashes, there are bugs.-  It hasn't crashed on my system, not once.  And I have a low-medium end computer.  The difference with me and you is, my computer is virus free, my graphics drivers are up to date.  Everything is up to date.  I run regular virus/malware scans on my computer.  Try combofix/malwarebytes/c-cleaner/windows defender before thumbs downing this game because you can't figure out how to keep your computer up to speed.  The hardware req's for this game are minimal.Negative review type 5:  All you ever do in this game is mine.-  Yes, for the first bit, you are going to have to collect a large amount of iron to build your first capable ship.  There are stations that will buy your iron to pad your wallet as well.  It's important to go hunting for your first roid of titanium as quickly as possible so you can build energy generators and batteries, as well as hull hardeners.  The combat in this game once you hit this early-game milestone is amazing.  My ship just sits there soaking up damage with these items installed.  You can put these items on any type of ship you build.  So to say the combat is lacking, maybe try giving the game more than 5 minutes.  This isn't CoD in space.  You don't drop into the map and start capping your enemies.  This game isn't build on instant gratification.  You need to *work* towards your goal and at first, yes, some grinding is required.  But get past this and start building some capable ships, and the game opens up to you.And now for my review:This game is AMAZING!!   Did I say that already?  It's because it's true.  I typically play a game for 30 hours before I write a review, but I can feel within the first 10 hours of gameplay that this one is going to keep me coming back for a very long time.  I can see myself spending hundreds if not thousands of hours playing this one.  The ship building system is simple, not complicated, there are options for your build style.To give you an idea, think of it this way.  Think minecraft.  If you spend 1 stack of materials building a hut, guess what.  You are going to get a blocky build.  And that's kindof the way it is with this game.  Except that even if you decide to place just a handful of blocks to build your first couple of ships, you have vast options.  You can resize the blocks any way you like.  Want your object long and thin?  You can do that.  Tall and chunky?  You can do that.  Thin, large, up, down, wide, narrow, you can change ALL of these options *on the fly* when building your ships.  You can also save your ships to the template manager, so all you need to do when founding a new ship is pull up that template and poof, you have a pre-built ship, ready to roll.Now if you spend a large amount of resources building a ship, you are going to get a thing of beauty.  You can build your ship however you want.  You aren't limited to just ""blocks"".  Like I said, the more resources you use, the larger your ship is, and the larger your ship is, the more intricate your design will be.  You may not get hard curves on your ship, but pretty close.The mission system in this game is really cool.  You will get random broadcasts for help every now and then, which you will have to largely ignore for the first while until you explore your instance of the galaxy enough to reveal some of the jump gates, and until you get some of the end game materials to build hyperdrive blocks which extend your jump range.  There are also stations which offer missions as well.  You can also just fly to a random sector and start attacking the enemies present there, and in doing so you will increase your standings towards the faction that owns that sector.This game allows you to build your own stations, which are easy to do.  It also allows you to build multiple ships.  I haven't gotten to the fleet management portion of the game yet so I can't say how easy or difficult it is to manage your fleets and stations but I'm sure it's either there, or will be there.There is a vast system of trade in this game.  Every station sells resources, the resources that it produces.  It will then buy resources, the resources it needs for production.  If the station runs out of its needed resources, it will adjust the buy price of the needed resources to high, so that you are more likely to sell what you have to that station.  It's a very solid system, and looks much like the X3 titles.  I'm not sure how automated traders work, as I haven't gotten to that portion of things yet, so I can't review that.In general this is a real mix of minecraft and X3.  It's simple enough to build ships yet it's a very powerful system.  The way the core mechanics works is amazing.  Also, the playable area is VAST, and yet there are several ways of getting around, from jump gates to jump drives.  All in all there are thousands of sectors to explore, many hidden objects, upgrades to the ship, and so many different things to do.  I highly recommend this game."
76561197965010316,Recommended,445220,29499749,Posted: 26 January,all,the3idyankus,"This game is so insanely addictive. It's been a long time since I bought a game and played it 8 hours straight from the start. It has a very small learning curve but once you catch on it becomes clear that the developers made this as easy to understand as possible.Pros:-Huge space battles. I spawned into a galaxy with about 40 friendly ships and then some poor pirates warped in and got absolutely annihilated!-You can craft ships and upgrade them for any number of activities. I have 4 weak little mining ships and my main ship which is an absolute behemoth with monster fire power to protect my other ships. There are so many neat ways to customize your ships so you'll never feel like you're crafting the same ships.-8 hours in and I'm just realizing how much stuff there is to do and I'm actually excited to keep learning more and more advanced features.-I'm running this maxed out at 4k and it looks great and is very optimized. Even during the massive space battles I sit at a smooth 60 fps with a 980ti and I7-4930k.-Enemy ships actually drop great loot and upgrades for your ship so instead of them being a hassle, I actually hunt them out asap.-The galaxy is MASSIVE, each little sector on the galaxy map is a huge area that you can spend hours and hours in. I've only been to 6 sectors in 8 hours and there are thousands of them!-Tons of random events. Aliens, pirates, different factions, rare vendors that sell amazing ship upgrades. The list goes on and on.-Even in single player the game feels so alive. There's usually tons of allied/enemy vessels everywhere so you don't feel like you're just floating through space by yourself.-Setting your ships to escort whatever ship you're controlling makes them also warp to the sectors with you. However make sure they have plenty of power generation because if you warp to a fairly empty sector and want to go to a new one, some of your ships might take several minutes before they can warp with you.-The list goes on and on and the other reviews cover the tons of stuff I've left out.Cons:-Sometimes the ship AI can be a little spastic. I learned the hard way that really long ships aren't a good idea for mining since they have trouble navigating through astroid fields. I recommend making smaller ships for mining and have your fighters escort them.-Some of the sectors are completely empty(or at least I think they are). Not a huge issue but I warped into one that had the thickest pink fog and it was completely barren.Neutral:-I have collision damage turned fully on and I accidentally rammed a rare merchant with my behemoth ship and destroyed him. This one is really more on me but his buddies didn't like that and warped in a bunch of ships and took swift revenge on my most expensive mining ship :(-Once you start making massive ships with large crews they can be very expensive to maintain. Not an issue if you're rolling in cash, but the first time I saw I owed one of my crew 60k I was pretty poor from building so many ships.Overall this is an extremely addicting game that you can play in a multitude of ways. I'm really enjoying creating an armada of ships that can do almost anything I want. If you love games like Factorio where you keep advancing to more complex methods of getting stuff done or you like sandbox farming/killing/trading games then I would definitely recommend that you give this game a shot. You might end up like a lot of us here wondering where your entire day went once you start it up!"
,Recommended,445220,29454390,Posted: 23 January,all,Mercy,"Hey you!I see you going ""Eh, another Early-Access game...""The term ""indie game"" actually rings really negatively in my ears.Those recent ""Indie Developers"" are usually getting absolutely crushed by feature-creep.They tend to use an existing engine for a quick moneygrab, suffer from their inexperience a lot and get nothing done.Avorion is different.Its not a stunning game at first glance, unlike other games (Ark Survival Evolved, Space Engineers, etc.), but the advantage of keeping it simple, not making HUGE promises, is that it's not going to be threatened to fail.(Havent seen any of them deliver the insane promises either. Atleast not in a pleasant way.)Factorio and Rimworld are examples of ""Indie Developer Early-Access"" done right.They kept it simple, they got a solid game.A game that is extremely moddable for all those people that want even more than the basegame.And whats even more important: While these games are indeed ""early-access"", they are fully playable games.Games in which you dont have to constantly juggle around the bugs and glitches.Avorion is absolutely great.I really enjoy seeing working Early-Access titles and sandbox-games with actual gameplay!P.S.: If you ever enjoyed games like X3 Terran Conflict, you really should consider getting this game!Germans seem to excell at two things in the gaming industry:- Making horrible simulator games.- Making awesome Space-capitalist-games!Played this game for 16 hours on the first day of release.Damnit."
76561197992918986,Recommended,445220,29843203,Posted: 11 February,all,RosyUnicorn,"TLDR: If you like space games, like designing ships, and want to be a part of a very pleasant community, this is the game for you!This game has scratched a certain itch I've had since I quit out of the last battle in freelancer (♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t crystal alien mothership). Avorion is what I hoped Space Engineers to become. A game where I design a ship, not because it looks pretty, but to make it functional. Instead of just choosing internals, I also design the size, mass, crew, and role.Avorion is still in BETA, and as far as I know is a very small team of dedicated developers. Already you can create your own small fleets of crafts, and give them orders. You can trade, mine and salvage broken down crafts. You can dedicate hours to hunt down factories to create the perfect weapons for your ships. Or you can explore and do quests for the various AI factions around the universe. The simplicity of the game is part of it's genious.Sandbox games often struggle from the illusion of choice. Contrived reasons to continue playing the game. Avorion has opted for a more open ended approach; simple AI where you, the player got full control on impacting how the game plays out. If you're an imaginiative character, you will find yourself creating your own stories and motives behind your actions. Instead of a text saying ""this faction dislikes you"", you will instead hate the fact that a certain factory you need is located in hostile territory. You can then choose to either build your own station, destroy the other faction, improve your standings with said faction, or try to hunt down another factory in friendlier territory.If you have an aptitude for forums, you can take your game into the real world, and almost work as a shipwright of sorts, designing ships others can take into their game. Server stability and gameplay is already good enough, and you will find a buzzling community working hard at creating great experiences online.Avorion is a fresh breath of air for me, invoking memories of how games used to be designed. A very specific vision, meant to be played by people who share the same ideas. To me Avorion is the simple-mans EvE online. It's the game where I can partake in large scale battles, without spending 6 months grinding away.I love this game."
,Recommended,445220,30673999,Posted: 22 March,all,A Spicy Meatball,"I've been looking for a game like this, since I played ELITE on the Commodore 64 which i received for Christmas in 1984.This space sim is very fun, and in many ways is very similar to the game ""Freelancer"".  Unlike Freelancer, this game does not have a tremendous number of flaws, even though it is still early access.The game allows you to gather resources, trade and sell goods, develop lines of commerce bewteen systems, and of course, TREMENDOUS space battles!  It also has very fun and addictive gameplay.  (I lost ten hours into the game before I realized I had sat there all day long!)Building ships at first may seem difficult, but if you play in creative mode, you can learn how to make some really cool ships, save those designs, and then open them in a regular game.You can make multiple ships that follow you and protect you, make space stations, a hangar bay to hold fighters that you can order to come out to defend you.  You can fight pirates, defend factions who like you, or become a pirate yourself, preying on anything that moves.You can build up your ship on your own singleplayer game, and then host that server online and have people come in.The developers are a very small team that have worked very hard on this project, and I  have to say;  I am greatly impressed.There are, as with any early access game, some issues.I did not experience any issues in the game until I hit 59 hours.  After an update I did end up having an issue that wouldn't let me play any longer in my current galaxy, thereby losing all progress in the main misson sequence.  This really burned my oatmeal, but I got over it because this game is really worth playing.I let that go, but after griping a bit on the forums, I was personally attacked by a number of in-forum fanbois who were rude, unsympathetic, and called me a whiner for my legitimate gripe about losing 59 hours of progress.  I suggest that you stay far away from the forums if you have a complaint, and take the issue up with the developer on their website:https://www.avorion.net/The game is a super great deal on price, (I paid $17.99 U.S.), and for the money, was the best bang for the buck game I have bought in two years.The developer Konstantin 'koonschi' Kronfeldner is a very approachable person, and is very open to legitimate gripes, unlike those on the Steam forums.  Go to him, if you have any concerns, as he will react fairly and decently.Lastly;  this game can be modded; also, the server host can hand anyone, anything.  For these reasons, I suggest that you stay away from PVP, as those who are beaten legitimately with your tactics or skills, will often come back at you after having used mods or helped by the admin to utterly crush you and all your hard work.  Even if you are honest to a fault, never trust someone whose butt you stomped into the ground, to not cheat and then come destroy you.I greatly suggest that you buy & play this game!  if you enjoy co-op or single player, and especially if you love the Elite Series, or Freelancer.  Just never forget:In Space, Nobody Can Hear You ScreamBest regards!Meatball"
,Recommended,445220,29917124,Posted: 14 February,all,Eranderil Nix Grey,"This game, to me, is simply amazing. These are some of my thoughts when I first learned of this game:""Build a ship. Explore the galaxy."" That's been done before.""Use better materials to provide borderline RPG gameplay."" Sounds good, still kinda been done before.""Assign a captain to your ship, and go build a new one. Old ship is now a member of your fleet and will follow and fight/ mine/ salvage with you."" Wait...""Zoom out enough and you can control your ships RTS style, as long as they have a captain."" ... now just a....""And you can claim asteroids build bases and mines on. Or just sell them for a quick buck."" ... but....""But always make sure to get insurance on your ship, just in case you get in over your head- we provide a payment plan."" .... What do I even say to that??These are some of the gems this game has hiding in it. SOME. Not nearly all.I have seen people complain about collision damage, but frankly that's a lost complaint- you can adjust it, or turn it off altogether at galaxy creation. If I had to pick one complaint, it's this: The backstory is rather weak, and its explanations are somewhat fourth wall breaking. But this is an early access game, in a procedural universe, still trying to give you a story with all the other crazy gems it throws at you.Ship/Base design is somewhat tricky at first. At times downright tricky. But the building tools are powerful and flexible. So long as you pay attention to what your ship needs and meet its requirements that is. Otherwise you are likely to find yourself drifting uselessly in space not knowing what went wrong. Ignore warnings and tutorials at your own risk, the consequences can be harsh. Though the game is pretty forgiving of most mistakes. Basically: mistakes will be tolerated, blatant willful ignorance will not.One final point: This game is a MASSIVE timesink. And worse, it tends to inspire a Civ or Minecraft-like ""one more thing"" mentality. The lack of any kind of pause furthers this phenomena. There is a fair bit of grinding involved, but the game has a habit of freshening it up just when it starts getting old. Or throwing pirates and aliens at you at the same time, so you can watch them fight. Its pretty funny.TLDR: Tons of fun, with a lot of content to discover. Very well thought out. Room to grow, but very solid game already with lots of awesome quirks."
,Recommended,445220,29620324,Posted: 31 January,all,Perunga,"Its what I have been wanting for a long time, it feels like old school freelancer with a touch of EVE and Space Engineers"
76561198136438877,Recommended,445220,32163811,Posted: 3 June,all,Black_Disciple,722 hours still not bored so ya.
,Recommended,445220,30609829,Posted: 19 March,all,Chip Patton,"I'm going to start my usual way with this review and get to the bad first.  Let me say this, you're going to do yourself a severe injustice to stop reading at the bad and believe that there is nothing that could get you to buy this game.  So keep reading the good as well and see if that will change your mind.I'll get right down to it:The bad:1) There are bugs -- sometimes those bugs that might make you ragequit like seeing your ship just take off and across space for no reason whatsoever and you're left with the option of a) chasing it down or b) writing it off as a loss. But I've only seen this happen twice in quite a few hours of gameplay.2) It is one hell of a grind fest -- but I approve (most won't which is why its a bad point)3) The random-gen ships are way too blocky and the graphics are ""meh"" (to a degree)4) The starter systems can be war-torn, even on easy mode which means friends joining your game will be immediately attacked in their pod/drone.  The devs need to rethink this and allowing the starting areas to have zero chance of attack so a player can get their first ship before having to worry about pew-pewing.But that is vastly overshadowed by the good:1) The first thing to mention here is I have played a LOT of voxel games and refunded a few as well.  This game's ship editor is unlike any other and allows the most intricate detail to be made on any ship with ease.  I can't overstate that enough and this point alone should be the selling point of this game.  To give you an idea, I'm not good with voxel art, but in 2.5 hours I recreated EVE Online's Venture, to the detail and tp-scale and fully functional.  That's not because I'm an amazing artist, that's because this is an amazing ship editor that allows you to scale every block and shape in three dimensions to exactly how you want it placed, and you can scale small enough, coupled with the use of copy and paste, to make this ""blocky"" game entirely round (hint: someone build a damn deathstar already!!!).  This one point overshadows all of the bad listed above, that's how impressed I was.2) This is a EVE Online clone with Newtonian physics (not fishbowl physics) and build your own ships.  I say that almost literally.  Salvaging? Yep! Mining? Yep. Building Ships? Yep.  Trading? Check, Missions? Check. PVP? Check.  NPC faction wars? Check. Faction & Reputations? Check. Ship insurance? Yep.  Pirates/Rats? Yep.  Player owned stations? Yep! And can those stations be pvp'ed? Yep! Fighters/Drones? You betcha! ----  EXCEPT ----- this game takes it a step farther by allowing you to control your own armada of ships (that you build) and you can give orders to these ships such as patrol the sector, escort me, guard position, !!! MINE !!!  (hint for anti-grinders), Idle (reset of the ai), and passive (ship won't even defend itself).  Your ships will even deploy their fighters if they have them on board and there is a hanger installed to defend itself or attack enemies. Your stations will also generate traffic and money from NPC's. For instance, setting up a water collector station in the same sector as a faction has a farm will earn you mega bucks because they will buy their required resources (water) from the nearest station (which will be yours).  But if that's not crazy enough, you can just jump out of any ship you have into your little ""pod"" and mozy on over to another ship you have to control that or hell, even one of your FIGHTERS!  Now, this game does go one more step beyond EVE, in fact, they answered the prayers of many EVE Online players -- something that's always bothered us -- CREWS.  Yes, this game makes full use of NPC crews that you have to manage and maintain a rank hierarchy for.  For instance, your fighters need pilots and when one blows up, you lose a pilot.  But your pilots also need a sergeant, and sergeants need lieutenants -- you see where I'm going with this.3) Every piece of your ship has a purpose!  That's right and you have to add those pieces in balance.  Adding too many shields and not enough crew quarters will leave you with a useless ship because you won't have the crew to maintain that shield and adding too much mass and not enough thrusters will give you a flying brick.  Everything in this game demands balance and that is something I have yet to see from any other game.  Sure, you can fly around in your badass capital ships, but it's going to be a beast to maneuver and it will take you AGES to jump from sector to sector because the bigger the jump drives (which you need exponentially larger jump drives with the more mass you have on a ship) the longer it takes to charge.4) Some parts of space feel like ""Space"" which keeps immersion and then you hit a pocket of civilization.  This will give the most awesome sense of accomplishment in this game.5) The weapon system and weapon grouping system one-ups Elite Dangerous.  So what do you want? Cannons? Quad Cannons? Triple Cannons? Single Cannons?  What about Lasers? Yes?  And Plasma Guns? Quad those too? What about Telsa Cannons or Lighting guns? Or what about the good old chain-guns?  Oh, and how about Rail guns? Quad? Tripple? Dual?   Yeah -- there are so many guns in this game, I likely missed a few.  Weapons also have random-gen features as well, they're not all static.  Some weapons will have shield piercing abilities, some will have hull damage buffs, and some will have improved distance or damage.   Your ship's upgrade modules also work from this same random principals.6) The dedicated server runs on LINUX.  I'll just leave that right there.7) The music reminds me of EVE, probably too much....8) But here is the kicker and this is aimed at all of you aussies that complain of having♥♥♥♥♥for internet (yes, Yendor, QC, and Imp, I'm talking to you!), this game is 400Mb.I could keep going with about another 6 positives, but you should now have all the information you need to make an informed decision of whether you should hit that buy button or not.For an EA game with the features, it has already, you're only going to kick yourself in the♥♥♥♥♥if you wait for the bug-fixes and price-hike."
,Recommended,445220,32228853,Posted: 6 June,all,Sir Spoony,"Well let me start out by saying ""WHAT AN AWESOME GAME!"".  This is pretty much a game that has everything or most of what is missing from Space Engineers!SOME REALLY AWESOME PROS:1.  You can have huge battles like 25 vs 25 FACTION WARS with little to no lag at all!2.  Your creations can patrol an assigned sector, Follow you around as a fleet, defend a location, attack the enemy or some other options!3. Great Music!4. Diplomacy!5. Your actions effect Reputation of various universal factions and civilizations!6.  Traders visit your sector to buy/sell/trade!7.  Random enemys enter your sector all the time = Rival factions, Pirates and others!NOTE:  Someone stated there is a way to have your creations as an enemy faction, but not sure how this is done yet!8.  You can merge and resize any building piece into your own custom pieceNOTE:  Nice an easy way to build is to make a Energy Generator merged with an Energy Container, Gyro and Shield blocks and so on...   Nice to have all of your most important internal parts in one piece to place and resize at will!9.  Very stable free servers that do not require a ridicujlous computer.  Barely any lag even on my older computer!10.  DEVs that update all the time!Only CON I have is:1.  Building the proper crew per ship can be very taxing and frustrating!All-in-all a great game for the money!  Due to the custom piece building this is the survival builder that actually is only limited to your imagination!I am surprise to say this, but I am going to play this more than SPACE ENGINEERS, due to its stability and multiplayer event friendliness!  Easier to host tournaments and faction wars while streaming and YouTubing!Sirspoony rating:      9.5/10"
,Recommended,445220,29545750,Posted: 28 January,all,Dalorath,"This is by far, the Best Multiplayer space game ive played of this type. There isnt really anything that is exactly the same as it, and it stands alone IMO.I spent the last 14 hours roming the galaxy and builing ships, mining and fighting pesky pirates and other factions who dont like me mining their resoruces.The ship design scheme is great and allows for full freedom of design as long as you gather the resources and gold.You can also craft space stations that specialize in more things then i can think of.You can hire captains to man ships and stations for you automaticallyYou manage your crews and power for life support, and all those types of things.This game is the best of its type ive ever played and its multiplayer :-DThey will be adding player factions eventually so we can eventually start or own kingdoms, and their working on setting up dedicated servers.I havent experienced any game breaking bugs yet after 14 hours of play.The designers are doing a Great job with this one :-DThe crazy thing is, the game is only around 500mb download size.. Its crazy for the amount of possibilities in the game...If you were to take my advice, for the more then reasonable price of $20, BUY THIS GAME! IT is Awesome!!"
,Recommended,445220,29567859,Posted: 29 January,all,Bruce LeedleLeedleLeedleLee,"I bought this game on the release day, after someone recommended it to me.I expected the classic 'early access' title with 2-3 hours of fun and then putting it back in the shelf.When i started the game I was greeted by a clean main menu, and started a single player universe (all procedural generated) and went through the tutorial, which made many things easier, but left some things out, for example how to turn slanted blocks or that you have to hire trained captains to let AI drive your ship.I got my ship up and running (it was a terrible dinghy, but i liked it) and mined some iron i went towards the middle of the galaxy to find that 'Avorion' material and be done with the game. Then i got distracted. Horribly. Instead of just flying to the center, i have built a fleet of mining and warships, and stop for long times each sector to get everything done that can be done. There are random events and distress calls.In this game you can do almost everything (like in Freelancer, just with building your own ships), it even has a top down tactical view for when you command a fleet in battle. You can do trading, mining, scavenging, fight pirates or become one.And this is not even finished. I really enjoy the game, and look forward to what's to come."
,Recommended,445220,29560637,Posted: 29 January,all,Rusyn,"Fought for my faction and died, almost a hundred jumps away from spawn.Have to start over again in my starter drone. At spawn.10/10 would break my keyboard again."
76561198063065396,Recommended,445220,32860491,Posted: 27 June,all,Nowhere,"Review as of 6/27/17------------------------------------Short version: Minecraft crossed with a little bit of Robocraft and EVE onlineLong version:Avorion is a game where you play a little drone plopped into a 1000x1000 grid map of large 3D spaces filled with asteroids and stations that could be hostile or friendly (or both). You can build a ship with the money and resources you gather with one of the best building modes I've seen in a long time. That would be enough for me to be honest, as I am more than 20 hours into this game and I haven't gotten halfway to end-game material, but you can also make additional ships controlled by AI to gather resources or fight with you, build your own stations and build reputation with a dozen or more NPC factions.To break down the mechanics, the resources function similar to minecraft. The better resources are towards the center of the galaxy, but so are more difficult enemies. The building mode is similar to robocraft but ten times better. Mirroring across all 3 axis, undo/redo, copy/paste functionality as well as snap-to-fit features. It can be a little intimidating at first but it's downright approachable after a little practice. Performance wise as well it's quite good. I have onboard graphics and it's only crashed once after I went ludicrous speed (long story).All in all the only complaints I've had are things that are either understandable for an early access game or something they've stated they're working on. Such as player-made stations/ships updating without the player being in the same sector (next update) or better UI (also next update) and the always present maor stuff plz.I you want something to scratch that Minecraft or builder itch this is the best game I've found so far. Will highly suggest even if it is Early Access, and I do NOT do that often.------------------------------------Review as of 7/14/17------------------------------------Now that I've safely poured over the this game in minute detail, I will still repeat what I mentioned before. However if you've read this far into a dense review like this you're probably looking for at least some cons so I don't sound like a pandering salesman. Fair enough.Avorion's performance starts well but starts floundering with 10+ people in a server actively fighting pirates and the like. The game suffers a replayability issue as well. In minecraft you have different biome types and hunger to change how you approach a new game, but with Avorion there's not much of an appeal to start anew. The AI (mainly how you command them, give them orders) has a lot of room for improvement and lastly Avorion's end-game is very....self-driven. Much like beting the End in Mincraft you're not really left with much direction, but unlike minecraft there's an associated maintenence cost for large structures and ships. So you can't build ridiculously large unless you spend (past a certain point well into the game) a good majority of your uptime trading and selling for money.All this being said, I still recommend the game. Because it took me more than a few days to really hit any kind of frustration and the way they've set up factions, station building and many other features leaves a very good foundation. Other than the AI behaviour itself most of any frustrations I can come up with lies either in needed polish (i.e. UI) or more content (i.e. end-game accessibility), classic issues in an early access game.I truly beleive it is playable where it is now. It may not be the next minecraft currently, but I do think it has the potential to be. We'll see!"
,Recommended,445220,34726277,Posted: 3 September,all,Exit,"Started an alliance. We mostly robbed the other faction for tea & other stuff, then shipped it elsewhere for profit.10/9 never felt so british in my lifeanyway it's kind of fun even with little content and some unbalances, updates are on point and devs are ok"
,Recommended,445220,29730934,Posted: 5 February,all,Coldef,Faith in early accesses restored!
,Recommended,445220,29446323,Posted: 23 January,all,Mike Zwo ง℘4ཞ´ʂƙƙ18ʝ,"This game offers everything you would expect about a space game. Get robbed, be a pirate yourself or just help out others and upgrade your ship and crew by farming minerals.Pros:random generated galaxiesHuge Galaxy mapHUGE optimasation for your own shipsyou decide what you want to do (open world)Multiplayer and SingleplayerEasy tutorial, fast to learnCons:no actual goal, needs more Multiplayer elementsMatter of opinion:no AAA game graphicsEarly Access"
76561198136072271,Not Recommended,445220,33540998,Posted: 14 July,all,Teralitha,"The game seems to be similar to Eve Online, but on a smaller scale and with far less features.  On the surface this game is quite fun.  I did enjoy it for 179 hours of course.  But mostly I spent alot of time suffering and analyzing issues and making bug reports/feedback and suggestions.  The devs dont  spend much time communicating with people on the steam forums, but they are reading everything we post.  They have their own forums but most of the activity is on steam.Now... about the game.  Its basically in beta.  I would describe this game as a skeleton.  No meat on the bones.  But it will get there eventually.  But slowly.  Its not a criticism, just the current stage of the games developemnt.There are maybe 4 devs working on this game, tops.  Its not a terrible game and it is quite playable, but it has many issues and I dont see it being ""feature complete""  and balanced for a long time.  But thats just par for the course with a small develpent team.  I hear they are working hard on it though.I have brought up many issues on the steam forum here but I have no idea if the devs read or considered any of them.  (I do now, apparently they read everything, including reviews)1. Game is horribly balanced, economically.  You can build your own stations but its a complete waste of your time and credits currently.  Its something I want to do, for fun and profit.  But its no fun when you dump all your money into it and discover its impossible to make any profit and that you have to baby sit your factories.  I dont mind some baby sitting, but only if I am making a profit.  Doesnt happen.  I have heard its being worked on.2. Graphically this game looks awesome.  Visuals and backgrounds are stunning.3. There are quite a few small ... annoyances and quality of life issues.  Nothing too major, things that you would expect to be polished up before release.4. The creation/building side of this its a bit daunting at first.  The build mode screen is full of things that you have no idea what they are until you find out through trial and error...  and the problem with that is, trial and error is expensive.  Tooltip info is lacking.  There are some tool tips, but they dont give enough info IMO.  Myself and others have resorted to asking the more experienced players for answers.  You can be as creative as you want though, and they even have a creative mode and you can save all your ship designs to use later.5. The game functions as a multiplayer game even if you are playing single player.  So even if you play SP, you are still experiencing MP issues like de-synching.  I havent tried actual MP but I hear is pretty crap right now.  I hope in the future they will break that up so SP is not on a ""server""6. Mining and salvaging in the game is an exhaustive process.  The mining and salavaging lasers you find have an efficiency rating, and thats okay, but when you find large resource nodes and think.. ""wow I now have a ton of.. 'x', but after you mined it, you only actually got a small % of what was there.  Its a big downer to me.  After 179 hours I have not found any such laser giving back more than about 40-45%    That part of the game just ... I guess makes me feel stressed, or worn down.  I think the efficiency scale ought to be upscaled more.   With a minimum of like 30% for the crappiest lasers and all the way up to like 90% for the best of the best.  Mining and salvaging is a major time sink.  And many times, you havent salvaged even half of the enemy wrecks in the area when more keep showing up.  You can build AI ships that help you salvage and mine, but its still all an exhaustive and time consuming process.7.  Spatial physics are way off.  You can hit something with a small projectile weapon and it will go into a crazy fast spin and fly away at lightning speed.  But it only happens to wrecks.  When a ship is still ""alive"" the effects are different.  Its as though when a ship becomes a wreck it becomesw 10 times lighter.8. Collision in this game is brutal.  You can set the collision damage modifier though, all the way down to zero at the start of your game, but you can never change it afterward unless you start all over.9. AI ships look terrible, mostly.  Many are just really long stick shapes that make no sense and are always getting stuck on other space objects and station docks. AI station designs do usually look good though and make sense.10.   Though the player can build stations, there are several station types the player does not have access to, and that is kinda lame.  Right now stations are just a money sink.  Complete waste of your hard earned resources.  Maybe that will change in the future, but right now its a part of the game not worth doing.11. Exploration is enjoyable.  But not rewarding enough IMO.  I think selling the special asteroids to factions should yeild you double or triple the credits you get now.  They are after all supposed to be money makers once built on.  Supposed to be.  I havent seen the AI ever use an asteroid I sold to them.12. I like the combat in general, but I think the frequency is too high, and the difficulty too low. (opinion based on 'normal' difficulty) People have reportedly beaten the end game challenge on insane difficulty with ease.  Though they could be exaggerating.13. The game has no save feature.  You cant save it, to reload it later.  Not even in single player.  The game only saves when you log out.  So... if you happen to make an expensive mistake or you want to goof around and try crashing your ship into things for fun and reload later, you cant.  Its all or nothing in this game.  You are stuck with every mistake or loss you make.  I actually fine with that for MP, but in SP I would like to be able to save and reload to past save points.14. In MP you have no offline protection.  There are a few ""nuetral"" sectors in the game, which are randomly placed that you can log out and your ship cant be attacked.  But if you log anywhere else in the game your assets dont log out with you and you could potentially lose everything.Overall I like the game and it has great potential, but I have my doubts that potential will ever be realized.  I bought it on sale and I do not regret buying it, but I do not recommend it for all the issues this game has currently.  Buy it if these issues dont bother you and you want to help with development by providing feedback/suggestion and bug reports.  If your not interested in doing that, I would wait and follow/wishlist."
76561197985675497,Recommended,445220,29651274,Posted: 2 February,all,DBoone2000,"This is an excellent combination of a sandbox spaceship building simulation, together with a random universe with interesting stories and finds. You can play as miner, trader, pirate and more (which I need to check out).The spaceship building part is logical and uses (mostly) easy to understand mechanisms. You have total freedom in your designs. Furthermore, the mining is much less tedious then in other space games (Elite: Dangerous for example) and the universe is large.I recommend this to everybody who likes to be creative with spaceships (like in space engineers), wants to have an interesting universe (like in the X series or E:D but with more replayability due to the random universe). The graphics could be better, but they are ok and atmospheric, especially in combination with the good music.Remember that this is fresh early access, so there are bugs but they occured only rarely."
,Recommended,445220,31273018,Posted: 21 April,all,jimbobslimbob,"Avorion is a space game that functions as a hybrid of games like Freelancer, X3 and Empyrion (sans planetary landing - which is actually a good thing). You can build your own ships, roam freely through the huge randomised galaxy, do missions, trade, mine, become a bounty hunter or a pirate - it's a lot of fun. You can also get together an entire fleet to command at your will - using additional ships as fighters, miners or cannon fodder. Even at the EA stage, the game has a lot going for it.The basic premise is to journey towards the center of the galaxy. Along the way you will make friends and enemies and settle into a playstyle that suits you best. Due to the aforementioned ship building (which, by the way, is really well done) you can tailor your ships however you want. There is also a loot system for turret and ship upgrades that is well done. There is some basic physics and laws in place - which will hopefully be fleshed out as the game progresses. Space battles already feel quite fun and some of the randomised ships you face off against are interesting to say the least.The building system is surprisingly robust. Modular building exists, where you can save templates of ship sections for later use. You are able to start games in creative mode to tinker about with your ship design where you can save the blueprints for later use in any other games you play. The blueprint system is really well done too - when your ship gets damaged, the game can repair missing blocks based off your saved ship design.It runs nicely and I have not yet encountered any bugs - which is a refreshing thing to see on an EA game. It features single and multiplayer, with dedicated servers. Setting up a dedicated server was my first port of call - and it's really good fun to play with others. There are some nice little touches like an in-game mail system where you can talk and trade while players are offline. You can set up groups, help each other out with resources and share ships.It's nice to see Early Access games that are this well polished, feature-rich and playable. The developers are on to a winner with Avorion and I look forward to seeing where it leads.Jimbo Rating: 8/10"
,Recommended,445220,29472405,Posted: 24 January,all,Neoki,"TLDR: X series meets Freelancer in an open ended EVE online style universe.So I am a longtime space-sim lover, from the wing commander series to Freelancer, The X series, the Earth and Beyond MMO, and even EVE Online. I played Elite Dangerous a little while but it just never clicked with me all the way. I'm also a huge enthusiast of Space Engineers and Empyrion ship construction.So to break it down and make it very simple, this game plays out like a indie version of EVE Online in terms of overall freedom. The overall game aspects are a mesh between the X series of games and Freelancer. Then to crown it you have a simplified ship construction system that allows you to fully customize your ship and find and loot rare mods that have random stats on them with different quality levels.Overall for a first day EA Launch, I have to say this is the best bang for the buck from an EA game I've had on Steam. Lots of content already to keep you busy for hours. Exploration is what drives this game, but it doesn't just solely rely on that, you can zone out and create a mining vessel with auto-turrets, find a huge fat 90K+ asteriod and let your ship just strip it away just like in EVE Online for those carebears out there.Or, you can be a pirate, raid trade ships and grab their loot, or do what I love to do, find a sector with a faction war going on, let em duke it out, and then dash across the wrecked battlefield and collect awesome loots!The choice is yours, lots to do, for such a bargain price, if you're a space sim lover, just buy it."
76561198006507317,Recommended,445220,29487010,Posted: 25 January,all,Rad,"Avorion is an EA titel. It will crash, you will experience bugs. With that being said, it's a great deal of fun.Mix a cup of Space Engineers, Two spoons of Freelancer, just a tiny pinch of Minecraft (Or any block-based game) and shake into a enjoyable awesomesauce.As it's a mixture of them all, it does not dig as deep into a specific genre. You will have to build your ships calculating if a certain amount of thrusters will be enough. But it's not as advanced as Space Engineers. You will  have a living world full of NPC's such as traders and pirates, but it might not be as immersive as Freelancer. And yes, you will have blocks =)And maybe that's why I'm enjying it so much. It's a good mix of fun games but without being hardcore. You can be casual and creative and just have a great time without worrying to much.It's already a great game, and the thing ain't finished yet =D"
76561198033836833,Recommended,445220,31856395,Posted: 20 May,all,Corrupted Bunny,"Avorion in a nutshell:1) Mine iron.2) Build your ship.3) Mine/trade/salvage for a better material.4) Rebuild your ship with better materials.5) Repeat step 3 and 4 ad nauseum.6) Reach the galactic core.Thats really all this game feels like. Each higher material gives a few new options, but ultimately unless you want to build a brand new ship each time, your just retrofitting the same ship over and over again. Thankfully, doing so is fairly painless. Mine the materials yourself, Salvage wrecks (That you may or may not have caused yourself), or engage in large scale trading to get the money to buy materials you need. Often, you have to do multiple of these to get what you want.Reputation is important here, and there are hundreds of different factions you may encounter each with a different opinion of you that you can change over time. Try to befriend everyone or be the galaxys greatest♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ your pick.Mine, build, upgrade, repeat. Similar to starmade, not as detailed as space engineers, nor as simple as Interstellar rift. Ultimately, YMMV."
,Recommended,445220,30224109,Posted: 27 February,all,TigusVidiks,"Truly great gem.After 400 hours playing this, i think i can say a thing or 2 about it.First, let me put something out of the way:This is Early Access done right - and that's positive number one. I don't expect an early access game to be perfect, bug free or set in stone. I expect the opposite. Imperfections, several bugs and constant updates. But it has to be functional, can't be the just a cluster of bare bone ideas of a project still only existant in the developers head. With Avorion it's not such the case, it's all an early access game should be, in my opinion:- A game still in development and it shows, with some bugs, some features still in need of balance, and most of all, constant updates bringing progress to everyone of these issues. Considering it's a one man team indy developer with some part time support of a few friends and colaborators, it's truly remarkable what he achieved.Now with that out of the way, what is Avorion?As the developer himself puts it, it's as if the X series and minecraft had a baby. :)It's actually suprising that no one else to my knowledge had tried this before, and merge these 2 genres, as voxel building opens a ton of possibilities in an X universe. Now don't go in expecting to find X3:Terran Conflict with block building, this is an indy one man team. But it's close in concept. Very close in fact. There just isn't as much depth in the the several X layers of the game, of course.The concept of the game is actually simple to explain. It's the same both in a mulptiplayer server or a single player game.You spawn in the outskirts of a procedurally generated galaxy represented by a huge grid of squares (sectors) and your goal is to reach the center of the galaxy, which will be sector 0:0 (zero:zero).Some of these sectors have Jump Gates and/or wormholes, creating a web of movement paths. Jump gate usually allow movement between close proximity habited sectors, and wormholes are less common and random but cover bigger distances. Without gates and WH you need to move using your hyperdrive (we will get to that).Habited sectors are owned by NPC factions, each with their own temper and reputation, and different stances towards you, that can be altered in all the usual ways - doing jobs for them, helping them in fights, trading with them, and so on.There are also pirate factions, always hostile and often invading other NPC factions, and sometimes even regular factions go into war with each other.There are also the misterious Xsotan, an Alien species nobody seems to know much about, which aparently come from the center of the galaxy.All of this provides a living galaxy, with trading ships and haulers doing their jobs, military ships patroling, trading stations, research stations, habitats, factories, mines, and several differen types of stations, each  with their own functions. In essence, everything you would find in an X game. Throughout the galaxy there are some rifts, impeding direct movement between sectors, and forcing players to look for a path around, or a jumpgate or Wormhole to go over it. And around the sectors in the center of the galaxy there is an actual rift ""ring""  preventing passage,  so the only way to get there is to find  the hidden wormhole to do the crossing.So by this description as you can see, it's an X game to all extents and purposes.Now for the crafting/building part. As I said above, you spawn at the outskirts of the galaxy, and you do so in a small drone. It's composed by a single block of iron and it has 2 mining turrets attached to it. That's it. As you look around, you will imediatly see several asteroids floating around with shinny ore glowing in it and it becomes obvious you should mine to get more resources.There are 7 different resource materials_ - Iron, Titanium, Naonite, Trinium, Xanion, Ogonite and Avorion.In that order, they go from heavier, weaker, less effective, to lighter, stronger and most effective.In the outskirts where you start, you will only find Iron. As you progress towards the center , you begin finding all the other resources in that order as you go closer and closer. So in the end, to find Ogonite and Avorion, the best types of materials, you need to be in the Center of the galaxy.With Iron, you will be able to build your first ship. You'll have to balance different block types to get your ship into a functional state:Hull, Crew quarters (to have room for crew), engines (to have propulsion), thrusters (to be able to turn or stop), Armor, etc. But not too big, because you can't make energy generators yet, and your ship needs power to work.To make a generator you'll have to find some Titanium. And with Titanium you will also be able to build a few new system blocks - generators, energy storage, integrity fields, etc.But then you realise hostiles all have shields on their ships. Better get some. You'll need naonite for that. Do an hyperdrive too while your at it.What about an Hangar to make a carrier? You'll need some trinium for that.""It would be great if these rifts were not always in the way."" Well.. You'll need Avorion for that.So, in short, the better the material, the more advanced systems you'll be able to build. The size/mass of each of the system blocks dictates their stats and effectiveness. And as your ship grows, it needs more crew work. So you will need to hire crew.  Regular crew, Mechanics, Engineers, Pilots, Captains, Lieutenants, Generals, Seargents, Miners, Gunners, all of them in a specific amount, related to the needs of the ship you made.Now, as your ship grows, it will open upgrade slots. The higher the volume of the ship, the more upgrade slots will open. Upgrade slots, you say? Yes.Up to a max. of 15 at this point, where you can fit different types of tech modules. Those modules can be bought or picked up as loot, and there are hundreds of different ones, to  improve the most different variables of your ship's stats you can imagine. From enabling more wepons turrets, to robotic crews, to trading modules, a bit of everything.Weapon turrets are the same, an endless miriad of different types and modes. Weapons are also made of the same materials and benefit from increased effectiveness the better the material, but both weapons and modules are also classified by quality (common, uncommon, rare, exceptional, exotic and legendary), so the best weapons possible would be an Avorion legendary one.You can also build mines and station, if you find a cool and safe enough sector, with some work you can set up entire production chains, by building several factories and mines to feed each other. All of it is built under the same building menu, with voxel blocks, so creativity is rampant all around and getting better by the day-All of this provides very interesting building concepts which require some smart thinking to get the best effectivess for the volume/mass.And finnally, about combat. You can group weapons as in any space combat game, they have different ranges, rates of fire, dps, shield pentration and so on, all of it displayed for comparison. There are chainguns, plasma weapons, railguns, cannons, lasers, rockets, missiles, etc. And every ship, station, rock, asteroids, every single object in the game literally, is made of voxel blocks.So in combat you can effectivelly shot the targets apart and strategically dismantle them. Combat is fast paced, and ships are constantly droping loot as they get shot at, at the very least resources, even modules and weapons when systems get destroyed. There are several mini-bosses with unique loot tied into the game meta-story, so i won't go into much detail about it.Finally, a word for the game community, which i think it's awesome. Great mods, and great designs. MP servers all have their rules set out, either allowing PvP or not, but generally players are respectful, friendly and helpful. Let's keep it that way. Can't wait for a workshop.Cheers.Vidiks"
,Recommended,445220,32899112,Posted: 27 June,all,dhpgamer4816,"This is a decent game but it does get a little tedious mining resources and commanding your fleet but it's manageable,rn I’ve played for a little bit i have 2 dedicated mining ships and 1 op mother ship (heavily shielded) so when i jump into a new sector i command the miners to do their thing and exit my mother ship into drone and command it to attack enemies when they warp in so basically I’m afk most of the time XDanyway i wish there was more gameplay mechanics that made it more interesting but yet again i haven’t reached the centre of the galaxy and there are still a few new interesting things to discover along the wayi do really appreciate building your own ship and finding new ways to design your ship to be more efficient in combat and mining/salvagingalso my wish list to the developersimplementing a way to dock and lock your smaller ships to a larger mother ship in 1 command so they can all jump to another sector together as one vessel so we don’t have to mess around with making a train of ships or at the very least have a way to command all of your ships in the sector to jump with youanyway this is an early access game and so far i haven’t encountered any bugsI’m very happy with this Avorion cant wait to see the game more fleshed out in the future."
76561198030297474,Recommended,445220,29896648,Posted: 13 February,all,Mosszilla,"This game is absolutely amazing! Elite dangerous meets Minecraft in a nutshell. Imagine getting dropped in the vast expanse of space with nothing more than your trusty mining drone to gather materials, design, build then fly your very own spacecraft. It doesn't stop there as you can continue building ships and space stations until pretty soon you have a massive fleet comprised of things you have created. The game features a large variety of Trade stations, equipment docks, turret factories, shipyards, and many more resource specific stations for you to gather goods from or form trade routes between. Everything in the game is comprised of simple shapes/blocks that can independently be targeted and destroyed i.e. engines, generators, turrets and thrusters. Building with dense materials quickly increases weight and slows turning acceleration and deceleration but increases  overall HP. Counteract the slower turning speed with more thrusters or by building with less dense materials. Surface area, size and number of certain pieces contribute to there overall effectiveness i.e. more engines=more thrust, more/larger shield blocks=more shield HP. There are nearly limitless numbers of upgrades, turrets, mining turrets, salvaging turrets, cannons, Tesla cannons, plasma cannons, chainguns, forceguns, lasers each sporting different build materials/special stats/abilities/attributes/. Some turrets auto aim, some do more damage to hulls, some work effectively on shields, some have cooldown, some draw from you ship power supply. Build living quarters for hired crew members then put them to work as a turret gunner, miner, mechanic, pilot, engineer. When you have enough crew members you need to place a few of them in charge as Sergeants, lieutenants, commanders, generals, and lastly captains (which allows ships to control themselves). Building a bigger ships allows you to obtain more upgrade slots which allow you to increase overall number of turrets, make shields more effective, increase engine speed and so on. Missions and random events are common and I almost always find myself doing something to further myself in the game. I cannot stop playing once I get started and will find myself just wanting to get to the next system or unlock the next upgrade slot or build a better hyper drive system, there is always something to do. Early access games left a bad taste in my mouth but this is new and has all of this content already, I cant wait to see what other components/mechanics are added in the future.Do you enjoy space shooters?Do you enjoy exploration/adventure games?Do you enjoy building/survival games?Do you enjoy sorting through piles of weapons to find the one most capable of dealing death?Do you enjoy teaming up with friends to conquer the galaxy?Do you enjoy the sense accomplishment associated with creating and entire fleet of your own spacecraft?Do you enjoy being a space pirate?Do you enjoy murdering space pirates?If you answered yes to any of the questions above you need to get this game! seriously its amazingThe only changes I would like to see are the removal of the loading screens after every hyperspace jump? It really kills the immersion seeing that screen every time I warp to a new location. I honestly would rather just see the particle effect of my ship shooting into the distance or some hyperspace cut scene or black screen anything but the loading screen with various randomly generated ships(awesome feature for the main menu just not between jumps)I would also like to see more RTS elements like way-points for individual ships while Zoomed out so I can send my ships on individual missions/trade-runs/mining runs without having to escort them personally. Maybe even send an alert or message if they are attacked in route so I can micro manage combat once they are attacked?Lastly and option to disable thrusters so we can have an effect similar to true Newtonian physics. It would be nice to point my ship toward a gate, boost, disable thrusters and then drift across the sector until I reached my objective.(the fact that the thrusters always attempt to bring your ship to stationary position can sometimes be frustrating)"
,Recommended,445220,29826805,Posted: 10 February,all,Zarylo,"1. create ship2. grind3. travel4. collect lost modules5. grind a lot more6. rebuild spaceship7. estimate breaking trajectory poorly, crash into a random pirate and loose everything.8. repeat until you ragequit.10/10 would ragequit again(seriously though, give the player more options to protect himself from impacts. And don't teleport them back to the bloody start sector.)Edit: The player can at least avoid being teleported back to the home sector by owning multiple ships. He will get teleported to the nearest one instead.Thank you Mitch(http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198065483618)for pointing it out in the comments."
,Recommended,445220,29499756,Posted: 26 January,all,Tajin,"To put it simple:Freelancer + Minecraft + X3 = AvorionSo far I really like that combination.The game is still in development but already very impressive and it shows great promise, especially in multiplayer."
76561197995190389,Recommended,445220,35011369,Posted: 16 September,all,Phi,"This game is surprisingly addictive and interesting, BUT it also has some serious flaws.The good:- Building your ship is great fun. You can make some really awesome things. I've seen ships from most sci-fi series out there faithfully recreated in this game. Editing a ship to delete something refunds you the money you spent on that thing, meaning you can play around to your heart's content, until your ship is just *perfect*.- Exploring is fun too, at least at first. Although it gets dull after awhile, some part of you will always wonder what's on the other side of that jump/gate/wormhole/etc.- Combat has some great moments. Vaporizing an enemy in a second. Knocking the enemy into spinning like a top. Taking out a boss. Etc.- The community seems friendly, and there's a wiki that covers a lot of stuff about the game.The bad:- Early game combat is a nightmare. You don't get shields until several material tech levels in, and combat prior to that will damage your ship parts, potentially breaking core functions of your ship and requiring slow trips to a repair dock every, single, time. This game is like EVE Online in that you have to spend some time doing boring mining before you can actually shoot anything and hope to survive.- The main English server for the game is ""family friendly"". Translation: you'll get in trouble if you so much as use the word &quot♥♥♥♥♥quot;.  Seriously. This wouldn't be an issue if there were multiplayer alternatives, but there really aren't. There are only about 3 active multiplayer servers with decent population, one of them is PVP, and one of them is in German.- Many of the enemy ships are shaped like spaghetti. Horribly long and thin. This makes them a nightmare to hit, especially because actually shooting them tends to result in them spinning at dizzying speeds, so its rather like trying to hit a paper straw being spun at 7000 RPM by an electric motor - and every time you do hit them, they change speed and/or direction. Stupid.- Mining is tedious. Having a fleet of mining ships to mine for you is less tedious, but managing them is still tedious... and seems to remove the resource constraints from the game in a way that some may find un-fun.- The interface has its good days and bad days. While there are some great elements, like 'auto-assign' for crews... there are also some semi-game-breaking problems, like the fact that fighters set to attack don't attack anything except what you tell them to, lack 'mine/salvage continually' options, and removing fighter bays gives you ghost fighters on your ship that you can neither delete, nor get rid off your crew screen. This meant I was unable to use 'auto-assign' for crews, and couldn't find any way to get rid of the fighters short of deleting the ship containing them, and even then I did not get the fighters back. Similarly with the interface, I never worked out how to deselect a block on the ship editor, how exactly the stats in the editor were being updated, or basic things like how to increase my max velocity. Some of these things I had to eventually resort to the wiki / asking other players for, but this is a major problem because if you're playing singleplayer on a single screen you don't necessarily have the ability to ask other players OR look at the wiki. So, the interface is awkward enough I'd suggest playing multiplayer from day one just so you have people to ask these sorts of questions. As part of this, shipyards REALLY need to come with some sensibly designed bigger ships you can buy. Heck, designs for some staple ships should really be included by default. DO NOT assume that everyone uses the workshop.The maddeningly frustrating:- Interacting with stations is a nightmare. Not only do you have to get close to them to do anything with them, but you also have to get yourself within a TINY distance of a special docking port on the station, and remain there for the entire time you're interacting with the station (during which time you, in menus, can't move your ship). God help you if the station is drifting (e.g: because you bumped into it), because in this case it will never be possible to stay close enough for long enough to actually use the damned thing.- As stated above, some long/thin enemies are so frustrating to fight that I've actually had to change my weapons/etc to auto-targeting instant hit weapons purely to deal with them. This is NOT my preferred playstyle, but the horrible enemy ship designs makes it unavoidable.- Game servers seem to randomly go down at times. Sometimes for minutes at a time. There is never any warning of this.- There is no easy 'creative' design option in singleplayer, and for a game which revolves around building ships, there damn well should be.Overall, this is a bizzarely addicting game. I've played a ton of hours of it over a few days. Once you start, you just don't want to stop. Along the way, though, you'll encounter some bizzare/frustrating things. Hopefully this sort of nonsense is fixed before the game leaves Early Access."
,Recommended,445220,29477806,Posted: 24 January,all,Rico,"Within 2 hours of playing this game, I have to say this is one of my current favorite games.If you've played EVE Online and Space Engineers, Its basically mechanics of both those games put into one. It has the PvE that Space Engineers lacked... It has interesting missions that crop up during play... etc.Totally worth a shot if you like these kind of games."
76561198141570018,Recommended,445220,32648883,Posted: 22 June,all,XenoPotato,"Build a ship, ram it into a asteroid or another ship and watch both of them become trash floating in space."
,Recommended,445220,29945362,Posted: 15 February,all,Crafted,"I thought it looked like crap, but then it became average. All of a sudden it's pretty darn good looking because you start realizing just how detailed you can make your ship- If you want to.You can build the cr*p outta this sandbox game, in your own pace at any time you want. There are quests, but they feel less important than the goals you set for yourself. Don't get me wrong- that doesn't have to be a bad thing.It's d*mn addictive. Play the game any way you want. Agressive, neutral or defensive.Some of the awsome things to do:- Focus on trading. Make ALOT of money by calculating trade-routes- Focus on mining. If you have the gear, you can grind better than Steve (Minecraft). Sell your stuff or use it!- Build any ship you want. If you don't want to hunt for materials, there is a creative mode for infinite building.- Make friends- or enemies. Attack a faction to decrease your standings, or help a faction when they are attacked by another one.- Travel throughout thousands of sectors. Every place you visit- as well as all other ships than your own is procedurally generated!- Wage wars. Seriously, bro. Do it. Just the view of all those AI with battleships fighting eachother is awsome enough, but when you wage war with your own fleet... now that's eye-gasm.The game mostly feel finished, and there are very few bugs. Avorion have ALOT of small, interesting contents and features to it- way to much to explain here.I will never regret buying this game. Noone should.."
76561198071416196,Recommended,445220,30045263,Posted: 19 February,all,[UESC]Avendril,"Okey, I played this game for a while now, and I feel like I can give my opinion on the game by listing the good things and bad things about this game, but let me start by saying, I love this game, Its fantastic.Alrighty, lets give the good things first.The game runs very smoothly, I didn't expect this game to run well since its a early access but to my surprise, I only expirienced one or two crashes for like 70 hours of gameplay, sometimes huge tripple A titles (looking at you AC Unity) crash more often.Avorion has a fantastic ship building system, I played alot of sandbox games in which you could create your own ships FromTheDepths,TeraTech,Robocraft,Space Engineers to list a few. But none had such an astonishing,detailed and user friendly ship building as in Avorion, If you show a bit of creativity you can make whatever shape you want.You can make your ships whatever you want, be it a small quick Frigate, Glass cannon Destroyer or a slow death machine Dreadnought,♥♥♥♥♥♥ you can even make yourself a carrier if you wish to.The amount of different types of weapons you can use for your ship anything from a machine gun turret up to a turret that will pull and push away ♥♥♥♥ing asteroids at your opponents!!!If you don't like mining, you can just build a ship and order it to mine for you or just have mining fighters!!! Same with after the battle,you can salvage everything from your enemies!Center of galaxy isn't a disappointment like in one of the recent games *Cough*No Mans Sky*Cough* no spoilers here, check it for yourselves. :)Okey, since I sucked Avorions♥♥♥♥♥♥dry by now, time to talk about the flaws of the game.The AI of fighters or your fleet captains is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥! They never do what they are told to do, unless you tell them to mine or salvage, they do that just fine, but fighting and not ramming into your back or shooting at you ? What are you mad? But really, the AI for fleets and fighters needs improvement for combat, civil AI is fine, as long as the ship has decent breaking thrust.Your fighters killing each other, I saw this alot during my afk-salvaging times, where a fighter would use salvaging laser on a target and other one would go into the beam killing itself. Also, at the moment the fighters are extremly weak, for some reason they only have 1 hp, even if their stats say 420hp.When you create a station, you should be able to put mods into it. Not saying its a massive flaw, but its annoying when in sectors after the great barrier you make a station with only 180k shield, thats nothing for that place,also, can only have 2 turrets...Talking about sectors, we need an option to make our own faction with out own home sector with all the cool stuff such as Trading post,Equipment Depot and others, I would love to have a fleet patrolling my own sector and having established trading routes, at the moment you can only set up mines.All I can say, This game is a 100% must buy for everyone who enjoys games like From The Depths,Tera Tech,Robocraft,Space Engineers and similar. It provides great entertainment and good replayability, its well made and the only flaws I could find are the ones I listed above. Other then that, its a solid 9/10 with 1 point being taken away for stupid AI. I hope you liked this review! Goodbye!"
76561197977811233,Recommended,445220,29512616,Posted: 26 January,all,A'vee,"I'm having a blast playing this game, so much to do there it's just hard to put it down.While the graphics may not look too good (ships and asteroids are quite terrible, environments are ok) but it stops to matter once you get sucked in. Music is pretty good, relaxed, space themes when you're just out mining stuff, but gets dynamic when enemies are near. The battles are sweet, you can really tell that the way you design your ship matters and the pacing suits me too. In many space games battles get chaotic but not here. The enmies aren't too smart though but at least they don't bump into each other. Apart from that - crafting, trade, exploration, side missions, factions, and probably other stuff as well that I have yet to discover. Co-op feature is a nice addition too, although in such a big world it's hard to actually play together. Perhaps allowing players to trade upgrades and turrets would be a good idea.Also, for an Early Access game, this one is very stable. So far I played 15 hours and have not spotted any serious bugs and it didn't crash or disconnect even once. UI is mostly ok, but there is space for improvement, especially the ship construction (please let us check the selected turret stats!).If you like games such as X - you'll enjoy this one."
32563294853459364,Recommended,445220,29935187,Posted: 14 February,all,ƛƤƤƦЄƝƬƖƇЄ ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ,"Raised my blood pressure to near deadly levels sometimes, but its great to see the devs haven't given up on this game, they respond to almost all the questions their fans ask, Great weapon systems, beautiful planets, building system is pretty hard to get a hold of at the start, but once you do its one of the best ive used. overall i rate it a 9/10I like to call this game ""Yes mans sky"" ahaha"
,Recommended,445220,29728907,Posted: 5 February,all,Mr Brass,Really good game its amazing and ridiculously addictive i love the freedome the game gives you if you want to try it buy it its worth buying !
76561197983900106,Recommended,445220,29470251,Posted: 24 January,all,DeatHTaX,"I happened upon this game going through my ""explore"" option for steam games, and I have to say, from the moment I saw the game preview, I was intrigued.I have never been a fan of ""minecraft"" (if you will allow me to make the comparison) games that involve gathering, crafting, etc. But upon closer inspection, it is really nothing like that at all. There is truly no comparison between the two.This game has been out for about a day now, and I have done some significant tinkering with it (as much as a married man with 2 kids and 4 jobs can tinker) and I am THOROUGHLY optimistic for this game. I haven't bought any game that was pre-alpha, pre-anything since DayZ, and I have no regrets for this purchase.Pros:-Significant Dev Involvement with the community-Plethora of content from the get-go-Quick updates and fixes-Relatively easy to learn-Relatively flexible and adaptable U.I.Cons:-Tutorial system can be a bit buggy-No ""controls"" option for key-mappingin the game yet that I know of-Obviously too early for a dedicated and developed multiplayer system yetSo I would say if you love space, Firefly, Sci-fi, Star Trek, Robovraft, or blowing things up in different universes, you should definitely buy this game. It will only continue to improve as time goes on."
,Recommended,445220,29458526,Posted: 24 January,all,RadGH,"This game has done a lot of things no other space game has done before, but is still very familiar and easy to pick up if you have played space games before. It came out of nowhere for me, and it's loaded with features. I was expecting some 10% complete product but it feels like a solid game. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.*UPDATE: Day 2 of playing, I tried playing multiplayer. Within an hour we've both had it glitch and lose our ships and turrets. Single player seems solid,but don't get it for multiplayer yet.**UPDATE 2: Today there was an update that fixed some multiplayer issues. Played it for a few hours, and it seems to be more stable. I'm willing to recommend this for multiplayer now, go at it!*It's an exciting build-your-own-ship space game with asteroid mining, random events, faction relations and so on. Lots of interesting loot that goes beyond simple stats. I stumbled onto a legendary warp drive with +8 jump distance and several other stats that's worth about 100 times more than the total money I've earned so far, which is awesome! No annoying level requirement, but you do need to accomodate it with enough power and have the slot open. I've also got an item that drains energy in return for removing the speed cap of the ship. Not really sure what that means yet, but it's a whole different class of item versus the ones that just give percentage boost to your systems.This really seems like the first spaceship building game that ENCOURAGES having a giant ship. Most of them just need a small set of modules and then you just replace those. In Avorion, you build bigger and bigger ships to unlock more weapon and tech slots.Apparently you can get fighter ships, which I think are drones? And you can hire a captain to pilot your own ship(s)? And create fleets? I'm not sure how much is NYI. The only feature I have seen that is officialy NYI is boarding. And that's fine with me.It can be unforgiving, especially at the very beginning. But it doesn't take long until you can both defend yourself, and even take on enemy ships. I hope the devs add a peaceful area around the starting region. Played with a friend who got destroyed when building his first ship. It has ruined his impression of the game. I'm sure there will be many bad reviews on the game for people who have a similar experience. I recommend you just try to get through it."
,Recommended,445220,29485828,Posted: 25 January,all,Guru,"It's really good single-player, but the magic happens when you get a dedicated server going, have all your friends hop on or off when they can, and then you get a true persistent universe. Be allies, be enemies, fight (multiple) pirate factions, make friends with locals, build stations, build mining outposts, create fleets, send your ships on missions, etc. After burning myself out on so many poop-grade EA Space games, I finally found the diamond in the rough."
76561198035624342,Recommended,445220,33952072,Posted: 1 August,all,volunteeralex,"This is for the Early Access version.  It's a great game if you like cruising through beautiful space environments in a custom made ship.  Seriously some of the backdrops to this game are awe-inspiring - I can just let my ship float there while I soak in the atmosphere.Quests don't work at the moment, so it's really all about building, mining, and fighting off pirate fleets.Large battles require a hefty computer and I've crashed more than once - especially trying to fight a particular boss which spawns new ship entities every time you take a chunk off.  I've only played in single player and it's been a lot of fun.I play in creative mode for the most part, as I like just touring the galaxy in powerful ships and aren't too fussed about grinding for materials.I like this game for its peaceful exploration, punctuated by the small but fun battles my computer can actually handle.Improvement suggestions:+ More shapes to allow easier ship-building - currently every ship looks like a pile of blocks without significant time investment.+ Fix the quests - Giving solo players something to do beyond improving their ship would be great.+ Add some more variety to the backdrops/soundtrack - they're already a massive strength for this game, and I think they can be really pushed to provide one of the best space atmospheres out there.Edit: To clarify my PC is about 6 years old now.  It's not powerful enough to run Fallout 4 for example, so if you've got a more recent rig I'm sure you'll have a better time with the larger battles than I did."
,Recommended,445220,29508432,Posted: 26 January,all,Zii'lyeh,"I'm generally reluctant to recommend early access titles, but Avorion seems to be a different cut from the many buggy, never-to-be-complete messes out there.It could best be described a a mashup of Freelancer, X and a generic block survival game, all in a full procedural galaxy with similarly procedural factions and ships.  You start off in a tiny drone, go through a quick tutorial telling you how to fly, mine (point and hold), build and maintain your first ship, and are let loose into the world. Soon you're provided an overarching goal in the form of reaching the center of the galaxy, which I'm nowhere near as of writing this.There are many, many sectors to explore and while a good chunk of them will be empty, your map does give you indications of where interesting things may lie. In your travels you'll encounter pirates, legitimate governments, aliens, miners and other NPCs living their lives, occasionally fighting in spectacular fleet battles reminiscent of Battlestar Galactica or Eve. Over that period you mine ever more advanced materials, unlocking modules such as shield generators, hangars and hyperspace cores that increase your jump range.  Minecraft in space type stuff. You're also able to hire crew that (if trained) improve your stats, or in the case of captains allow you to command ships remotely. There's also a system in place for stations, although I've not played with that as of yet.The controls are quite simple to learn, although the Newtonian flight mechanics take some adjustment. By design, forward thrust will almost always be greater than rear - so until you've adjusted it is ridiculously easy to overshoot, although you can also in most cases avoid a collision (or flip the ship).The game is extremely well optimised, and looks good. I've had no issues with performance at all detail levels and resolutions. The aesthetic reminds me of Eve and in particular the X games, with large background planets cloaked by gas clouds or dense asteroid fields as the norm. The design of some of the gameplay mechanics as well as ships and stations reinforces this feeling strongly, and the soundtrack would easily fit into both games.My main complaint with the game lies with the UI - while there are some brilliant mechanics, particularly in terms of ship building allowing you to copy, paste, undo and FREELY scale almost all blocks, the main game screen is sparse and lacks what I'd consider critical information, such as bearing (would it kill you to put some numbers by the bars guys?). Interaction between different game system can also be clunky, such as when you're trying to hire crew but have no way to tell how many crew of each type (and there are many) you have. Short of exiting the station interface and going into the ship screen. These kind of issues harm an otherwise good game, although the devs are known to be reactive to community feedback and the game is still in early access.In conclusion, a strong contender in the space game category with an appeal to those who enjoyed the big space games of yesteryear, and a layer of icing on top in the form of coop multiplayer. The clunky interface pulls it down, but I recommend it regardless.Also: Flip ship button plz"
76561197993480846,Recommended,445220,31308205,Posted: 22 April,all,The Jesus,"This title has a lot of potential and it's seemingly on the right track.However, there are some frustrations and some really wonky elements that are hampering it in its current state.These negative elements include the inability of your fleet to follow you through jumpgates more than one at a time, and a galaxy where the individual star systems/locations freeze when the player is not present.Therefore, you cannot take more than one ship with you if you choose to traverse space without a lot of headache and expense.  More importantly, if you leave a location where you constructed a factory or mine (extremely expensive investments), those economic engines are in a state of stasis while the player is away, nothing happens except that they consume credits in order to maintain them.  Obviously this is a huge problem for a game predicated on space trading and economic empire.That said, there is the framework in place for an excellent game.  The shipbuilding is fun, the mechanics for mining, salvaging, equipping and staffing your ships works well.  The faction system has a lot of potential and combat is entertaining.If the economic and travel aspects of the game are better implemented and the faction/political system is fleshed out I can see Avorion being favorably compared to Mount and Blade: Warband in space.  And that's not a bad thing."
76561198046407429,Recommended,445220,29707675,Posted: 4 February,all,Smedium,"I have to say this is one of the best space games I've played. Most of them I get bored of playing very fast and this does include the X games. I feel that being able to build your own ship and the design affecting it's performance really adds to the gameplay. I also like the ships that shipyards will build for you if custom builds arent your thing or you want to dive right into the game. Today I destroyed a pirate shipyard and a pirate factory and made 24mil credit in cargo just from the factory. I didnt salvage for loot in shipyard. That alone was worth the 17.99..... I finally made a difference for the good guys!!!!!! Some say salvaging isnt worth it, for me it allowed me to make my cruiser sized ship woth 20k HP just in shields, 1200 dps using 3 exceptional tier laser turrets 484 damage per laser, leading me to my 24mil account. Many other players have some great exploration stories of huge derelicts they have found and the tips on loading screen said some can be made operational again hmmm..... Long story short, Space engineers, Elite Dangerous, Starmade, and the X series had a huge ""social gathering"" and created this masterpiece. I am excited for the future of Avorion. Devs thanks for 100hrs of enjoyment!!!!  If you read this far, pick up the title, it's worth the 17 bucks all day. awesome community as well, very helpful and responsive.... I'm so buying my son a copy when i get his computer here in a few weeks!!!! Back to wiping out a pirate system LOL"
76561198124107137,Recommended,445220,29466088,Posted: 24 January,all,Ladyhawke76,"Im very, very impressed with this game. It really has more then a few similarities with the X-Games, all the stuff we loved about them seems to be in, and some things are in that we always wanted in X (Multiplayer (!), your very own designed ship with all freedom of building it like you want it!). Of course, the graphics are a not that good as in X3, but Egosoft has a lot more designers and programmers, and this is the product of mostly one guy, but considering this he did a hell of a job. The Universe is really pretty, and the music is very chilling and athmospheric as well, it reminds me really a bit of Alexei Zakharovs Compositions for TC. After the great dissapointment of Rebirth, I'm so happy with Avorion.The content even at this early stage is already amazing, the behavior of the ships, depending on how you build them....Multiplayer: Works like a charm, very very smooth, connections are made within seconds over LAN, you can tell someone really worked on that.I can only recommend this game to everyone who loved X. The Price of 18 Euros is more then fair and a little one compared to what you get."
,Recommended,445220,34760763,Posted: 5 September,all,FireFox,Want an EVE Online-like experience with ease-of-access but without the difficulty or learning curve? Want to build your own ships and stations and outfit them to your hearts content? Want to run your own Multi-player server and have access to Single-player? This is the game you're looking for.
,Recommended,445220,29650183,Posted: 2 February,all,[Z]eldin,"This might be one of the best and most ""complete"" Early Acsess Games i have tried, a part from a few flaws here and there wich are just things i would like to see in the game in the future.(And many are sure to come)Very addicting game with a pretty fast learning curve. I have played a good 50+ hours in this game and there is still alot to discover and try out.Do you want to build a big cargo ship and trade with the factions, go ahead.Or do you want to build a big mining ship and mine asteroids and sell it for profit, go ahead.Or do you simply want to make a huge battleship and destory everone you see, go a headWhy not do them all? Build countless ships and make fleets and order them around.You have got a lot of options on how to play the game.8.5/10 as of right now there are still alot to come, and this game has got some serious potential."
,Recommended,445220,29584052,Posted: 30 January,all,Ali Bomaye,"My first impression onAvorion:While this game is in early access status, it delivers a solid game mechanic already. First you see is a mixture of blocky game with a — in my opinion — beautiful surroundings.As soon as you get into building your first ship you will quickly notice, that while being blockylooking, it has a lot of mechanics and numbers and makes it very sound. The crew system is nothing special but absolutely necessary to have for a good immersion and to have a feeling of how big your ship is, because you will not see the size of it since everything mostly is blocks.While everything seem to be fantastic, I have still one thing to get off my chest: Tutorial is a good start, but the game should go further into mechanics likefighting, salvaging, trading, building turretsand what not.This game also needs more stuff to be done when it comes to handling the spaceship. It needs additional HUD giving information to which the spaceship is accelerated to/from.I will try and update this into a real review when the game gets developed further.I'd rate it currently 4/5."
76561198142502873,Recommended,445220,35079430,Posted: 20 September,all,Digitgidgit,"With over a thousand logged hours into this game I figured id finally write a review, Thank you for making such a lovely game, Ive spent hundreds of hours perfecting the look of my ships, even with the random CTD and other bugs still one of the very best games ive played in a very long time."
76561198006959273,Recommended,445220,32885841,Posted: 27 June,all,Lightedchaos,"Doest it taste good?Does it scratch the itch?Tastes like a chicken, and i feel no itch anymore.It's early acces game, there are bugs. Bugs need squashing.But game otherwise is very good.9/10 would crash into the teleporting asteroid again.Oh, and you can build your own space ship!Buy it if you are in any love of space games."
,Recommended,445220,31568980,Posted: 5 May,all,BIG_nasty,"First review for a game, ever.  Why now?  It's beome an imperative because these developers have nailed it.  This is the best ""NEW"" game (EA at that) I have ever purchased in over ten years since I first installed Steam.  I've been waiting a long time for a game like this to be entertained/developed.  There is ""literally"" no limit to what you and your friends could achieve in this game.  The possibilites are endless.  Well done, just wonderful really."
,Recommended,445220,30747736,Posted: 26 March,all,Supertard,"100% worth it. Even in Early Access. This game performs extremely well despite being alpha status. The gameplay is exciting and challenging. It's definitely worth playing online with others. When you get into massive space battles with a few buddies and dozens of enemy NPCs it's just awesome.This game is the love child of EVE and Minecraft.Protip: To make a ton of credits really fast, just jump from sector to sector and sell asteroids."
76561197983889958,Recommended,445220,31713352,Posted: 12 May,all,Anubitfire,"LOVE this game!   This is one of those, ""just one more asteroid, oh crap, it's 2:00 A.M., how-the-hell-did-that-happen?!"" kind of games.  The building mechanics are solid and way more forgiving then Space Engineers (though I love that game too!) the Multiplayer is solid and with the new Aliances mechanics, they are better than ever.  As you can see I've played the crap out of this game and the only down side I've seen so far is that controling muptile ships and fighters is cumbersome and sometimes things go horribly worng as a result.Solid game 9.5/10 would and have bought coppies for my friends!"
76561198042854721,Recommended,445220,29449456,Posted: 23 January,all,DELTAGOD,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥... is all I can say about this game. From the start I was pretty unsure on if this purchase would be worth it but after only an hour and a half I have decided that this is one of the greatest early access I have ever purchased.When I first landed in the endless procedural space that is Avorion I was skeptical about the positive reviews, but since then I've melted time into this game. Watching pirates get melted by a friendly stations turrets to raiding freighters, it's all a beautiful and awe inspiring experience.From the fluid and engaging building to the fleet controls and fighter hangers I am hooked.This is a great deal for the content you get. Not to mention the game will only get better from here."
,Recommended,445220,31775906,Posted: 15 May,all,Tiillo,"Let me start off by saying that I purchased this game twice, the first time I ended up refunding it due to not being too sure on how to start out, but then after thinking it over, I bought it again, and boy am I glad I did!This is an amazing game. The atmosphere and soundtrack are fantastic and fit right in to make the gameplay perfect, there are only a few real issues that I am hoping the devs will work on, the first of which being the unreliable multiplayer. Most servers with a decent population are absolutely destroyed by lag and crashes, due to this game not having the best server optimization, but it is still very enjoyable to interact with other players (almost always through the chat, since finding another player by chance just about never happens, and any player meeting are usually agreed upon by both parties, so the PvP is nonexistent). The only other con that I have found is that after getting to the end game, and after having unlimited resources/credits, there isn't much to do other than wait for new players and give out donations. Other than those two problems, this game is superb, and is so much more than you can see in the screenshots... if you are on the fence about this game, jump off and give it a try!"
,Recommended,445220,29656546,Posted: 2 February,all,Kizuna,"Had a great time playing this game so far. 30 Hours in so far, and not bored yet. Combat is quite fun and the exploration is nice too.Some minor criticisms:- Crew Pay seems a litlle overly high to me, I'd like to see maybe a 20-30% reduction on that.- The building system could use some work; it's usable but I'd like the ability to place a block on it's end rather than it's center (In other words, if I want to place a beam on a block with most of the beam extending off of the block, it's a hassle to do so.) This could be fixed by adding a function to hold a button (say Alt?)  in build mode, and it would slide the block so that the point where your mouse is ""connected"" to it is variable.Additionally, I would very much like the ability to orient blocks diagonally, for building purposes. It would greatly boost the ability to make aesthetically pleasing ships, and if coupled with the ability to place turrets and other blocks on diagonal surfaces, more functional ships as well.- Colision Damage sometimes seems to be pretty fluctuating - sometimes I've ran into things at a reasonably high speed and taken a significant amount of damage, other times I have bonked into an enemy ship at low-medium speeds and had my entire ship get destroyed. For the time being we've simply turned colision off, but I'd like to see a bit of improvement there as well.- The ability to zoom out and see an entire sector at once is very useful, but limited because you need to zoom back in to give an order to a ship once you've selected it. I would like to see this changed.Overall, I've immensely enjoyed this game and will continue to play it."
76561198302598327,Recommended,445220,29726457,Posted: 5 February,all,jessica.kaine,"Excellent game , X universe in Lego with suprisingly good combat. Buy it now ! Pew pew pew !"
,Recommended,445220,29456512,Posted: 23 January,all,CappleApple,"Best game of 2017 so far.This game is nearly impossible to put down. Worth every single penny.If you are looking for a way to waste the rest of your life playing one game, this game is for you.Idk what else to say. Get the game. You will not regret it."
,Recommended,445220,29725968,Posted: 5 February,all,Amaro Kai,Probably has one of the best custom voxel ship designers out there to date..    You are really only limited by your own imagination.   A must for the library of any ship designer.http://steamcommunity.com/id/amarokai/screenshots/http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/87094171446382025/E453ED6794A63837539E715263E0888ABAFD56D4/
76561198145972814,Recommended,445220,29553835,Posted: 28 January,all,Lucid_Raven,"It's hard to find the words to describe this game. In all truthfullness it has the potential to be one of the best games i've ever played of this genre. Thoroughly enjoy all the aspects of the game. Props to the developer on making something that these big game companies have failed to do, pat yourself on the back and be proud of yourself. 10/10 because i haven't felt a crave to play a game so much until i found this."
,Recommended,445220,29553049,Posted: 28 January,all,thelonehazmat,"Game that seems to fill the void left by other voxel space games. That being, that it is actually a true space sandbox that feels like freelancer and the X series games but has a touch of spaceship design. I would recommend trying out the demo on the website first although it is well over a year old for test of the feel."
,Recommended,445220,29729020,Posted: 5 February,all,Grampa TF2,"For what I've played so far I must say, I'm quite impressed with the game so far.No...I love it. It's really great!"
,Recommended,445220,29763122,Posted: 7 February,all,gamerpaddy,>played for 30 hours straight>got tritium xanion and all that♥♥♥♥♥♥in my ship with lots of exotic upgrades>rammed an tiny asteroid with 300m/s and lost everything10/10 would play 30 hours again
,Recommended,445220,30355004,Posted: 6 March,all,PorkAndGames,"Never thought I would say it, but this game has ruined Space Engineers for me.  It's just too well done, too fun to play, and does everything I have been waiting for Space Engineers to do since early 2014.  Plus, this game is WAY more accessible.  Super recommend.  The ship building is detailed and intuitive;  just complicated enough to keep things interesting and fresh, and the NPCs and purchasable crew concept makes the game universe feel much more alive than other space sims.  The flying aspect of ""sprinting your ship"" into the screen also makes what would ordinarily be boring flying fun.  Unfortunately, when a game is this good, four copies must be purchased (one for every household player).   Not a problem with this game... well worth the money."
,Recommended,445220,33447014,Posted: 10 July,all,The.Tylko,"I don't know how to say it.  Just about everyone before me has said it far better than I could.  Its the great core concept of the X series mixed with minecraft and Space Engineers.  You can design just about any ship you can imagine.  The minute you discover that you can change the grid size, the scale size, you realize it:  Any ship you can think of, you can build it.  And then you can blow other ships to hell with it.  Or them.  You can build, and field, multiple ships.  There is a monetary balance to it, of course.  Crews run ships and more ships equal more money.That's all I can think of for right now and I 100% recommend this game."
76561197972275625,Recommended,445220,30810089,Posted: 29 March,all,okster,"Written while it was in EATL;DRBuy this if minecraft-in-space sounds like your kind of genreBuy it if you like: Starmade X3 Stellaris MOO etc..Read the RPS review and then dont listen to one thing the reviewer says - they obviously do not appreciate the genreThe Good:* Unique building controls - both this game and StarMade have done a great job with the way you build, and neither of them did it the same way* Pretty* Quest system (still in development)* Active development, and a dev that listens* You can build very attractive ships - unless you are me :P* If you are me - you can build ugly ships that do exactly what you want :))* Fighting* Trading* Station building (take part in the economy)* Diplomacy (a little limited at the moment)* and ofcourse Building ships your wayThe Bad:* a bit grindy - but then, what do you want from procedural sandbox space exploration* economy still needs work - but already seen improvement* stations dont manufacture when you are out of sector (seems to vary a bit tho)* you can be lucky and find stations that will let you easily trade up to 100's of millions of bucks* you can be unlucky and not be able to find goods to let you build specific turrets anywhere (soo many different goods)* Occasional crashes* Balance issues maybe - depends how you play* AI factions dont have a lot of personality yet* Meh. cant think of much elseConclusion:What you missed my opening TL;DR ?"
76561198129429418,Recommended,445220,29717155,Posted: 5 February,all,VentingFungi,"With around 40 hours now invested, and 2-3 dozen ships destroyed either by opposing factions, or by colliding with asteroids, or space stations, i can say without hesitation this will be one of my very favorite games, there are so many mechanics already at play here, and the fact that i just learned i can hyperspace jump around 39 hours in, just opened up a HUGE game play gap that i wasn't experiencing, 9/10 for me, i really hope the devs take this in an amazing place.The building in this is nearly infinite, and that is what has really drawn me in, I really can't say enough about this game, it's amazing and you need to buy it!"
,Recommended,445220,31004501,Posted: 7 April,all,Mr. Ruick,"TL;DR If you like voxel games, but wish you could build space ships, you'll like this.Pros-customizability with the size of blocks-versatility with block types-can build big %#@ space ships-incredibly large procedurally generated galaxyCons-the game is rather grindy in the begining, not have up-to-snuff weapons and having to find t2 material makes for a boring start-combat at the early game is rather boring, nothing you fight early on can't be defeated with hit-and-run tatics-full collision damage will make you crySo far in my 14 hours of playing, the game seems well built, easy to get into, and has all the information for you to get better at it available from the get go. Unless something major jumps out mid-end game, Avorion seems worth the $18 dollar price tag. I am definitely looking forward to seeing where the devolpers are going with this game."
76561198023948040,Recommended,445220,33943777,Posted: 1 August,all,ratified_addendum09,"I highly recommend using the controller for this game, as much as possible, or the mouse and keyboard will wear you out. Naturally as far as I can tell, you need the keyboard too, but as far as just ship flight and battle in sectors, use a controller, otherwise you will find yourself developing carpul tunnel far faster than naught. Other than that, for the price in my humble opinion it's awesome, or in the least very visually appealing and for those possessed of some degree of creativity and instinct for building mechanics and balancing needs on a ship used to fight worth the experience. May the vastness of open space be more than a tomb, but inspire awe and wonder on your way to pirate ambushes galore."
,Recommended,445220,29528393,Posted: 27 January,all,DarkHoodness,"Perhaps what No Man's Sky should've been? Except you can't land on planets. But that doesn't matter. :PStart in a tiny drone, mine minerals, sell some of them for cash, use the rest to build your own ship (which doesn't have to be blocky if you're creative enough!) - Or alternatively, buy a pre-made one in-game, or import one from a friend. Hire and manage your crew. Trade goods between sectors/factions, or fight pirates and sell their loot. Explore a procedurally generated galaxy, do simple quests, find treasure, and better materials and weapons to upgrade your ship - Or even command a whole fleet of your own ships.Incredibly fun game, with co-op/multiplayer, too. :)I'm liking it a lot - Most of my playtime has been spent importing and rebuilding some ships which I designed in other voxel games, and it's been nice to actually have a reason to do PvE things with them afterwards, which those games didn't have.Bear in mind it's a little buggy at the moment, and some of the features seem overly complicated, but that's to be expected considering it's early access, so perhaps wait a bit and check on this title later if that's an issue for you. Also something to note is that the PvE is basic (with hidden depth), and some of the quests can be hard to find and then get a bit grindy - Although it's not the only thing that the game does, so you can't really expect more than that. It's a very great game otherwise. :)"
,Recommended,445220,32866077,Posted: 27 June,all,euoe19,"the game allows for any ship type, size and style lots of fun to play. It could however use scalable weapons to help improve the look of some ship designs but it is still a good game."
76561198052566279,Recommended,445220,33706567,Posted: 21 July,all,Ghost,"This game has the start of a great game but please Dev's fix this lag issue it almost makes killing ships,fighting in faction battles, and pvp pointless because of the lag, it gets so bad for the entire server alot of ppl just log off. Also not sure if this is planned or not but having a way to manage the allaince inventory would be great like folders maybe or sections this would be great for funds like ship building fund or station fund so it's not all just dropped into 1 giant inventory. Last thing of course would be to make the stations worth having..Thanks for a great game tho I have really enjoyed it, it just needs some quality of life things added to make the game last longer"
,Recommended,445220,33920304,Posted: 30 July,all,Stroginator,"What a fantastic game!In the first hour I had feelings close to those experienced during my first moments of Minecraft. Incredibly difficult to start out in, I worked for 3 days to mine, explore and learn all that I could and only then was I able to build a worthwhile ship.Highly recommend, but understand it's EARLY ACCESS and the content isn't as deep as it will be. Also bugs."
,Recommended,445220,29727906,Posted: 5 February,all,UnholyCarnifex,"This game is Early Access but it is also pretty polished for being EA.  If you have ever played any X series games, Space Engineers, or ED;  you will enjoy this game as it has similar mechanics found in all three.The building system is pretty simple to learn though it does have a few hiccups that you have to apply work arounds to at times so you can build that awesome ship you envisioned.  Construction materials and ship strength is gated behind your exploration, which is a neat touch.  You start in a sector with plenty of Iron and some Titanium, these materials will get you off and running.  As you progress closer toward the galacic center your available materials become a higher grade.  This means that your ship gets stronger, but so do the enemies.  It keeps everything pretty well balanced.The trade/production economy is still young and being improved on.  The main difference here at the moment is that once you leave a sector everything in it gets frozen.  This means that you stop generating material from mining/salvaging and your stations do not generate money from goods being sold.  There are plans to fix this as the Devs coninue updating the game and add features.  This difference isn't game breaking by any means but for some it could be a reason to hold off until the feature is patched in.Combat is a lot of fun and feels balanced.  Most times you can easily take on 2-3 enemies as long as you play smart and don't try to tank the damage without shields (you can get those by finding Nanite and building a Shield Generator block).I'm not going to cover combat tactics you should use as half the fun is figuring out what works for you and what doesn't based on your play style!Random Events right now can be a little over tuned with the frequency but not the difficulty.  You will have pirates warp in and start attacking you or the npcs.  You can have aliens show up and do the same thing or you can even see faction on faction fighting.  In any of the scenarios you have a few choices, fight, run, or watch it unfold.  Any choice is the right one, it is all up to what you want to do.Mining and Salvaging can feel a bit tedious but these tasks can  be passed off onto your AI controlled ships or fighters.  I would suggest that you find mining or salvage turrets that have the Independant Targeting attribute.  This means that you can group them and set thier targeting to Auto and they'll work without you needing to fire them.  All you have to do then is fly next to the asteroid or wreck and let the turrets do the work for you.  The AI can feel a bit buggy with what it chooses to target at times but it isn't broken.  If your turrets are trying to hit something too far away just target the object you want them to hit and set their targeting to ""Attack Target"" and they'll focus that untill it is gone.Overall I highly recommend this game, as it is in a great state even as Early Access.  You can't beat the content you'll recieve for spending $17.99 USD.  There are plenty of games priced way higher with less to do and no replay value."
76561197969989503,Recommended,445220,29943079,Posted: 15 February,all,Endless Summer,"Procedurally Generated X3 with Diablo loot drops, ship customization, and RTS mode.Why the blazes have you not bought this yet?"
,Recommended,445220,29599530,Posted: 30 January,all,Gabeux,"Albeit Early Access and not yet finished, Avorion is definitely worth its price for anyone who likes sandbox and space games.Fans of X, Freelancer and StarMade, and maybe even fans of Elite, Space Rangers and Space Engineers might want to keep it on their wishlist/watchlist.The game is a sandbox, open-ended game with a basic story and a little lore behind it. The ability to quickly put some blocks together to make a ship and be ready for intense combat is really awesome, which makes it the most quick-action quick-fun  space game I can remember - space-themed games are usually extremely time consuming, but an hour or two in Avorion can already bring good fun.Coming from someone who already played StarMade and Space Engineers, it really is a relief.It has an economy and different job postings found on space stations. You can also build your own space stations and manufacture your goods, supplying your own stations.You can have a fleet of mining ships, or mine yourself and sell to stations (including your own). You can have a military fleet, or set up ships to guard locations or escort yourself.Automated Trading ships are currently not implemented, except for AI-faction ships.Of course, you can skip empire-building entirely, and play the game as a lone mercenary, trader, warrior, explorer..the flexibility of that and the respective rewards for each playstyle are really cool, even at an early state.Unfortunately, trading is insanely overpowered compared to fighting, due to the low level of AI trading activity and no background simulation on singleplayer.You can customize your ship by building it out of different materials, as well as equipping it with different System Upgrades and Turrets - this is simple yet extremely versatile.The same can be said about the in-game ship editor: REALLY easy to learn, but with a decent number of features that will make building much easier.There's currently not a huge amount of story and lore content - expected from most space-themed games but, weirdly enough, not expected at all from sandbox games - which I really hope to see more of one day.There's multiplayer! Which is amazing to finally have a game of this kind and scope to play cooperatively. Props to the developer, honestly.Even though I haven't bumped into many bugs, the one or two issues I bumped into (server crashes that causes rollbacks in your position and CTDs in rare, insane overcrowded sectors) are extremely frustrating - and currently being investigated and fixed by the developers.In this regard, it's much more polished (considering its scope) than many other Early Access titles.Since Avorion is still in development, I cannot simply fully recommend it. There's important features that feel halfway done that I'd still wait to see its final implementation.But you should definitelytry it out for yourself(not sure how up-to-date is that demo) and decide.Thanks for reading!"
76561198027241171,Recommended,445220,29479383,Posted: 25 January,all,Atzelo,I rarely write reviews but i feel like i must for this one.  I like the concept and i can forgive some issuess i may encounter cause early access and all. Paying the game for me feels more like an investment for a better future for this already well/almost made game. Be aware though tutorial will leave u with many questions wich i dont really mind. What i do mind though is that i cant see my ship's velocity on flight and (if im correct) why the hell i cant modify an existing block in editor?
76561197987016601,Recommended,445220,29568650,Posted: 29 January,all,8015,"Considering this is a very early 'early access' as of now, I have to say its very promising and fun already. Also the performance is ridiculous, it runs very very well even when there are huge battles going on. One thing to keep in mind is that atleast for me building pretty ships like in the trailers was very hard. More than other games this game relies on upgrading your ship not just by changing modules or replacing your guns, but the actual shape of your ship changes. Since blocks are destructible though you really want some systems on the inside, like energy, crew or shields, which makes it hard to ""grow"" your ship depending on its form."
,Recommended,445220,35095824,Posted: 20 September,all,ferdal1,"If you like sandboxes, space, Minecraft or open games in which you are free to do whatever you want to, then this game was made for you.Wanna play as a trader, making a huge ship with lots of space for merchandise? You can!Wanna be a pirate, destroying every single ship you find and then selling their components later? You can!Want to be a bounty hunter, hunting pirates to earn that sweet reward? YOU CAN! Freedom of choice is the best way to describe this game. Be creative, and you can have hundreds of hours of fun.11/10, this is a masterpiece."
76561198059673342,Recommended,445220,33797234,Posted: 25 July,all,Anthony AyeDog,"I'm absolutely loving this game. Even though it's early access, sometimes it just doesn't feel that way in terms possibilities.Give them game a go even at early stage and you won't be disappointed."
76561198090886317,Recommended,445220,33914198,Posted: 30 July,all,Pobblebonk,"Graphics:  7/10Gameplay:   8/10   (Still some bugs, but I really like it)Story:   4/10   (Nice ideas but its just boring to play. Without google it would have been hard for me to get what i have to do)Building mode:   10/10    (by far my favourite ship building game)Workshop:     10/10-> 7,8/10but for me this wasn't a game I played for the story. I give 9,5/10.  Not 10/10 because of some bugs."
76561198098473112,Recommended,445220,29451876,Posted: 23 January,all,TheMajesticOwly,"my god this is so good. the way it feels, the way it plays, the whole consttructino process looks amazing. ships look alive with windows and other decorations, and the amount of difficulty levels are just insane. tutorial is nice and easy to understand, and the whole process of getting a ship, naming it, upgrading, insuring it, it just feels so good. 5/7."
,Recommended,445220,29478137,Posted: 25 January,all,TheDyingSun,"I haven't gotten too far in the game, but I'm liking it so much that I felt I should leave a positive review and a recommendation to buy it. If you're at all a fan of this genre, chances are you'll like it as much as I do."
76561197971255041,Recommended,445220,32432679,Posted: 15 June,all,SixDice,I played eve online years back and wanted to playbe a game similar.I also played play Empyrion. One of the things I love about the game is the world building. I could build my own crafts or import other players design to test.Avorion is a combination of both. The large space adventure and the ship building. It is a really gem of a game if ypu love eve and want to build your own ship fleet or station.I will highly recommend this game to anyone that have interest in both games.
,Recommended,445220,31753695,Posted: 14 May,all,mikehobbit,so far so good . Just what i have been looking for still early game for me but fist impresion is a thumbs up . manovering feels good just make sure you crew the first ship well dont buy too many crew and solar panels on that first ship too. Have fun . buy itAfter playing alot longer my update is ... GET IT its just what you have been looking for. so fun. do co op with friends
76561197983724086,Recommended,445220,29536669,Posted: 28 January,all,PyroxCk,"just spent a little time in this game but is good and since they are still working on it, i do hope that they fix some of the bugs or the menu.Game is fun and building a ship is really nice.fleet command over sectors would be nice!"
76561198023200194,Recommended,445220,29507053,Posted: 26 January,all,selis.johan,"wow, just , wowThis is the game i wanted for years.I quit this game just to post this and to see if i can make a server.Again, wow!"
,Recommended,445220,29932608,Posted: 14 February,all,Horned Lizard,Fun.Addicting.Not too repetitive.Fairly easy build mechanics.All though I feel bad when I look at the NPC ships and then my ship.My ship just looks like a boat.
76561197971019068,Recommended,445220,30656239,Posted: 21 March,all,gapper4,"I tried the demo for a minute or two and just gave up when I saw that ugly, blocky drone you get when you start. I put the game out of my mind. Then I started seeing the positive reviews and saw some screenshots of what you can do with the ship designer when you advance a bit. Said ""screw it"" and bought the game.Boy, am I glad I did ! It's awesome. Great ship design, lots to do, very stable EA title (no crashes at all for me), good sense of progression, great graphics, and decent music. I'm hoping for more block shapes and types in the future, as well as even more interaction with the world but, gotta say, it's already better than most space games out there. Great title. EA done right. Highly recommended to anyone who likes designing ships and adventuring in space."
76561197999325175,Recommended,445220,29516597,Posted: 26 January,all,ricebowl1988,"I usually never write reviews but I needed to do it for this game. It is simply amazing and has so much potential. I have been wanting a X series type game (empire building, economy, trading, etc) with voxel building components. The main downside I see right now is too much micromanagement (building subordinate ships is too time consuming and docking is too much of a PITA).Overall I would highly recommend. This game gets the balance right!"
76561198124824863,Recommended,445220,32168600,Posted: 3 June,all,Cerain,"Thoughts: Imagine building your own ship and exploring space with it. Still early access so many more features are on the way but there is already much to do. There are infinite building possibilities and the galaxy you are given to explore is massive. The main aspects of the game are ship building and exploring, gather resources by either mining or salvaging wrecks in order to build ships (you can build more than one). It seems the further you explore within your galaxy, the better loot/materials you will find. I love it. I'm looking forward to a long future with this game."
76561197998481149,Recommended,445220,29734730,Posted: 5 February,all,jscuncio,52 hours in and I feel like I have barely scratched the surface. Already worth every penny and then some.
,Recommended,445220,33410101,Posted: 9 July,all,justym21,"Been looking for a game my friends and I could play together. 110hrs in and still going strong. I think it is just one of those games that has something for everyone's tastes. Exploring, building, economics (still needs some work in my opinion), combat. My favorite part is to see how your initial ship progresses into unique designs as you add on as you progress.For an old player of the X series (and rebirth since its launch ... cough cough), this game is worth the money ( even in the early access state that it currently is)."
76561198129606447,Recommended,445220,29472204,Posted: 24 January,all,trekie4747,"I really enjoyed playing this game and I can't reccomend it enough.  It does show being an early access game but it is still pretty solid.While I haven't made much progress I have enjoyed playing and building my really dinky ships.  I am absolutely terrible at designing ships.  But you don't have to design a pretty ship.I enjoy having many options.  I can mine, fight, trade, run missions, or just explore.  While I haven't reached the stage of building my own fleet yet I fully intend to get there at some point.  Maybe play with some friends as this game does support multiplayer.Onto the negativesThe building mechanics (at the time this review was written) need some love.Starting out can be slow if you don't quite know what you're doing.  Finding Titanium you can either get very lucky or not find any for hours.Beyond all that I've enjoyed playing and look forward to playing even more."
76561198028754012,Recommended,445220,29988343,Posted: 17 February,all,tree8125,"Usually i write a review and tell people how much the alpha game i bought sucks after i play it extensively. But with this game I am just blown away from all the content and things that this game offers right off the bat.you can:-Build bases which include mines, factories, power plants i think that every station the map randomly generates is buildable by the player-Auto mining/fighting you can build ships that mine for you, fight for you, escort, gaurd i don't know if mining ships stay loaded when your not in the same sector but i will test it and update this part later-Their's missions to do! from killing pirates to running cargo to factories theirs stuff to do-AI factions that actually fight eachother for control of territory-Building system that let's you scale all the building blocks its pretty awesome-UPGRADES ships have upgrade slots the bigger the ship the more upgrade slots-LOOT!!!! so many alpha games so much crappy loot not this game though when you kill ai or people they drop turrets/upgrades moneyso in all freaking love this game so far cant wait to see whats coming next"
76561198038121331,Recommended,445220,30771540,Posted: 27 March,all,Wysaw,"Excellent game, highly recommended!Its X3 + minecraft.Be prepared to spend hours building your own ships, not because the ship designer is bad but because it lets you do so much.Offers a real sense of exploration in a massive universe, so big you very likely won't see it all for lack of time and new everytime you start again.Ive barely scratched the surface in 80 hours of play, ridiculously good value for money.I seriously recommend playing on Insane difficulty with Full collision damage. Insane means that enemies do full damage to you (ie not reduced damage) and collisions at speed kill you outright. Although you might want to start in an easier universe just to get the basics down.I personally hope that the dev supports this game with updates and expansions for a long time."
,Recommended,445220,35210170,Posted: 25 September,all,Balcoran,"Diamond in the rough, I was instantly hooked on this game.Imagine, Elite, mixed with Eve Online, mixed with Empyrion Galactic Survival and Space Engineers, mixed with an RTS space game, mixed with FTL. The whole atmosphere of this game is everything I love about Sci Fi games.You gather resources, design a starship for mining, salvaging or combat... or all. You explore the Galaxy, answer distress calls, trade, hire crew, assign them to different jobs on the ship.I got into a fight I couldn't win and was getting hammered by pirates, I had no power to charge my hyperdrive so reassigned crew to engineering and shut down all other systems including lifesupport. I escaped and limped back to a repair yard. I lost 6 crew member from turning off life support. But saved 24. Epic stuff.But the best part for me was when I wanted to create a new ship. I hired a Captain for my old ship and was able to control it in an RTS style while piloting my new ship. I haven't even apporached the idea of claiming an empty sector and building my own home system with space stations yet.... but I will >:)Music is great too, it reminds me of a few Eve online tracks and Sandbox Universe 2For the price, general atmosphere of it and the gameplay, I would highly recommend this game."
76561198039029836,Recommended,445220,29496463,Posted: 25 January,all,diasseilo,"Extremely creative fun, with the ability to create AI ships to mine/guard/follow. Battle is entertaining, and ship design is important for functionality. Overall a huge success. I can't wait to see what other features come in the future!"
,Recommended,445220,29506256,Posted: 26 January,all,Alex Utopia,"I was pleasantly surprised! Sure it is still a little rough around the edges, something we come to expect from Early Access games, but this is a real treat. Avorion is highly addictive and well worth the money, even at this stage of development.I like block/ship-building games, like Space Engineers or Reassembly for example. But as much fun as it is to build your own space-ship, those games lack in real gameplay, there is simply not much to do with your creations. This is where Avorion is very diffrent. This is feels like playing a traditional open world space title like Freelancer or Rebel Galaxy, where you also can build and evolve your ships along they way and get to play a real game with them. This makes it very unique in my opinion, because most of the time those block building simulators forget to put a game into their game. I have a lot of fun with this one, the universe feels alive, there is a lot of stuff to do and to discover. I would have paid full price for this even if it were a finished product, but as it is not, I'm even more exited for the upcoming delvlopment phase."
,Recommended,445220,31445090,Posted: 29 April,all,Pvt. Jackson [2RB],"This is the game ive been looking for. On a long search for a decent space exploration, sandbox, this is my result. And its glorious. I have never been so excited and giddy to play any game in my life except Avorion. It reminds me so much a Freelancer that its crazy and its what makes the game so interesting for me. You can go around, fighting baddies, salvaging their ships for loot and creds, OR settle down around a couple sectors, build some mining ships, watch for pirates and the ever threatening Xsotan. I highly recommend this game to anyone looking for a good sandbox with some action rather than just surviving."
76561198275867079,Recommended,445220,29469513,Posted: 24 January,all,Harrydh3,"I mined iron, I stole titanium and I made a ship. I flew that ship arround the sector like I owned the place crushing lesser mortals with my gattling gun...And then I went through a weird blue rift or wormhole thing and it was full of pirates.11/10 Would run from pirates again.In all seriousness this was the best £14 i've ever spent. Space sandbox, exploration, pirating, ship building, station building, mining, resourcing, trading AND ONLINERecomend 100% to everyone who likes fun."
,Recommended,445220,29486859,Posted: 25 January,all,Ballistic Angel,"After quite a few space sim games, I've found one that aggravates me less, is more enjoyable with friends and runs smoothly! For an Early Access game, it's giving me quite a bit more than some other titles out there. If you like creating anything, how you want, when you want - this is for you. The variety of people's imaginative and creative minds will blow you away!As for the game's stability - smooth! The engine is well done and I have yet to have any issues. Furthermore, great UI scaling (for us UW users out there) and the music! Woo! Love when the combat kicks off lol. The game does it's job in allowing you to feel the freedom, however, there's also a story behind it all and much to explore. Try it out! :)"
,Recommended,445220,29631467,Posted: 1 February,all,BunBun,"At about 3 hours, went to a system with a Titanium asteroids. Found a giant titanium asteroid as big as your mother. Yooge. Took 3 hours to mine.10/3 would mine oversized asteroid again.Seriously... game is early access so it does crash. But when it crashes, it even does that well. It just kinda goes away.There are some things missing, like stations/mines don't generate ongoing revenue when you're not there, and I've yet to see where anyone on reddit has made it past the barrier to the center of the galaxy... either people don't know how to do it (it's not in the game) or it's busted.It reminds me very much of Terraria and Starbounds first days, where if you bought and played it on the day it was released, then waited 3 years to play it again, it's like an entirely different game. I hope they don't take 3 years to complete this game, but it seems like the same kinda thing.At $18 early access, it's not bad at all. I've played way less polished and fun $30 games (and more) that I was seriously♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off about."
,Not Recommended,445220,30939829,Posted: 4 April,all,Remerant,"Personally as this game currently is I cant really recommend it, now most of this is probably just my personal preference so depending on your preferences you might want to turn this from bad to good so first the good things[Pro's]1. The games graphics are quite good and providing I'm using a fairly low end pc and quite cheap my computer can handle the game on mostly high-very high settings, some to keep in mind though are shadows if you find your game lagging2. The loot in the game is quite nice and the fact you can rip apart the destroyed ships for parts is quite addicting3. Building is quite good, you can enlarge blocks to be extremely large hell maybe even limitless if you have the funds for it.4. Combat in the game is fairly fun though quite quickly it can get somewhat boring[Cons]1. Building controls are frustrating as hell expecially trying to get the view right, manipulating the blocks to be how you need them, its also a pain if you enlarge a block you need to  be quite big / long the next block will start from the same size instead of a default size, this might just be nitpicking.2. One problem I found which killed it for me was how you need to get to the center of the galaxy, not to spoil anything but you basically need to travel all over the place randomly to the same looking systems over and over and over and over again looking for the boss / structure you need to destroy, this can be very boring needing to wait for your hyperdrive to charge up over and over again.3. enemy ship designs are basically non-existant, most of them are just long straight lines of blocks with guns attached.4. building your ship can be a pain in the rear, make sure you choose a safe area to do it, near a friendly factions main base, as the same events will happen very often over and over (Pirate attack and alien attack like every 2 minutes or so) and being in build mode doesnt pause the world so if your gonna start a complex build make sure your somewhere very safe, several times did a huge raid or very large alien group enter the area causing me the need to drop everything to move.5. Factions can be weird sometimes, for example I had maxed faction rating with one faction and it entered the area I was in to attack a faction who hated me, so I decided to help, I only attacked the enemy and for some reason my relationship with the friendly faction went straight to maxed hatred and it started attacking me, this happened several times so I can only guess its a bug.6. Turret building is stupidly easy and overpowered, the materials are easy to get and the stats are way op, for example the loot I was getting in an area lets say  [ laser -80dmg - Range 2.00km ] this laser is an orange laser so pretty much the best rarity, yet I can craft a turret easily with stats like [ Laser - 500dmg - Range 4.8km ] and this is in the same area as the loot drop.The game is obviously early access and as it is I cant recommend it unless theres a decent sale on, maybe when they iron the kinks out it will be much better, bugs can be expected, on a regular basis opening the build menu closes the game, or an upgrade which tells you that valuable items are in the area needs to be constantly removed and equiped as it doesnt update you."
76561198054267328,Recommended,445220,32917964,Posted: 28 June,all,NONAME,"Hahaah I cant stop playing this game, finally somebody made a SIGLE VERSION OF EVE ONLINE."
76561198086115431,Not Recommended,445220,29517542,Posted: 27 January,all,This Duck,"This is not a real negative review, but rather to catch the attention of those who actually use the negative reviews as another perspective of the game.ExploringAs a new player to these genera, outside of building and with blocks and space battles, the space exploration of this game is actually fun and immersive to a degree that I feel like I need to think before taking any action. I won’t lie you will have to take some time to learn the basics of the game and how the universe works, but once you get a good feel of the game you’ll find yourself spending a lot of time transporting goods or fighting off pirates or invaders.BuildingDon’t think Minecraft or Space engineers when building in this game. The tools you are given and the pieces you can use are extremely flexible from what I have experience. It’s not easy to learn, but after building a test ship you’ll understand the controls and design concept of building a ship. Now keep in mind the game is not pretty when it comes to the blocks you can use, but because you can scale them to any size you wish your ability to create whatever you want becomes far easier. Basically you won’t be placing block after block to build a pillar or wall. I have yet to encounter any building errors or bug, but still expect them if they happen.FightingI’m still a noob in this area but I can say you can’t run into a fight and expect good results. So far I had to fight with backup or with a distraction because in the beginning you’re too weak. Even with better armor and guns the combat is still not as simple as running and shooting.The BadIt’s going to be buggy and it’s fresh on steam. This isn’t a two or three year old game that has devs who do nothing to improve or fix the game. Make your bets and choose to try this game or buy four days’ worth of fast foods.Last notesLastly view the discussions post for this game. A game with a good discussion interaction that provides good feedback tends to help better understand the game a little more."
76561198003896542,Recommended,445220,30841730,Posted: 30 March,all,OpexDamo,"Plays similar to the X Series of space sim games, being much cheaper having multiplayer and own design of ships are greatly enjoyed. the cube mechanics can seem a bit off putting but when you design your own ship you understand why the design path went with that choice.highly reccomend for those who enjoyed the X series"
76561198028101712,Recommended,445220,29513262,Posted: 26 January,all,kajidiablo,"great game, and btw forget mining scavange the ships ;)"
76561198108466761,Recommended,445220,29526715,Posted: 27 January,all,Wilky926,Imagine the X series of games with the ability to build your own ships completely from scratch and you have Avorion!The game also runs flawlessly on my low end laptop with no framerate drops at all so far and no bugs or crashes after 6 hours of straight play.highly reccomend this game!
76561198011872421,Recommended,445220,29619251,Posted: 31 January,all,Rajuta,"Wow this game is awesome, very impressed. And im not a fan of this graphic style, that aside its easily overlooked. the massive battles are amazing, I love the chainguns effect! I never thought i would get this much value out of this game. Huge suprise in a positive way. If your on the fence, just do it, this game is worth every penny you will see. 5 out of 5"
76561197990969590,Recommended,445220,29515330,Posted: 26 January,all,lucidfatty,"love the ambient music, great atmosphere, game mechanics and style (could use a bit more of the latter) excellent deal, very stable for early access so far... im pleasantly surprised, i love the ship building, but woud love more kinds of blocks ( like cylinders, spheres, hexagons etc) definitely worth 20 dollars! also could use some way of hyperspacing shorter distances, sometimes flying in a straight line feels like forever."
76561198042913113,Recommended,445220,29578172,Posted: 29 January,all,caidicus,"One of My Favorite Space SandboxesI'm really digging what's already here. You have a giant galaxy to explore, sector by sector, using whatever ship you build for yourself.There are different materials to build with, which scale in efficiency and power, and are found as you explore deeper in the universe.It's pretty cool how the ship builder is designed, with a key mirroring feature that allows you to build ships that look sweet.Another cool aspect is the loot system. Yes, there is loot in this game, from ship upgrades to turrets for mining, fighting, or salvaging. The devs have chosen a colour based system for rarity, and personally, I love that.All in all, I highly recommend this game to people who enjoy building their own ships and stations inside a persistent universe.And, there's multiplayer. :PI would say multiplayer is still a little hit or miss, as the devs figure out how to make dedicated servers a functional reality.I did play some multiplayer with a friend of mine and it was easy to setup. I just hosted a game and invited him into it, worked like a charm.So yup, there's my review. This game is already a lot of fun to play, and the updates have been coming in very fast, so it seems like the team behind Avorion is serious about making a hit space game.Definitely recommended."
,Recommended,445220,29825802,Posted: 10 February,all,NovaUK,"So, having put around 17 Hours into this game now. Let me run you through everything thats happend to me and my friend...- We start by forming a multiplayer server, thats unbelivably smooth to play on, and start to think how we are going to find eachother in the galaxy.....- Quite conviently, we are in the same sector!- As any sensible gamer would do, we run the tutorial and follow it all through learning the basics.- First few hours of our gameplay consist of mining iron and titanium, building incredibly bad ships that look like floating dongs...- Having got around 3 turrets on both our ships, we think its a good idea to try to take on some pirates.- Warp into a sector were some pirates are located, next thing we know theres 22 of them, we are out gunned, out played, and have no warp drives....- 10/10 Would warp into pirate space again...Nah in all seriousness here this is quite possibly one of the best early access games out there at the moment. Its completly restored my faith in early access developers and is a brilliant example of how having core gameplay in place first, then building ontop of it is the best way forward.I strongly reccomend this to anyway who enjoys procedural gameplay, not to mention how much you can do in this game, and all for under £15 its well worth the buy.I will continue to play this for awhile considering i've barely scratched the surface of this epic galaxy. Lots to do, Lots to see, Lots to kill!"
76561198211500924,Recommended,445220,32645039,Posted: 22 June,all,parker4442,It's a great game and the building system is good but it's not worth $18.00.
76561198019276548,Recommended,445220,30505731,Posted: 14 March,all,Vincent Ellis,"This is an amazing game, It's so much like EVE online which i love and play as well but without all the boring parts. The games starts off a and you are able to get up and going much faster than EVE. I could honestly see this game replacing EVE for me in the future.*To the developers*You guys are Awesome keep up the amazing work. I look forward to seeing what you come up with next."
,Recommended,445220,29808082,Posted: 9 February,all,SpockTheBuilder,"Great mix of Space Engineers and games like Freelancer and Galaxy on Fire 2. Iwth a few more features and graphic tweaks this will quickly become one of my favorite games. Add in mods and multiplayer, and this game is just amazing.Just don't let the NPC ships make you think this game is all blocky ships. You can make a killer ball or recreate any shaped Sci-fi ship you've ever seen. There aren't many limits. Have fun!"
,Recommended,445220,29949325,Posted: 15 February,all,Marcus,"Obviously, this is one of the best EA releases in quite some time. Probably a tad bit under Factorio. The developer(s) also seem(s) to be severly motivated to present a good game on the market. But still, this is Early Access. Early Access means unfinished. A big trait Avorion has in my opinion.First off, the building. There is, like many others have stated no limit to what you can build except your resources and credits. Which is great. You can really let your imagination go and create what you want. The actual building is, ehhh. Rusty to be honest. The camera is god awful and the overall building needs polishing on some points. Sometimes a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ Easy to learn, hard to master. And what I personally hated is that there were no pre-built crafts to choose from. I get that this is about my imagination, but I tend to take things from others and create my own little thing from that.You wouldn't believe how hyped I was when I first saw gameplay of this. When I bought it last Friday I was ready to jump into action. Shoot stuff, mine stuff, fly around, etc.But that wasn't what I got. I got a drone and a tutorial that really didn't help in the right places. It took me 5 hole hours to figure the game out and build my first spacecraft. Guess I didn't realize what the word ""Sandbox"" stood for.This is one crucial point that got me so mad in the beginning. Why isn't the iron generator a thing? Probably 1-2 hours were me waiting for the hyperspace jump engine to recharge because it was sucking the electricity dry.A very promising game, but not 100% there yet.Like I said, A game can get a 10/10, but it is still Early Access.If I can believe the developers word, the game should be out some where mid-end 2017. If you're not interested in a promising game that isn't done yet, wait till end 2017. The game is bound to be good then.Early Access Info.Why Early Access?“If you're not a sandbox fan or are not interested in getting involved into the development of Avorion, you should probably wait for the full release estimated in Q3 2017.How is the full version planned to differ from the Early Access version?“Avorion is already rather far in development and already has a lot of features, but it's still lacking some content and things to do, such as missions. The full version will have more features, weapons, blocks, side missions, a more fleshed out story, more bosses, more goals you can pursue.”Would reccomment, but not now. A positive mixed."
,Recommended,445220,30172460,Posted: 25 February,all,Reisning,"I was hesitant to buy this game, since ive never really enjoyed space enviroment. (A dark nothing)Bought the game together with a friend, and have only been playing Multiplayer. (2-4 friends.) And a little bit Creative mode to do the basedesign of new ships.I think we sat for maybe 10 hours the first sitting, losing all sense of time. Going to bed, thinking about what upgrades/exstenions youre going to do on your ship the next day. (this was almost every night the following 2 weeks.)In the beginning the buliding system can be quite tedious, but when you figure out how it works it's very smooth.You start off as a drone, having to jump towards the core of the map to get to better resources. Skip Iron, use your drone to jump until you get some Titanium and can build generators. Keep jumping and stay away from combat, until you find some Naonite to mine. Build Shield generators on your ship, this is where the fun starts.You will encounter colonies, planet sectors, sooo many factions, faction wars, salvage yards, bosses, factories, smugglers hideout, pirate bases, sectors constantly attacked by pirates, raiders or an unknown alien faction.Find abandoned ships and claim them. Don't want a new ship? Sell it! Or better yet, equip it with crew and a captain and it will follow you, fight for you, protect, mine or salvage for you.You will encounter big Asteroids you can claim for yourself, and build different kinds of mines on it. Or sell it for good money and rep with the faction that is connected to that sector.You can even found stations, costing all from a few million to 200+ million, where NPC ships will dock and trade. (make you money.)There are also several upgrade modules for your ship, and the bigger the ship the more you can equip.One of the modules is a trading module, which will give you an overview of goods, prices and trading routes in your current sector or more depending on quality. So you can build a freighter ship and use these modules to make big money.Theres also a big quest chain you have to complete, in order to progress to late/end-game.Ive enjoyed this title immenseley! And my friends and me agree we have never been so impressed and sucked in by any game in a long time. (ever?)Even though we are not tired of the game, we have decided to take a break until next patch. Because this game just sucks you in, and its hard finding time to do other things.I really recommend this game!!Draugenhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=871981520http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=871981553http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=871981671http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=871981631What I do miss:- A way to make players friendly or invite them to the same Faction. As it is now, only the ship that gets the last hit on an enemy gets the rewards/rep.- Having your faction friends being able to enter your ship  and maybe control a few weapons or similar. So you can voyage together as one big Capital ship.- A list over current blocks and quality on ship, so you can easily upgrade blocks that are hidden."
76561198079545168,Recommended,445220,29457626,Posted: 24 January,all,meadman( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)乇乂,"stumbled upon two faction's fleets charging eachother about to begin a massive space battle. Then some pirates warped in. a few moments later some aliens warped in. The fight was bloody, there were no survivors spare a small corvette belonging to one of the factions. A courageous champion, standing alone to claim victory.     But then I blew it up, and harvested it's iron and titanium."
76561198372294064,Recommended,445220,30694254,Posted: 23 March,all,tennenbaum,"Don't get fooled by the ugly graphic user interface! (It's Early Acces...)Beside that the game is nothing less than a sensation! A masterpiece.First time ever i played a (space) game that brought together 4x elements with RTS  with real 3D flight- and battle mechanics in such an amazing way.If you're looking for true immersion and the kind of intriguing fascination that other space games promise on the surface but can't deliver at core, Avorion does the magic: being in space... due to its stunning gamedesign exploring, crafting, expanding and battling interweave organically in a way i never saw it before. The devs didn't overpromise: It actually is a mix of the many spacegames yet you may have liked but always missed an element. (Plus this great unlimited ship building possibilities on top of it!)The technical core of the game is stunning, thus a perfect foundation for great story building, no matter if created by writers (or the devs themselves) and/or the player comunity.It' so full of wonderful ideas and clever details, you wonder what the Major Game Studios do all day long with their huge staffs when you know that this game is made by just 2 devs and 1 composer.Since it's Early Access, be aware you may spend some hours in the beginning to figure out the steering, camera, etc. before the game unfolds its depth and beauty. But it's for sure worth it.i can't wait to see th enext updates and the release version (hopefully then with GUI graphics  as ""high-end"" as the rest of the game)."
,Recommended,445220,29569215,Posted: 29 January,all,Naysayer,"Spent 2 hours building and designing my ship, with breaks to get more materials to only jump to another sector to find a faction war and they both decided they didn't like me, so they just turned on me and blew me up. Very fun and you can even build mining outposts or even stations, or go for the destroyer route and have hangers for a fleet."
,Recommended,445220,29507952,Posted: 26 January,all,Redeyeflight,No time.  Found system full of naonite.  Must build miners.  Game is good.
,Recommended,445220,29683802,Posted: 3 February,all,linuxpunk,"Great space sandbox and voxel builderTL;DR It's like a faster X3, where you can build ships.LONG REVIEW:This is agreatgame, well worth every penny. It already has tons of content, factions, combat, exploration, ways of making money and so on. The ship building is easy to learn, You can build fleets, automate functions (mining, fighting), theres diplomacy, you can be on better or worse terms with factions, and there's even RTS gameplay!PROSEasy to learn, both controlling and building your ships.Combat is good. AI tends to go stationary and shoot until them or their enemy explodes, but you can buld a fast ship and manouver around your enemies, pulling hit and run tactics.Bullding is fun, not without depth, it still manages to be really easy to lean.Many ways to play the game. You can stay small, build an empire, trade, mine, soldier, scavenge, smuggle, be a headhunter or a pirate.Loot. Not as over the top as in Borderlands, but you get tons of loot from destroying ships or scavenging the debris. Loots looks shinny and juicy.MASSIVEspace battles.You command a ship, can have fleets and fighter squadrons. There's an RTS mode.Good optimization.Graphics are good (voxel, that is SQUARE. but good none the less).Fitting music.Multiplayer, persistent galaxies. (I haven't play multiplayer, since game still on Early Access and there's no NA server).Not overwhealming micromanagement. You need to hire and pay your crew, fit guns, have spare minerals for fixing your ship.Modding support. Steam Workshop to be implemented.You can make your own faction (to be implemented).Plently of weapons.Linux supportCONSNo first person view, you can only see your ship or drone from third person view. No cockpit view.You can't land, or for that matter interact, with planets.Docking at space stations is hard. There's no autodocking or autopilot.There's no inside of stations or ships.Game still is on Early Access, which means bugs and missing content. Common bugs include getting dissconected from server (in single player, but that one is FIXED), space stations having no docks (which makes them useless) and some others."
,Recommended,445220,29506482,Posted: 26 January,all,Togy,"I played the demo, it was good, i got the full game, it was even better. Why don't you play the demo and decide for yourself if you like itEdit:I can't respond to comments so let me elaborate a little, the demo only allows Iron and it's also quite  an old version of the game, almost every element of the early release has been updated beyond the demo and being limited to just Iron really gives you about 2% of the game, i'm pretty sure the demo build menu had the new blocks in the other materials, take a look at what they do, the result is much more fun, especially when it comes to combat!"
,Recommended,445220,29498104,Posted: 26 January,all,emporer88,"good engine, good game. once the AI and eco gets a little more fleshed out on the AI side of things will play very very well.the amount of goods to trade already is above and beyond what you will ever need in a standalone trading game. This game actually has much more than just trading. but i dont want to ramble on."
76561197970806666,Recommended,445220,29489234,Posted: 25 January,all,Window Licker,"I don't leave too many reviews... But holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game has blown me away. If you're a fan of the X Series, and building games.This is a must have for your steam library."
76561198058506808,Recommended,445220,29478069,Posted: 24 January,all,Trtl,"Awesome game ...check out some lets play vids or even the trailer...then if your still unsure get the demo. demo is old the early release is a lot better...http://www.avorion.net.. Well worth the price and then some....... My update i see some bad reviews saying that its online only,,but it is not...Altho it does say connecting and all that online stuff ,,I disconnected my pcfrom my wifi.. put steam in offline mode and the game booted up just fine,,"
,Not Recommended,445220,31826482,Posted: 18 May,all,antzakes,"I have mixed feelings about this game, its good in many respects (graphics, smooth gameplay) but feels like its lacking critical features, i easily get bored with the mining and grinding you need to do, not just for the parts for the ship but also for money for your mandatory crew.I would like if there was a feature to not require crew at all, there is the ability to make turrets stationary and not rotate but they still require crew to function. You can build a big ship, you can't build a fighter as far as i am aware of, also the bigger your ship is, the more crew you need and the more mind numbing grinding you need to do just for the ship to function.I'm sure these issues arent things that bother most people who buy the game, but just if someone is helped by my review or the developer would look at this and either change something, or tell me off for being a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥because the issues i had with the game we're avoidable/ non existant.Although as much as i know about the game though, i just want a refund now.."
76561197965531535,Recommended,445220,29749252,Posted: 6 February,all,Avalanche,"What a fantastic game.This gives me more Freelancer vibes than Elite: Shallow ever gave.One specific thing that impresses me a lot is the ship-builder, it is extremely intuitive and gives a lot of freedom in the design process of your ship, which is also a trend that the rest of the game tends to set in most of its areas: great UX and lots of quality-of-life features. The way you place various components on your ship actually have an impact on their performance. But unlike in StarMade, you can actually build some very nice looking ships without compromising their functionality too much.Aside from all that, the game also has a considerable amount of depth to it. With every hour I play I discover something new and interesting that you can do. For instance, I just discovered that you can actually craft your own turrets at special stations. You can also talk to almost any ship/station, asking for information or services.There's also a lot of depth to the ship itself, you can tweak many details about it and see a lot of information regarding your crew, the energy consumption/performance, cargo, thrust capabilities, etc. You can install special modules (that can also consume energy), that give your ship certain advantages/abilities/upgrades. There are also weapon firing groups. In general, energy management is really important, as everything on the ship eventually needs energy to function.The other important ship resource is your crew, which must be paid sufficiently every now and then. The crew also has some sort of hierarchy to it, where you will eventually need higher ranked crewmembers to supervise lower ranks, if your crew grows large enough. And then there's credits (used for buying stuff), and various tiered raw materials (used for building/repairing the ship).The universe/galaxy it takes place in also really feels lived in. You have sectors that are completely empty and devoid of anything, but there are also sectors that are populated, and often you'll find that the population is of a specific kind and faction. You may find sectors devoted to mining operations, sectors with various industrial installations that process raw materials, ""gateway"" sectors that simply consist of a large amount of gateways to other sectors, etc etc. They often tend to get attacked as well by pirates and some sort of aliens, although, in my opinion this shouldn't happen in literally every sector (which seems to be the case right now, after some time).There are many possibilities to what you can do to advance. Trade between stations, fight against pirates.. or with them, becoming one yourself. Mine asteroids, salvage wrecks, steal loot from big fights between factions (you can't sell all types of loot everywhere), steal loot from large container arrays and sell it elsewhere, potentially becoming an enemy of that faction, and probably quite a bit more that I haven't found yet. While doing all this, the goal is to travel towards the center of the galaxy (and unlike No Man's Sky, this game actually contains what you'd call ""gameplay""), either to profit from the riches there or to find answers to the mysteries posed by the lore.In terms of graphics the game is also pretty impressive, not because it looks very realistic, but it has some very awesome backdrops and the visual effects are generally pretty darn good, great sci-fi setting. The sun often looks rather dull and uninteresting though, it would be cool if it received some lensflares like in Freelancer, and sectors with multiple stars would also be neat (visually at least). The texturing in general isn't very impressive, but it gets the job done well enough.Of course, it's still early access, and it has some bugs/quirks because of that. But to me those are completely insignificant, this is a great early access title worth the investment, it has absolutely huge potential and is already very fun to play in its current state. One thing that especially has me excited is that this game supports multiplayer with dedicated servers. While I'm still having fun in single player, I believe that the multiplayer aspect is going to be what will push this game to the next level eventually.Totally recommend this game if you are a space sandbox fan. Now I need to get back to finding a station that will accept my stolen loot so I can finally repair my darn ship after a rather deadly encounter with some Xsotans!"
,Recommended,445220,29766990,Posted: 7 February,all,Khronoe,"Already a great game with great possibilitiesI have only played space sims and building games for the past couple of years and in that time my experiences have consisted of games like Space Engineers, Minecraft, Empyrion, Ark, Starmade and so many others that I lose count.  Only a few of those games have actually kept my interest, such as Farming Simulator 17 and Ark.  Part of the reasons behind my lack of interest is lack of goals or game progression.  You simply start in a sandbox then do stuff.  For some folks, that's exactly what they want, just not me.  This is one of the many reasons that I love Avorion.Avorion takes familiar mechanics from many games and combines them into a something of a new experience.  You have block building similar to Minecraft, game mechanics from Elite Dangerous, and similarities to the X series of games.  You can probably find all sorts of other features from other games present but this should give you an idea of what I'm trying to explain.There is an overall plot to the game if you want to play through the game in single player or on a server with friends.  The story isn't given to you in a breadcrumb trail though, you have to explore and discover everything on your own.  Beyond that, the world is literally what you make of it.  You can be a combat pilot, trader, salvager, pirate, etc.  You have to contend with the factions in the game love and hate, and constantly be aware of what's going on around you and be prepared to either fight, jump or whatever other course of action is necessary.The ship building mechanics are great too.  You don't simply attach some blocks and start flying off, each block has a function and benefits or negative impact that you have to take into consideration with your build.  The ship editor offers a great level of granularity as well in a very simple interface.  Combine that with the fact that all of your ship builds are auto saved to XML files giving you flexibility to easily recreate your ship if you lose it or create it in a different game if you like.  You can do this not only with your main ship but ships that your purchase for your fleet as well.  You can build one design for example and create an entire fleet from that singled design.And it doesn't stop there.  Not only do you build your ship but you consistently upgrade it as well.  As your ship grows you can add modules to enhance your ships capabilities, add more turrets, change the colors and if you're keen to programming you can now even script ship behavior.  Not only can you manage ship commands for your fleet but you can also go into an RTS style view and control them in bulk if you desire.If you don't want to have a lot of ships with you, you can also buy fighters and hire pilots for your main ship which can act as combat fighters, repair ships, miners or salvaging.The universe is huge as well with a 1000x1000 grid and all procedurally generated from seeds (the ships can be generated from seeds too!).  So each time you play the game things can be different.If you don't want to play through the main story, you can simply go into creative mode and build until your heart's content with unlimited resources.  You can also build your dream ship in creative, save the design and then load it up in a survival game later if you want.The game will also have Steam Workshop support and already has some active modders at work.  So the possibilities for this game could be endless with the foundation that has been laid.So, if you're looking for a new space sim experience, sandbox game or just something new, Avorion is a great game for the price and for me it has been worth every penny."
76561198149467943,Recommended,445220,30231778,Posted: 27 February,all,Oh no! Here comes common sense!,"In and of itself, this is a great game. It reminds me of a more advanced version of starmade.The only significant problem that I can think of is that shields don't absorb collision damage."
76561197998701258,Recommended,445220,29646340,Posted: 2 February,all,Psygnal,"At time of writing I'm only 21 hours in, but I think I've got the gist of it.The TL;DR version is that this is a pretty solid game. In fact, even if it was released as 'complete' in its current state, it would be a pretty solid game for an indie developer.  There are many hours of playability here.The Longer version...It's pure sandbox. You mine with your mining lasers, you salvage with your salvaging beams, and you shoot bad guys with your shooty things.  You build your ship using various metals - which you tend to find in asteroid fields.  The closer you get to the galactic core, the better the metals you'll find.Ship building is easy enough. Think ""Space Engineers"" lite. You place the blocks, but you don't need to 'craft' them with tools. As long as you've got the metal you need, you can just size them, rotate them, and place them.  Mostly this makes for pretty blocky designs - but I suspect that there will be a lot more block options as the game develops.When you're building your ship, you need to consider your primary engine, thruster placement, armour, and power generation. Later on you get shields, storage batteries, and so forth.  You can place your weapons/turrets anywhere, but you can only fit a certain number without upgrading your internal components with found parts.Graphically it's a mixed bag.  The blocky nature of the ships can be a bit off-putting, but the game will run on a sponge, let alone a half-decent computer. Cranking everything up to maximum settings can make for some very nice and atmospheric moments - with nicely rendered/shadowy starships attacking out of a combination of sun/mist... or enough incoming fire to make you think you've been caught in a fireworks display.You fly with WASD and mouse. Your turrets can rotate quite a lot, but realistically, they'll be facing more or less forwards.Ranges are short. I've not seen a gun fire further than about 5km at this point.  Mining tends to be well under 1km, which tends to have you cosying up to asteroids in some pretty dense fields.Each sector - and there are thousands of randomly generated sectors - will have jump-gates, various stations, NPC ships of various types, and asteroids. There are occasional anomalies. You can also 'warp' without requiring gates, though the power-drain is enormous.  There are also plenty of empty sectors, so if you push away from the beaten track, it can be awkward finding a useful sector again. Some sectors are pirate strong-holds, some have bosses in, some are just nice and benign.You can complete missions in certain sectors. There are lots of factions for you to help or hinder, and your reputation with them will change depending on what you do.   Pirates will often randomly jump in and start attacking ships in the sector, and you can either join in, defeat them, or avoid them and watch the battle from afar while you continue mining.You can also run fleets of ships, with mining ships, combat ships, fighters, salvagers, etc, all following your commands. I haven't played with this too much, but it seems pretty powerful - though the path-finding of your AI ships in asteroid fields is poor at best.The main problem with this game is that it's quite addictive. Building your ship, upgrading your ship, and exploring new sectors can take more hours than you expect, and this is honestly one of the best Early Access games I've played in a very long time.It's not without faults.THE BAD  (And bearing in mind that this is an Early Access game)==============================================I see that some people are having problems running it. I haven't encountered any kind of problem.Pathfinding is not brilliant. Ships in asteroid fields tend to just drive straight into asteroids and sit there looking confused.There's not enough feedback regarding damage to your own ship. You can see bits flying off, and there are status bars, but it can be hard to see where damage is coming from, how bad it is, and whether you should be running away or whether you can tank it for a while.Aiming can be a bit awkward. Because your ship might be off to one side in 3rd person view, if you're close to a target, getting your shots to land can be frustrating.  At range, it's not a problem.Not enough aesthetic options for ship creation.Some kind of optional story/quest line would be nice... just to fill the gaps or provide a bit of structure if you feel you need it.THE GOOD========It's nice and easy to get to grips with, right from the outset. It doesn't bog you down with too much detail, but you always feel like there's something to do.It's an awful lot of fun sawing bits of enemy spacecraft, taking out their guns or thrusters, and cutting them apart with salvaging beams.Difficulty progression seems relatively well balanced - perhaps a little on the easy side at default settings. Consider cranking it up a bit.Just when you think you've seen it all, some new anomaly or sector-type turns up - or you can build a fighter-bay or install shields.  The game will always find something to keep you going.It's just so much fun.In short, I'm loving the game, and if I didn't have to go to work in the morning, I'd be playing it until the wee-small hours tonight."
,Recommended,445220,30739445,Posted: 25 March,all,Rocketshadows,This game is amazing.Do you like space?Do you like destruction?Do you like building enormous (or not so enormous) space destroyers?If you said yes to any of those questions i would highly recommend this game.
76561198040461949,Recommended,445220,31052958,Posted: 9 April,all,umos199,Good game that plays nice. and easy to play once you figure it out even a little bit. It does not run on my laptop witch is a shame however its not the games fault. that system is really old. my main system for games and what not this game runs fantastic and anyone who likes space games at a fair price will like this game!
76561197970708559,Recommended,445220,29512234,Posted: 26 January,all,Beertruck,"This game surprised me. I bought it in early access (despite my vow to never buy early access). And I have been playing it non-stop almost. If you like space games, and in particular games like X3 that pack alot under the surface, you owe it to yourself to give this a good look. The game keeps surprising me, and in good ways. Two thumbs up!"
,Recommended,445220,29627754,Posted: 1 February,all,MiniChiken,"I've had this game for 2 days and have put in 20 hours on my own hosted dedicated server. Aside from a few issues with the dedicated server which i'll go into later there really haven't been many bugs or issues with the game and I would highly recommend this game for anyone who enjoys space games such as EVE or Space Engineers, or voxel games such as MineCraft.PROs:- Huge Galaxy with a procedurally generated map which leaves each system feeling unique and alive- Easy to set up Dedicated server hosting, point - click - done.- Nearly endless possibilities on customization of your ship in regards to weapons, block configuration, and subsystems- Easy to understand tech progression doesn't throw too much at you at onceCONs:- Some bugs resulting in many many hours of progress to be lost, only seems to affect people connecting to dedicated servers and not anyone playing locally- Not much documentation on what functionality each block has along with any stats or benefits on placing more than one- Windows dedicated server doesn't seem to have any way to gracefully stop the server resulting in progress or ship loss at times."
76561198329828285,Recommended,445220,29543689,Posted: 28 January,all,LoLLipOp ᕦ(ò_ó*)ᕤ,"Too much things left to learn....All i can say is amazing as the way of your creation,exploration and builings.Hope for multiplayer and oval or round shape constructions."
,Recommended,445220,29621748,Posted: 31 January,all,caracciod,"minecraft mixed with Eve online, for 18$, considering this game is still in early access this game is great, can only imagine how great the finished product will be."
,Recommended,445220,31051482,Posted: 9 April,all,Puchiux,"I really recomend this game, it's just awsome but it has still a big problem. When you leave a sector, after a few minutes the sector unloades, so if you have any station there it became useless, so until that is changed, the stations are just useless... But apart of that the game it's okey"
76561198037227781,Recommended,445220,31129005,Posted: 13 April,all,enthnal,"Great game, can't wait for a few of the features to be implemented to support alliances and base building."
,Recommended,445220,31952177,Posted: 25 May,all,Laplace,It's a lot of fun to explore and shoot other ships. Just realize the physics heavy design of the game. If your ship gets damaged you might be flying funny until you can find a repair station. Luckily the miner droid is a good option when you decide to bail.
76561198134272389,Recommended,445220,29633054,Posted: 1 February,all,Normal69,"In a nutshell:A very good game, which combines From the Depths, Terratech, Minecraft, No Man's Sky, Space Engineers, X the space simulator in a multiplayer environment, dedicated servers available to Windows and Linux.This in-development game makes an enjoyable, complicated experience derived from it's simple mechanics.It has a very good and practical in-game tutorial, too.As it is tested by us, here are the steps and info I've hunted together for a stable gameplay:The mechanics will repair, altough slowly your unbroken parts - patience or money. :DMine 5000 iron and 1000 titanium or try, before building the first ship. Make battery, generator and integrity field from titanium.You will need a lot of energy for engines, jumpdrive, turrets, and upgrade modules!Mine more iron and you can sell that for credits.Get a lot of crew, some functions can be overpopulated for bonuses.You can set them to autopay salaries, and autoassign.Do not fear!On death, your turrets, upgrades, money, and building materials are kept, and you get a new mining drone at a friendly place nearby.Your ship will be lost, it's cost will be refunded, if you've got insurance.Turrets and upgrades in the destroyed ship also will. be lost.Your wreckage may remain there.Join in combat on your preferred side, after winning, clean up the rare parts of the wreckage with salvage cannons.Yes, the little mouse icon above some weapon groups can be right clicked.Bigger blocks have more HP, and other bonuses may apply.Intergrity field causes blocks in range seemingly have ten times their HP considering is it breaking off. The leftover damage applies to all blocks, and to your overall HP.The bigger is your ship, the more turret(civilian/military) and upgrade slots it will have.Examine the builder interface with scrunity - there is 3 axis mirror mode, it's just in a dropdown list. ;)You can exit and enter your ship by pressing T, if nothing/ship is selected.This way you can build more ships, stations and mines on claimed big asteroids (with crew, and captain), telling them what to do.If you are experiencing freezes, consider starting a dedicated server (just for singleplay, too).The info is here:http://wiki.avorion.net/index.php?title=Setting_up_a_serverI've also reduced sector activity without player 300 --> 30put up 4 threads instead one,and raised ten times the autosave: 600 --> 6000 and periodically typing into the chat /saveThese are seconds.It was a bit of problem setting me up for admin - it worked by adding my 17 digit steam id number into --admin in server.batDo not forget to /save your server, and /stop it, before quitting! :)"
,Recommended,445220,29547339,Posted: 28 January,all,L. F. Antrider,"This game has been more enticing in just 10 hrs of gameplay than 100+ hrs spent on Space Engineers... If you want to buy a game that actually has somewhat of a vision behind it and is likely to leave Early Access at some point (unlike the aforementioned game), this is it.  No planets, just space exploration, building and space battles.  High level of customization and well-designed game format.  Gameplay on top of the sandbox ship-building actually allows you to have a lot of fun even in EA and this is one of the best EA titles I've ever had in my collection.  Online hosting and servers are tight.  While there is progress to be made, I feel we have a real gem in the making here.***I will be posting a more detailed review once I put in around 100 hrs into the game and experience some of the update progress so I can give better commentary.***"
,Recommended,445220,29462053,Posted: 24 January,all,Peace was never an option,Like starmade and space engineers execpt with working netcode! Love this game.
76561198151622292,Recommended,445220,29909372,Posted: 13 February,all,Terminus,"This game does everything right as far as my tastes go with indie devs trying to make a great game. They even actually released an almost full game from the first day on Early Access. There is no skeleton waiting for the meat to come later with Avorion. Avorion is fun to play as it stands now to me. It definitely has amazing potential to be built on as well but the game is very playable as it stands.The downside is this is a very small team. The original Dev and one other dev handle everything as far as the development goes. They seem top notch though and very attentive to the community so it's not a horrible downside. What you can expect is bugs being awhile to fix, since it is just them, and a slow content cycle. It is German engineering though so you can expect them to be a little more efficient than most! :PThis game is a sci-fi sandbox/exploration game with a heavy emphasis on exploration. You won't get anywhere without digging around as you go. The way into the core demands you explore. I feel like it is hard to pin this game's gameplay on one game that came before it because it is so many of the best things, minus the worst, of so many games. I see a little bit of so many games in this game with its own personality on top of it. It's visionary in my opinion in that. You choose a path through a procedurally generated, massive galaxy the way you want with the sole goal of making it to the core, which is no easy task. And when you get to the center, it's the boss you expect to find there.And don't even for a second think the Rock, Paper, Shotgun review was good. The reviewer obviously wanted an easy start and an easy time of it. They should have just chosen creative if all they wanted to do is build ships. I wanted to scratch my way up to greatness and this game satisfied that for me. I'm sure many of you sci-fi sandbox players feel the same way so don't let that bad review sway you. The reviewer should be reviewing fluff titles since they want flashy things and easy gameplay from the start. I like the challenge and the thrill of finding great loot to upgrade with and Avorion will give you that and then some."
76561198041958996,Recommended,445220,30194901,Posted: 26 February,all,Jacoopi,"Solid gameplay, decent sounds, endless building mode. Defintely one of the better ""build your spaceship and explore"" type of games."
76561197994876565,Recommended,445220,29930717,Posted: 14 February,all,Fozgoz,"I do recommend the game, although it's early access:First things first: played for 96 hours on my easy singleplayer campaign. Not one single crash!I love the ship building, although it's a bit cluncky from time to time.I love the graphics, different factions and their unique (but randomly generated) look.I like the little story behind.I like the music.I can see potential for future updates.I hate the grinding part for different quests a lot.I hate the randomness in regards of jumping way to much just to find the correct good factory or trying outtoo many turret factories for good stats. Same here for research of weapons.What I want to see in the future: less randomness, even more weapontypes and diversity, a search button in the map (starting the searching for e.g.: laser compressor factory arround you)."
76561198242305640,Recommended,445220,30185343,Posted: 25 February,all,nscmichael,"This game..!You can build ships, explore, create factions, make alliances, you can even make floating art.But that's just a small part of the game.You start off in a sector and mine for materials. You then can make your desired ship with custom-sized blocks of your own, plus some systems like engines, thrusters, batteries, generators, shields, etc. You will find that you need specific materials for other systems or blocks/hull, and you will need to get closer to the center of the galaxy to find them. The galaxy contains 999 x 999 ( 998001 sectors!! ) and is also filled with pirates, ships, even more enemies, the Xsotan (I shouldn't spoil that for you.) As you defeat these enemies, you will obtain upgrades and turrets, and.. paint. The farther you go into the galaxy, the harder the enemies. Yes, there are actual 'bosses' per say, and they are pretty cool and very hard to destroy. However, there are also allies, friendly folk, and stations that you will pass and may trade or do business with.To my knowledge, there is NO limit to ships' size. You may make your ship however big you want, unless you actually finally find a limit... I doubt it.Keep in mind that the bigger the ship and systems, the higher the demand for crew.IT'S GOOD, IDK!!!GET IT!     >3<"
76561198028134949,Recommended,445220,30190200,Posted: 26 February,all,Kokobongo,"Escape Velocity + 3D + Fully Customizable ships, i mean fully customizable."
,Recommended,445220,30202430,Posted: 26 February,all,Hawthorn,"Great game really polished for a first build on Early Access. Hours and hours of play time.That said, its got a lot of work to be viable for long term playing. Many things like multiple systems, factories offline mining .. need to be added.But that said .. its 100% playable now .."
76561197975993674,Recommended,445220,30207370,Posted: 26 February,all,Thoth,"I haven't played for very long... so far it gives the impression of a pleasant mix of starcraft and X3.  I am enjoying it.You can tell its a work in progress... however, some parts are suprisingly polished... looking forward to it's future.Great job!"
76561198083458582,Recommended,445220,30303358,Posted: 3 March,all,VirusCTRL,"I love this game, and this will be my first review out of the many games I have played.In game, i have spent a total of 80+ hours. I approximately have about 1.6 billion. With that amount of money i can just buy resources and, basically, anything I want.Even though i have spent 80+ hours playing this game, i have NOT gotten to the center of the universe nor have i done any of the actually ""quest"" to get to the center. And before you criticize, yes, i do know to get to the center... i just never got to it.This is because I simply got... hm, whats the word im looking for.. I was, ""consumed"" by the vast universe that is this game. I spent a great deal of time of exploring, trading, and destroying fleets after fleets, and lastly, ship building.This is where the game, for me, gets stale. 2 things i need to mention.I have built a ship that requires over 1k crew. Its a simple design made to carry over 50k cargo (without mods), be EASY TO MANUEVER, and have long distance hyperspace jumps.After building the hull of the ship i came accross an issue. That issue is that I can no longer use portals to jump to other sectors in space. To me, this is a deal breaker. Even though i have about 20 sectors of jump, it is extremely annoying to have to go around rifts. This consumes more time than having to use a space portal to jump across rifts. There should be no size issues on space portals for ships to go through.Also, AI control is extremely bad. trying to have a ""fleet"" of ships follow you is EXTREMELY difficult. Jumping from sector to sector is frustrating because most of the time, MOST OF THEM WONT FOLLOW! SO YOU HAVE TO GO BACK AND FORTH TO GET THE OTHERS! PLEASE FIX! It should be an easy transition from one sector to the other.Another thing that might be helpful is being able to group ships like the way you can group fighters. It makes managing ships much easier.Also, the economy.. its ""meh"". Extremely easy to get $ in this game. Buy low, go next sector, sell high. Its gets pretty damn stale after getting a billion+ mark.Overall, great game.Needs a few tweeks, and itll be even better :)keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,445220,29929846,Posted: 14 February,all,Simic,"Avorion is an amazing Early Acess game. Me and my friends have been playing it and it's so much fun. It may look like building a ship can get uglu but it's actually really fun. So many ships to build, just look at the community page and check out all the ships people are building. I 100% recommend this for any that enjoys Space Sandboxes."
76561198105892050,Recommended,445220,30289402,Posted: 2 March,all,Narzgoth,"Built a main ship.  Got comfortable.  Built two more ships to begin my armada.  We travelled the sector defeating pirates and forming a triad bond.  Then I disembarked in my drone to mine some copper...and utter mutiny took place.  The two smaller ships must have been jealous and destroyed my drone, then turned on each other.  I raised them better than that.10/10 would experience mutiny again.Awesome early access game, still buggy of course.  Please fix subship AI!"
76561198129880730,Recommended,445220,33167677,Posted: 2 July,all,InfernoPythons cs.money,Love it for the mining and how creative you can get!
,Recommended,445220,33292608,Posted: 5 July,all,Dall [Ace Networks] [Dutch],"if you like spaceship, building and stratagy this is the game for you.although the rts part is something i find they should work on. just like the AI of your own ships. it should get more optiond. although its still in dev its already the best game in its category i've played so far."
,Recommended,445220,33206517,Posted: 3 July,all,Lawdaddy [MSQD],"It's intuitive, refreshing, can't wait to see it's ultimate potential unleashed."
76561198118959084,Recommended,445220,29670887,Posted: 3 February,all,Zarniwoop,"Great fun, is not to be confused as a clone of Space Engineers.More combat / trading focused.In description it sounds a lot like NMS, but it isn't as 'orrible an experience as that whole thing so just have a go at it."
,Recommended,445220,30146147,Posted: 24 February,all,ItzVozf,"Now, lets get into the great explanation of Avorion!So, you start off as a drone with absolutely nothing (unless you chose something below normal), and have no idea whats going on. Don't worry! The game may seem complicated and non-explanatory but that's what tutorials are for. Once you get into the game, you will be shown a message. What this message will say is ""Do you want to take the tutorial?"". CLICK YES FOR THE LOVE OF GOD! If you don't, you can always check it later in the top right (its the question mark button). However, a better way to get tutorials is online.TO THE PROS----------------------1. The game is vast and expandable! If the dev(s) are planning more for this game, then what you see when you enter the game is just the beginning! There is already so much content in the game already that I could consider it DONE. The trading system is amazing, the pirate attacks are a little tedious but provide a lot of loot. Aliens? YES! This game is a mish mash version of Space Engineers, Eve Online, and Spacemade. You will have much fun with all the content their is (If you actually try to play the game... unlike some people).2. The combat! It is a little dull at the beginning, but probably because you keep losing. But once you get higher into the game, it becomes much more fun! I only have 10 hours on this game, and it already got fun. If I can have fun within 10 hours, then you can too!3. Building! I have absolutely no idea how to explain how fun building is in this game. There's scaling, voxelization, cargo, shields, batteries, generators, solar panels. Avorion has a lot of blocks. But my favorite is the scaling. You can have teeny tiny blocks along with HUGE MEGA BLOCKS. I have much fun building in this game that it takes a lot of my time away from the actual game! But oh well, IT IS WAY TOO FUN!TO THE CONS----------------------1. The AI can be a little stupid...AND THATS ALL!!! 11/10"
,Recommended,445220,29576167,Posted: 29 January,all,Elite,"My thoughts and words at the start of all this....at the purchase and download screen:"" oh great another early access game """" WTF is this♥♥♥♥♥♥ its hardly even 400mb ""at the start of the game:"" Oh this is nice, and this, and this and this... ""40 hrs later...."" omg you can do this?! ""long story short, im still happly enjoying the game, i expected there to be like 4 different kinds of weapons and thats it, but it turns out theres alot more.10/10 would slam into somthing at full speed again..."
,Recommended,445220,33772095,Posted: 24 July,all,TheMRC,"tl;dr: Fun game, a little lackluster in the feature departement right now, but fully playable with a set goal and almost endless possibilities to customize your ship. Has the potential to be one of the best sci-fi-trading-sims on the market, if done right.Long version: Didn't knew what I was getting into after purchasing, thought to myself I'll refund if it isn't any good. 30 hours later I'm totally hyped to play more and more. This game is the kind of which you play by your own rules. Only using specific crew instead of the multifunctional ones? You can do that. Only play as a merchant? You can do that. You want to be the best fighter the universe has ever seen? Guess ♥♥♥♥ing what - you can do that.But just get this straight first: You start off with a simple drone that you can't customize. You start out to mine iron ore from asteroids. It doesn't take you long and you gathered enough to build your very first own ship. With this you start your journey to the center of the galaxy, ever upgrading your ship to meet the requirements. The system for progression, as of now, is fairly simple. There are different types of ore, all better then the previous one. After Iron you go for Titanium. After Titanium you go after the fictional Naonite. After that you go after the next one and the next one and so on until you get the best ore in the game for the best possible ship to build. Luckily, every ore has different properties (like mass, which influences how your ship accelerates or slows down), so you can mix them for the best results. You buy/salvage/loot weapons, mining or salvage lasers, even repair or tractor beams , all which have different stats (like rate of fire, distance, overheat capacity, damage and energy consumption) in different qualities - all build with respective ores.After a few hours you go from a small hauler to a big battleship on which you improve over the whole course of the game. And you won't have to stop there - you can assign a captain to an old ship to follow your commands. Sadly, as of right now the fleet management is barely implemented, you need to give orders one ship at a time, which makes managing a fleet a bit of a hassle. But hey, it's early access. I play with three small ships following my main ship and order them to mine a sector clear as soon as I enter. Makes progression faster, but you need to check on them every once in a while, because the pathfinding AI sometimes get stuck between some asteroids.The real fun though begins in multiplayer. Get some friends, join (or host) a server and you may end up with a great experience. And since the map is so freaking huge, no one will disturb you unless you play specifically this way.Sadly, the game doesn't update once you're out of a sector, so stations you built won't produce until you are in the same sector at the same time.A total recomendation for people who loved the X-series (minus Rebirth - ♥♥♥♥ Rebirth). 10/10."
76561198042052246,Recommended,445220,29450717,Posted: 23 January,all,Fat Yoshi,"Such a lovely game, even for an early access game it is really nice and polished and have not encountered a bug yet.Pros.-Ship creation is fun and easy to use-combat is pretty interesting-beautiful skybox- Fun sandbox game that is unique-Planets look really good idk if you can land but i guess not-the dialog between you and the ai is nice-has multiplayer-devs listen and keep on updating there game-alot of everything is procedurally generated adds alot of variety-this is some of this pros, theres probably more but lets keep this short-ishCons.Mining is sort of boringnot many cons for me yet but i need to play more to see.At the end of this all this game is fun game and offers many ways to play this game, not like ""cough cough"" no mans sky ""cough cough""."
,Recommended,445220,32714533,Posted: 24 June,all,bhbgrievous,This game is absoulutely amazing!!!! I can not wait for it to develop further. 20/10 Would recommend.
,Recommended,445220,32712896,Posted: 23 June,all,Faptor,"Amazingly fun game. Im only a few hours in and dont have alot of firepower but I do have a giant, heavly armord brick with a battering ram and several large engines >:DHonestly, its worth the money to try it out. So far in singleplayer I have no bugs and started to amas quite the fortune just from mining, im alittle bit scared to travel too far from the start point but I need better materials to mine to make an even bigger ship.I cant wait for them to add in boarding!"
76561198098172444,Recommended,445220,33169184,Posted: 2 July,all,Prophet Of Merci,"This is more of an informative review.Contents include: Multiplayer, Loot/modules/turrets, Mailing system, Alliances/factions, Ship blueprints, and Co-op; in that order... If you need me to add some more insight on something you want to know, just ask and ill dig for the info and post it here...***MULTIPLAYER***Single player and multiplayer is more or less identical in every way, shape, and form EXCEPT the fact that in multiplayer, there are other people who have just as much freedom of choice as you do. You can still build ships, make stations, kill stuff, raid, trade, mine, explore, salvage, loot etc; in both game modes.Main and most obvious difference as i said before is that in MP, there is OTHER PEOPLE. They CAN kill you, your ship DOES NOT disappear when you are offline....unless you are in a neutral sector, then you are fine...so a random person can suddenly and VERY randomly jump into 1 of thousands of sectors that may just have your ship in it if you parked it outside of said zones. What they do to that ship is entirely up to the player.Sure, certain servers an admin makes CAN set up rules and shmules against offline player killing/griefing, but no one will know who committed a crime or unlawful action without the proper scripts, mods, aaaaand perhaps basic knowledge of how to work under the hood for Avorion. Kinda hard keeping track of who has beef with who if your server has all the cool kids in it and it is considered popular. Larger populated servers has all kinds of people who come and go.Ok...with the new ""Alliance"" update that was recently released and avaliable in the BETA BRANCH ONLY (for now), theres is a way to...""Transfer"" a player's profile with all the loot, money, materials, and maybe colors he/she.../it has collected in a previous server; to a NEW SERVER. Obviously its pretty damn unfair if some new guy shows up with stacks on stacks of credits and materials, but i think its up to the server admins/owners to accept and upload the file to their server banks and fully add someone in with their previous crap.If you were to have a nice setup and empire in a previous server you joined for multiplayer/co-op purposes, and tried to join a fresh server unrelated to your previous one...you WILL have to start from scratch. So keep that in mind unless you want to go through the weird and somewhat complicated method i mentioned above.***LOOT/GEAR/DROPS***In MP, when a player in your same sector attacks your same target, loot that falls from the target is RANDOMLY split and NOT identical/mirrored for both attacking parties. Itd completely random loot depending on the ship you tackled together. Damage to a ship doesnt exactly play a role in who gets what, but usually who destroyed a particular PART (Turrets for example) of a ship.I had a nice cruiser running while helping out a new player in my server once, we fought an enemy together and some epic loot dropped while i did 98% of the damage to the target. Unfortunetly, the new kid got it and it was locked to him. So if i flew over the loot to claim it, the magic magnets in my ship wont pull it into my inventory.On another note...and kinda important if you care...if you got caught with your pants down and you are now pushing up daisies, your ship hull and any gear/weapons blown off of it will remain in the SAME exact spot you died at for about 12-24 hours i believe. They can be reclaimed...except the ship...which could STILL be salvaged for material if you have the capabilities to do so.The settings for despawn times on dead hulls and loot can be altered for deditcated/box-run servers. Im not too sure about regular hosted servers from someone's PC.**MAILING SYSTEM***Alright...now, theres a mail system in the game. This is utterly useless in singleplayer so id have to assume this game was built primarily with Multiplayer as your main chick and single player as a side chick. This mailing system in Multiplayer enables you and others to send written messages to eachother, with several boxes at the bottom of the mail interface that makes it possible to send attachments. These ATTACHMENTS can be anything from Credits, Materials/resources, and weapons/gear/modules.***ALLIANCES/FACTIONS***A recent update to the game enables official alliances or factions to be built by players. This also allows players to join/recruit other players into their faction and spread their dominance and territory claims via building various stations within certain sectors. By building these stations, you more or less ""Assert"" your dominance over a particular sector, spreading a sphere of influence on the map similar to other NPC factions. Now i have not yet played around with the new Alliance update so i dont have TOO much hands-on experience with the Alliances you can make.Factions/Alliances shared by players have something similar to a bank...or armory, resource pool, guild vault etc; that players can dump their collected resources/modules/turrets into IF they want.This Alliance vault i spoke of should allow peeps in your faction to take whatever it is they need to use.I have been told somewhere by someone that there ""Shoud"" be an interface somewhere in Allaince management that enables its members to view the currently owned stations/mines/factories you own as a collective. Whether this also includes the specific location, industrial/manufactoring status, hull integrity/condition of the station, or crew size/crew pay that due for the station is beyond me.Now I have no idea if there is a ranking system enabled with permissions set barring low ranked/new players from abusing the vault or viewing all of your important factories and locations.I have no idea if theres a donation system set for the Alliance incase special stations or projects need to be done, although the vault more or less covers that function i think.I dont know if theres a list of relations that everyone shares within their alliance that extends out to every single other NPC faction there is out there...which would be a nice feature. Basically everyone has the same relation with AI factions; within the alliance. So if a particular player or group of players improves or fuccks up relations with an npc faction, the relation status with everyone else associated with the Alliance changes as well.***BLUEPRINTS***You can build ships and stations the same way in both single and multiplayer...stuff can also crash into you OR attack you while building a ship in BOTH game modes, so use that knowledge as a quick reminder. Blueprints CAN be shared amongst eachother, regardless of relations or Alliance simply by using ""Run"" on your desktop, type ""%appdata%"", select ""Roaming"", select ""Avorion"", and finally select the ""Ships"" file that holds every blueprint along with every ship you named while playing avorion that has been sucessfully saved.Give another player the ability to download the file (use drop box or some crap like that) and they will have access to the stuff you made...Now...thats ONE way you can share blueprints...the other option is to use steamworkshop. Problem with that is the inability to load in a blueprint/ship mod you subscribed to...If you have this problem, just know that you must be opted into the BETA version of the game for the worshop ships to appear in game.To opt into the beta version of avorion, go to your library, right click avorion, properties, look left of the new ui for ""Betas"", and use that little damn bar it has to select the beta version. Make sure you game is fully closed before doing so, and wait for the new updates to sink into your harddrive before running her up again.So uhh...choose the old school method for vanilla and beta versions. Choose the ""beta"" bit if you are window shopping ship on the workshop.Mmm...you coooouuld allow someone to use your ships ingame via getting out of it in your drone, and allowing another player to use their drone to get close to said"
,Recommended,445220,29767506,Posted: 7 February,all,Tzokke,After playing this for a couple of hours all I can say is that this game has great potential. None of the clunky interface issues most games of this sort tend to have and great performance with good visuals. I cant say much about the actual gameplay portion of the game because I spent most of my time just building all kinds of crazy ships. I will update this review after I actually play in the sandbox instead of just messing around with the toys.
76561198008681235,Recommended,445220,29763203,Posted: 7 February,all,longshot.last,The game is very fun to play the game still has a few rough edges as expected with a early access game but its tones of fun ive been playing it for about a week and its still a blast
,Recommended,445220,30089671,Posted: 21 February,all,& Knuckles,"Amazing ship building game that feels quite immersive and smooth when it comes to traveling the galaxy.Single dev working on this title, but he's made quite the gem.The game does lack some QoL aspects, and the AI can be derpy, at best.But all for all, 11/10, would explore more galaxies again."
76561198032472345,Recommended,445220,29715743,Posted: 5 February,all,Dyskord,"What can i say, decent game, decent fun to play despite being not finished.Might be a bit rough around the edges, and some of the ""Main Story Quests"" can get a bit annoying, especially because the highest tier material is locked behind a tedious process (imho).Other than that, really enjoyable even in this early access state and the dev is super active, at least at time of writing this."
76561198061668127,Not Recommended,445220,29507852,Posted: 26 January,all,joshbogs,"Arg, 57 hours lost to four different maps. First three ship despawned. No big deal I'll start again. Fourth time ""Press spacebar to begin"" while pirates destroyed my ship while I listened in confusion to what the sounds were and when I realized it was to late. Worth the entertainment I got out but I am not going to be wasting more time reaching endgame just so it could be lost mid way repeatedly."
76561197965285141,Recommended,445220,29476877,Posted: 24 January,all,Frizzank,"Awesome game, I like it much better than the other space building games. Mostly because this one works.Missions keep it fun and pull the focus away from being a space wrecker or miner all the time.Building ships is as easy or complex as you want it to be."
,Recommended,445220,30210565,Posted: 26 February,all,Knight Anderson,Great game especially when you play with friends.
76561198165953869,Recommended,445220,30200496,Posted: 26 February,all,Ace The Creator,Fun game so far
76561198004816637,Recommended,445220,29471104,Posted: 24 January,all,rmooney01,"If you are deciding if you should buy this..... stop deciding and buy it.The ship building is simple and excellent. You can create some very nice looking ships with the blocks and scaling options. And can do it in minutes, not hours.Ship combat actually works. Where you shoot is where it hits. And what it hits is damaged, not just an over all affect on the enemy. You can take out engines and gun turrets....Power management of your ship is a real thing. Add too many upgrades that use power and systems start failing. I had crew members die from the life support going out!You can build and control other ships to mine, fight, escort, patrol, etc. You can launch fighters to assist in a battle. Have not done this one personally, but watched a player video of it..The basic, blocky look from the scrren shots and videos are a product of the proceedural generation of ships and stations. User created content can look amazing. I built a ship in about 6 minutes that looks great, but is extremely simple. A person with imagination and a bit more time could bring just about any sci fi ship into this game.So many things I have yet to do and learn, but if I paid $1 per hour of entertainment.. I'd break even tonight. But as this just was released EA, it can only get better!"
,Recommended,445220,29467716,Posted: 24 January,all,Shirethrone,"I can recomment this game. It already offers a lot of content but lacks a real goal (Sure you can fly to the center of the galaxy etc.). But you're free to set your own golas.The game reminds me of the old X games with more customization.The integrated tutorial is really useful and gives you a good introduction into the basics but leaves it to you to figure out deeper mechanics, which is a fun process.One drawback is the current loading system. I.e you can't have dedicated traders in different sectors because they get unloaded after some time etc. But the impact of this issue depends on your playstyle and the devs said that they will work on it."
76561198052648564,Recommended,445220,30250430,Posted: 28 February,all,alain-iz,I can't believe this game is early acccess it has more features then most games on steam very incredible game that said time to give the good and bad review out of this game.Pro:-You can build upgrade your ship.-Large galaxy map.-You can trade with other station or build your own and make your own income.-Build an armada of ships to your sector to defend or conquer.-Fight pirate or unknown alien earn the loots or become a pirate and become an outlaw.-Mine resources grain money.-Gain reputation by mining or killing the aggressors from other faction to gain their trust and friendship.-Jump into hyperdrive to any place you want to explore ( no you don't really need portals to go where you wanna go)Cons:-the station that you build are supposed to give you decent income are overly expensive making it hardly worth your time.-the trading system is overly complicated good luck doing quests.-some of the feature you won't know unless you do some reaserch on the internet like how to build your own factories.-its a ironman game you don't choose when you can save you make any mistakes and you can't go back to your old save whats done is done.-Theres a lot of grinding you be sitting hours mining.Overall the game is a very fun and i recommend all the sci-fy treky to try it.
76561198086361371,Recommended,445220,34500149,Posted: 26 August,all,zangatti,"It's really fun to size your ship up the more you travel, then go back to where some jerks were hostile to you for no reason and destroy all their space stations.It does get repetetive, though."
,Recommended,445220,31648119,Posted: 9 May,all,Rattletrap,"Awesome game, lots to do, and its only getting better. Even supports moddingAlso, the devs release detailed development updates in between game updates, which seems to be rare for other early access devs these days. Very nice to see it."
76561198016241613,Recommended,445220,34450230,Posted: 23 August,all,carlperry123,"Early Access Review-The good:  Like how I can download ship designs from the workshop.  Even though I am creative, I find I like other people's creations better and enjoy playing with them.  I like that there are different ""levels"" of space with higher levels producting higher level gear and enemies but if you want to pick on something weak just move to a lower level sector.  I like managing the crew of the ship although I think this needs some work.The Bad:  Captain controlled ships are sadly not worth using yet.  I want a fleet but the ships don't earn their upkeep.  Also, Mining ships cannot defend themselves and do not run away from enemies.The Ugly:  The computer generated AI ships are for the most part awful looking.  I would like to see the dev's use player created ship designs selected from the Workshop as default ships for AI use.  It would greatly improve the visual look of AI ships and stations."
,Recommended,445220,32704524,Posted: 23 June,all,C_Corp2002,Love the game!Pros:Fun!Simple!Cool Graphics!SOOOO many explosions.Cons:NONE -- for an Alpha GameOver all:BEST 17/14 dollars ever spent!I would rate 1000% if possible
76561198030313208,Recommended,445220,35049386,Posted: 18 September,all,x4vn,Simply the game I've been waiting 20 years for - if you haven't played it do. Far too cheap for the gameplay that currently exists even though it's early access.
,Recommended,445220,29687258,Posted: 4 February,all,Synfyre @ Null,This game is responsible for my lack of sleep.
76561198040545746,Recommended,445220,29689355,Posted: 4 February,all,NarrowGlitch,"very sexy game.here some commands single player/ online play/sethome   only in friendly sectors/give <player> <amount> <resource>    giving yourself or other player recource  (if you lost your ship five times.... very handy)/give -p <player> arg -g avorion arg -a 1000000 arg""-p"" is the player you want to give it to""-g"" is the item (can be any material or credits)""-a"" is amount you want""arg"" after each command segment--help: show help message--port arg: listening port of the server Default: 27000--max-players arg: maximum number of online players Default: 10--save-interval arg: timestep between savings Default: 300--server-name arg: server name, will be displayed when queried - added in 0.10.1--galaxy-name arg: galaxy name, appended to datapath, final path will be [datapath]/[galaxyname] - added in 0.10.1--datapath arg: folder the galaxies will be stored in, will be prepended to galaxy name--admin arg: steam id(s) of the administrator(s) of the server--seed arg: seed of the server--difficulty arg: difficulty of the server, allowed values are: -3, -2, -1, 0, 1, 2, 3 Default: 0--infinite-resources arg: enable infinite resources for all players--collision-damage arg: amount of damage done to an object on collision, from 0 to 1. 0: no damage, 1: full damage. default: 1--same-start-sector arg: indicate if all players should start in the same sector--threads arg: specify the number of threads used to update the sectors-t [ --trace ] arg: tracing options. Can be more than one. Allowed values are: network scripting threading io database input error warning exception user game system debug sound gl all--exit-on-last-admin-logout: shut down when last administrator logs out--stderr-to-log: redirect std error output from console to log file--stdout-to-log: redirect std console output from console to log file--public arg: indicate if the server should allow other players to join--listed arg: indicate if the server should show up on public server lists--use-steam-networking arg: use steam networking and authentication for users"
76561198068469768,Recommended,445220,29651914,Posted: 2 February,all,PPPPP37,Such an awesome space sandbox with so much potential. Already there are so many mechanics that go very in depth. The devs are active and I can't wait to see where this one goes.
76561198041306023,Recommended,445220,29754661,Posted: 6 February,all,bobbyyug,This game even in early access is worth its price im already 50+ hours in and still only in single player there is so much to do in this game theres no reason you shouldent play it.
76561198277597514,Recommended,445220,29485929,Posted: 25 January,all,The Incredible Hulk,This game takes eve and makes it like kerbal......and even that is a hard comparison. Buy it with a buddy and you won't regret it.
,Recommended,445220,29651597,Posted: 2 February,all,Warhawker,"My only regret, is not buying this sooner."
,Recommended,445220,29488955,Posted: 25 January,all,andyisyoda,This game is a lot of fun - playing it on my channel now!
76561198054120040,Recommended,445220,29477624,Posted: 24 January,all,Helpful Bot,"Will elaborate later, too busy playing it."
76561198086236467,Not Recommended,445220,29867759,Posted: 12 February,all,Airianna,"KIind of mixed feelings for this game. *psst only had the game 50 hours so far*I love that I can design my own ships from scratch, and use them for various purposes.Naturally I played creative mode for a while, to get the feel of the controls, and how things work at least to some extent.Noobish responses to the game:I was trying to create something that looked like a Star Trek ship, or Star Wars style, since there are no rounded pieces, this isn't as easy as I was hoping it would be. Will find a way to work around it :)I can't seem to figure out this weapon deal, for adding more non/weapons to a ship. I more than quadrupled the size of the ship, have ample power being generated, but still can only have 2 or 3 weapons, and 1 scavanger deal.Also, in the play, I have 1 open slot for a ship upgrade, next available with 12.xx m3? And I am at 1.2, that's a massive gap between 1st and 2nd upgrade.In game modeWhile mining, A few bandits attack, ok, this is fine, I mine the pirates to death, that's cool, only had 1 gun, and is a small ship. Ok, repair the ship, go back to mining, collecting resources to sell. Add a few more pieces to the ship, then sell left overs, having been recently attacked, figured there would be a timer to how long the next attack would be, apparently not, 3 more pirates show up, Ok, took heavy damage, but destroyed them, went to repair, and was lacking materials. Before I could limp somewhere to get more materials, or even try to see if the repair dock would work, in comes 3 alien vessels, that attack on sight. Basically, there needs to be a pieceful mode as well. I did choose beginner for difficulty.1 issue noticed, while in build mode, it said I had fewer mechanics than what i actually have, by about 10, perhaps it doesn't count the hired hands, that fill those spaces as well?Do I recomend this game? HELL NO! It's still early access, and no doubt has lots of wrinkles and more to be added over time.I enjoyed building the ships and stations myself, more so than fighting. I would love there to be a way to just be a mechanic, and repair/build ships for the NPCs no matter where I am.I hope there are going to be ways to diplomatically change regular factions of choice into neutral or friendly targets. *bandits, pirates, and stray Aliens can die*As it stands, the game is indeed very playable.The graphics are good enough, and the low poly count for the scene will keep lower end systems from lagging while moving around.Beginner should = Pieceful mode, where you go to find fights away from main ""base"" locations. Where they don't ever go into those locations with jump gates and a few factories. I would keep them out of most of those locations till normal mode.I wonder if there will be a way to reach the planets eventually, that would be cool.Edit: (Feb 20,2017)I found the console commands to give myself what I needed for a decent ship with shields. Found out quickly, you need money to build the ship, as well as the resources. When using a Shipyard, that should be 1 or the other, noth both. After combat, found out that you again, need money and materials to repair. Also, the frequency of the raiders/Aliens/bandits, is the correct sequence making it impossible to just be a miner. ie: You CAN'T be anything you want, because you are FORCED to fight. And to that I say, ""Lame!""Combat gets to be repetitive very quickly. And the worst part is it takes longer and longer to win as you get closer to the center, with only Enemies at every gate, or nearly every gate. And as your ship gets bigger in the outter systems, so do the assault ships that attack, realy takes the fun out of it. My oven lost it's heat, because the game doesn't have the NPCs fallow the same requirements as you do.I am reluctantly swapping from recomended to not recomended, as the game will only frustrate and inferiorate you as you progress through it, IF you manage to progress at all. Those who can't handle stress, STAY AWAY FROM THIS PILE OF CODE... If you find being stressed out at every turn is fun, by all means, get this game."
76561198030934859,Not Recommended,445220,33644885,Posted: 18 July,all,ahernam,Since the alliance update this is totally unbalanced for single player.  The changes to shields and weapons able to penetrate shields means I lose a 3rd of my hull and shields within 20 secs of a fight.  The only thing I can do is run.70% chance of some weapons going through shields and doing a heap load of damage to your ships is nuts.  Looks like dev has only listened to multiplayer and ignored single player.   Very promising game screwed up because some players think it's to hard to destroy shields.    I can understand for multiplayer but not single player.
76561198176171257,Not Recommended,445220,31939603,Posted: 24 May,all,stoicboss101,"This game has massive potential, but it will need a fair bit of upgrading to get my stamp of approval. It's pretty fun with friends but it does get repetitive.I'll be watching this one with excitement, but for now the lack of content and things to do (other than build a biger and bigger ship and shoot) I have to give it a sad thumbs down.I'll update my review when there is more for me to interact with other than asteroids and the occasional pirate convoy. :)"
76561198045455980,Recommended,445220,30566633,Posted: 17 March,all,Baby Cakes,Definitely my new Favorite Game. I dont even know where to begin. Its like Starpoint meets Eve Meets E:D meets Minecraft? Flipping Awesome. I can't wait until they add more content. I hope I never reach an endgame point. This game is amazing. So friggin glad I decided to buy it. Im addicted.
76561197984672260,Recommended,445220,30570953,Posted: 17 March,all,Maffin,"A game I was always waiting for! It sorrta combines the creativity of Minecraft and the freedom of EVE. Or let's say, Freelancer with selfmade ships.Compared to other block-games out there, Avorion has a very intuitiv ship building system, once you get into it. Just check out the community page on steam or google for some ships.The randomly generated and very huge galaxy of 1 million systems makes it feel you're alone in space.It's a lot of fun to travel the galaxy in search for better minerals, weapons, upgrades or trade-routes.Of course, it's still early access, nevertheless I haven't experienced any major bugs.For everybody who likes spaceship games, exploring and/or building own ships and station should give it a try."
,Recommended,445220,29598732,Posted: 30 January,all,-=HATE=- Leviathan,"Ever play Freelancer and think to yourself ""Man, I wish I could build whatever size ship I want, and have AI wingmen!"". Played X3 and went ""This game would be perfect if it just had multiplayer!"". Or space engineers and thought ""Ok, I'm not smart enough to play this game."" THEN BUY THIS GAME. NOW."
,Recommended,445220,30403029,Posted: 8 March,all,HazMatGuy,"TL;DRGUNS of all kindsMONIES that you get from killing stuff or sellingHONIES that you have to buy to shoot your guns (game calls them crew, but I see what I want to see)FAME helps your reputation with different factions for....trading... but also better prices in selling stuff you don't useORThis game is what I really wish space engineers would've done, with random NPC factions and reputations, TONS of trading, loads of different guns, mining of course, salvaging, and stations! Build your own ship from scratch, or you can get ship yards to randomly make one for you. You can even make a fleet of ships and command them around RTS style! I highly recommend this game if you are a big fan of the Starpoint Gemini series as it is fairly similar.I love this game so far and I hope that if others can get past the initial grind of killing enemies and mining some ores to make their own first ship, the game can speed up dramatically with the use of hangars. Ships can release little miners or salvagers or even fighters to aid you! And as you build your ship larger, it enables you to add more modifications to add even more guns or perks that add more shield or power or radar scanning or even cargo room if you're into ""trading"". But lets face it, all the ladies flock to your cruiser for the guns ;)My only complaint would be the amount of mining it takes to get ores to build your ship. I would prefer if you could at least get accellerated amount of starting ores so you don't make as much money but you could build a decent ship to start with to keep you interested. One of the biggest selling points and honestly a huge part of the game is building, so once you get a ship started, you can at least trade or kill to make money and you could honestly just buy ores to upgrade."
,Recommended,445220,29493275,Posted: 25 January,all,WrathRox,"This game reminds me of space engineers, kerbal, eve online and starmade. It was super fast to load up the game and your first galaxy.The game has some decent graphics which are set on high; but if you turn the graphics up to ultra you'll see a better texture difference of the game. Have yet to see a noticable difference of having shadows on or off. The only problem I was having when I first ran the game was the issue with fullscreen on 1920 x 1080. It shifted half my screen about 2 inches to the left. So I set it back to bordless screen and it fixed the issue.Playstyle is just like eve online mixed with starmade. From high graphics to the normal settings it first gave me I was like man these textures are horrible. But when I turned everything on and set to high graphics the textures looked better.The game has a single and multiplayer mode. I have yet to try the multiplayer part to see if it has any issues. But I created my first galaxy on single player and it had created the galaxy super fast compared to most games these days that take forever to load up.Single player also comes with a full basic tutorial on how to move the ship around and then you'll be able to name your first ship and mine off your first asteroid to build the ship.If you enjoy ship building games like space engineers, eve online, starmade, minecraft mod ""tekkit"". I'm sure you'll enjoy this game but my recommendation of this game would be a 8/10."
,Recommended,445220,30381859,Posted: 7 March,all,Dudezz,"I was having so much fun with my little friend, we did everything together, then he backstabbed me for iron ore and warped away, but good game..."
,Recommended,445220,29470179,Posted: 24 January,all,Skyblade,Think Space Engineers meets X4. This game is already epic going into early access and I can't wait to see where it goes months from now! (I CAN MAKE A CARRIER FLEET!)
,Recommended,445220,29471739,Posted: 24 January,all,jrkempf,I am incredibly impressed and excited about this game!!!   It's everything I could want out of a science fiction sandbox!   I have a feeling I will be spending many hours on this!
76561198014326158,Recommended,445220,29591713,Posted: 30 January,all,Vyvjala,"This is a great game that I can't put down. The amount of procedurally generated content from what's in each sector to the space ships you see for the various factions is amazing. There are tons of factions, items to trade and types of stations that each has a purpose. Random events keep things interesting while you collect ore to build your ship. You can do missions to earn money or never touch them. I prefer to battle pirates and protect friendly factions from raiders -- they will pay you once you dispatch the hostiles without even taking a mission. On top of all of that there are several types of ore in asteroids that you can mine. Higher tier ores have beneficial properties that can help your designs. The better metals are also further from your starting point and in more difficult areas. Rather not mine? No problem. You can salvage wrecks or buy ore from mining stations or certain space stations. The galaxy is vast, dynamic and very fun. Upgrading your ship and finding parts for it is a ton of fun. I enjoy building my space ship but if you rather not spend time moving blocks around then you can just have one designed for you at any shipyard. What a great game.... and it's only in Early Access!"
76561198308165016,Recommended,445220,33117693,Posted: 1 July,all,FluffyTaur,"First off, this game is fairly new. the servers are not the best but its good enough to play with.Pros:- a HUGE galaxy to explore- theres factions you can ally- attacking is great-build your own ship and make it Beast-good community, people wont likely to attack u if they see u- there are missions you can do and fight huge bosses if you encounter oneCons:- Wierd looking ships that look like long sticks which makes it kinda hard to shoot at- if you leave the server, your ship will still stay there so anything can attack it, UNLESS you are in a safe neutral zone- game isnt optimized well, but thats cuz the game is fairly new- if the server is laggy while you attack ships, sometimes they glitch out in one place- if you are in a faction war, that causes HUGE lag the whole server and everyone in it, so warp out if that happensoverall i recommend if you play on a multiplayer server, play with around 10 people maximum and if you just wanna play singleplayer then you dont have to worry bout a thing"
76561198188155402,Recommended,445220,32698758,Posted: 23 June,all,Degan,"Great little game.  Low stress, easy to learn.  Always something new"
,Recommended,445220,30249214,Posted: 28 February,all,RiskyTisky,Really good game.
76561197978949156,Recommended,445220,29756769,Posted: 6 February,all,Shifters,This Game is great you can make anything there no limit on what you can make with a living world Crew aspect so many things to do.I have high hopes for this game..
76561198028884388,Recommended,445220,29532722,Posted: 27 January,all,GravyBacon1,"SO.... Elite Dangerous, Eve Online, and Space Engineers walk into a bar one night. They sit down and start getting their drink on when they notice this gorgeous woman at the bar. After some pestering, the guys convince Elite to go and talk to her. They chat for a while and Elite comes back with a huge grin on his face.""Why are you smiling?""""Well.... she wants to have a gang bang.... with all three of us.""Nine months later, Avorion was born."
76561197962686439,Recommended,445220,29577292,Posted: 29 January,all,joeycase,Amazon game! Happy to give them my money. This game makes me believe in early access again. I love hearing that people are complaining about a game that have 20 or more hours in. Its a privilage to get to play this before it comes out.
,Recommended,445220,29866934,Posted: 11 February,all,Geffenleffen,"A decent game with alot of content to offer for early access, and for 20$ it is a rarity on the steam game market for that price. Worth the buy indeed if your into space sandbox games."
,Recommended,445220,30454476,Posted: 11 March,all,bad_luck,"This is a great(maybe the best) example how a early access game should be like.The game offer almost full experience (unlike some games that are in EA for like 3 years and still are not fully playable)has very good performace(if you are not going completly mad with your ships *cough *cough)and is almost bugfree.There were only a couple bugs i noticed:in building mode the game does not take the lvl of your crew into acount(it may say you have to little crew for your ship, which isn't the case)some times when you shot a lot of guns on one ship, that would be a oneshot, the destruction is delayed( in my case 18x railgun with 1600 dmg each)(maybe just present with railguns due to the armor piercing effect)sometime your fighters(you can have hangars on your ship and carry aroung up to 120 AI controled fighters) attaced allyed ships(may have been my own mistake)some strage world generation( since it's procedural)things i want to be chaged/improved:I want to be able to enter a key on the map term(e.g. ""steel factory"") and it should highlight the sectors i have been  that have that building and so onI wish for the higher LVLs of the ""trading computer"" upgrade to show you all offers in a given radius(e.g. 5 sectors) that would be very confortable for seaching for crafting components.I think it would be cool to be able to build your own trading station that would buy the good you chose at the price you chose from NPCs and players ( and attract NPCs based on the price you set(e.g. you set a price 20% over avg. so they will come more likely))the possibilty to build all types of station and not only the recource stationsthanks for reading and excuse my bad english, it's not my first language."
76561198021845504,Recommended,445220,33467262,Posted: 11 July,all,Demonicus,"I've had this game for 2 weeks and I have 140 hours in it.  That should speak for itself.  Granted, there was a July 4th long weekend in there, but still.I personally feel that this game is worth the price of a AAA title ($60) as it has more content and replayability than most, if not all, AAA titles.  I can't believe there are reviews which claim the game isn't worth $18...that's just crazy talk coming from people who are used to games that lead the player through them on a leash.  This game feels like a sandbox until you realize there is an overarching story and questline waiting for you to discover it.  To think that this is the product of a one-man dev team is freakin awesome!I can see myself putting several hundred more hours into Avorion.  When I managed to wreck my first ship into an asteroid and had to start a new ship from scratch, I was pretty put off, but I realized that I had learned some stuff since my first build so I incorporated my new knowledge into the new build and ended up with a much more powerful and usable ship.  I drove that one around for days but then managed to wrap it around an asteroid and lost it too.  It was then that I learned I should be hitting up friendly shipyards to make them my new respawn point because my ship blew up on the other side of the galaxy.  I had to travel all the way to the wreck of my old ship to gather up all my gear and augments to outfit my new (and even better) ship.  I have to admit that learning my lessons the hard way instead of learning from the tutorial has made this game even more enjoyable.My latest ship is based on the Battlestar Galactica.  It's a beast.  I just learned how to build using the mirror mode too, so I'm already sort of looking forward to wrapping the Galactica around an asteroid so I can build an even better ship.  However, I'm just learning about AI Captains and that I can build an entire fleet of ships (and even space stations), so I'll probably just AI the Galactica and build another ship to double the size of my ""fleet""...LOL.I've managed to get past the rim and into the center of the galaxy.  Avorion, here I come!  Can't wait to go up against the big ""Boss"".If you even halfway enjoyed Freelancer, and you have an ounce or two of creativity, you will gobble this game up.  If any more content or refinement is delivered in future installments, I'll gobble it up too.  It's already a very polished game and totally worth every single penny."
76561197976158361,Recommended,445220,29881635,Posted: 12 February,all,dG B-UNIT,"Winner Winner, Intergalactic Chicken Dinner !"
,Recommended,445220,29884694,Posted: 12 February,all,seitwÄrts,"Hello Guys,I played it for 14 (straight) hours...It is f****ing awesome.Positive:Complex but easy to handle ship build modeGood ship management (you have to assign crew to weapons engines and so on)Random Events from traveling traders to epic bossfights (and EPIC loot)Put your loot on your ship (upgrade and weapons)Faction SystemGiant LIVING GalaxyBuild your own fleet and command it in RTS-StyleMod supportNegativeCamera sometimes a little confusing (On big ships you cannot see how long it is)Music outfight is boringTutorial could be more advancedSometimes the blocks don not fit like I want, but probably it is just meNo abosulute stats in HUD like velocity, only not much saying barsThere I some things wich I did not include in the list above, because it is still early access (13.02.2017 DD/MM/YYYY)No public server-browser, which is already announces and will come soon appearentlySome bugs:-some station seems to be useless/buggy due to no docking area-AI of your Ships behave very strange sometimes, NPC AI is not smart but reliable-Some HUD Bugs-Aiming reticles jumping up and done (not game breaking but annoying to watch)TLD;DR it is a combination between Starmade and X3 TC but still early accessWill try to keep this up to date"
,Recommended,445220,29640550,Posted: 1 February,all,Blue ★ Striped Panties,A satisfyingly simple space game with a pretty good soundtrack.
76561198111871878,Recommended,445220,30276083,Posted: 2 March,all,-TFA- Non-Hodgkin lymphoma,Is a good time sink
76561197972743620,Recommended,445220,30410130,Posted: 9 March,all,Daunmi,"While there is clearly more work to be done on the game, there's currently plenty of substance to it that makes it worth the current price, and you can see the direction the game is moving in.Good work, developers, and good luck on future improvements!"
,Recommended,445220,30176113,Posted: 25 February,all,๖ۣCaptain ๖ۣJohnWick,"EA done right. Hell it even does Proc Generation right. There's really nothing bad that I can say about this game, and that's coming from a jaded old gamer who is hard to impress. Bugs: minimal, and tolorable. Ui glitches are fine and not game breaking. Controls: Intuitive and customizable. Resource gather is actually enjoyable, as opposed to the usual grind that sandbox games have. The AI is responsive and can actually give you a challenge deeper into space, while not being too overwhelming at the start (unless you want to play insane settings which is also fun). You can rent a $5 server from some hosts or run one yourself, up2u. And if you like modding your games, or creating mods yourself, the process is simple. I'm sure workshop will be added eventually but it's not really needed as the base files for the game are laid out in a simple, elegent manner.This game has so much going for it already and the potential for more coming from this game is guaranteed. With a great modding community like this one has, the game will also continue to grow even after the last bug is squased and the last official update is released.My only request is MASSIVE, OFFICALLY LISTED SERVERS WHEN??"
76561198198007561,Recommended,445220,29516076,Posted: 26 January,all,Mr.Bombastic,"This is a good game right now, it does have a few bugs, which is kinda expected being early access. The only bad thing i have to say though is a bug/glitch, i dont even know what it is though, Singleplayer worlds are on a server, dont need internet but still annoying and it likes to shut down once you reach a certain part of the galaxy and you lose your ship in the process. In all, good game, worth $20, but i would wait about a month or so so this server bs is done screwing up my galaxies."
,Recommended,445220,29593035,Posted: 30 January,all,Architectcobra,"This is the best game I have ever played, it is so much fun. Creating your own ships from a single block, into a Stargship of limitless size and power. Creating your own faction having a fleet of ships you've designed under your order, space stations, Miners, Traders, Warships, or a mix of all of them. I am SHOCKED i've never heard of this game until now. If you are a huge fan of the X Series, Eve Online, to some degree Minecraft(Because it's Voxel based), you will fall in love with this game. I will be playing this game for many years to come, I can already tell. Great job Boxelware. FANTASTIC JOB! +1 <3"
76561198030843928,Recommended,445220,29515454,Posted: 26 January,all,VisonKai,"This game is a real piece of work. I love it. It has just about everything I could want -- the ability to turn my mind off and just zen out after a stressful day, AND lots of really tense, fun moments as well. The shipbuilding tool is cool, and even though the ships look pretty weird they start to grow on you after a while. The mining and salvaging is a relaxing, satisfying grind, that can also be automated if that's too much for you. Trading is just as much about exploring to find the best possible routes as it is moving from point A to point B and back again. The combat is exciting, and while it's not the single greatest space combat game ever created, it's very satisfying.All that said, the game definitely has that indie, early-access rough around the edges feel. There's a few bugs that might be a nuisance, and some systems can feel a little clunky at times. Furthermore, there's some areas where it's obvious that there should be content where there simply isn't any. If you put a high value on polish and smooth feel, this might not be the game for you. Otherwise, I think you'll love it."
76561197973167095,Recommended,445220,29547032,Posted: 28 January,all,Tythiss,"Alright, I am at 7.9 hours in, and despite getting rocked by the ai repeatedly, and forgetting to insure my ship. I am enjoying myself.A little grindy early on it would seem, but so far I would reccomend the game to freelancer fans, it isn't quite up to that standard really, but for an alpha it seems close."
,Recommended,445220,29482603,Posted: 25 January,all,Excelsior[DDZ],Anyone who played and enjoyed the game Jumpgate will instantly fall in love with this game. I have played 16 hours as of this writing and STILL learning new things and new ways to do things.
,Recommended,445220,30060739,Posted: 20 February,all,Tarax00,"I have now played this some 33 ish hours and I still feel like I barely started - Having a blast so far and must say it's - Very addicting, emphasis (for me) on the creative aspect and what you can do with it i find really cool.Its a bit clunky in the design window but once you get used to it you can create cool things.Hoping they will add a way to move the camera around freely there though at some point.But thats my biggest gripe so far really.Another small gripe is that perhaps salvaging is a BIT to OP? They should make salvage field licenses way more expensive IMO from what it is now. costs you like 20k for some 10-20 minutes and you can get resources and tech out of it worth 10 times as much.Still need to build a space station etc as well. but So far so good!  Ill try to update this as I progress further into the game!"
76561198096337914,Recommended,445220,29512374,Posted: 26 January,all,FluffyCherryPie✰,"This game deserves 7/10 even in its early stages I thoroughly enjoy running around in a giant ship smashing everything and even having a little trouble along the way, earning resources and building new ships is always a delight.Pros:-Great soundtracks-Awesome building system-Good variety of ship styles-Never a dull moment-Nice Combat visuals and systems-Well done AI-Very good optimization for a 3D space game-Not AAA graphics but definitely goodCons:-Soundtracks are cut short :(-Losing connection every few hours-Game doesnt handle large scale battles very well-Tone down the lighting effects, somtimes they glitch out and cover the screen in light blinding the player~Overall this game has a lot to work on, and a lot done already continue the good work and hell this game may rival many of the top space sandbox games today."
76561198006731493,Recommended,445220,29546954,Posted: 28 January,all,Augmenton,"Long story short, I recommend this game in that if it keeps moving forward from where it started it will be very good but right now it’s definitely got some issues.---Being early access there are definitely a boatload of things that need to be tweaked. For example: the resource and ship progression. The starting resource (iron) is plentiful and very easy to come by. It’s also comically weak and doesn’t support the creation of energy blocks, which are needed for any kind of ship with more than basic capabilities. However, titanium (the next level) is really hard to come by in large quantities, which forces the player to roam into areas too advanced for their craft, and dying is perma-death for their ship.Additionally, the pacing of building a ship is a bit off. It takes no time at all to quickly out class the resources and tech available to you. You’ll find that you have this “huge” ship with odds and ends stuck here and there, but can only pop three or four turrets on it and those turrets are wimpy. So you wander through this limbo time where the resources needed to advance are sparse and in dangerous territory, your ship is large and a bit cumbersome, your jump drives are really short range so you’re forced to follow pre-determined waygates, and your weaponry is paltry. So far that’s where I’ve spent about 6 of my current 10 hours of game play.Next, quests and game play progression points are pretty rare and far-between. Besides the initial very basic tutorial nothing is explained and it’s left up to the player to figure it out, which is not a bad thing but this relatively simple game is laced with some complexity that makes connecting concept A and B a little difficult from time to time. Mate that with the fact that most message boards are empty and the game turns mostly in to flying in circles upgrading your ship arbitrarily with no real task in mind beyond the narrative that you create for yourself.Also, the building mode itself could use some work. The camera has a fixed focus point that it pivots around, which can be moved, but it involves selecting the refocus option and then picking what block you want it to focus on. This makes it difficult to do on-the-fly fine tuning to your design since finding the correct camera angle can be a bit wonky. Next, there is no way to select a block and then move it. You can only place and delete. So if you put a turret on your ship, then decide you want it in a different spot, you have to first delete it then go grab it from your inventory again and re-place it. Also, selecting a block does not tell you what it is – is that turret you’re about to delete the good one or the one you want to swap out? Is that block a cargo bay or heavy armor since they look the same?Finally, the UI leaves something to be desired. There is a lot of information that can be cumbersome to come by. For example: comparing the guns currently equipped on your ship to those in your inventory. In order to see what guns are currently active on your ship, you need to be in the “Ship” menu (hotkey P), but to see the guns in your inventory you need to be in the building mode and have the extended blocks menu open. Now, both can be opened at the same time, but it’s still a little frustrating that you have to open both just to see if what you picked up is better than what you have.Another example of a UI that needs work is the station menu. In order to switch menus you need to completely leave the station, then re-dock (a simple task since you’re not moving), which means you need to re-“watch” (it’s scrolling text) the welcome dialog each time you want to switch from the message board to the resource sales tab to the upgrades tab. It’s not huge but it definitely adds time which can be annoying.All-in-all the game is in a great starting spot. There is nothing massively broken or in a spot that can’t be fixed, it’ll just take time. So if you like space exploration games (think the X universe), show your support and give it a go."
76561198056982065,Recommended,445220,29577031,Posted: 29 January,all,Arcanet,10/10 for a early access game
,Recommended,445220,29579672,Posted: 29 January,all,Monkey Brawler,"amazing concept. Build ship, get bored, build another. Use old ship as an NPC to do your bidding. No server browser yet, so no big servers to play on yet. More promising the most EA games."
,Recommended,445220,29662303,Posted: 2 February,all,Telefunken,"I told myself that I'd never buy another game in Early Access (I still want my money back for Rust), but my lust for space stuff was just too great after leaving a dual boot system for straight linux, and my blunder turned out to be incredibly fortunate. This is the space game I feel I have been waiting for. It has the best parts of EVE and Space Engineers while still being inventive and a breath of fresh air from the inherent monotony found in those games.The interface is great, and quick menus in building mode make it that much greater. Ship building is simple, but not restrictively so. From what I have seen so far, there are not any building pieces that require some draconic procedure to implement or to get working the way they were intended (SE). Additionally, the learning curve is quick and easy, so no more spending hours just learn how to enjoy your play style (EVE).Multiplayer has yet to be deployed, which would be a serious bummer for me had I not already put 16 hours into the game without realizing it. The game is rewarding on a level that matches play and advancement, and the rewards feel deserved and extremely helpful - there are no participation trophies, just returns from involving yourself in the game activities.I have yet to expereince any crashes, glitches or graphics problems. Also, the game runs without issue on Arch with my AMD video card, which is more than I can say about half of the games in my current library.My only gripe about the game so far is that I have only one monitor to enjoy it."
,Recommended,445220,30087816,Posted: 21 February,all,Gemmeni,"If you're looking for a fully customizable space sim, then you have come to the right place. Avorion not only allows you to create extremely detailed personal ships, but also AI fleets and stations. The entire galaxy is procedurally generated down to the asteroid and the differing enemy ships and stations provide interesting and captivating gameplay everytime. The sandbox environment allows you to create just about anything that you can imagine even down to controling and owning entire sectors.The story in avorion is still in need of some work, but due to the fact that the game is still in early access, this is something that will most likely change in the future. Outside of some bugs that need to be fixed, like fighters launching at 1 hp, the game is very playable and fun in its current state.For a more detailed review visit youtube here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1UM6tW0RgGs"
,Recommended,445220,29548048,Posted: 28 January,all,Darth-Revan,"This is how Early Access games should be done. This game is packed full of content already.It has not frozen or crashed a single time. I can see that it pulls insperation from the X games,. However, unlike the X series, the learning curve is hardly there.Explore, upgrade, repeat. Simple enough, but so addictive."
,Recommended,445220,29841750,Posted: 11 February,all,Princess Luna,"It's still in early access but, damn this is a really well thought out, and well brought together game."
,Recommended,445220,29517608,Posted: 27 January,all,Sunder,This game is really cool... it is a blend of minecraft with space rpg where you mine and build your ship(s) which later you controlls either directly or by giving simple commands. really enjoying my first hours in looking forward to more updates. There is also multiplayer which would be I am sure great with friends
76561198044765901,Recommended,445220,29792798,Posted: 8 February,all,Crathorlation,This game is fun because what other game can you craft a stupid amount of ships and just have a huge battle losing all your ships and collecting the insurance to start a new army or make 1 huge ship.the ship building is a bit tedious but it gives everything you need to make the dream ship you want.Also I notice alot of people say they are having crashes and I have yet to have any weird.
,Recommended,445220,29825012,Posted: 10 February,all,Justinian,"Quite possibly the best space game I've ever played. Avorion has it all - ship building, exploration, mining, trading, combat and fleet management in a huge sandbox where all the elements build upon each other more elegantly than any other game of it's type.Despite all it's depth and reach, it's incredibly easy to learn and get into. Before you know it you'll be hooked.Oh, and you'll completely forget that it's early access since there is so much content and so much polish."
,Recommended,445220,29826428,Posted: 10 February,all,Barfbag,"Open universe Sandbox - CheckExploration - CheckMutiple factions - CheckMultiple roles (trade,fight,treasurehunt,Empire build) - CheckInfinite ship customizations - CheckDamage to ship and ship components based on projectile hit location - CheckEasy to repair ship and lost components - Check (literaly 1 click repair at a repair dock)End Game Goal - CheckCan use your ship like a battering Ram - CheckThis has been the Game i've been waiting for years to show up. (had my fingers crossed for Limit Theory but that's not happening any time soon) Very excited to see this game progress and expand in features. Extremly stable for an early access game and even with crashes (that don't happen often) it's very good at saving your progress."
76561198145919692,Recommended,445220,29828965,Posted: 10 February,all,Kingpin,"lots of fun single player but shines in co-op, keep up the great work."
76561197973565670,Recommended,445220,29545798,Posted: 28 January,all,NyteSniper,"TL:DR - Great game even in early access. It's full of features and depth. Great visuals for a voxel based game. Intersting diversity in factions and ships. Huge galaxy. Replayability.Now that i've put about 10 hours into the game I feel I can leave a decent review. I don't review many games but this little gem is a great game. I am generally pretty wary of early access games after buying some that turned out to be piles of crap or devs gave up. This game, however, has surpassed my expectations. It has a lot of depth for such a simple seeming game. The galaxy is full of factions that interact with each other and you. Your relations to these factions are dependent upon your actions. Attack one and your relations deteriorate. Help them fight pirates or aliens and your relations improve. There are a slew of different stations that sell many different things including building you a randomly generated ship (if you want to go that route instead of build one). You can also mine for materials, salvage wrecked ships, explore and claim large meteors and then turn around and found a mine of your own or sell the meteor to a faction for a good chunk of change and reputation. There seems to be an underlying storyline here as well that is intriguing that I haven't delved into much.Overall, this game has managed to keep me planted in my chair for hours on end..and this is no small feat.Kudos to the devs for putting the attention to detail in this.If you're debating on picking this one up...do it. Many people compare it to a cross between Minecraft, space engineers and Eve or something similar. I would have to agree.10/10"
,Recommended,445220,29546810,Posted: 28 January,all,toyboy,Real good game. Unique concept and well executed.
,Recommended,445220,29574376,Posted: 29 January,all,Esc,.
,Recommended,445220,29637874,Posted: 1 February,all,Porter,My new obsession!
76561198060544872,Recommended,445220,29512968,Posted: 26 January,all,Frogo,"If you are looking for something that is more casual, but still has all the features of the more hardcore space sim games such as the X series, you will love Avorion. It's got a ton of content to keep you busy along with some great combat and ship building. Anyone who is in to space sims should defintely pick this up :)"
,Recommended,445220,29518975,Posted: 27 January,all,Bemo,"This was a negative review, however with the latest patches stability has greatly improved.I have managed to put in another 10 or so hours since the update, I have only encountered one crash (due to an invalid direction whilst building) and a few minor bugs that are already on the developers ""to-do"" list.This game continues to impress with every feature I discover, in fact I squealed like a little girl when I read the ""Upcoming Features"" section of the Wiki (go check it out if you haven't already).It contains a lot of depth under the surface for those that enjoy optimising every small detail, but has a very intuitive UI and is simple enough if you just want to join the game, get a ship and shoot something.This game is definitely a work in progress, but it is well worth it in its current state and it is only going to get better.Previous review shown below:---------------------------------------------------------I loved this game for the 10 hours that I have played it.It is amazing gameplay, where you can build your own ship and casually explode when you fly into an asteroid due to your bad designs (or simply get a pre-made ship at the shipyard if building is not for you)...While I understand that it is early access, I suffered through the few hours with endless crashes and restarts.I am now faced with a ""check VAC ban status"" message on startup, after the game threw an absolute hissy fit.However, I will keep trying to get a few hours in...This has a lot of potential, but in its current state I would advise against spending the money.Put it on your wishlist, because unless the developers do something horrible, this will be a great game.Revisit it in a month or two and see if they have made any fixes."
76561198007995521,Recommended,445220,29788148,Posted: 8 February,all,ZappBrannigan,"I can't seem to put this game down. The procedural universe means suprises around every corner. The building may be voxel, but the unviverse graphics are stunning. Combat is fun and intuitive, there are no levels to grind. The only complaint I have with this game is that is really no ""safe"" place to conduct building of your ship. Sometimes you will b working on your space masterpiece only to have pirates swoop in while you don't have any engines attached or turrets to shoot. Other than that, excellent! I can't wait to see where this game will go."
76561197968399824,Recommended,445220,29974613,Posted: 16 February,all,Gen.Omega,"TL;DR:  10/10 would lose control and smash into another asteroid.  Great game for the cost.  Would also smash into enemy spaceship and destroy us both again.  Like EVE: Online and Battlestar Galactica Online had a child.I find Avorion to be something space-battle loving Sci-Fi spaceship people will highly likely enjoy.  There are different paths you can take to advance in the game, each easy if you use certain tactics.The rock, paper, sissy (shotgun) review - do not let that sway you away from this game.  As people know, a spaceship should avoid solid objects, even with armor and shields.   Even kids can play this without throwing a tantrum and uninstalling, so whats with the noob at that site, game not artsy enough and short enough to win?  This isn't CoD.Miner, Cargo carrier, Salvager, Brute force, Tank.  These are a few choices you get very shortly into the game - they speak for themselves and depend on what you prefer to do in singleplayer or multiplayer.  Thrusters can be inbetween blocks and still have their full state for breaking, rolling, turning - pay attention to the direction rather than making a gigantic block.  This can save you frustration and smashing into objects when out of control by not getting out of control.  Start getting titanium and only then consider battle.Salvager hints:  Salvage turrets are WAY AWESOME to destroy enemy ships not occupied with you, but you do have to get in close and they do target you, so have at least some shields and good power.  Aim for the weapons, thrusters, and engines.General Hint:  Patience.  Dont wanna spend a lot of resources on repairs?  No broken blocks?  Let your crew repair the ship, just keep those shields up.This game I have played many of the roles including some I havent listed (medium or longer gameplay) which can make it very interesting.  Space combats are becoming intense and with large fleets of ships - what SciFi lover doesn't want some fleet battles!?  I'd imagine as of now, that they get bigger the closer you get to the center.PROS:-Multiple early, middle, and late game roles-VERY SMALL load time on SSDs, instant to 5 seconds to load an area with thousands of asteroids.-Gameplay - some people could easily say ""repetitive""  sure, if you like the role some might be repetitive, but there's beginning, early, middle, late, and an unknown area to me near the total center of the galaxy.  Each gives challenges and rewards.  Play it.   Feel it.  Destroy something.-Factions:  Nothing beats taking a side, and watching one or the other attack, and smashing the enemy fleet into wreckage fields by taking sides.  Or you know, destroy both, why not right?  10/10 would betray for loot.-Weapons:  Hulk smash them with your own ship if strong enough to survive, pulvurize them with tons of gatling guns, lob face-smashing cannon rounds, cook them with tesla weapons, burn their shields into oblivion with plasma weaponry, or scavenge their butts into a miniature big bang with those scavenger lasers.  Other weapons not listed.  10/10 for pew pew choices.  Hoping for capital ship sized turrets in the future.-Systems:  YOUR COMPANION CUBES.  The choices make them extremely valuable.CONS:-x64 bit - not really a con, but if you hve an x32 operating system you cannot play this game.  Nothing an upgrade wont cure!-HDD load times - use only a normal or faster HDD if you want to play this game, budget laptops will not do, but after some gameplay do speed up loading times significantly.  Initial loading may be very slow and appear to freeze if on a low speed HDD.  Give it a minute.  Or two.-Early Access:  I'm very hesitant on Early Access games.  This has extreme promise, but I'm hoping since the graphics are lower, that there will be a lot more content to come.  2 of the last E.A.s I bought; 1 went bankrupt no refund, the other delivered almost nothing and called it ""completed"".   I'm keeping my eye on this since I play regularly.-Avorion website:    ALWAYS.  DOWN.  Is it ever up?  Get it up so we can see what's in development.  Seriously, hamster power isn't good enough.I want to see way more content in the future for this game.  It's great as-is, but not being AAA I would love a lot of content to prove itself as truly one of the best games on Steam.  Given the price I wouldnt mind paying for a $5 DLC either for 100-300% more content."
76561198011543957,Recommended,445220,29521305,Posted: 27 January,all,mistergab,I really like the unlimited design oportunity if you take time you ll get your star destroyer and if your the emperor make yourself the super star destroyer full size if you can lolGame load like a charm the loading are short 2 sec or soDont be fooled you aint safe while building got shot down when i descided old rusty iron ship was a flying potato every block is customisable in any depth you want make a million small cube or one mighty armored cube anything possiblePlayed 2 days and i have 3 million and im a compulsive spenderTutorial is covering every aspect of the game when you want it doesnt harras you by not doing it or geting stuck in a stupid prologue like- dying light i raged about that game lol lost my million dollar salvage 3 time -I recomend this game if you can and are willing to spend some time either gathering or scavenging remmains Of AI FACTION Fighting each other  nice  thing there they wont attack you if you didntDont forget armor your ship ive never got shot downfull scale multiplayer is needed  not arcade style but more eve or like conan we could switch betwen single and multiplayer with set of rule  its a must-edited after 120 hours i recomend to start a game without colision damage it did it for me for the drifting problem now i just ram things for funi sugest making small bloc then merging so you have less blocks it help performanceDo Not select the whole ship using the square selector in building mode = game crashinggot 30 million may crew is paid 900k
76561197991478275,Recommended,445220,29605142,Posted: 31 January,all,Smegheadz,"After nearly 50 hours of play i can say that yes there are some teething problems but i expected as much due to the fact its early access and usually when games first launch there are teething issues. Personally in those 50 hours i've had 1 crash and that was on a dedicated server with mods.Don't get this game yet unless you are patient and willing to look things up yourself or ask questions in steam discussion as it won't hold your hand and it can be pretty unforgiving to lose everything from  a crash. If you want a complete bugfree game, then don't get any early access game ever or any game for that matter until a few months after release.Do get this game if you want to support the developer, don't mind the teething issues, enjoy space games mixed with creative games with mod support baked in.There is a lot of potential with this game, currently there is a lot in it considering and the dev is very active and does read and respond on the steam discussion aswell as the official forum. The dev also is receptive to suggestions around what the players like.I can't describe why this game is addictive but it is, i really do enjoy just chilling out in space mining and salvaging, building new ships and exploring, taking on some epic fights or just running like a boss  and trading to be rich so i can found my own station or astroid mine."
76561198012126582,Recommended,445220,29612723,Posted: 31 January,all,maddogtob,"It's frikkin amazing.I cranked all graphic settings up. It looks really nice. The Ship Building is really great.You get used to the handling of the ships really quick. Im through a few spaceports and watch pirates use the heat of the moment, while two factions battle against each other to rush in. Got a chance to help against the pirates without getting involved in the conflict. Got cash an a few upgrades. So nice.Here i was, thinking i know whats up. Then i read a comment from a guy that build a few ships and let the AI mine for him and then i find the menu where i can give commands to other crews i can apperantly have an manage and while im mind blown like sean murray, flying back to where i started, i get off course and find a smuggler base. Turns out, really nice people. Future Business.And this is frikkin early access.... !!!!"
76561198032635963,Recommended,445220,29618306,Posted: 31 January,all,Fuegotigre,"An open universe, space combat ship/fleet builder.  And not a bad one for a brand spanking new Early Access release.There is a LOT of thought put into this title, and I hope the developer continues to build on this winning formula.Mine, Salvage, Trade... or do like me and just dive into fleet fights I have no business in.  It's pretty much whatever you want.Posted is a longplay where I try to hash out the core mechanics and features mid-game, then jump into a fresh seed in a starter ship and talk some more.https://youtu.be/S-vYVhgqV0gWhat makes this unique for me?  The builder.  The ship builder is one of the best I've seen.  CTRL-C, CTRL-V sections of your ship.  Scale down the size of blocks.  Blow them up.  Min/Max and optimize your build.  THEN... go out, by a Captain, and have him fly it while you give orders from your flagship."
,Recommended,445220,29527850,Posted: 27 January,all,wei$$ '$' $chnee,"one of those few games i'm gonna recommend.even in early access, it already has a ton of features many similiar games don't - from an RTS-style fleet commanding endgame to a much more casual ""fly away from pirates after mining those 300 units of titanium"" startup. there's trading with simulated supply and demand, there are quests, the universe feels alive due to regular pirate (or alien) incursions and faction clashes...the exploration aspect keeps things interesting aswell, and my god, my german genes are responding extremely well to the micromanagement of crew, power, counter-thrust, thrust, max acceleration, rotation speed, etc.it's great."
76561197966057317,Recommended,445220,30230985,Posted: 27 February,all,Glock232,"If Minecraft and EVE had a baby, it would be this."
,Recommended,445220,30222459,Posted: 27 February,all,Eviltek2099,"Great game, I cant wait till all the planed features are in."
,Recommended,445220,30228911,Posted: 27 February,all,Zauren,"For how new this game is, it's exceptionally playable already. There's nowhere to go but up, which is rare for a game in Early Access. The only thing I really wish for is a way to understand the physics of thrusters and engines, as they do not work in a very intuitive fashion; at a certain point adding enginess will start reducing your speed, but only at certain (very precise) sizes, making it strange to maximize your ship. Thrusters work the same way, where being very flat but not too flat causes optimal performance... very weird."
,Recommended,445220,30233782,Posted: 27 February,all,CanavanofNoti,"Found a nice scrap yard today. Decided to buy a scavenging license for an hour in the hopes of getting a new turret or two. 5 minutes in and some pirates warp in. ""No problem"" I think. Half way through killing the pirates some aliens warp in. ""OK this will be tricky"" I say. Then as if sensing the battle an opposing faction warps in hoping to claim the scrap yard for themselves. The ""Overpowered"" ship I've been slowly upgrading takes one hell of a beating so I decided to run away from the combat a bit and that's when I realized it. This is Star Wars. Dozens of miles long ships pummeling each other with swarms of fighters flying around like angry bees. It's amazing. It's not perfect by an long shot but this game took my breath away like no other. Can't wait to see what other features they'll put in next."
76561197982510902,Recommended,445220,30314744,Posted: 4 March,all,fred303,This game is simply awesome!
76561197972636156,Recommended,445220,29988030,Posted: 17 February,all,Kieme(ITA),An old style (good style) X game with procedural generation and a full creativity support!!Fantastic!
,Recommended,445220,30253196,Posted: 28 February,all,id.gardika,"HELP I CAN'T STOP DESIGNING MY SHIPI'VE BUILT A BADASS SHIP BUT IT GETS STUCK BECAUSE OF A PUNY ASTEROIDYeah the other day I was out mining. I've built 2 ships, 1 for mining and 1 for combat. I'm piloting my combat ship, ordering the mining ship to do some mining stuff when a bunch of pirates decided to get some a$$-whopping. I've destroyed some pirates and took a quick glance of my mining ship. To my surprise, it's doing this weird dance thing around an asteroid. Bizzare. I decided to switch places and oops, my combat ship gets stuck near a small asteroid. Both of the ships already have captains.So I think the AI system needs to be looked into. For improvements.. And dev stuff maybe. Or maybe my ship is too bulky so it's afraid of bumping the mild-mannered asteroids.On the other hand, I can't stop exploring the galaxy. Oh no, I can.. The only thing stopping me is that I have to work.. UghOf my 38 hrs, as already stated above, I found ship building very desirable. It's got a lot of contents, like the block shapes, the functions, the features of each block, etc. For people like me who likes to design, it's like a dream come true. I'm still playing on beginner mode with no collision though. Still trying to grasp the basics of ship building, like how many generators, mass vs. armor, volume and upgrade slot, hyperspace range etc.. I've encountered Pirates; Xenos (some random alien ships suddenly jumping to the sector and going crazy); claimable asteroids which then I can sell to an opposing faction, improving my relationship with them; friendly factions; wormholes that goes to the other end of the galaxy; glowing rocks which I can mine using my lasers; holographic blocks that allow me to build a ridiculously LONG space dance pole; assortment of turrets from the usual chaingun pew pews to laser and lightning zappers, and many, many other things. The possibilities just seem endless.I still have many things I want to do in this game and I'm glad this game is still developing, who knows what other surprises I may find. Cheers! Thanks for making a great game."
76561197971163324,Recommended,445220,30063565,Posted: 20 February,all,trance_llama,"Without a doubt one of the most promising early access games I have ever played imagine elite or the x series mixed with space engineers or minecraft, I'm hooked"
,Recommended,445220,29506873,Posted: 26 January,all,aY227,"Didn't have so much fun with a space game since Frontier: First EncountersX series meets Kerbals/Space Engineers ant it have coop (some issues with it atm but don't worry, dev is not like that one from NMS ;p )I really hope I won't loose a job because of it :((Oh and don't worry - its not overcomplicated, entry level is really OK)"
,Recommended,445220,29528233,Posted: 27 January,all,how DARE you,"Lots of stuff to do. Great even in early access. I saw a bad review because they said the tutorial was a grind, it probably could take 5 min if you dont spend time building your ship. Not a grind at all."
,Recommended,445220,29529799,Posted: 27 January,all,Simeta,"Freelancer + X3 + Minecraft/Space Engineers = Avorion.If you like open world space games, crafting, mining, building your own ships. Then this is the game for you! It even has working multiplayer on it's early access release, some games don't even have this on a 1.0 launch."
76561198047150037,Recommended,445220,29530832,Posted: 27 January,all,xcrazysaintx,loving the freedom in building your own ship and the trade mining and fight works great to.....hope you peeps are dreaming big cose I would love to see this developed to be the new style that replaces eve lol...
76561198080400017,Recommended,445220,29540533,Posted: 28 January,all,xxpowerofsoundxx,having a blast so far. Great mechanics and good potential. If they keep at it it could be an amazing game.
,Recommended,445220,29542438,Posted: 28 January,all,XeroXZone,"In short, less StarMade more X-Universe. Wow. Superb!"
,Recommended,445220,29544847,Posted: 28 January,all,CaptainBluevine,"This is how early access shuold be done. Its a playable game, but far from completed. It has alot of bugs but is on its way to becoming a good game. I recommend this game!"
76561198160228743,Recommended,445220,29625629,Posted: 1 February,all,josiarome,good game there are many potential in this gamebut the bad thing in this game isits still early acces and bug is crawling around in this gamebut after all just help the devs by reporting bug
76561198062777590,Recommended,445220,29625801,Posted: 1 February,all,Ser Berus,A very good game its better than my life
76561198079385875,Recommended,445220,29629625,Posted: 1 February,all,Dark Mekanix,Nice idea but still have problem with stability of game in singleplay. And haven't able to hire captain for player build ship yet. Better play the demo first to decide.
76561198096033674,Recommended,445220,29660543,Posted: 2 February,all,slackdoggydog,Great game :)
,Recommended,445220,29660853,Posted: 2 February,all,DFX2KX,"Well, thanks to a Steam freind of mine, I'm now aware of this awesome little game.So, for those who are not really sure what they're looking at: What *IS* Avorion exactly?Avorion takes ispriation from some very different genres of games and combines them in a pretty unique way. It's got the exploration (and a touch of the combat) of EVE, it's got the building mechanics found in games like KSP and Space Engineers, and it even has one part Space Empires  III/IV/V with the ability to build ships that then follow your orders.You'll start off with nothing but a small, defenseless mining drone. With it, you'll mine the first asteroid you see (probably iron with it's glowing reddish splotches, if you find Titanium at first, all the better). Once you've mined a few asteroids, you're ready for the real game to begin.You'll start by building a cube, and then attaching parts onto it, Crew cabins, engines, manuvering thrusters, power generation or solar cells, Armor, framing, glass, glowing bits just for the hell of it, whatever you want. Your ship's crew costs and performance are tracked as you go, and the whole builder reminds me vaugely of the one used in Planet Explorers, except easier to use (at the cost of being not QUITE as flexible). Like PE, it costs money and whatever materials you used. Unlike PE, making it out of solid Titainium won't automatically make you invincible, it will make you quite slow. It's all about balancing speed and mass. Turrets are added afterward, and how many you have depends on what modules you've got installed. How many modules you can have at once depends on your ship's size.If you can do all of this, and make your ride look GOOD, then you're doing well. As for looks, the factions use a set of random styles for their own ships, and most look alright. Albeit a bit spindly in places.The game is not without it's faults and missing features, but that's to be expected with any Early Access game. It doesn't mow down RAM or take up a ton of space, though, which is a good sign.The Good:- Build your own Spacecraft: from tiny little freighters to massively oversized hulks, I've yet to run into the upper limit here, but I'm sure there is one, if nothing other then your patience getting it to go anywhere.- Watch things fly apart as you shoot them off. This is a really good tactic to kill larger ships, since they're often quite thin. And with one swoop, you can remove many of their turrets by sawing the ship in question in half like a Mazim gun to a pine tree.- The music is nice and ambinent- You can find Captains (or if you build your ship via a Shipyard, they come with one) and those Captains can take orders, basically letting you build an army of mining bots. This is useful for one point in the Cons section- Related to the above: Your own personal Rebel Fleet. And I've yet to have it lag with number of objects on screen yet.- lots of parts for asthetic use. I like making my ships pretty-looking, what can I say. Even if the other factions don't do this much with their own ships.- Multiplayer that, for the most part, seems to work. I think I've had one bug in the few hours I've played it.Cons/things that could be improved:- No 'click and helm' option a la EVE. I *LOVE* being able to manually control a starship, but I've yet to find a way to tell it to keep a course so I could focus on the turrets. Even if this required a Captain on board, It'd be wonderful.- Fleet systems still need some work. Being able to tell one ship in your fleet to escort another ship in your fleet would be awesome, a la Space Empires V- Formations are not in the game: Also SE:V, Mostly so we don't have pileups.... And look awesome when dropping out of hyperspace.- The random generation doesn't take the form of descrete 'systems', you'll get a sector backdrop that seems a little... TOO random. Having a random galaxy of starts, then random planets (that follow a few hard and fast rules) around those stars, then having the sectors relate to them would be a markedly vast improvement there. It's not BAD as it is, but it could be FANTASTIC. Also... see SE:V for what this looks like in practice. popping into a system and knowing there's likely to be a ring around that gas giant you can mine without needing to go there is one such example.- More orders to give captains: Haul this to X and sell it. Sell X bulk good here, then buy Y and go back to sell it for X. order queus, ect. Much improvement would be had.- *related to mining* a butten to hold and lock the fire button. That function is currently being provided by the mapped shift key and my stepdad's old Timex as a key weight. It's a little bit... uh... how-ya-doin.....All in all, a bloody fantastic game that can only get better"
76561198007728098,Recommended,445220,29506275,Posted: 26 January,all,Gulganos,"Love this Game. Gave me kinda similar feeling as Minecraft did (mining. building.), but in Space, with a fleet you can build and trading! Definitely worth the 18€."
76561198137058683,Recommended,445220,29531113,Posted: 27 January,all,hotdogbun64,"If you have Windows and/or OpenGL Graphics Cards, this game will not work. I' not sure why, but it will not work. This game is still a really fun game and I do recommend it."
,Recommended,445220,29658097,Posted: 2 February,all,ATR,"If you played the X series, thought it was one of the best series ever made and found a new level of serenity in the soundtrack, you'll love this.It is early access, so some things are not perfect yet. You might find the HUD a little annoying; personally I think it could do with the icons for stations and traders being placed further in from the edge. I also think the HUD arrow pointing to your selected target should be more than 1 pixel thick, so it doesn't get lost in all the other information you're trying to process from the surroundings.On the plus side, you BUILD YOUR OWN SHIP. And it isn't difficult to figure out either; it's really nicely done. There are genuine physics considerations put into it! For example. thrusters placed further away from your centre of mass have an increased pitch/roll effect, the material you make things from affects the overall mass of your ship and therefore how easily the thrusters can bring you to a halt, etc.This game has real potential, and to be honest is very playable even as it is.I bought this at the same time as I bought Rust. Two very different games, but similar ideas of gaining materials, weapons, etc. and crafting yourself into something that not only survives, but can thrive.I got a refund for Rust. This is the one you can play, and replay, and replay again.EDIT: Spelling error. I'm OCD like that."
,Recommended,445220,29530631,Posted: 27 January,all,GC⌁Enka,"I might write a more lengthy review when I've got the time, but basically it comes down to: it's amazing.How is this being developed by one guy? It's everthing I wished games like Space Engineers was. It runs very well for me. It gives me exactly the kind of freedom I was looking for in space game. What you build is what you get. Want a small and nimble ship with low cost and capability? You can build it. Want a massive freighter that steers like a brick, but hauls like an oz? You can build it. Just consider you need to crew to run it, enough power to move it and plenty of firepower to fight off pesky pirates that might suddenly warp into the sector your're in."
76561198122173214,Recommended,445220,29628683,Posted: 1 February,all,willgyoung,"This game is awesome. Even as an early release I am very impressed with how well it runs and how much content there already is. Because it is an early access game there have been a few issues with some random bugs, but overall I have nothing but positive things to say. Great game and definitely worth the price."
76561198130262288,Recommended,445220,29659223,Posted: 2 February,all,chtyla,great game needs lots of bug fixes right now
76561198121217668,Recommended,445220,29583699,Posted: 30 January,all,Frank648,Wonderful game so far can't wait for more content.
,Recommended,445220,30023070,Posted: 18 February,all,Bones,Can't actually compare to X3 but still a good game.
,Recommended,445220,29801968,Posted: 9 February,all,PATRICKMANDEFENDEROFBIKINIBOTTOM,"Awesome, magnificent, 85 hours first week, SP, creativity, early access, space exploration, space shooter, space trader. One, if not, the best of it's kind right now - even in EA. This is a review which will include pro's and con's of the current state of the game, despite being a huge fan already.These are some of the words i'd like to share with you, fellow testers and possible testers. I keep on repeating this on multiple forums across steam early access games, we are testers - not gamers. The goal of the current state of avorion is to become an even better game then it is right now by reporting bugs on the forum - and the developer actively checks and reacts on them daily. I've made about 3-4 reports this week, on which other testers shared extra info and the developer noticed and left a comment on almost every reported bug i've made. We, the players who buy and support the developer, are here to make this game even greater. This is early access - expect bugs and things to malfunction or not work as intended (yet). But don't hesitate to buy this wonderfull game to help testing, reporting bugs and supporting. Embrace an entirely new, and wonderful era of space exploration, shooting and trading.CREATIVITYFrom building your own ship to creating your own, personal fleet. Starting out in a small drone and become a space emperor of your own empire one day, with your own fleet, allies and even stations.In Avorion, you can build entire ships of your own - with their own, unique design. Currently the game offers 7 different resources and a whopping 23 different building blocks. From a simple hull block to an expensive, heavy and durable armor block. From a simple solar panel to a hyperspace core and shield generators. It's all there and it is very detailed already. Take a look at the screenshots if you don't believe me, this game offers a huge variety in ship designs because you are in charge.You can create your own ships and control your own ai ships. In the end-game you can even claim your own galaxies and start building an entire production chain with various production stations - which let you take over control of certain systems yourself. Even here you're in charge - you can choose the design of the station - it's functionallity remains the same. Will you be the almighty space emperor who seeks great fortune by trading and alliances? Or would you rather plunder and pillage every other faction out there to conquer the galaxy for yourself? It's all up to you. Everything you see is destroyable (even Ai stations). Will you get to the center succesfully?Space exploration, trading and shootingThe game will offer you a variety of things you can do, but mind my words, you will have to mix them up.Mining and salvaging will make sure you are able to get better resources and upgrades / weapons for your ship(s).Shooting other factions (be it pirates, aliens or 'friendly' nations) to increase or decrease certain relationship statuses. It's all up to you - you can fight whoever and whatever you want. Do you prefer rockets, cannons, railguns, lasers, chainguns, repair turrets, fighter fleets, plasma turrets,...? There is a huge variety in weapon choice - in combination with the different resources and levels of guns, you will obtain stronger guns eventually, which has it's own characteristics. The game even offers an RTS style of play - you can command your own fighter pilots (build a hangar, buy ships and crew) and AI ships. Scroll out in one of the systems and you will be able to command your troops accordingly, i love it!Exploration is a huge factor of Avorion - every, single map is randomly seeded (proceduraly generated galaxies) which will change the way you play your game completely. The only thing that stays the same: you will have to find a way in to the center of the galaxy.Trading makes you think of going from station A to station B to make a huge profit. Well that's right, but what about making your own production chain with various stations? It's all there and you're in charge of them. In the beginning trading will make you a lot of money - in the end you will be bathing in gold once you've acquired multiple stations and production chains. NPC traders will eventually buy goods from your station! Think, focus and conquer the economic side of Avorion.You do have to mix them up: you will need money AND resources. You can buy everything with money, but you can't repair your ships or make other ships if you don't have resources. You can buy them in stations but they have a limited amount. There are lots of scrapyards (which have destroyed ships - they have resources, upgrades and weapons) which allow you to obtain everything but in general trading makes you the most money. Therefore i'd recommend you to do both.Early accessLast but not least, the game is in early access - it's not perfect yet. Expect bugs and things to go wrong - help the developer test the game and the development of Avorion. Report bugs if you see them, make suggestion if you have them, share your thoughts on the forum. But don't start complaining about things that go wrong - because they will, it's early access ladies and gentlemen.PROProcedural generated galaxies.Variety of building blocks, weapons, upgrades and resources.Kill, trade, explore - it's up to you.Create ships, fleets and even stations with your own, unique designs. Creativity at it's best.Quest line, a story - also a con (see below).A developer who actively listens to bug reports and suggestions.Outstanding EA state, there's a lot to do already - but still has bugs, which is completely normal.RTS-styled gameplay: you can scroll out in every system and command your troops accordingly (be it fighters in a hangar or your created AI fleet).Very helpfull community.CONEA - don't expect everything to work, because it doesn't. The game has bugs and you will notice them when playing - come and join us on the release of Avorion if you dislike encountering bugs. Most of the described con's are in this case EA flaws which can be fixed eventually.Freezing galaxy: once you leave a system, it will be in a frozen state, which makes AI ships (even when pirates/aliens are fighting) frozen and puts them in a passive state. Only when you re-enter the system, it will become active again. This does undermine some of the content (like production stations). I did hear they will address this issue further in the development of Avorion but currently it is a feature of Avorion.Story guidelines *spoiler alert*:The game has a story line to get to the center of the map but it contains various quests which you have to complete and the puzzle is rather hard to figure out on your own. Atm there aren't a lot of guidelines - you will encounter random quests and have no clue what they are for (probably to get to the center). You will most likely have to google it or search/ask on the forum to help you out - which is what i did as well.SP (or co-op) over MP: I'm currently playing SP but you will notice eventually that you sort of 'need' MP. Currently MP is very bugged and i do not recommend you to play MP in it's current state. There is a lot to do but you really want friends to share your creations with and to build stations, explore the galaxy and fight enemies together. Their first intention isn't to make a 100+ ship MP version, which imo is unfortunate. It's a co-op MP with friends, not a big server with a lot of players (can be pro and con). Not sure how they will develop MP further on and this is your own opinion on how you like the game.I recommend this game to everyone out there - it's one of the (if not the best) space, creativity sandbox game (EA) out there currently, i love it! It has it's up's and down's, come and join us and look for yourself if you like it or not. It's a great game but still requires some work. :)"
76561197972591704,Recommended,445220,29460801,Posted: 24 January,all,devlzAdvcte,"Love it. Highly recommended.###################################################*** 90 Hour Update ***---> Still loving it. Highly addictive. Highly recommended. I stream it every day.###################################################** Update::41 hours in 4 days... I'm still loving it and I still highly recommend it.As others have said, it requires a bit of patience, but you are well rewarded.Frequently asked questions posted during my LiveStream (cmdr_feklhr on Twitch):1. Will I enjoy this game if I don't like building?---> Yes and no. While you may not like building the game requires you to constantly modify your ship with new parts, materials and upgrades. If that isn't your cup of tea you may find the gameplay cumbersome.2. Will I enjoy this game if I'm not good at building?---> Yes and Yes. While you may not start out with a Death Destroyer, but rather a blob of Iron with engines, you will slowly add on to your ship and sculpt it into something beautiful (or hideous, but with big GUNS and SHIELDS). I actually find it cumbersome to *WANT* to build something that looks good. FORM tends to get in the way of FUNCTION. I've experienced that many times while upgrading and adding onto my current ship (IKS Feklhr).3. Is there a lot to do, or is it like all other building games?---> I don't think of Avorion as a ""Building Game."" I find it's very similar to Elite:Dangerous in that you can free-roam, murder civilians, hunt pirates, trade, or simply mine your heart out. On top of that, yes, you can build and customize your ship as much as you'd like.4. Is there a story or plot?---> Yes, I believe so. I find that it is layed out in such a way that allows you to progress through regions and gradually build up your own story. You communicate with stations, with traders and merchants and they'll share bits of information regarding a specific story element. It is certainly not on rails, though, so far...5. Do I need to spend hours digging through rocks to build big ships -- that's all I really want to do.---> Nope! The creator of Avorion has allowed us to build to our hearts content using the Creative mode. While I've only played in this mode for a few minutes, it seems to allow you unlimited materials for building. So... if only building is what you enjoy, have at it. :)###################################################"
76561197985171381,Recommended,445220,29455510,Posted: 23 January,all,Baleur,"To be honest, there's not *that* much to *do* in the game at this point. It depends very much on your own inventiveness and enthusiasm. Much like X3 and games of that nature, to be fair. I'd say this game is best explained as a blend between Reassembly and X3.You have the casual gameplay and easy build mechanics of Reassembly (but with some Starmade thrown in), with an open universe with freighters, stations and territory like in X3. In fact, some stations are even extremely similar to in X3 with nearly identical names and icons (Cattle Farms, Crystal Farms, Satellite Factories etc).You'll have a ton of X3 nostalgia while exploring this galaxy, thats for sure. Not in a bad way at all, mind you.You can fly around and trade, fight, explore, do bulletin board missions of delivering cargo or attacking baddies.Factions have positive or negative attitudes with you that govern which territories and fleets are friendly or hostile to you.In some ways it is a bit too quick and easy to swing this, as even a single bullet hitting your ally will instantly give you a ""-5 rep with Outer Space Mongrels, HOW COULD YOU!?""While simply selling a single start-of-game module you cant use due to not having the energy supply yet (such as the radar upgrade you start with), will net you +700 rep with that faction and instantly make you best allies for life.So it is very much like X3, but sped up to reduce tedium and grind, in some ways perhaps a bit too fast.But thats where the Reassembly influences come in, with shipbuilding (and stationbuilding) being extremely well designed and with all the UI tools you could need. This isnt one of those early access games where you have to whine on the forums and wait for 3 months just to get a simple Mirroring option in the game. It pretty much has everything well thought out from the start.Frankly it has the makings of a brilliant game, X3 and Reassembly / Starmade in one. What more could one want?Worth mentioning is that it is extremely optimized, and even with everything cranked up to max and 4x Supersampling (native in the ingame options menu, something even AAA games dont do sometimes), it runs at hundreds of frames per second. Perhaps as might be expected, but considering the number of ships and blocks in high detail ships and stations, with hundreds of particles flying around during combat, it's very impressive indeed.You can quite literally make a huge scale 1:1 Imperial Star Destroyer if you got the patience and talent, and it will most likely run at acceptable framerates. The question is if the AI factions have been set up to dynamically evolve and grow to match the players advances. It would be quite unfortunate if, after hundreds of hours of play once you accumulate resources for huge dreadnoughts you built, if the AI factions still only had corvettes and minor ships that couldnt stand a chance.Hopefully the devs considered this and did NOT add a limit to the AI ship size, obviously needing to be weighted to not surpass the player too much.It manages to make a simple block-style aesthetic look very beautiful and dynamic, due to each block having dynamic textures with emissive windows, glow details, or even reflections (if you enable that in the options menu) that can cause quite spectacular reflection effects from glass materials and titanium armor, reflecting the planets, skyboxes and lights and blocks surrounding it at the right angles.Heck i angled some black glass near my glow-blocks just for that reason, to have the light catch the glass in just the right angle.One thing that should be noted is that the colors to paint your parts with is quite limited. There are a strange abundance of yellows and blues, but only 2 real *reds* and not really any white whites or black blacks. The best you get is a light grey (with an overly extravagant sports car salesman name such as ""Ad Astra Eternius Magnificus White"", instead of just ""Light Gray"").It'd be nicer with a more traditional RGB spread of colors and hues, perhaps even just a color wheel to fine tune it yourself.All in all it's a great game with huge potential, if they can add more tangible long-term gameplay and consequences for your actions. You CAN make your own stations and fleets and claim territory (i believe). But in some sense it feels a bit empty like you're just dropped in the middle of a huge sandbox of nameless faceless generated factions and areas.This is where X3 has the upper hand, due to its distinct factions and history / behavior of each faction. Unique weapons, products, goods, ships etc.Granted the factions here have unique styles of ships too, but with lack of artistically designed unique PARTS for those, they all tend to drift towards the ""big heap of greebles and blocks"" category. A huge multiplayer server with player-designed things might alleviate this, or perhaps some workshop support for player-made ""ship layouts"" for the AI's to use or something, with dynamic greebling built off that, somehow. Would be much nicer."
76561198003867060,Recommended,445220,29508425,Posted: 26 January,all,Element,"After reading the negative comments I want to take inhale deeply into an oxygenless environment. This game is great, I have not died once! I understand you may get that first impression if you have a bad spawn but for God's sake dont quit and write a negative review. Adapt, this game has a lot to offer in the stage it is in already. I have enjoyed at least 2+ hours of fitting 4 salvagers and attacking enemies with my salavagers. I feel like a space Kirby! Heck, grab a friend! When's the last time you could say that in X3 :/I have seen people complain about the tutorial and how lacking it is in the first 2 hours and they can't recommend yet speak about minecraft in which has zero tutorial without researching. I surely didn't quit playing minecraft when I was overcome with all the ""rich"" features.Nonetheless, You've 2 hours to find that pleasure in this game. I do not see a worthy reason yet to rate this game down. Every complaint I can refute.-1/10 For Negative feedback excuses10.1/10 Become a Kirby Space Destroyer10/10 Early Access that's miles ahead of others"
,Recommended,445220,29508308,Posted: 26 January,all,Natsurai,"Got this game when I saw a friend playing it, it has learning curve but nothing too drastic like ""Elite Dangerous"" or similiar games, ship building doesn't really remind me of any game I've played before, there are a lot of options to choose from, and a lot of adjustments you can make, given the current state of the product this is impressive.Gameplay wise is interesting, I haven't fully played a game on my own as I spend most of it planning ship designs and then playing with my friends, but it is very enjoyable to see the fruits of your labours go out and tackle the galaxies challenges, in this case, Mining and Combat.It's a relaxing and refreshing game from a heavy RPG player's prospective, it has that spark of life that I can't find in Rimworld or Factorio, all of these wonderful features at Early Access and it's still not done, the game holds promise, the developer is doing an outstanding job of keeping the content fun and enjoyable for the community.Obviously my verdict would be nothing more than positive, there is a few drawbacks but the same can be said for any game, and it's all dependant on your prospective, but if you're after fun and enjoyment, I would certainly recommend buying it."
76561197974811964,Recommended,445220,29630003,Posted: 1 February,all,Kirkkid,Avorion is like all the great space games of 15 years ago if they were made out of blocks and let you build ships.
76561198009650403,Recommended,445220,29450001,Posted: 23 January,all,Aelix,Awesome game
,Recommended,445220,29452829,Posted: 23 January,all,Tan Edos,Pleasently surprised by this simple yet complex title. Can't wait for more. I just hope they add workshop support soon to share designs between players and a private server.
76561198003663790,Recommended,445220,29454485,Posted: 23 January,all,Illidan,This one will keep me gaming for days :)
,Recommended,445220,29456079,Posted: 23 January,all,Fishaman,"FREELANCER meets X3A sandbox journey towards the core with the entire universe teeming with factions out to ruin your day or make a buck off of.Spent 4 hours making a cruiser, got destroyed by pirates in about 20 seconds.10/10 Would overengineer again."
,Recommended,445220,29456547,Posted: 23 January,all,Froyo Toppins Of The Sherbet,Worth it already in this day 1 state.You know the million and one space games out there that're all really incomplete or really obtuse? This avoids most of those pitfalls and is really fun. Play it.
76561198040785125,Recommended,445220,29457193,Posted: 23 January,all,spacedout,For being in alpha it's already a great space game. I love the ship building and game play is super smooth for how well the zero gravity is done.like if you lose some of your thrusters and you are going to have to work at fighting your own inertia .
,Recommended,445220,29463045,Posted: 24 January,all,RiskY,This game just got into Early Access but I am already having a blast!
,Recommended,445220,29465746,Posted: 24 January,all,SGTSylver,"I have the benefit of playing the demo for a few hours a few months ago so I had already jumped a few hurdles in the learning curve. And so I recommend the demo in getting used to the ship construction and crew mechanics to make it easier during the game. I was pleased to see how much has been added to the game since my introduction to the demo. I haven't revealed enough of the base ""story"" but my first reaction to that is meh. At this point I would expect the average player to get 20+ hours of solid fun play out of this, maybe quite a bit more if you are keen. I haven't dabbled in the hanger and fighter features, or even multiplayer as servers are limited but those will likely add significant time to the game play.  Overall this game is good as it is, buttery smooth and a couple dozen hours of game play easy. The potential is extreme and look forward to future development. Oh and dev, get some easy to follow server setup instructions for the noobs to get more servers up, and a public server list."
,Recommended,445220,29950305,Posted: 15 February,all,Make DLC Great Again,Pretty sure there is a sample of a goat in one of the combat music tracks.
,Recommended,445220,29955853,Posted: 15 February,all,walrusidoit,Just completely amazing
,Recommended,445220,29957996,Posted: 16 February,all,Delthre,"I have been looking for a game where I could just chill, go out and about and get some action every now and then. Well, I've found it. Despite being early access, I really enjoy the game and am really excited as to what it will shape up to be."
,Recommended,445220,30050792,Posted: 19 February,all,Vetteran,"The game was fun, until my computer crashed and i lost litterally everything i had on my ship including the ship itself.Seriously, after i logged on again my ship had disappeared and i was in my mining drone.I don't know if that was the game's fault or mine, but the part before that was fun.If it was my fault: Would reccomend. this game is very fun.If not: DEVS PLZ FIX, Still very fun."
76561198152603296,Recommended,445220,30285691,Posted: 2 March,all,Niho1212,"The game crashes 1/5 times when I travel through hyperspace, but other than that it is a very fun game."
,Recommended,445220,30307824,Posted: 3 March,all,Stack Overflow,"By far, my most well spent 10 bucks of 2017.=)Awesome game, easy to play, easy to get addicted and to invite your friends to play.10/10"
,Recommended,445220,30639162,Posted: 20 March,all,Erth Paradine,"I've invested well over 100 hours into this game now...I. Am. Impressed.Avorion accomplishes something I've never seen anyone else do: mixing the best of Minecraft, Vandetta Online, EVE Online, StarMade, Elite, and OOLite.Developers continue to strive towards excellence in communicating with players: responding to percieved issues VERY quickly.Performance, on both the server-side, and desktop-side, is spectacular, with developers clearly investing into lower-end hardware just for testing/development purposes. That shows commitment!As a public server hoster as well: this is one of the most stable game servers I've ever seen...even in it's pre-release/beta state. W.O.W.Love the community too: full of supportive and positive commentary in the forums, and nearly everone on our server passes a friendly greeting to new arrivals as well.My only complaint at this point, would be a lack of depth in content; missions, events, etc. However, because developers choose, clearly from the beginning, to facilicate tightly-integrated LUA support, anyone can develop and add their own content. As an added bonus, Avorion already supports a published mod API...wow. Just wow.Avorion is a keeper: I'm looking forward to the future."
,Recommended,445220,29952658,Posted: 15 February,all,Double Deuce,I've been hesitant to buy EA games since the string of EA disappointments but this one caught my eye and I decided to give it a try.  I've already passed the $1 per hour mark and still going so that's a plus right there.  It's EA so there's bugs and it needs polish / more features but from what I've seen so far I don't regret the purchase.  I'm not going to do the pros and cons because it's not finished yet.  It has much potential and it's looking good thus far.
76561198353424460,Recommended,445220,29953325,Posted: 15 February,all,johnmartin0120,I love this game
76561198021542203,Recommended,445220,29953646,Posted: 15 February,all,Parsalin,"Only played PVE, Needs a few things before ill go pvp. Would like to see better AI support. Access to all station types player made. Gate building. and more thant rng 5-1 trade via research. access to warp jamming. and better scanners/sensors. perhaps cloaking.In any case the game has so much potential but even as is right now its a fun one."
,Recommended,445220,30643751,Posted: 20 March,all,Acapulco,"Entertaining game. Lots of replayability.Crazy ships.Developer keeps putting out updates (unlike most Early Access games out there).If you like Space exploration and space battles, get this."
,Recommended,445220,29950785,Posted: 15 February,all,Merlin,Absolutely amazing!!!
,Recommended,445220,30186238,Posted: 25 February,all,JonRahhhhhhh,"The positive reviews about this game aren't lying, this game is great.I love the building in it compared to similar games. Other games limit you to cubes like Minecraft; Avorion gives you so many options for brick sizes and the best part is because bricks can somewhat collide with each other, you can literally ""blotch"" on bricks randomly without much thought and come out with a cool looking ship without worrying about perfection. More games like Space Engineers for example need this kind of ship building."
,Recommended,445220,30188114,Posted: 25 February,all,Embro,better than No Man's Sky I'll say and it's like minecraft but in space.
,Recommended,445220,29950996,Posted: 15 February,all,lovemytux,"If you like Minecraft & space exploration, then this is your game. Great job guys, and a great Linux port too. Early access, but still a very good overall feeling."
76561198077193502,Recommended,445220,30179264,Posted: 25 February,all,ICA_nära,Masterpiece.
,Recommended,445220,30628422,Posted: 19 March,all,ShuttleCrossing,"There's a lot of games in a similar vein out there - the space survival crafting genre's grown pretty full lately.This game falls pretty squarely into the vein, but it excels by focusing less on requiring lots of people to play and more on making it about what you can do yourself. For a game that offers multiplayer, it's surprisingly good at not having to rely on it to provide a solid experience. It also distinguishes what it's about by providing alternate focuses than the typical genre game.For the first 5 hours, I never left the starting system. On higher difficulties I could see spending even more time there getting set up. This is a great thing. There's a huge amount of stuff out there I'm looking forward to doing.If you've played Space Engineers, Eve Online, Star Conflict, the X series, and enjoyed any of them, even just in concept (since some of those games have been run into the ground by their devs) then you will love Avorion.Pros:- Not reliant on multiplayer- Offers it anyway- Simple crafting system, yet lots and lots of options- Low count of true 'currencies' needed to build ships- Ship building tool for people looking to get kickstarted into flying stuff- VERY easy to get started.- Great controls, especially with customizability. You can play this game like an arcade flight shooter, an RTS, or like EVE Online if you want. Each are fun in their own way.- Allows for automation of other ships- Gameplay is awesome- Exploration is fine- Solid mod supportCons:- Weird camera problems. Managed to fix them, but required frustrating time tweaking. Hasn't come back up since, though.- Time it takes to get really going can be a turn-off for some players.- Resource acquisition can be tedious early on, though there are some solid mods that supplement this.- Crew feature is great in concept but frustrating in execution since it requires you fly all over the place to pick up different people, all the while your ship suffers performance problems and potentially even takes damage. The officer system should probably just get cut from the game. Neat concept, bad gameplay.- Can't automate the active ship (though I hear this is an upcoming feature)- All the cons of Early Access. You're taking the gamble that the upcoming content additions and changes will be something you want. Not all game devs will make good changes to games.Overall: 8.5/10I'm pretty conservative with my ratings. This is a very solid score. I highly recommend you give this game a few hours of your time."
76561198017796238,Recommended,445220,30184361,Posted: 25 February,all,Soros001,"This is one of the best games I've played in years! The procedurally generated galaxy Always has something new to offer. The combat is great, feels like flying a real spaceship! The weapons are cool too. Some of the game isn't complete but it doesn't effect your play experience much. I love the idea that you can mine asteroids and salvage wrecks in this game. I have found so many cool items just grinding my lasers through wrecks, but at the same time salvaging isn't game breaking with what it gives you. The mining mechanics work well too. I'm really looking forward to the day this game is completed. Good work developers, keep it up :)"
76561198035385014,Recommended,445220,30640177,Posted: 20 March,all,LORDPrometheus,"I got this game on a whim and so far am satisfied.Pros:Runs fantasticvery stable even the Beta branchFun gameplayCreativeSPAAAACCCCEEEEInteresting if somewhat generic subplotCons:Infuriating controls for building for the first half an hour or so then you figure them outUnclear goal for new playersEasy to overbuildEarly access, i pick my Eearly Access games carefully and while i dont think this will i am always worried about the infinite development symdromeConclusion:Avorion is a very functional early access game and while it wont be replacing space engineers for me anytime soon I find it fun and engaging. You can and will sink hours into this game."
,Recommended,445220,30306188,Posted: 3 March,all,Redempt,"While the game is fun, I think the pentalty for dying is far too harsh. I had a pretty good ship, made mostly of Titanium and a bit of Naonite, and even at 25% collision damage, I hit an asteroid and was destroyed instantly. I think that you should be able to insure your ship for 1/3 its cost, then get the ship itself back if you die. Also, collision damage needs to be toned down. A lot. Other than that, I really do enjoy this game and would love to see future updates to it. I also think that the system of your ship being in the universe even while you're offline is pretty bad, because another player could come into that system with your ship loaded during an attack and not even realize as your ship is destroyed while you're offline."
76561198323882509,Recommended,445220,29636803,Posted: 1 February,all,Centurion 0mega,"Many people discard early access games as trash that devs don't care about, but for a game that is so well made, I can't not review this.A galaxy full of corruption and greed, where friendly and enemy factions are neck and neck, it's up to you to choose your fate. Will you become a pirate and well, pirate other ships and sell that loot at smuggler hideouts, or will you choose to be a sentinel and protect sectors from foes and be hansomly paid for it? Like I said before, it's up to YOU! You can follow the story to the center of the galaxy or become a humble merchant selling items from sector to sector."
,Recommended,445220,30077466,Posted: 21 February,all,Shoopis,"I was instantly captivated by the ship building and combat mechanics, but the main beauty of this game is its dynamic universe.There are countless different factions, all with territory that certain factions will fight over. You have relations with each faction that'll determine if you can trade/work for them or not. It's a lot like elite dangerous, but with voxel ship-building."
76561198087933619,Recommended,445220,33622601,Posted: 17 July,all,Assailer,"I was super skeptic after Starmade, but this game really rocks. Starmade is already lightyears behind in performance.Keep up the good work! Make this the next X game :)"
,Recommended,445220,30049933,Posted: 19 February,all,Photrick,"Get salvaging fighters your life will be much easier for it.Fighting pirates to get bounties... 500,000 credits.Best flying ship you can build with only your imagination as the limit.... ALL YOUR RESOURCESThe face you make when you approach way too fast and crash into it killing you... Priceless10/10 would crash again."
,Recommended,445220,30147758,Posted: 24 February,all,Tibby,"If you are a fan of space games, ship building, mining and trading this game is for you. Early access version runs fine and I am looking forward of what's comming next. The size of the galaxy and the ship builder is really impressive.For this price and considering the current state of the development I higly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,445220,29994732,Posted: 17 February,all,WarKiwi,"The replayability of Avorion is endless. This has to be one if not the Greatest Space game i have play in sometime. where the player is the one who can tip the balance of power in systems. the ability to wipe out enemy systems by wiping out there starports is just awesome, and then to make your own systems with its economy brilliant.Sadly not having the power to make our own shipyards and other structions like that you find in other systems is a bit of a let down. But i reckon with time we can do the same. There are a few bugs here and there that can get really annoying like when you have a fleet of ships that are in a battle with Pirates or another faction. were more then once in an Allied system your fleet starts attacking the friendly faction for no reason at all. destroying your reputation with that faction.But take note that this just came into Beta. and there will also be bugs. chunk loaders for systems taht you own would be nice.I give this game a 9/10, and highly recommend this game to the player who likes to do what they want in a space game with no limits to just how big you can build."
,Recommended,445220,30152357,Posted: 24 February,all,zonen04,"Really fun, lots to do, tons of potential."
76561198061913716,Recommended,445220,29649340,Posted: 2 February,all,Brett Changed your name,This game is amazingpros:building ships is awesomemangage crews and fighteresfight in large faction battlesmine for resourcesupgrade your ship with computer chipsCons:the economy sucks and it takes a little too long to get money to build a space stationwhen two faction are at war every single sectore will be acctacked at the same time so it increase lagg and its supper boring after a whilelots of bugsover all this game deserves a 8/10
76561197996537097,Recommended,445220,29667688,Posted: 3 February,all,Z3th0r0s,"Since the days of Freelancer I've waited for something like this.It's still in development, I know, but Avorion is showing so much potential already,can't wait to see where this space journey ends..."
,Recommended,445220,30141558,Posted: 24 February,all,Nakopa,"Try coop, it makes the game a lot funnier than singleplayer"
,Recommended,445220,30250324,Posted: 28 February,all,Beizelby,"Its really fun, it is just like freelancer with some EVE and Space Engineers thrown in to top it off.  It's massive galaxy map sure helps as well :)"
76561198104016533,Recommended,445220,29881590,Posted: 12 February,all,JesperH6,"One of the best Space game i´ve have played, i recommend it highly"
76561198103489837,Recommended,445220,29532081,Posted: 27 January,all,Rhikre,Amazing game. I can't seem to stop playing it. Pretty well free of bugs even given that it's early access and has a fair amount of content though I'd very much like to see much more and would even consider paying for it. I do have just one question/complaint. We shouldn't have to use the devs servers for a single player experience. I'd like to be able to continue my progress offline if the situation were ever to arise. So I am I being forced to? It doesn't make much sense to me.
76561197969941581,Recommended,445220,29496674,Posted: 25 January,all,Lazarus,"Surprisingly good.  Worth buying, even for those growing wary of the early access space sim sandbox genre.  They have a bit to go yet but there's a very playable, fun game so far."
76561197997161016,Recommended,445220,29497852,Posted: 26 January,all,Oscilio,"I am finding this very addictive and all i have done so far is mine ore to make my ship, the controls could be improved especiaslly view and interface controls, its space engineers ish with things to actally do which i really like.  The music is nice and im sure there will be lost of updates to improve the little bugs."
76561198032302602,Recommended,445220,29707639,Posted: 4 February,all,TheGeneral808,"I'm leary of early access to say the least, but I decided to pay for the price of admission and give this one a chance, and I'm glad I did! There is a ton of stuff to do and a huge galaxy to explore, there's even more stuff in Avorion then there is in some finished products out there, can't wait to see what the developers add next. I'm currently running around the galaxy in my iron bucket of bolts that I built from scratch and having fun, haven't tried mulitplayer yet. The game in it's current form is totally worth the price of a box of pizza. Give this one a try."
,Recommended,445220,29711940,Posted: 4 February,all,Ven,"THis one is fun but has a really long way to go.PROS Makes you want to build a big ship. Makes you want to build a big fleet, Makes you want to expand your empire.CONS you have to hold down the LMB for hours to mine there is no toggle. you cant really build a big fleet yet combat is lame and takes forever."
76561198064375500,Recommended,445220,29762216,Posted: 7 February,all,ZigNet,"The one game i cant get off my mind at work. The one game that has the creativity of spaceengineers and not the head ache of the build grind. The one game i can use my creation to take over the galaxy. The one game i can unleash my imagination. This game is the best game i have ever played and it is what ive been looking for, for years. Random stat weapons, weapon veriety, progression. This game kicks♥♥♥♥♥ Id highly reccomend this game to ANYONE who enjoys space, building, annihilation. I want to build a full fleet to fight off pirates but those ships having the same sweat and detail to my main ship this game allows me to do it! I give it 11/10 well worth the money and thousand+ hours gaurenteed"
76561198018304407,Recommended,445220,30088712,Posted: 21 February,all,Kick,i built a ship out of triniumwas good fightertapped 3 asteroids and died10/10 would op collision damage again﻿
76561198043341387,Recommended,445220,29708416,Posted: 4 February,all,XenoMorphicRex,Abit Tricky to get used to but is otherwise is an awesome.
,Recommended,445220,29685636,Posted: 3 February,all,Mike,"I played Freelancer as a kid and EVE Online for many years, this game is exactly what I have been looking for, for a long time... It may still be in Early Access but it has all the features and content that makes this sort of space sim just so addicting! It is definitely worth the price and gives you so many hours of great fun!Yes, there are still many bugs but the developers are great and respond to questions that you have very promptly. The game is becoming more and more stable and I would recommend this game to anyone, don't expect it to be perfect yet but I love it so far!"
76561197969907665,Recommended,445220,29484589,Posted: 25 January,all,Sir Snipeington,Where the hell did that game come from ? Feels like X3 but accessible! Amazing!
76561198099331369,Recommended,445220,29707320,Posted: 4 February,all,Just Porkins,"Bought this since I was looking for a linux-compatible game that I could play with a friend.  The premise seemed fun so I thought why not.  It's been a really great adventure so far of learning how everything works and continually redesigning my ship to adapt to new things I'm discovering.  It runs great, looks beautiful, and despite a sharp learning curve where I slam my ship into everything around me, it's a really fun experience.  Definitely give it a shot!"
,Recommended,445220,30107851,Posted: 22 February,all,Zakkintosh,"Great space game, great building game, great economy game, great shooting things in space game, goo game"
76561198024434165,Recommended,445220,32388866,Posted: 13 June,all,Free Like GNU,"This game just gets better and better with each new release!  Action, trading, factions, shipbuilding, station building, player alliances all in a procedurally created galaxy with hundreds of thousands of sectors to explore!  Though it's EA, it VERY playable."
76561198128768583,Recommended,445220,29685444,Posted: 3 February,all,IAm[Bush],Bought this game 5 days ago...  41 hours in playing time.Buy it.
,Recommended,445220,29717459,Posted: 5 February,all,Madrush,"Really fun to play, and seriously addictive. Kinda mix of Minecraft (sandbox, building with materials you've found, support for modding) and Elite game series (spacecraft fights, exploration, trading, missions).Being able to shape your own spacecraft(s) as you wish, from minerals you've mined / bought, and test it in battle - priceless :).It's still beta, so bugs will happen time to time. But developers are active and responsive, so I belive game will really shine pretty soon :)."
76561197993423353,Recommended,445220,29656000,Posted: 2 February,all,TinyTestTackle,"First elite, then X3, then Avorion. A complete list of all the space games ever made."
,Recommended,445220,29491795,Posted: 25 January,all,Taffy,"So i love space games, I have well over 4,000 hours clocked on Eve Online and im a big fan of Empyrion and Space Engineers.This game for £13 with what it has is a steal, Mining isn't boring at all and it's just fun to go on and start fresh now and then.Honestly it's a steal for the price it is."
,Recommended,445220,29538912,Posted: 28 January,all,Draba,"Just throwing in a quick thumbs up, a great game even in its current state."
,Recommended,445220,29753511,Posted: 6 February,all,ᶳᵃᶢᶩᵃᶤᵣᵃ,"Ingredients:Space Engineers building with scalabilityEVE-esque gameplayE:Dnot erectile dysfunction thankfullyFTL/Roguelike similaritiesKick♥♥♥♥♥style and execution overallWhat you get in the end isAvorion, which has comepletely won me over in this genre. It successfully scratches the itch of creating ships without being too overwhelming, it has yet to get boring or arduous like other games have tried and fallen flat on, and much to my happiness it is STILL in Early Access and only getting better with it.Pros:+ Pretty visuals, albeit not very flashy/sleek+ Exceptional building system with highly dynamic scaling of objects+ Gameplay is fun, keeps feeling fresh instead of boring and blandCons:- Beginning learning curve isn't very steep, but it also isn't very smooth- HUD is a bit cluttered at the moment (Patch 0.10.2.7448)- Some elements are poorly explained, or not explained at allI really like this game, more than I anticipated honestly. I haven't even touched Multiplayer yet because there's already so much involved in just Singleplayer."
76561197999411541,Recommended,445220,29527215,Posted: 27 January,all,Night-Hawk,Never really write reviews but think this games need A thums up
76561198093850437,Recommended,445220,32359561,Posted: 12 June,all,jfolds1,"Love the game !!  Its star citizen before star citizen is out lol   great battles, love exploring and fighting building my own ship !"
,Recommended,445220,33718624,Posted: 22 July,all,Rizack,"i dig this game i really do, it is like X3 mp really kool, and a neat take on this kind of game, you like to build this game is for you :)"
,Recommended,445220,29503163,Posted: 26 January,all,maD,Very well done for early access. Only few hours of gameplay I don't have much else to say than:Game runs smoothly(100fps) everything maxed out on gtx 1070 and i5-3470.Simple building mechanics and quick tutorial makes the game easy to pick up and start playing in 10 minutes.So far excellent.
76561198115913588,Recommended,445220,29787831,Posted: 8 February,all,Burnt Toast,Why are you looking at the reviews?Just get the damn game already !!
,Recommended,445220,29931710,Posted: 14 February,all,[KBH] mstic,It has potential to be a 100 hour+ sink and it's still quite unpolished
,Recommended,445220,29570796,Posted: 29 January,all,DJ6755,"14 hours in 2 days. This game is absolutely brilliant and would recommend this to EVERYONE. Genuinely, one of the best games I have played in a while. 10/10"
76561198203253557,Recommended,445220,30255120,Posted: 28 February,all,Maverik343,Not as rage full as FTL.
,Recommended,445220,29705063,Posted: 4 February,all,Comrade Newman,>Be Me>Build Cool Space Ship>Go out and do some space exploring>Try to establish Fully Automated Luxury Queer Space Communism> 10 Alien Spaceship Appears Out of The Blue>Panic>Plants Face Into Astroid>Space Ship explodes10/10 Would play again
,Recommended,445220,29536231,Posted: 28 January,all,Deviline,"To all the people saying its crap and have bugs and such.....IT'S IN BETA AND JUST ♥♥♥♥♥♥ CAME OUT ON STEAM RECENTLY... Seriously cut them some slack. For a massive game that does not take long to download, it is an amazing game. Yea there are bull crap moments and such but the game will get better in the future, give it some time. and for the automining and such there is that feature. First get a captain for your ship exit it into your drone and middle click your ship, select orders and then have it mine. Take the time to get to the core of the game before jumping into conclusions and saying its crap or waste of money.. Honestly they went through Greenlight and another site to get the funds needed to fully get the game on steam.. I personally think this game will be amazing when its fully functional and running properly.. Yes theres the every now and then crash from the server but the game is still Beta. Sorry for the rant but it peeves me when people judge to ♥♥♥♥ quickly...Seriously."
76561197984440686,Recommended,445220,29502668,Posted: 26 January,all,KhorneFlakes,"It's brilliant in every aspect.Despite being Early Access, it feels very complete. There is so much to do, so much to build, so much to destroy, ...It's so good. It fulfills every dream about space games I've ever had.And it has MULTIPLAYER AND IT WORKS !Devs, you made my year already."
,Recommended,445220,29913910,Posted: 13 February,all,CosmicSloth,"Since there are plenty of other in-depth reviews on Avorion, I simply would like to give this game a thumbs up!This is a fantastic early access game that comes with plenty of content. If one is a fan of crafty space exploration games, one must purchase Avorion.Cosmic Sloth approved."
76561198037752524,Recommended,445220,33796701,Posted: 25 July,all,marty-crenshaw,amazing space game 9.5/10
,Recommended,445220,29510809,Posted: 26 January,all,eXacTTec ᶠᵘᶜᵏᵧₒᵤ,...what is the time ... 03:00AM .... OH F**K ...
,Recommended,445220,31369802,Posted: 25 April,all,dog,"First let me start by just saying, buy it if you enjoy space games and being creative.Now, My story that none of you care about!So I was looking for a good game that I can build and be creative in, I also have been looking for a good space game. So after browsing the ""Building"" section of steam I stumbled across this game. It looked interesting enough but I didn't want to go throwing around money at early access games so I torrented a copy to try it out. After sending the game to my two friends we fell inlove with the game. We all ended up purchasing the game.TL;DR Torrenting isn't always bad and I love this game? I think that sums it up"
,Recommended,445220,32985221,Posted: 29 June,all,Native Faith,"Avorion is pretty fun, all things considered. I've only played some 38 hours, but I do feel like I'm progressing towards an overall goal and progression is fun. Shipbuilding and combat are both highpoints of the game and both are as fun as advertised.As a downside, I'd probably have to complain about how ""grindy"" it feels mining or fighting to gain faction reputation. Since I don't particularly follow any guides or anything, I'm finding it quite the hurdle to establish myself with a friendly faction and then put together the money to purchase the privilage of respawning at their base. If I don't do this, I will respawn where I was at the start of the game and have to travel back.Getting to control a ""fleet"" of ships, either for combat or for automated mining/salvaging would also be a truly noteworthy feature of the game if it weren't so clunky right now in development; your ai captains will take their expensive and painstakingly crafted/prepared ships and send them headfirst into asteroids and sometimes they will refuse to follow you through a warpgate or through hyperspace, all the while draining your wallet of credits just for existing.The price tag is reasonable, the gameplay is fun, and it even goes on sale often enough for me to recommend buying even in it's current state."
,Recommended,445220,29531860,Posted: 27 January,all,Fwn,best
76561198127187491,Recommended,445220,29654878,Posted: 2 February,all,SoGScoutSniper,Worth the 11$ I spent!
,Recommended,445220,30013375,Posted: 18 February,all,Gunner,"5 out of 5 giant boners for this!Potentially top 5 all time sandbox for me, especially space genreyay!"
,Recommended,445220,30904643,Posted: 2 April,all,Ancientbrute,EVE and Space Engineers had a spectacular baby
76561198171355771,Recommended,445220,29486201,Posted: 25 January,all,uwe-heinzmann,"Congratulations for a job well done!This game is a rare gem. Lately gaming industry has degenerated into ""13 h download of 40+GB/60 E games-15 min loading screen-computercrash-refund"" - business. AVORION downloads in a few minutes, no lading time and I wonder why it´s labeled ""Early access"". It´s a full fledged universe with crafting, dynamic trading, stations, wormholes, jumpgates and much more. So many things to do and you will have to use every key on your keyboard. The main attraction is crafting your own vessels. So far mine look like ""minecraft in space"" but I suppose with a bit more experience and some creativity I will be able to produce a sleek X.Wing or Calamari Cruiser in the future..The game runs smooth, no bugs so far but there is one point of criticism I want to let the dev know: The level of aggressiveness and violence in my starting sector was absolutely over the top. While I was struggling with the shipbuilding menu space battles were raging all around me. A pirate raid to the left, alien incursions to the right. I tried reading the tutorial, but my screen was cluttered with warning messages, ""Pirate raid...distress call...alien vessels...pirate raid...etc. Are you really expecting us to wage interstellar war before even finishing our vessel? Do you think it´s fun killing people off halfway through the tutorial? Hope it was just bad luck with my starting seed,Nevertheless I highly recommended game."
76561197970370861,Recommended,445220,32847391,Posted: 27 June,all,Masterhummel,"If you like make-your-own-adventure kinda games like Elite:Dangerous, Freelanger or the X Series (before Rebirth), this is a pretty good bet. If you're looking for a more tighter, narrative experience i would recommend to stay away.Coop-Play is worthwile. Players can form alliances, build stations and use the same ships with different positions for gunners and pilot. Dedicated servers are possible, linux servers are supported. With more then 10 players i saw mild rubberbanding issues but no significant problems during gameplay. Close to 30 players the rubberbanding gets worse and affects gameplay."
76561198254684894,Recommended,445220,31730078,Posted: 13 May,all,kinglioman,i enjoy this game its quite peaceful and action based at the same time. if you want to see some gameplay of it i have some on my youtube channel check it out like and subscribe!!https://youtu.be/bh-IqCqZOBY
,Recommended,445220,31910456,Posted: 22 May,all,MR.EDM,"I love this game, it's like Elite: Dangerous, except less in your face and more chilled back.There are a few REALLY REALLY annoying bug, one of them game breaking.But other than that it's a good little game.If there wasn't those annoying bugs in it then i'd give this game a 9/10But because of that exact reason, it's a 6/10"
76561198052655496,Recommended,445220,29535226,Posted: 27 January,all,Stormwynd,Ahh C_R_A_P I been playing this game all day.  Cant stop!!!!
,Recommended,445220,29541661,Posted: 28 January,all,Klingenmeister,This game needs waaaaaaaaaay more recognition.(full review after leaving alpha)
76561198216782660,Recommended,445220,29527191,Posted: 27 January,all,NordicReign,This game has a ton of potential. Already better then No Mans Sky
76561197991592089,Recommended,445220,29544341,Posted: 28 January,all,LePawervitz,wow.... this game really surprised me.pros: its just ♥♥♥♥ing awesomecons: how the hell am I ever gonna get the time for all the things I want to do in this game.if in doubt.. just get it.
,Recommended,445220,34204948,Posted: 12 August,all,The_Server,"It's like from the depths in space, but with less weapon customization and complexity.9.3/10 would play again"
,Not Recommended,445220,30335697,Posted: 5 March,all,TheyCallMeGunny,"I hate to say it, but I cannot recommend this game unless you are looking for a ""hobby"" in your spare time.If you're looking for ship building, several titles (Empyrion/Ffrom the Depths) will provide a much more detailed experience. Empyrion leaning towards a streamlined and artistic approach, while FTD goes into the very complex and varied mechanics.If you're looking for exploration, be it galactic or simply for the sense of wonder, you have E:D, Minecraft, Empyrion, and a giant variety of other titles to choose from that do it better.To me, this felt like an arcade game, with 'unofficial levels.' Go from resource A (Iron) to resource B (titanium) and on down the line.But what sets this apart from a ""that's not my style"" game to a ""I won't recommend it unless you're very bored"" was the very mechanics of gameplay themselves:Starting out, you have 2 basic routes (I'll not include dedicated trading as I can't see that being enjoyable at any point)- Combat or grinding. Except, if you want to go deeper, which is the point off the game, you end up watching NPCs fight wars and you can stay out of it, and proffit, or get involved, and introduce yourself to a very tedious process of constant repairs that were not well implemented.As a counter to that last statement: They are fixing some of the more tedious repair issues. You should soon be able to repair key parts of your ship without being forced to repair the entire thing or nothing (which can often lead to a mass crew exodus because your crew quarters got destroyed- a simple fix you just couldn't make if another, more expensive part were also destroyed.)But nonetheless, while many may enjoy it, it felt entirely tedious all the way through. A lot of games have grind, but the ones I have enjoyed have given me something to make the grind feel like more than just stockpiling- from risky scenarios to distract you, to beautiful explorations in the process, or even just the random nature of the very act of gatrhering itself. While Avorion left this mechanic, which will constitute a solid 90% of gameplay time, to be aim and hold left mouse. A fun battle would end with 2 options: Fly away and cut any damage you've taken as a loss, or hang around to salvage the ship for 5 minutes: Tediously ensuring the off-center crosshair was lined up to be hitting the components worth the most first.-----Conclusion:In the end, I'm not going to knock those who enjoy the game. But I found it to be one of few I couldn't even put through my usual 3 days. I've only ever had 2 titles I couldn't put 50+ hours into before giving a review (and most exceed 400 hours all the way to thousands.) But I could not bring myself to keep loading it back up, even after bringing in a friend who had played several hundred hours. I was mostly surprised to find he didn't know why he had played it- mostly because some of his friends did. But he had the same gripes I did, after 400 hours of play. So no, I cannot recommend this title.There are plenty of positive reviews, so don't take my word as gold. Read the counterpoints, and decide for yourself if it suits you."
,Recommended,445220,30348228,Posted: 5 March,all,AboutAWeakerGoat,"What No Man's Sky lied about, Avorion did. The end."
76561198007429976,Recommended,445220,29467639,Posted: 24 January,all,RogueDeus,"I am genuinely stunned...After watching some people play the game online I figured, how fun could this be? We've all been fooled before by feigned interest and hype and I was expecting exactly the same thing here. It didn't help that the first time I loaded up the game it froze my PC inexplicably. (After a few minutes of investigation, it turns out I was a little late Enabling the firewall acceptance)So, there I was. Thinking I was going to have to refund a game… again… When I started it back up without a hitch and soon found myself going through the tutorial. Which, is reasonable. It tells you everything you must know to play without being too patronizing. But leaves the rest for you to figure out, maintaining a sense that there are still things to learn.And that is where this game shines.If you’ve ever played a sandbox game, odds are you’ve only really played in a quasi-sandbox. Usually there are still gate keepers between you and what you want to do from the start. They’re called story arch quests, or boss fights… etc… Each acting like keys to unlock the ‘Full’ world. Well, from what I’ve seen so far, Avorion has no story arch quests (Other than faction gains, and mission boards) and no gate keeper Bosses. There are Boss fights, though as of me writing this, I’ve not seen one. In other words, you are literally totally free to go and do whatever you want from the moment you start playing. And unlike nearly every game I’ve ever seen that portends to be a ‘Sandbox’, the entire game really is wide open in front of you.But be warned. An open world can be a ruthless and deadly world.I’ll likely add more to this review as time progresses. This is an Early Access game after all."
76561198274201703,Recommended,445220,31812035,Posted: 17 May,all,SuperNova,"One feature that needs to be added in order to effectively construct ships of certain scale: An actual ship class scale box. Not like a build limit. For example, youve probably heard words like corvette, battleship, frigate, carrier etc when it comes to ships of any kind. What the box would do is provide a rough reference frame for how big the ship would be. you would be able to expand out of it if you wanted, of course. The reason why this needs to be a thing is because i did run into some small problems when trying to make an effective ship. With smaller blocks comes smaller stat increase/decrease increments. To me, my ship seemed pretty big. However, i had no point of reference to how big it actually was. I kept adding certain blocks to boost the stats only to find out that they werent helping at all really. Creative mode also needs some touching up. Now i apologize if im just dumb and didnt know how to, but instead of having to go to other stations to hire crew, you should be able to just ""spawn"" your crew in wherever. Other than small stuff like that, this game is pretty great for what it is so far! i do hope you guys consider/even see this review."
76561198114272373,Recommended,445220,29491568,Posted: 25 January,all,Noceris,"Best Early Access Game ive ever played, i was ready to see all kinds of issues and bugs but after 10 solid play it run flawlessly, there were a couple of small things that needed fixing but nothing that effects gameplay.Plenty of things to do from the start, galaxy is massive, cant wait to see servers full of players.Well worth the $, give it a go!"
76561198006243109,Recommended,445220,29927640,Posted: 14 February,all,Ronin75,"Already in its Early Access status this game is absolutely enjoyable. It perfectly combines multiple of my favorite genres: Design and build your own starships, build your own empire, explore a massive galaxy, fight space battles, trade, mine, bounty hunt, pirate and the list goes on and on. Not all features are fully fledged out yet, especially the mission system, but whats there is already amazing.How do you compare this to other games? Its difficult because it succesfully manages to combine multiple producs. It's a cross between the X Series, Freelancer, Space Engineer and From The Depth.If you like flying space ships, build stuff and get lost in a vast universe grab this game. You won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,445220,30253355,Posted: 28 February,all,Striped_Monkey,"I wrote a huge review for this game on a whim because I like the game and randomly, without warning steam crashed.I am so salty right now. Fifteen miniutes of work gone. -.-"
,Recommended,445220,30341228,Posted: 5 March,all,Darkmatter,"I bought this game last night and *checks watch* I have 8 hours of time spent playing it already.Nuff said.In case that's not enough said for you, this finally usurped Empyrion's place as my go-to scifi sandbox game.  The flight mechanics are fantastic, and really balance physics with the need to keep things simple.  The things I'd like to see regarding flight includes a hotkey that flips us to face our thrust vector to make it easier to slow down, a first person camera mode (you can almost get there atm, but not quite), and a way to soup up your thrusters to allow more responsive strafing.The construction mode is very well fleshed out considering this is an early access title.  It's missing some blocks that you'd find in other sci-fi games in the genre, but generally speaking if you can imagine it you can build it.  The physics behind the ship you build will include the importance of thruster placement (sticking them in the center of your ship isn't gonna get the job done) and realistic behavior of weight and simulating what happens when you add skates to your virtual-cow.  You'll find each material in the game has different weights and there are pros and cons to going with a very heavy element or a very light element.  Unfortunately at the moment there's really not a whole lot of reason to not go with a ship who's made almost entirely out of Trinium (Super light weight and can be used to make basically any block in the game) and then slap on some Ogonite armor (super-heavy element that makes fantastic armor, but too heavy to use on something you intend on being mobile)There's a lot to do in the game once you finally design your dream-ship...or slap together a walking brick wall with guns, but so far my time has been spent on combat, so I'll start by saying that the game can be fairly brutal at the start.  Until I managed to scrap up enough titanium for my first titanium gunboat, basically every encounter I had with a pirate or an alien ended up with pieces falling off of my ship.  If you like loot collecting though you're in for a treat because the devs have stuck in an ARPG-like loot system with lots of shiny loot options and stats to drool over.  I managed to find an orange generator enhancement piece that completely changed the way I can go about building my ship - it practically doubled my generator output!So the gameplay itself is all well and good, but the key to a promising early-access title is a developer who is engaged and actively updating the game.  While right now I'm too fresh to say whether the updates are going in the right direction or not, I CAN say that the updates are definitely frequent, especially hotfixes.  This is a very good sign for the future of Avorion."
,Recommended,445220,29541851,Posted: 28 January,all,Freesoul,Modern Freelancer where you can design every ship you can dream of and explore space with your friends.what's not to like !
,Recommended,445220,29815245,Posted: 9 February,all,SixStringSamurai,"Fun game with lots of promise. My one and only complaint so far is the build mode is a bit of a nightmare being a complete noob to the whole process and feels like it's overly complicated for what it does. I was wondering why everyone seemed to be building flying bricks, after trying it myself I understand."
76561198161248942,Recommended,445220,29682769,Posted: 3 February,all,RickSanchez,C-137 Rick Sanchez approves of this.On a sidenote:This really is a good game and the time you invest will be shown greatly BUTIt can all be taken away because the Ai in this game are to good for there own good e.eIf you want a game that will last you for a long time then this is it for you! I don't have many positive reviews but this is one of them; Get the game you won't regret it.You get to control a fleet of AI controlled ships or you can choose which one to control while the rest do your bidding! >:D
,Recommended,445220,29495504,Posted: 25 January,all,Flash,"wow this game is good. played 5 hours the first night I got it, reminds me of old civ where you boot it up, look outside, and it's already morningI thought I was creative until I saw some ships other people made....."
76561198005754718,Recommended,445220,29971742,Posted: 16 February,all,Azularia,.
76561198160276356,Recommended,445220,29972425,Posted: 16 February,all,Blaze31337,A great open-space game.Just something to ask will you ever and workshop
76561198017897321,Recommended,445220,29471372,Posted: 24 January,all,SirChillAlot,So far so good. The game is solid and I can see myself playing it for a very long time.
76561198171899593,Recommended,445220,30051958,Posted: 19 February,all,re-animated WarfareYT,"Avorion is the best freeroaming/mine/trade/attack/adventure game I'v ever played. And to see other people with the most beutiful creations and even better funny moments. Even if you don't like spending alot of time you can just design ships in creative!But the A.I. is kind of acting like it was programed by a potato (or is a potato). Also somthings just are too expencive!The best the creators can do is lower the costs by 7% thats alot if you do the math right for a display factory it is exactly 110,361,000÷7=15,765,857.1 now lets see the result 110,361,000-15,765,857.1=94,595,142.9.(sorry for giving you a headache but i'm trying to prove a point here)See it's still expencive but I don't lose as much time and have less pirate attacks when I'm farming.I'd love to see the multiplayer when it's ready and see that I can talk to other people though radio. And by just typing that a new block idea antenna. The same mechanic goes into it just like a hyperspace jumpdrive. But with the ability to communicate to other players for long distences. And ability to send S.O.S. signals (if your just a mining ship with no good weapons attached). And retrive distress signals.I'll rate this game 9.5/10 from your friend a sandgrain ;)"
76561198098119528,Recommended,445220,30299997,Posted: 3 March,all,BoneCrusher036,hate this game..... 5 stars
,Recommended,445220,30630046,Posted: 19 March,all,MustyManureMan,like if space engineers wasn't♥♥♥♥♥♥and had a baby with capitolism
,Recommended,445220,30304998,Posted: 3 March,all,Catfan6,"Cool game. Very good graphics for a medium end PC. Start up in a little drone and a bunch of iron and work your way up to a rare mineral called ""Avorion"" (hence the name). Start up a proper ship, crew and command multiple craft (if you get that far), become the bane of pirates across a radomly generated galaxy full of pirates, governments, and aliens. Fight with your  friends, or fight each other. Mess around, building a mish-mash of things with the ratehr appealing building tool, complete with turrets, drones/fighters. Explore the entire GALAXY of over 1000 stars (not all are garanteed a big find, though), but keep in mind that the game does slow down a bit in large scale battles, especially in the online mode."
,Recommended,445220,31849757,Posted: 19 May,all,Neverr,This. Game. Is. AMAZING.
,Recommended,445220,30256002,Posted: 28 February,all,La vache carry,"Sweeeet gaaaaameee, die and die very hard lose legendary but worth"
,Recommended,445220,29477474,Posted: 24 January,all,Vincent,Fun
,Recommended,445220,29753617,Posted: 6 February,all,PandaWithAFedora,"Rammed a small ship, Capital ship exploded11/10 Would turn off ram damage again"
76561198164494443,Recommended,445220,33817178,Posted: 26 July,all,Scrubadubud,I love this game to death... My only problem with it is the lack of OS X supportI want it and a lot of others want it too.
76561197998055733,Recommended,445220,29565964,Posted: 29 January,all,Overheader,"This is what SPAZ2 should have been like. Honestly.I did not like SPAZ2 and ended up refunding it. SPAZ2 for me didn't capture game magic like SPAZ did.Avorion pretty much manages to do that, capture that game magic that hooks you.It is Early Access though, which shows as some minor glitches and design oversights.Two glitches I've come across: derpy trader AI getting stuck with it's pathing in front of trading stations and sometimes stations dont get docking bay because they are made through RNG.Design oversight: Stations don't do business with you if you have too many weapons on your ship, meaning you have to strip off your weapons EACH TIME you want to do business with a station (hire crew and sometimes trade upgrades/turrets, though sometimes latter one works even with weapons). This is really annoying.But I'll give developer benefit of the doubt, this has just come to Early Access and say this game will be at least polished upon.TL;DR: If you liked SPAZ1 and were not really impressed with SPAZ2 (or even if you were) I'd recommend this for you. However, if this game doesn't get improved upon, I might re-review this game and think again."
,Recommended,445220,30156426,Posted: 24 February,all,GOUST,bueno
76561198131140873,Recommended,445220,29566587,Posted: 29 January,all,cmr9483,"Please do not heed the negative reviews about bugs. This is an early access game, of course it will have bugs.You'e just gonna have to deal with bugs and other issues in an early access game.Right now, I see only promise. Of course, I may have a measly 7 hour record, but its still enough to see the good.The devs, if they stick to their promises will add more.... a lot more.I recommend this game for its future, and even its present."
,Recommended,445220,29568602,Posted: 29 January,all,Cpt. Weiner,"This game is perfect for its current state, couple of bugs, some stuffs are unintuitives but are yet to be fixed for sure. The complexity, the fluidity and the diversity of the gameplay make the game very VERY satisfying. My only real cons is when you search Avorion on google for some wiki, you fall on some Trump abortion bull shiits instead... -.-"
76561198066450280,Recommended,445220,29586089,Posted: 30 January,all,TheHitManRev,-Build beautiful Xanion ship-Equip with the most expensive field generators-Outfit ship with the finest crew in the galaxy-Hyperdrive set to max-Prepare for journey of a lifetime-Bump into small asteroid-Explode and lose hours of work10/10
76561198055122534,Recommended,445220,30286034,Posted: 2 March,all,Valetudin Arian,"WARNING: extremely addictive!I admit I was hesitant due to my dislike of blocky graphixs but I am honestly glad I tried it out because I was hooked 2 minutes into the game. The game itself plays very well, and being early access the bugs are noticable but not always a hinderance but more importantly there is so much to do and the replayability even with the bugs is huge.Pros:Seeded universe so it can be completely different to or as identicle as your last play through.You can build your ship from scratch or use a blueprint of one you find.Weapons are rng so you can have an amalgamation of cannons that each have 1-4 barrels, do 100-8k damge, fire rate of 0.1 to 6.0, range from 4k - 18k, % chance to penetrate shields, % bonus to damage, % bonus to cooldown.....get the idea?Have ai controlled fleet ships to help or hinder your progress.Cons:Early access with everything that comes with a game that is incomplete."
,Recommended,445220,34236304,Posted: 14 August,all,Sycration,Very Good game :) love the idea but PLEASE fix the mining A.I.
76561198049695512,Recommended,445220,30779386,Posted: 27 March,all,Praytock,This game is awesome!Would buy again 10/10
,Recommended,445220,30714141,Posted: 24 March,all,Toumoose,"This game is honestly fun, I've enjoyed making really detailed ships, fighting pirates and spending large hunk of time actually trying to get to the center, it's even better with friends and I happen to enjoy the idea of managing my crew. My beef with this game is when it comes to crashing into asteriods (the thing that kills me most in this game, I've only died by crashing). I'd love to see a more realistic setting for collision, since you can break parts off why not just set the part health as the parts taken damage rather  than losing a whole ship just because you hit one measily asteriod at full speed? It's the most disheartening thing to see you started all the way back at the beginning with none of your stuff left (yes I know you can turn it off but I like the idea of taking damage when crashing, I just think the system should be a little different for ease of access for newcomers). Overall this game is damn fun and I will be spending a large portion of time on this game (especially with friends)."
76561197985685147,Recommended,445220,34871380,Posted: 10 September,all,Bots,Similar to X3 but with multiplayer and a minecraft like features in ship building and feel.
,Recommended,445220,30695435,Posted: 23 March,all,wedapow,Great Game One Of The Best Sand Box Games I've Ever Played
76561198269085965,Recommended,445220,30925684,Posted: 3 April,all,claymor,i hope for big cannon like on battleship... :D
,Recommended,445220,34072803,Posted: 6 August,all,OptiumSteel,Avorion is a game about building an space ship and upgrading it when you get new ores. I am not going to tell you any more you have to find out but before i played this game i tryed tons of space games i did not like them but this one is rigth for me this game never gets boring. when you beat single player go play online with friends and rule the world. this is one of the best space games i ever played. the game is eazy to get into and play it is minecraft but in space and 10x as cool. this game also has tons pf skill in it fight people online killing space pirates and alliances and aliens you can rule Avorion but first you need to kill evey one in your path. it is fun to kill cargo ship cuz they have tons of loo in then and kill pirates they also have tons of loot. what are you waiting for play this game just do it! xD. i give this game 11/10
,Recommended,445220,30342543,Posted: 5 March,all,♠Yama♠,"One of my favourite games, in this game you can customize your ship however you want, you can scale, change color, have crew, fight in a big battles, you have fractions that have respect to you, you can mine resources and moreGame is in EA but it's veeery playable, far from full version but it's very good10/10"
,Recommended,445220,30051911,Posted: 19 February,all,Dan3000au,Best space ship build em game i have played in awhile.
,Recommended,445220,29536814,Posted: 28 January,all,.҉  Reme✧,It's a good space game / builder but it makes things way too complicated i'm not complaining but it would be nice to have an auto dock and a brake type system. Other than that this game has vast amounts of bugs...like when changing resolutions and making it window mode the menu completely offsets itself and make it impossible to change it back. BUT! and i say BUT! this game has so much potential!
76561198013397733,Recommended,445220,33070217,Posted: 30 June,all,Trixie,"Awesome game for a surprisingly low price, if you like building, exploring, trading, mining, salvaging or having huge faction vs faction wars in space with your own fleet, then get this game, it's great and it's cheap."
76561198005908527,Recommended,445220,33010774,Posted: 29 June,all,alipetzky,this game is awesome i cant put it down. also the workshop is flush with ships that i cannot wait to try out. deffinatly woth the 15 i shelled out for it
76561198062259956,Recommended,445220,30179026,Posted: 25 February,all,amst,"This game is obviously heavily inspired by Egosoft's X series of games, X3 in particular. This is evident in everything from basic game design, to music, to even space station names. For those who haven't played them, X games are space sims balanced about equally between economics, exploration, and combat. You start out in a lowly single POS ship and expand your empire until you control dozens of space stations and capital warships. All this takes place in a dynamic economy where space stations take basic or intermediate resources, and NPC (or player) freighters have to deliver the resources, or the factory doesn't work.So far, this game suffers from the same major problem as X3: it works great when you're controlling a single ship, but when you go beyond that, the controls and functionality becomes very cumbersome. Non-player controlled ships don't really work OOS, according to forums. Hopefully all this will improve before the game comes out of EA. The problems are compounded in Avorion by the fact that ships basically become obsolete after new ore types are found.The biggest difference b/t the X-series and Avorion is that ships in Avorion are custom-built using blocks/voxels, in a manner very reminescent of Reassembly. This is pretty cool when you're designing your main player ship, but again, it could use a bit more functionality for mass-producing auxillary ships, although it has some. Basically more templates are needed. Another novelty is that in Avorion, you get crew that level up with use. This is a nice touch although I could not figure out how to transfer crew to other ships (EDIT: I figured it out, but the UI seems to imply crew can be transferred remotely between ships. They can't).Apparently you cannot rename ships?? Also, if you play this, save yourself some trouble and disable collision damage from the start. It is insanely hard to dock without colliding, especially with big ships. Having played X3 I did this from the beginning. If I hadn't, I would have died literally 100 times and probably♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off every faction.Avorion could take another page from X3's book and fill the vastness of empty space with lots of small civilian freighters. Right now, ""busy"" sectors may have 10 ships in them, and most sectors are utterly empty. Probably realistic, but would be better if there were a little more going on. Similarly, Avorion is completely procedurally generated, but I think best results are achieved with a procedural-manual hybrid. Avorion's quests are just like X3 -- extremely rote and repetitive, although thankfully more renumerative. With a little competence, very little grinding is required compared to other games in the genre, which is a huge plus.I am excited about the potential for this game. X3 had so much unfulfilled potential, even though I really liked it. As a programmer myself, I've often wondered how one would make a better X3, because the fundamental concept is so sound but the execution was flawed. The Avorion devs seem to have taken up the challenge. Good luck to them, and a good start so far.My recommendations: For X3 fans, worth a buy now, if for no other reason than to support this genre. This is a better game than X Rebirth already. For space sim fans, probably. For others, wait until it gets out of EA."
76561197998933573,Not Recommended,445220,34164812,Posted: 11 August,all,Quixxxotic,"God I used to love this game, but all I do anymore is something else entirely, waiting for that hyperspace cooldown.Really.The hours I have invested into this game- Cut them in half, replace with ""Looking at phone, watching TV, etc"" because they're not spent actually playing the game.Just a bad idea, Koonschi.:("
,Not Recommended,445220,29611285,Posted: 31 January,all,Absolute Madman✨,"""This is really one of those games I feel like I should be having alot more fun than I actually am.""To me, its not good enough to like, but not bad enough that I can give it a negative review, however, I will not recommend it yet.This will not help your descision process but here is how the low down is...Pros:-Complex Trading System-SImplified Stretchy-Block Building System-Crew Management and AI friendly ships-Politics System-Death runaround, you'll never find yourself truly broken and without the ability to continue.Cons:-Not so pretty UI-Feels like a really really old game, like those old microsoft games that all the corners were made of razor blades and everyone spoke at you the same way.-Samey and Repedative building (Once you've played games like SE or Interstellar Rift, you really learn to love the complexity)-Unvaluable Building Controls (You have to manually click and drag each item from the picker into your hotbar)-Ultra Repeative Block Feel (They are pallet swaps of each other, with each tier having newer and complex blocks)-Movement system that, frankly, is very stressful. (Trying to move is a chore, and it really breaks me out of the game.)Sigh, all in all, I'm going to give it a positive review because the gameplay is original and it holds itself upright with the building. (If with brittle biskets)Other notes are the devs are really good about listening and updating. Good on you guys. I'll be keep the game in my inventory to see how it progresses."
,Recommended,445220,29469266,Posted: 24 January,all,Painless,"I like it.  Looks cool, runs well on my older hardware.  It hitches here and there but this is an alpha.It's fun.  Grab a copy!"
,Recommended,445220,29475274,Posted: 24 January,all,zkluhman,We're all wondering how we've never heard of this game until now.
,Recommended,445220,29474977,Posted: 24 January,all,beast10,I'm enjoying the game already so its def worth getting at this stage. Perfect early access title.
76561198010865940,Recommended,445220,29483482,Posted: 25 January,all,A Polar Bear,im going to throw this reccomendation right here after spending almost 8 and a half hours straight enthralled in this.
,Recommended,445220,29688078,Posted: 4 February,all,NorthernBlazer420,"Thank you for an awesome game devs! F the bugs the gameplay counters anything bad saidt about this game.Very addictive experience, Sleep is for the weak!Back to exploring the system! Cheers!"
76561198121574271,Recommended,445220,29713785,Posted: 5 February,all,FrozenIceberg,Built awesome shipwhent to fastLost control of the shipCrashet it into space stationNow the faction is at war with me10/10 Would do that again
,Recommended,445220,29765305,Posted: 7 February,all,cccattt,"This game is great!Custom ships, Lots of cannons and lazers, Resource gathering, Fighters, Fleets, Stations, Economy, Trading, Paint jobs, Good graphics, Open galaxy exploration, Co-Op, and soon multiplayer official servers,  and probably more I have not founds yet.Definitely worth the price"
,Recommended,445220,29765706,Posted: 7 February,all,Dirty,"This game is so calming and relaxing.Also, ship building is very intuitive.Highly recommend."
,Recommended,445220,29521000,Posted: 27 January,all,Neko77025,"I love this game.   Its really hard to descrbie it tho .. cause their is nothing really like.1)  Build A ship.2)  Mine some ore for adding to your ship and for selling.3)  Loot , buy it from store or go kill some ships4)  Explore find better ores to upgrade your ship ... kill more stuff for better items .. A so on.So their is A big of A RPG aspect to the game .   Their are equipment slots in the game .. but its based on how big your ship is.   The equipment can overhaul your gear.  Allow you to equip more guns or mining lasers,  It can upgrade your batteries or power gen, sancers, jump range,  shields ect ect ect.   Their are all types and rare levels.     Same thing for weapons , mining lasers, slavage lasers , repair lasers.Their many types of blocks and tiers of materials.  Not only do new materials (iron , Tittanum , nanonite, ect ect ) upgrade  stats of blocks , but also allow you to make new tech.   Like you get forcefields once you can get Nanonite (3rd teir)You can also do trade runs and build stations.The looting reminds me of diablo.I think this game is going too be HUGE."
76561197985508342,Not Recommended,445220,30022975,Posted: 18 February,all,mudplayerx,"The idea behind this game seems like an exciting idea whith limitless scenarios. It even looks very good for the simple graphics and performs well as far as optimization goes. It was initially fun building ships and flying around space; upgrading my specs and battling other ships. However, it quickly became evident that the individual parts do not make a good whole.The game quickly becomes boring. If you have ever played Eve or any other game where you mine asteroids then you know it can get repetative and boring. It definitely gets boring in this game and seems to take too long even in a ship built and outfitted just for mining. Instead of going 'yay more resources,' I found myself dreading the chore of shooting my boring tracking-beam like lasers into my 1000th pixelated boulder.The combat was initially fun, but the tactics remain the same for every single battle. Fight three ships at once and then repair your ship, or run away and double back and take them one at a time.... ad nauseum. The pirates and aliens always arrive the same way: a simple message saying they have arrived, then the ships appear and start shooting at the nearest target. They never fly around and dogfight; they just statically sit there pew pewing. If you fly away they pursue the same way every single time and stop pursuing after the same distance every single time.The guns were satisfying initially as the little explosions were gratifying as well as being able to target specific blocks of enemy ships and destroy them. However, there were only two types of weapons that I saw (chainguns and bolters). Both of the weapons were visually unstunning and got boring very fast. The fact that the weapons all had overheat and cooldown times was frustrating, boring, and served no purpose other than to drag out the static fights and put some artificial complexity into the flatline pulse of Avorium's combat.TLDR: Building your first ship and fighting your first enemy is very entertaining. About five more down the line you realize that you have done everything that this game has to offer and go play something else. I know this is early access, but there would have to be a ton of work done to make this entertaining."
,Recommended,445220,29471045,Posted: 24 January,all,[OMA] Dark-Noir,Pro:- I have to travel to the center of the universe- It is not No Man's Sky- German programmingCon:- Bigger playerbase is needed
,Recommended,445220,34179806,Posted: 11 August,all,Goatboy,very good bit laggy but semi great story and lot of action
,Not Recommended,445220,33398351,Posted: 9 July,all,General Meowshington,"with a i7-6700k @ 4Ghz, 32 GB RAM and a Geforce GTX 970 I couldn't play the Game due to Performance Problems. I am sad now."
76561198190737755,Not Recommended,445220,30719179,Posted: 24 March,all,______GrayFox______,I just cant get into this game. I've tried several times to come back and replay it. The only part I like is ship building and even that has gotten boring for me. The amount of very slow and tedious time spent mining & trading is horrible. Your efforts dont seem to have any big payoffs. You get no driving force to keep doing it then once your ship gets wrecked to start over. its painful. You do it over and over and get better but the question I asked myself early on was are you having fun doing this? After a few more times playing that answer was no.
,Recommended,445220,32908833,Posted: 27 June,all,Sullen,Avorion is such a fun game and i can't wait to see what this game has to offer in the future!
76561198074592765,Recommended,445220,34062847,Posted: 6 August,all,SIrBeanAlotUK,Great Game a must buy. :)
76561198098445180,Recommended,445220,32007917,Posted: 27 May,all,FormalCyborg,1. Make a ship2. Get distress call3. Distess call turns out to be a trap4. Die to pirates10/10 would die again
76561197999782414,Recommended,445220,29948219,Posted: 15 February,all,leeroy jenkemmms,Yes
76561197992574380,Recommended,445220,30387150,Posted: 8 March,all,Guffer,"Excellent game.Had 50+ hours so far, and still love it.It will be one of those game i will pull out from Steam Libraryfrom time to time to play, in the years to come."
76561198147781201,Recommended,445220,29635471,Posted: 1 February,all,Nathan the Legionare,Amazing Game!
,Recommended,445220,29451990,Posted: 23 January,all,20k,"Surprisingly good, lots of exploration but the universe is actually full of things to find"
76561198103438780,Recommended,445220,29833086,Posted: 10 February,all,"Joseph ""Dio"" Stalin","Can space in space, 10/10 would space again."
,Recommended,445220,30107764,Posted: 22 February,all,BSTL,"Suffice to say, the developer is really cool, and takes the time to talk to people about bugs and his idea for where the game is headed."
,Recommended,445220,34321884,Posted: 17 August,all,Power Clit,"Now this game has plenty of potential, I can't wait for more updates to fix the bugs on multiplayer and basic gameplay. Keep up the hard work!"
,Recommended,445220,29473714,Posted: 24 January,all,Mooo25,"The multiplayer, sandbox, space ship game you have been looking for!Build your ship.Build a fleet.Build a star station!It's highly customizable and you have to manage your crew on your ship.Worth it. 10/10"
76561198097481994,Recommended,445220,29765780,Posted: 7 February,all,Chocolate Thunder,More bugs than the starship troopers movie
76561197973739470,Not Recommended,445220,30496055,Posted: 13 March,all,[DPST] Wee Baby Seamus,"Game is amazing....When it runs. I know its alpha and itll have bugs. BUT this game has a problem that, to my research hasnt been fixed or addressed by the devs.Your game will start to randomly crash, the more hours you log, I am at the point were the game will only run for 1- 2 minutes and then crash, the logs always say the same thingMon Mar 13 13:23:32 2017| An exception occurred: not implementedCant play the game now...Cant recommend, and i really want to because its GREAT! ...WHEN IT WORKS!!"
76561198236343882,Recommended,445220,30601632,Posted: 18 March,all,Maverik,"A solid Space exploration, spaceship building, semi large scale space battle single player/multiplayer game. Really fun to play and mess with. Actually is deeper, gamepaly wise then it seems at first. Haven't had any bugs or glitches yet but maybe I am just lucky. Also runs very well on my craptop.Intel integrated i3-5005u, Intel HD Family graphics 5500, 4 gigs ram"
76561198115955338,Recommended,445220,30006087,Posted: 18 February,all,ogo136,"This game is great, tons to do, i cant wait for multiplayer. But i have an issue. when i have been playing with my freind on multiplayer i came across the problem of when he wnet through a warp gate his game would freeze and crash, meaning every time we wanted to move sector he would have to restart his game. i would rate a 9/10 and defenetly a 10/10 if this issue is resolved. thx"
,Recommended,445220,29490930,Posted: 25 January,all,Merino,"After buying and playing half a dozen space sim open world build-your-own-ship kind of games during the winter sale and not one of them really keeping me interested for longer than an evening usually due to clunky controls or lack of content, this one immediately clicked while playing the demo. Looking forward to many evenings of exploration, mining, trading, raiding, upgrading and of course highly intuitive and not unnecessarily complex building!"
76561198297279619,Recommended,445220,31125307,Posted: 13 April,all,SeMaGoD,A surprisingly fun game. Very in depth.
,Recommended,445220,29919473,Posted: 14 February,all,Metalaggression,"Avorion, no idea what the name means.. AnywayI have to say the game is great especially for an early access game.The game features a Minecraft like building method with a few twist and edges that allow you to make a truly unique looking spaceship or space station. Avorion falls short on story or any kind of explanation of why or what is happening.. So even when you play on survival mode the game truly feels like a creative mode but you need to gather resources and what not.The game does fall short in content though, building ships and stations and fighting the same weirdly shaped aliens or other factions can only go so far. The world is huge but so empty and meaningless that it never motivates you to really go out and explore, but more or so do it out of necessity.The multiplayer falls incredibly short especially if you're playing with more than 5 - 10 people on the same server, and it's not the hosts fault, this makes the game a lot more boring due to having to play alone or deal with an incredible amount of lag and discomfort to enjoy a multiplayer experience.I will still recommend the game as I'd like to see a lot of the issues with it fixed as the potential this game has is almost unheard of in an early access game.PS: PLEASE ALLOW FREE CAMERA MOVEMENT IN BUILDING MODE, HAVING THE CAMERA HINGED ALL THE TIME MAKES IT INCREDIBLY ANNOYING TO BUILD ANYTHING BIG."
76561198147528554,Recommended,445220,29921611,Posted: 14 February,all,Clam70,Good game it take time to get good at building the building is not vary hard just takes practices.
76561198092748476,Recommended,445220,29769756,Posted: 7 February,all,DUKEYBABY,very good very fun game! looks good set for good things ahead
,Recommended,445220,29861567,Posted: 11 February,all,Childish Dreams,"This game is worth buying.It is lacking depth. It needs way more RPG elements, leveling, grinding of skills as currently you only upgrade buy either mining or fighting. That's it. You are less a captain and more a CEO.This game would be amazing and worth much more if (hopefully when!) you can level up skills such as mining, gunner, piloting, trading just by doing those things.As it stands exploring and figuring out how to build and upgrade your ship is still fun and worth the cost to buy. Zero buys encountered so far and runs smooth.So if by chance the developer reads these.. please focus on RPG skills so our time invested is truly worth it and we become true captains of our ships!Happy travels in space!"
76561198001536271,Recommended,445220,29922169,Posted: 14 February,all,odhan,"Picked the game up less than a week ago after seeing a few episodes of a YouTube play through. I'm now around 30 hours in have played a few private sessions with a friend. For it's quality in early access I really cannot fault it, the game is already fun, shows potential and I haven't noticed any major bugs."
76561198089356209,Recommended,445220,29731969,Posted: 5 February,all,Danielkjm,This is the best Space Game  !*Cheap And Good*Nice Ui And grafics*Can destroy every single object*Good Mecanics*is that Good And is still Beta ! WOW*they have a great support Team*Minecraft in Space XD and is better then Minecraft*In Less then 1 or 2 Hrs you can master the Game*If you Buy it you wont Regreat- this game was a few grafic and visual Bugs-Some ramdom Frame Drops while in Battle ( battles involving 10 to 20 ships sometimes. )-In the beggining you will feal Lost and be a little Angry ( But Have Patience is worth It )-Have some non Implemented mecanics in the game . ( Dont Tease me PLZ i like surprisesT-T )In the End its a great game and is just beginning i can't Wait to see all future uptades . Thanks for making me love games again *-*
,Recommended,445220,30274905,Posted: 2 March,all,Freddy,"Didn't made any promises, and costs 18 bugs, early access and still better than No Mans Sky"
76561198051650366,Recommended,445220,29902795,Posted: 13 February,all,Alos,I love it already
76561198007316284,Recommended,445220,30139534,Posted: 24 February,all,E-batya,"Thats a fantastic Space Game to give you an idea it is like an Eve-online clone for homeless, unemployed, poor nerds :DAt current stage if u enjoy eve-online type games but with an ability to 100% make ur own ship design i advice this for sureWorth it money unlike No Man sky"
,Recommended,445220,31874187,Posted: 20 May,all,loopyman,dis gud. berry gud
76561198189026265,Recommended,445220,29932557,Posted: 14 February,all,Ahlwynn,very noice
,Recommended,445220,29931229,Posted: 14 February,all,.yerts,its ok
76561198210291931,Recommended,445220,30348607,Posted: 5 March,all,Santa Blanca,This game is good.if you like space and building spaceships
,Recommended,445220,31302030,Posted: 22 April,all,WinningPrism817,Great Game love it but it needs to not crash when i press b
76561198187836994,Recommended,445220,30316195,Posted: 4 March,all,abyss5000,"MInecraft x Space Engineers done perfectly, quickly become my favourite game, really worth buying as it is extremely playable for an early access, hopefully it makes it the whole way but overall I am very impressed."
,Recommended,445220,33598749,Posted: 16 July,all,brnt_tost,"This game is far from complete, but as a player from way before it even made it to steam, I can say it's come a good way in its time. It's not the answer to Elite, Star Citizen, or the hype to No Man's Sky. It is however a ♥♥♥♥ing classy♥♥♥♥♥indie game that got it's base for gameplay worked out before it tried to push story over content.I can say that custom ships in this game look waaay better then the weird blocky aesthetic Space Engineers has going on. I mean, it's relative. If you build to Space Engineers... Engineering of it's building system you can pump out some bomb♥♥♥♥♥ships. But a Star Destoyer looks like a Star Destroyer in Avorion. And that's what Space Simulators come down to amirite?That said, don't expect a walk in the park with building said Star Destroyer, I prefer it to SE, but that's because I spent more time in Avorion so, grain of salt with that one. It does take getting used to, but once you know the tricks you're gold.Battles are pretty sick, although may need some optimizing maybe. Maybe. I'm not an expert on HW to SW ratios and what you need to get what you want, but when one faction comes marching in with its britches high and another calls back-up.♥♥♥♥♥♥Stutters. And I mean STUTTERS. I have an MSI GTX 1070, but a bad CPU so who knows, probably me honestly.There's trading and you can kinda become a pirate and make friends with pirate factions so... already 1uping No Man's Sky! Minus the whole ""land on planets"" deal, but they were really diffedrent coats of paint with that♥♥♥♥♥♥Anyways, TLDR:I went into creative and built In Amber Clad with some high end metals and rammed poor suckers still jerking it in their mom's low-end shuttle from 1980. 9/10, not enough synthwave."
76561198109258789,Recommended,445220,33574276,Posted: 15 July,all,its_danus,Awesome game
,Recommended,445220,33593048,Posted: 16 July,all,STABBY,not bd
76561198089072911,Recommended,445220,29464737,Posted: 24 January,all,Musickiller,Works even on GTS 250 and is still beautiful!! xD
76561198277576524,Recommended,445220,29968427,Posted: 16 February,all,ViciousPeanut,DIS GAME IS AWESOME IT IS FANTASTIC
,Recommended,445220,29968807,Posted: 16 February,all,Xnder99,"This game may have its bugs, some may be game breaking, but it is an early access game. I may get confused on how you disconnect from a server hosted on the same machine, but that's bugs. Otherwise, all the time I spent ingame was fun and relaxing, which is expected when mining and building. Whenever I got into a fight the pace changed from relaxing to action packed. At the time of this review I've done a fight which was about 1v17 which was very enjoyable.Buy the game to support the developers and to show this is a game the people want to see."
,Recommended,445220,30729572,Posted: 25 March,all,Hasty,Very nice game.
,Recommended,445220,31266795,Posted: 20 April,all,D4rkDr4gon,i like the game cant wait till it gets more added!
76561198085157574,Recommended,445220,29705623,Posted: 4 February,all,Omniscient,"Created a ship, mined some iron, killed some pirates, upgraded, and then hit an asteroid at full speed and died10/9 would hit asteroid againSeriously though this game's amazing. Better than waffles. Well. Maybe."
,Recommended,445220,29565092,Posted: 29 January,all,Overburn,"Oh my. This game. This a really dangerous game for me. Dangerous in that, I can sit down with it only meaning to play a little while. . .  and before I know 6 hours has flown by.While Early Access, the game already has a LOT to offer in it's current state.The map is HUGE and the game play elements that are already in, are really addictive and fun.Building your ship block by block is a real treat. The loot gathering is another fun aspect. When you destroy ships, they have a chance to drop different types of loot ala Diablo. You can be atrader. A Pirate. A smuggler. An Entreprenour. You can build your own stations. hell your own fleets that are controlled by AI crew with you issuing orders.If you love space games such as the ""X"" series, you owe it to yourself to give this one a shot. Multiplayer and being able to run your own dedicated servers are the icing on top of this delicious cake. Yes, it is also moddable with extensive LUA files. It already has all the pieces to make it truly great. . .  and its not even done yet! This developer deserves the support of anyone that loves space genre games."
76561197967284731,Recommended,445220,34277206,Posted: 16 August,all,theKSK,Minecraft in Space.isgood.
,Recommended,445220,31375318,Posted: 26 April,all,Bones-o-Matic,"Unbelievably addictive ship building. I used to love building lego space ships when I was a kid and one of the first games I played was Tie Fighter, this game combines the two magnificently."
76561198023581341,Recommended,445220,31376010,Posted: 26 April,all,Nyaxx,"Well, the game as some flaws, hell it's still AE, I wish some features be developed or fixed BUT, as of now, for 20$, if you are into spaceship games, Buy it. I mostly play SP for now but I hope for some of my friends to grab it and play with them."
,Recommended,445220,34421350,Posted: 22 August,all,Pear UK,"Great game, worth the money, worth the days going by very fast"
,Recommended,445220,30322741,Posted: 4 March,all,The Dragon Reborn,Very interesting open ended gameplay. Good tutorial to get you started but still leaves a lot to learn. Spent hours just exploring.
,Recommended,445220,34469049,Posted: 24 August,all,Stepka32,It was fun and relaxing until i accidentally crashed my main shipP.S. Approach warp gates at low speed and do not rush like me  :<
76561198053186068,Recommended,445220,34625996,Posted: 30 August,all,CursedCrows,The Building System is Amazing
,Recommended,445220,34650316,Posted: 31 August,all,Dx3bug,♥♥♥♥ING GOOOOOOD
,Recommended,445220,30464976,Posted: 11 March,all,Kitcordell,No better way to do an early access
76561198261881220,Recommended,445220,30072275,Posted: 20 February,all,jb419816,Lit game
,Recommended,445220,29510547,Posted: 26 January,all,φ Biscuit Stalker φ,"Would lose connection to server during singleplayer again.10/10P.S.Love the game, just... Damn."
76561198067470129,Recommended,445220,35132897,Posted: 22 September,all,WKDH,10/10
76561198006595204,Recommended,445220,29557358,Posted: 28 January,all,Sikareus,"I bought this game a few days ago and I've clocked 30 hours already. I'm not sure if anyone really ""needs"" more of a review than that.To say this is a gem is a massive understatement. For an early access title this sucker is jam-packed with enough content to keep me busy for 100+ hours, and that's before I even delve into multiplayer.Buy it now. I would have happily paid much more for this amazing sandbox."
,Recommended,445220,29554889,Posted: 28 January,all,BipolarTopHat,"Really Really enjoying this game, the building of ships is quite easy and you can get pretty complex....procedurally generated NPC ships and stations is cool...no shorter of things to blow up or pirate.  Doesn't feel early access, definitely scratching that itch I've had for a good free roam space game.  Totally worth the price"
,Recommended,445220,29556305,Posted: 28 January,all,BigNose,"First looking into this I thought it was some kind of minigame, only fun for a couple of hours...Boy, how wrong I was.Worth the money for sure!"
76561198136445943,Recommended,445220,29554758,Posted: 28 January,all,Galileo007,"This is what Starmade meant to be, but couldn't do.I just watched a rival faction warp in a fleet of ships and start attacking the system I was in, escalating into a 15-minute dogfight with the defenders calling in reinforcement and eventually winning. I was in awe of the fight, the aftermath, and the faction's war. Sifting through the broken wreckage with my tiny scavenger...it felt real.Avorion is a 3D procedural exploration, combat, and trading game set in space. There is a nearly endless list of things you can do, and an amazing amount of content. The game is beautiful, with a blocky, colorful art style which heavily reminds me of the graphics of pre-2006 EVE Online. But unlike the older game it reminds me of, this has 21st century polish to the art style, and despite the classic look never feels old.And speaking of polished, this is one of the best optimized games I have ever seen. I know I run this on a very high end machine, but literally nothing ever drops me below 60 FPS. Even more than 25 AI in full combat in a system with thousands of things floating around it. It's a common problem with games that feature so many objects to have lag spikes and glitchy movement. This game has none of that, and moves fluidly.Glitches are practical nonexistent. I played for 12 hours in two days, and as of writing this I have not encountered a single major glitch. Nuff said.The world feels fleshed out and real; there are conflicts, and some story. The galaxy you play in is huge. The progression your goal takes time and you can't just skip everything and win anyway. There is both a progression of materials, with you gaining more and more strong equipment as you go, and loot tiers for those items, with greater rewards for your harder work.The game has a fully functioning loot system for ship parts you can take from destroyed enemies, a full 100+ items commodities system for trading, and a plethora of items and weapons. I have hundreds and am still finding new things constantly. The physical ship building is not done with items, and rather is done completely custom by you. It costs money  and raw materials and you can make any parts your heart desires.The building features a somewhat unique solution to age old design limits: unlocked scaling. You take a material, and scale it to whatever size you need. Other games have parts at certain sizes, but this game lets you custom make them at nearly anything you could need. Their functionality is then based on that custom size. So if you made a 3x3x3 shield generator, it wouldn't be as powerful as a 3x3x9 shield generator. This keeps everything fair while still allowing huge freedom of design.The building is only part of the game though, and after more than 10 hours of play I have only needed to make three ships. Combat is a main part of the game, and is very fun. Combat is fast-paced and with nutonian physics requires some thought. Equal fights are won with skill and strategy. Enemies are hugely varied, just like the weapons at your disposal to dispatch them. Pick sides and draw conclusions about who to shoot, or be a pirate and shoot everyone because it's fun! <3Now for the few breif downsides of this game:>The UI could do with some love.>I would like a bloom intensity option in the settings. Some of my ships can get annoyingly bright with large amounts of  white Titanium thrusters.>It's a 0.10 Beta.Think about that last one for a second... all of this and the game is A F***ING 0.10 BETA. No part of this game feels like it's one-tenth the way done. This is an early access game the same way Besiege is an early access game. A fleshed out, well-made, heavily polished, fun game. Future content is coming, and the devs are working closely with people.To long, didn't read version:Buy it, it's f***ing awesome. It's like a 3D version of Reassembly, and just as addictive. Worth the price, devs are awesome, game is huge.9/10 now, 10/10 when it's complete.And one last footnote about the soundtrack. The game uses a soundtrack featuring a lot of music from Machinimasound (Look them up on YouTube). It was beyond amazing to hear songs I already liked and listened to included in a game. So far I have heard and identified the songs Anomaly Detected, Exigence and Hyperdrive. There are probably more. (And whoever picked Hyperdrive, you sir, need a high-five.)"
,Recommended,445220,29555540,Posted: 28 January,all,Count Yorlick,"This is an amazing game. Unfortunatly, online play is very unstable. It looks like if you can handle  single player that this game is for you until they work out the multiplayer issues.Its like minecraft but in space, with trading and fighting and mining."
,Recommended,445220,29558146,Posted: 28 January,all,orannj,"Hey.  I don't really review too much, but I felt like this deserved one. It definitely should have some more recognition. I've not really seen this level in quality in an EA game for a while. Honestly, it feels like a fairly complete game as is. Gigantic universe, AI ships, factions, reputation system, and an excellent ship editor. Very worth the 18$."
76561198070154409,Recommended,445220,29558567,Posted: 28 January,all,Obamanizer,This game is allot more fun than i thought it was going to be.
76561198044004667,Recommended,445220,29747576,Posted: 6 February,all,willkiller1234,"Well crafted, detailed, interested and unique experience. Avorion brings an tastes of different amazing games and puts them together into this cocktail where we get the Avorion experience. It is very well optimized (Couldn't tell the difference between multiplayer and Singleplayer because it plays so well) with lots of detailed features espically for EA game!Pros- Ship design is fluid and takes the tedious task away with tools for building mirroring, block size, undo, and much more- Optimized, the biggest downfall in these new games is they play like crap. Not this one- Living world, Although they are ever adding to the galaxy, it is huge and each station and ship have different functions and work on their on time.- Galaxy is massive, enugh said there- Developers seem to know what they are doing here. Constant updatesCons- Non Detailed graphics. Some of the textures on the blocks are too similiar- Loading screens when warping to different systems (Would prefer a interactive load like a warp animation EX. Elite Dangerous)- AI Ships sometimes look like moving stations. Better ship design would be appreciated for the AIOverall, get this game. It is so far along in development that all that have to work on is bugs and features. Great buy."
76561198011570268,Recommended,445220,29456119,Posted: 23 January,all,Navalator,"Great game , way too many bugs as of yet !"
76561197966203934,Recommended,445220,29571059,Posted: 29 January,all,[b00n] §³{(- -)}Punisher{(- -)}§,"If i look at it what it already is, im scared what it could be after its finished ( good way). I played many space games in hope to get one with freelancer feeling, Rebel Galaxy was one of it just to short and small. Avorion is awesome so far.i love to hunt pirates down for upgreats, if you to far away from stations just farm astroits titan/iron (early) to repair your ship where ever you are.And so far no crashes."
,Recommended,445220,30521464,Posted: 15 March,all,DeadlyDanDaMan,Rebel Galaxy with the ability to build your own ships/fleets. That's EXACTLY what this game is. And it works beautifully:)
,Recommended,445220,31183904,Posted: 16 April,all,Princess Azula,"This game is fun, when it works. It has great mechanics but needs some -serious- work on stability and optimization. Which is unstandable for an early access game. Despite the issues it has im recommending it so that the Dev will get support while he works on the game's issue because I believe that it has great potentialEDIT: the performance and stability issues were with my system, I found a work around and now it works great 9/10 would recommend"
,Recommended,445220,33024994,Posted: 29 June,all,Orange&Black Colored Psychopath,"This game is dope as ♥♥♥♥. I've only played it for three hours straight but it's really fun. The tutorial is perfect, it gives you just enough information to get you started but not enough to make you know what you are doing. The building has it's kinks, as in it's a little confusing, but it's still fun to build, it's awesome. All the different sceneries you can see is gorgeous. I love how you can set up your crew and have to do specific things with them and I think you can make a fleet; which is amaing. Going out and looking for resources is fun too, because you get to explore an absolutely massive galaxy.I haven't gotten too far into PVP, but sitting back and shooting from afar gives me hope that PVP is going to be great, too.Overall, this game is worth it's $18."
,Recommended,445220,33069578,Posted: 30 June,all,Goshen,"This is a great game, I love the rogelike elements, the missions, the music..overall can't wait to see what you do with it."
,Recommended,445220,29641184,Posted: 1 February,all,J!nxedAlpaca,"What do you get when you mix Minecraft, Space Engineers, Eve Online and Elite Dangerous together? You get this mind bogging amazement of a game! This game certianly has a ton of potential to become something even greater than what it already is and I really hope that it does.Pros:* Nearly limitless and incredibly diverse ship building (you're quite literally only limited by your imagination, ore collection and credit balance.* Dynamic damage is freaking awesome and makes for sometimes unpredictable outcomes during combat* You can actually build and control a fleet of ships! This game actually does have a bit of RTS built into it.* Beautifully rendered environments* Players can immerse themselves in the more complex aspects of the game such as ship statistics (much like in Eve Online).Cons:* The game can quickly become overwhelming for players who aren't used to space sims or 6DOF style combat and manuevering.* The UI becomes a bit overwhelming at times (it has tons of things that are targeted that populate your screen, much like Eve Online).* Currently (at the time of this written review) the game is pretty basic and barebones, but it has a ton of potential. For what it has in it already, it's actually surprisingly good.My suggestions for the developer:* This game totally needs a dedicated MMO server of some kind* Mod support. I'm pretty sure there are players out there who want to mod the ever living snot out of this game.* Landing on planets (eventually) and planetary vehicles."
,Recommended,445220,29828351,Posted: 10 February,all,Agam Bellum,"Amazing.Beautiful.Captivating.Demanding.Excellent.You get the idea. This game has given me almost everyting I wanted in space simulator and sandbox. Although I am completely satisfied with what the game currently has, I am looking forward to what the creators and community cook up for this game. All indie space games will be judged by Avorion for a while. Long may it reign."
76561198040339543,Recommended,445220,30123310,Posted: 23 February,all,vMAVRICK,Great game for the genre.
76561198038419688,Recommended,445220,29472969,Posted: 24 January,all,Fictional Hero,This game is fun and the Devs are active on the offical forums. Its a great deal for the price.
,Recommended,445220,30492063,Posted: 13 March,all,BigMoneyC,"One of the few early access games that are worth a buy. This game has a lot. It may not be for everyone. But for those who like space adventure and building games, this is a must buy. Only con I see is the games tutorial doesn't teach you enough and forces you to search online."
,Recommended,445220,30268491,Posted: 1 March,all,Jason Voorhees,"buy the game for me and a friend.♥♥♥♥ around killing eachothers drones for 5 minutes.start building a long and thin ship, like an antenna.looks schwiftyfriend's ship is a big flat cubeleave and play other games for a bit.hop back on, finishing touches, crew and such.no resources, need quarters.♥♥♥♥♥♥drone out, blow up some space rocks.""oh♥♥♥♥♥♥"" *explosion*fly back, ship in piecesfriend flew ugly flat ship into my masterpiece.11/10 would blow up friend again."
76561198367024529,Not Recommended,445220,33047801,Posted: 30 June,all,a nice guy,People need to start posting honest reviews.  The devs are getting more entrenched in their Early Access bull.  Updates are taking WAY to long.  There are less than 50 people playing multiplayer.  The devs are toxic with their bad updates and their inability to support modders.  This game had potential but it just feels like vaporware.  Once you get started in the game and get past their lame grind you will see a massive lack of content.   Even some text based things that are easy to change and fix are not updated.  Also you can see an awful level of apathy from recent updates.  Trade was op so they just disabled trade.  I came back to this game after waiting 4 months and I can promise you this game is trash.
76561198073898900,Not Recommended,445220,30970674,Posted: 5 April,all,alec709k,"Single player game load times lengthen as you explore more of the galaxy, until the game refuses to load your save file.  When that happens, your ship is destroyed, any insurance you had on the ship is NOT honored, you lose all cargo, and you restart at your original point minus all ship mods collected to that point.Well it is early access; you cant expect a working game at this point, but paying money for this is too big of an ask.  Wait till it actually works is my suggestion."
76561198199774002,Not Recommended,445220,32677785,Posted: 23 June,all,Destin,"Depends on your personality if you will like this or not. I like more of a straight forward game and found this boring some parts into it. I just could not get into it and for me, it was a waste of money. I have learned from this though to research games intensively BEFORE buying them."
76561198062991119,Not Recommended,445220,33753287,Posted: 23 July,all,mr_teentitan,"I may only have 70 hours on record but I cannot honestly recommend this game. I have server hopped 4 times trying to find a stable server, which so far has not been possible. Combine this with server wipes due to instability/fixing issues has caused me nothing but headache. The most amount of players I have seen on a server is in the realm of 20-30. This in itself causes some intense bouts of lag that prevent any player from being able to do anything. Faction battles will randomly pop in between 10-20 ships of opposing factions and just add to these lag sessions.From the start, you are placed into a little drone with nothing more than mining lasers. Sure you can mine the beginning resources, if there are any left depending on your server and where you start. Your only means of making credits are either to sell these resources, which good luck because your not going to get very much for your haul, or fight pirates. Which again, good luck trying because you either lag out to where its near impossible, or they will destroy you.Cargo hauling/trading is just down right terrible. Your not going to get any bang for your buck whatsoever. Also, trying to find the next step up in equipment/material level  to either mine or salvage is aweful. You will have to jump between sectors aimlessly, trying to find a sector that has the right components. Also, this depends on if you can afford the price for the parts. Not only will you have these problems, but if you cant find an npc faction that is friendly to you, you wont be able to buy equipment/parts from them.I could go on with more but I want to keep this short. This game is poorly designed, it lags terribly, the games performance is that of games from the 90's. There is a huge roadblock when it comes to trying to progress in the game. Save yourself the money and dont buy this. For all the nay sayers out there, yes my computer can run this game no problem. Its not a hardware issue on my end nor is it my internet."
76561198030796768,Not Recommended,445220,31740744,Posted: 13 May,all,zadera,"Other than the fact that this game is kinda fun, I have had multiple crashes and now it just keeps crashing within 5 minutes of game entry. Also, kinda already bored with the ship building and the limited resource types.Pro's: this game has kind of a minecraft feel with elements of EVE online.Con's: game crashes, collisions that kill you, clunky game interface, where the notifications often get in the way of being able to see what you are doing. and oh yeah.... CRASHES.... did I mention those.Do take into consideration that this is early access..... you may want to wait and it may turn out to be a good game"
76561198052222227,Recommended,445220,32949096,Posted: 28 June,all,Hori,VEERY Good game.
,Recommended,445220,29497473,Posted: 26 January,all,[DFT] TheSt1ng,What no mans sky should have been
76561197992258049,Not Recommended,445220,30303513,Posted: 3 March,all,Forsworth,"My first review was positive, I liked the game in general. However, I must give it a negative review, perhaps the developers will see this message of mine and get down to what is really important.Let's sum up Avorion shortly:A good game about space that allows you to build your own ships etc.However, building is not that convenient as it could be. For instance, it is very difficult to understand how to turn the objects you build. PLEASE ADD A BUTTON FOR IT ALREADY.The space is beautiful... but... EMPTY. There are planets, stations, whatever but it FEELS EMPTY.I don't want to play it for more than 30 minutes. I get bored!The reason for this is complete absence of any visuals when it comes to docking, landing on planets (oh wait, you cannot land on planets! Wow! WTF??!!), there is no character customisation, so it feels like riding minecraft blocks - which isn't exactly funny.So all in all, I DO NOT recommend this game at its current state. It feels smooth, beautiful.. but empty.Better wait until early access is over and the game is out."
,Recommended,445220,29500381,Posted: 26 January,all,Hillary Trump,Similar to EVE Online.Purchased On The Spot I Saw It.No Regrets.
,Recommended,445220,29500228,Posted: 26 January,all,MrFudders,Im addicted.....
76561198036767496,Recommended,445220,34301097,Posted: 16 August,all,Linerider99,Is good
76561198041754263,Not Recommended,445220,30503733,Posted: 14 March,all,Warb,"This is a hard game to review, because on one hand it is great and on the other it is stupidly and pointlessly frustrating but I'm not sure whether this is by design or simply unfinished aspects because it's early access.I am stuck with satellite internet access, so I'm playing it in single player mode which (I assume) means the game is not slowed by my internet speed, yet still from time to time the game slows right down.The physics of the game seem fairly random. You can't stop your ship quickly, yet somehow you can still turn sharply - that's not correct. Many factions in the game have long thin ships that somehow manage to spin rapidly without tearing themselves apart. They even seem to be able to spin them and whack my ship, and somehow they still don't break up.Building ships is interesting, but again the physics is wrong - a thruster can't possibly work if it is blasting straight in to another part of the ship, yet it does and in fact ""stacking"" thrusters seems the only way to create enough braking to slow a heavy ship. Other factions have engines pointing in all directions, yet I can't do that.Then there's the multitude of annoyances regarding building ""a fleet"". I have to pay for crew for all my shgips, but it appears that unless I'm in the same area as my other ships they don't actually do anything - so I pay for nothing. Having escort ships seemed like a cool idea, but unfortunately they aren't really worth the trouble they cause when they attack friendly factions because of stray shots. Equally it seems ridiculous that an entire faction would instantly hate you because of a stray shot when you're assisting them in battle.Finally, to complete my frustration, having reached the core and found the big boss, I battled it for (I kid u not) a couple of hours, figuring out the technique as I fought. Wave after wave of defenders, including the ""random"" battlefleet that seem to warp in every few minutes no matter what I'm doing, but finally I depleted his shield. Sadly the process of destroying his hull seems equally slow, so in the early hours of the morning I saved the game........ and when I loaded it the next day found that he had completely regenerated his shields. Why? This is a single player game.Overall I really can't make up my mind about this game. As a spaceship design system it is flawed. As a mining/trading game it is flawed. Initially it is frustrating because in a ""weak"" starter ship one minor crash during battle will destroy your ship. Once past that stage it is interesting, but a bit of a grind to get money and a better ship. Then it becomes fun for a while, right up until one stray shot or a single stupid act by one of your captains causes a faction that you've spent hours befriending instantly and irrevocably (without hours more grinding) decides to hate you. Then finally you grind across the universe killing hordes of aliens that really don't actually present much danger to your supership or fleet, to simply grind some more against a boss that's not really clever or tricky, but just a massive tank.I genuinely hope that the frustrating aspect of this game are fixed, because then it would be a truely brilliant game. But at present I found the frustration to slowly build, eventually to the point where I simply quit........"
,Recommended,445220,30109326,Posted: 22 February,all,warturtle99,"I gave this a positive because of the potential of the game. My grafics go not work since it does not support OpenGl 3.0. My grafics card is a ""Intel(R) HD Grafics 3000."" I just love what the game has become.Edit: They have just fixed the graphics problem. Now I absoluly love the game. I can play and my graphics are great. :)"
,Recommended,445220,30729986,Posted: 25 March,all,StormSpiritGB,Big LEsson when building a large ship if for some resson you decide to start over dont start over by clicking ctrl z as fast as you can cause i managed to not only crash the game but blue screen my computer and apon restart learned it also wiped my hard drive do be carefull building can be problematic.but this still one hell of a game love F out of it!
76561198094319614,Recommended,445220,29763330,Posted: 7 February,all,顔芸のサトシ,I heard Avorion is a really nice game. But please tell me why a singlegame needs to be connected with the server? plz fix this problems.
,Recommended,445220,29929479,Posted: 14 February,all,ACX3,"Fun game, but issues with save files. I've lost 3 galaxies because the code decided to delete itself"
76561198034223393,Recommended,445220,31567434,Posted: 5 May,all,Michael,Spent ages building a cool shipHeadbutted an asteroid at 1000m/sNot really my kinda thing
76561198373870900,Recommended,445220,31169098,Posted: 15 April,all,Benzberger,"game crashes and is not playable so no review available.  I am running win 7,  3.4 ghz i7,  amd radeon hd 6970 1gb ,  16gb ramGame looks great though for the 5 seconds it runs."
,Recommended,445220,31054715,Posted: 9 April,all,read,great game
,Recommended,445220,29550399,Posted: 28 January,all,boby1978,+
,Recommended,445220,31128133,Posted: 13 April,all,Juice in the Oven,"Only 9 hours in and didn't even touch multiplayer yet but I got to say wonderful job so far, you can see the devs poured their heart into this game.I really love it.Everything feels so polished.The micromanagement, mining, the various materials and blocks & weapons, the fact that you can put a captain into each of your own designed and built ships and order them around, upgrade your ships, explore other sectors, do diplomacy, trade with other stations and even build your own stations, then have pirates/bandits/factions that dislike you try to ambush you somewhere and much more I could write.I'd love to see this game gain the popularity it deserves one day, such an amazing job in my opinion, please keep up the good work devs."
76561197969061248,Recommended,445220,29494079,Posted: 25 January,all,Blue Chimera,Really enjoying playing This!
76561198213522488,Recommended,445220,29799360,Posted: 9 February,all,Outcast_81,"This game is a blend between Space engineer and Homeworld. In its early stage it is already very deep, immersive and challenging. One of the best sci-fi universe to fly in, perfect music and sound effect. It need a bit of adjustment of the AI but overall is acceptable. I simply love it."
,Recommended,445220,33039016,Posted: 30 June,all,Krow,"Incredible game. I've watched many videos on this game, played it a few hours and so far I'm loving it."
,Recommended,445220,29482607,Posted: 25 January,all,Infinitynull,Yes finally yeeessss!
76561198011657297,Recommended,445220,30474631,Posted: 12 March,all,Scorpion,"First i did not recomment this game, because it totaly locked mycomputer to a power down need state..Problem was spyhunter4Changed to Tumb up to i get to test it. (played many hours, and that tumb up is perma up)"
76561198277191103,Recommended,445220,35321145,Posted: 29 September,all,Vixloi,"TO THE DEVSPLEASE ADD SUPPORT FOR INTEL GRAPHICSI love your game and I haven't (can't) even played it yet,Maybe you can get something out of thisIntel i5 proc @2.5ghzIntel 4000 GraphicsProblem signature:Problem Event Name:	APPCRASHApplication Name:	Avorion.exeApplication Version:	0.0.0.0Application Timestamp:	00000000Fault Module Name:	StackHash_3b00Fault Module Version:	6.1.7601.23889Fault Module Timestamp:	598d5074Exception Code:	c0000374Exception Offset:	00000000000bf3e2OS Version:	6.1.7601.2.1.0.256.48Locale ID:	1033Additional Information 1:	3b00Additional Information 2:	3b00c5d493706fe166c983039d177ac6Additional Information 3:	98cdAdditional Information 4:	98cd5eb725dd1535ec8d7278ef1ebb65Read our privacy statement online:http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=104288&clcid=0x0409If the online privacy statement is not available, please read our privacy statement offline:C:\windows\system32\en-US\erofflps.txt"
76561197962044720,Not Recommended,445220,30052253,Posted: 19 February,all,Toxie[DDZ],"It's got a lot of potential, but right now has two GLARING problems - the xsotan (the AI badguys) and thrusters/turning speed.If you like AI ememies that will totally ignore you if you just fly around, but will spawn in ever-increasing numbers until a sector is unhabitable (even if you're only salvaging or mining) then this is your game.Also, if you like your ship to fly like a bathtub on an icerink despite having so many thrusters that your ship looks like a bad 4th of july accident, then again fro you.The ship building is fun, but for example I made a new ship 4x the size of my old ship - but wasnt able to mount any more offensive turrets on it then a ship 1/4 the size.Hard to see around your ship when fighting, and where the turrets are mounted makes a difference when aiming, so make sure to mount them all close to one another. Also, aiming at spaghetti thin ships with no zoom is ...interesting, and not in a good way."
,Recommended,445220,32942312,Posted: 28 June,all,TiKi,Just reviewing for the stickers mate
,Not Recommended,445220,30462484,Posted: 11 March,all,Synthia Vice,"Far too much grinding, meaningless end-game, and insanely buggy AI that turns on you without provocation. I'd sit this one out until it improves a great deal."
76561198147394430,Not Recommended,445220,31165549,Posted: 15 April,all,alex18alex18,amazing mechanics but it gets boring really fastnot my cup of tea
,Not Recommended,445220,34114039,Posted: 8 August,all,Bobcards,"Great concept, needs a lot of work. Very annoying to get starting in this game, and it feels very bland at times."
,Recommended,445220,29667654,Posted: 3 February,all,Herr Ronin,o/
76561197998408411,Recommended,445220,29495465,Posted: 25 January,all,!-Virus-!,AWSOME. LOVE IT.
76561198132547591,Recommended,445220,29812320,Posted: 9 February,all,Baba Ghanoush hellcase.com,its nice
,Recommended,445220,31558101,Posted: 5 May,all,BaaSheep,"Buy game, very good, will get even better. Love you baaaaa"
76561198327817586,Not Recommended,445220,33301724,Posted: 5 July,all,BLU3ST33L,"I loved this game, the ship building was fantastic. I didn't like the grinding part, or the limited AI. But overall it had better strengths to outweigh the faults. Except for the part where I can't even play thanks to the loading screens constantly freezing. I know it's still being developed but I thought it was ""very playable"". Pfft."
76561197993392850,Not Recommended,445220,31804962,Posted: 17 May,all,Joe Pesci,"I cannot recommend Avorion at this time due to connection issues (which shouldn't be possible for singleplayer) and the occasional crash.Having said that, I like the game and think it has great potential. I look forward to release or something closer to it to change my review to positive."
,Not Recommended,445220,30525596,Posted: 15 March,all,Stormigetton XIV,"The controll scheme is confusing, the tutorial is vauge and the GUI is just unapealing. If you are looking for a game like this but done properly get StarMade. Starmade is a great game with many building options that looks good and feels good. Anyone wanting this game should make sure they know what they are getting"
76561197987135432,Recommended,445220,32844787,Posted: 27 June,all,darkolin2003,Awesome game. Can't wait to see what they add to it next.
76561198345463877,Recommended,445220,34219775,Posted: 13 August,all,22mmcguffey,I saved up to by this game and it now not Louding pls help
76561197991245494,Not Recommended,445220,30480458,Posted: 12 March,all,Ronchon,"A very confusing game start. Also confusing ship building UI , controls, and rules.The game crashed twice in about an hour ( coop multiplayer )."
76561198019874133,Not Recommended,445220,30415580,Posted: 9 March,all,Nyashk,"Lots of game crushing and save corrupting bugs.How to get dissapointed:1) Jump into secor with lots of pirates2) 10 fps and and freezes3) restart the game4) now you are in start sector on the other side of galaxy5) no shp, no installed modsSometimes save get corrupted and you need to cleanup faction files because  array index violation."
76561197988658195,Not Recommended,445220,34177775,Posted: 11 August,all,Palli,"Game ends up making the same stupid mistake, that every other space builder makes. Rockets are useless, and needs to be built in mass, and the requirements to do basic♥♥♥♥♥♥is too high.... I dont want a ship with 100 Rocket engines and 100 boosters just to fly faster than 5 m/s, holy moly, way to drain out the fun."
76561198289570931,Not Recommended,445220,31341757,Posted: 24 April,all,stone,This game is actually good at the start but the more you play the more you realise how it is just a loop of gameplay 1. You start off as a drone 2. You build a good ship 3. You go and explore the universe 4. You encounter the AI 5. You die 6. Back to step one. It would be really good if they added more things to do other than getting triggered at this cancerous loop.
76561198127734078,Recommended,445220,34723353,Posted: 3 September,all,H20_Melon,[][][][][][][][][]
76561198051563587,Not Recommended,445220,30536706,Posted: 15 March,all,MegulooMashruumz,"PLEASE, all interested individuals, WAIT UNTILL FULL RELEASE. This game COULD be an awesome buy. BUT WAIT, have you ever been totally screwed after placing your bet on an Early Access game? Probably; most have been in these times. Do yourself a favour keep your money, and keep a skeptical and critical eye on the games development. Read the forums, watch gameplay videos, and use your logical judgement before making the decision. This game seems to be headed in the right direction and giving players a novel, fleshed out, and expansive experience to enjoy. But it could turn in drastic direcitons that steer it into a bog of issues and crap-spasms. You've been WARNED.Im neutral really on how I view this game; Im waiting it out now. But I have to check ""No"" for do I recommend, because you need to take this as a serious warning. No one in the gamer community needs to be stiffed for another dollar. The industry is a crap shoot these days."
,Recommended,445220,33660233,Posted: 19 July,all,ECMJ,Best Game ever
76561197985931780,Not Recommended,445220,34660953,Posted: 1 September,all,grauzone,"i bought this game in jun 2017 - very nice to playbut now since Jul 2017 its full of bugs: save games lost, keyboard commands doesnt work. Its better to deinstall this game and wait some time, maybe it will be better next year, maybe it will be lost"
76561198132205236,Not Recommended,445220,29477081,Posted: 24 January,all,Ronan,"This game is pretty relaxing with a ""spacy"" BGM and although it steering is pretty hard to get a hold on, its physics soooo yea. I enjoy this game even with the few hours ive already put into it, but the constant freezes, crashes, the occational frame drops, and any other early access game issues that may arrise. I love the ship building asspect of the game (suck at it) and the trade system.... I dont know how to feel about the trading aspect of the game. I advise caution in pouring $18 into this unfinished product. Look up a video or two to judge. Thanks for reading my rammble c:EDIT: and now as of 40 hrs the game has become unplayable. I changes a few of my graphic settings up to ultra and bam done no more game for me."
76561198180012651,Not Recommended,445220,33548714,Posted: 14 July,all,Deus /Zachery\ Vult,mak gam esyer to hard lik me LUL but no really this game is more difficult than trying to understand the controls of elite dangerous.
76561198006047067,Not Recommended,445220,31337735,Posted: 24 April,all,123,"Ok, i never do reviews but at first im gonna say this dont buy this game yet! (and that pains me to say that).The reason is because the game crashs randomly, and once you had your first crash of the day (about 30mins in) it crash freqantly after that. Like no joke game crash reopen game... 2mins in game crash reopen game 5 mins in game crash... reopen game.. loads in game crash....But here the real reason why im angry at this.... This game is fun... This is a game i want to play... it has alot to it from exsploreing... combate is fun... and the building your own ships and how they work is very good. There is so much more too! I could sit there and play this all day and enjoy it only problem is the game doesnt want me too and it sucks so much.Once the crashing has been sorted i would highly recomend this game but until then stay away because u will want to play it but it wont let you."
76561198060942227,Not Recommended,445220,34319191,Posted: 17 August,all,ngforever1989,"The first day i played this game I was rly into it. Now tho, cant play at all. The second day crashes started, third day now I can't even boot up the game. I get a CTD everytime, steam was no help, community was no help. Reinstalled, driver updates, directory wipes, nothing has helped. Waste of money."
76561198000700922,Not Recommended,445220,31568615,Posted: 5 May,all,QuantAtaraxia,"It takes hours to get anything done and after 4-5 hours not much interesting has happened anyway? Seems empty, slow and pointless. Perhaps this is not for me .....I'll try again later and perhaps update this review."
76561198041783636,Not Recommended,445220,32127654,Posted: 2 June,all,Armoured Duck,"Playing multiplayer, get disconnected, reconnect to find the ship I have built is flying off faster than I can chase it and Im out all the minerals I spent building it, setting me back unimaginably."
76561198014926590,Not Recommended,445220,30211540,Posted: 26 February,all,Skathmaine,"at first i thought this game was great and would have rated it 9/10  then i found out it wasnt really a sandbox at all and you had to do the quest lines to get access to half the map, the better half at that.  the questlines were anoying and buggy and mine bugged out completely at one point.  with no access to previous saves i could not try to unbug the game by doing things differenly and starting again was the only option.  lets just throw away those previous 80 hours of gameplay and all that stuff.  This game has lots of potential but in its current form i would not recomend it"
76561198067638926,Not Recommended,445220,30694478,Posted: 23 March,all,Sapherno11,"This gets a big thumbs down for one big reason from me. BAD AI.If you come within range, enemy ships CAN AND WILL ATTACK YOU. Meaning your dealing with a 1v4 or 1v5 situation most of the time, and players are usually targeted. On top of that, and I'm not really sure why, but enemies CONSTANTLY blew my weapons off. Ship parts were not damaged that much honestly, and I didn't usually loose too much of my ship, but within SECONDS of enganging just about any any, didn't matter if they were pirates, or aliens, I'd have been stripped of the 4 or 5 minigun turrets I had, leaving me defensless, and had to just turn around and run off.During one such engagement, I tried to run straight into an astroid, and my ship blew up. No problem, I'll just collect my turrets and rebuild the ship after.Nope, when you die, you start in the starting sector...meaning I lost EVERYTHING important. Exotic minigun turrets and all.So until they actually fix combat, I'd advise avoiding this game"
76561197968527926,Not Recommended,445220,30162777,Posted: 25 February,all,Ulgorash,"Looks promising on paper, but even the most simple setup with a dedicated server fails due to a version mismatch between client and server --> Maybe later when things are more polished and stable."
,Not Recommended,445220,30620213,Posted: 19 March,all,Dram Springfeald,"Hey guys, though it's not on any of the Steam pages, this game does not support Intel Integrated Graphic Cards. It would have been cool if they had that up front but they did not. Sketchy move guys.Anyway, it looks neat, doesn't run, and they hid that it won't run on a fairly common card. So, No they do not get a game recommendation."
76561197986568868,Not Recommended,445220,30254635,Posted: 28 February,all,Yahoua,"Space sandbox version of minecraft if you can even call it that.Personally, I did not like the game because the controls were too awkward and half the time the windows that pop up to build your ship blocked off the building of the ship itself which made the game an eye sore. Half the time I lost my ship, because I exited out of the ship and it was no where displayed on where the ship was."
76561198083496257,Not Recommended,445220,33038841,Posted: 30 June,all,Professor Plum,"Sorry, it turned out to be a refund request...1) The build system was poorly implemented.2) The UI is lacking3) Too difficult to pickup the fun early on.I only gave it 48 minutes though, so take it for what it's worth."
76561198079316762,Not Recommended,445220,33498362,Posted: 13 July,all,✪ B O O M M I C G U Y,"Starmade developer, Schine ""Here you go Boxelware just copy my homework, but try not to make it obvious."""
76561198040527049,Not Recommended,445220,31512594,Posted: 2 May,all,andymcnish,"It certainly looks like it's a good game.Unfortunately although the Steam Store page doesn't make this clear it does not work with (up to date) Intel HD 3000 drivers if you're on a laptop (or I assume a desktop) without a dedicated graphics card. It just hangs on the load screen forever.It does pop up a window at the start saying 'There are ongoing issues with Integrated Graphics' and to be patient but I do still feel I've rather been ripped off $18 and would have been happier if they had simply said at present it doesn't run without a dedicated card.At present I can only rate it for an hour or so's extreme frustration, so it's a 'No' from me.Will revisit this as and when they get it running..."
76561197996905549,Not Recommended,445220,30383860,Posted: 7 March,all,captmorgan1301,"Very complex, too much grinding, Tutorial sucks. With ship building you spend more time deleting blocks that you installed but want to change something about them but can't. You cannot edit ship building blocks that are placed. You have to delete them and add them again.I have played Minecraft and Freelancer, this game is the combination of the 2 come together. However, the amount of effort and time to construct a ship and lack of instruction from the tutorial does not make it worth it unless you have countless hours to waste. There is no quick enjoyment in this game.There is no way to save and perhaps go back and reload your progress,For all the good reviews and videos I was hooked and it looked like this game would fill a necessary niche. The aggravation over fighting with the ship builder and pure boredom of the the galaxy to explore leave a shear feeling of nothing but disappointment."
76561198366024222,Not Recommended,445220,30538504,Posted: 16 March,all,mortar,WTF ITS ZOOMED IN SO CANT EVEN SEE THE START BUTTON HELP
,Not Recommended,445220,29965631,Posted: 16 February,all,prophain,"The game is decent but the financial system and what you randomly get at the start can really ruin it.  When you first start your ship, you don't get to choose what type of guns you get.  If you get a 3-gun Chaingun turret, you'll need lots of power and people to run it, but it overheats after 0.5 seconds of using it and doesn't seem to do a lot of damage.  The ship-building part is fun and, if you know the commands/cheats, it makes it even better.  I can't recommend it in its current state, as the developers seem more worried about fixing glitches right now, which is understandable, though I haven't really noticed any in the last 5 days straight that I've been playing.  If you don't know the commands/cheats, prepare for a lot of resource gathering before you get to do anything fun.  I'm really looking forward to a massive update with this game and an actualy PvP put into place.  Some are saying it's what ""No Man's Sky"" was supposed to be.  I beg to differ, as there is no planet-visiting possible and the only things you can fight are pirate ships when they randomly and rarely come into your sector."
76561198202036009,Not Recommended,445220,31124450,Posted: 13 April,all,natedog6446,game crashes every time i hyperjump. Anyone have any solutons. Game cant handel intel graphics
76561198032068105,Not Recommended,445220,30548968,Posted: 16 March,all,matt1184,Gave it a try.  Don't like it.  Doesn't teach you what to do well enough and too many graphics glitching.  Pick up Rebel Galaxy or something finished.
,Not Recommended,445220,32941448,Posted: 28 June,all,Ajwme,A little too overwhelming - expecially given how scratching-the-surface-y the tutorial is. UI needs work as well.
76561198083619848,Not Recommended,445220,29549762,Posted: 28 January,all,Luckychrmz,"Game needs a LOT of work, unless you love going from empty space port to empty space port for hours looking for anything to do do. Crew hiring needs major rework, stuck in search for a general for hours and yet to find one so I can then hire sergeants and so on to acutally fill the engineer roles to keep my ship's HP up, so just floating thru space to find the right guy to hire to so i can finally start hiring people for roles I need.Game is very buggy at the moment, constantly crashing especially when using the hanger, If they can fix these issues would be very much worth the buy, but as it stands now the game is lacking a bunch of content."
,Not Recommended,445220,31384688,Posted: 26 April,all,AsylumJohn,"If you are ok with one ship so big its uncontrollable almost this is your game. Forget more than one ship because the fleet commands, ""Follow"" or ""Protect"" do not function went changing sectors. Meaning you only get to keep the ship your in while the rest sit until destroyed by alien ai. Minecraft in space resource and building."
,Not Recommended,445220,33891416,Posted: 29 July,all,RogueJP,"Incrediably boring after first 60 minutes of playing. I absolutely love these types of games but this one is just too boring, extremely ugly and outdated graphics (ships look HORRIBLE) and buggy.  Better off with something like space engineers (which is also buggy but much better).  I'd keep game if it was 99 cents or less. 17.99 is about 18 times too much. Refunding"
76561198103915556,Recommended,445220,29458742,Posted: 24 January,all,Doubles,gr8 gm wd rcmnd 8/10 cs me and frnd didnt manage to join srver tgether.woud def make giant♥♥♥♥♥spacsh1p ag4in
76561198283731785,Not Recommended,445220,33621482,Posted: 17 July,all,crimsinx,"I have been playing this game for a few months now, within this time I have accumulated a lot of weapons, mining lasers, and upgrade. Thanks to the developers new patch, it disappeard. I still have my ships, but all my good stuff is gone. It is obvious these developers  are very amature and hap hazard in their game building, so I would either wait until they get some more experience developing this game, or try something else. I just wasted a couple of months for nothing"
76561198214254288,Not Recommended,445220,31592102,Posted: 6 May,all,blackknight572,i love the game but it always crashes i say get it when the crashes are done but they have done work so far
76561198058728858,Not Recommended,445220,32229996,Posted: 6 June,all,Derkses,"Not a fan, lots of grind and nothing to show for it. Servers that I visited seemed abandoned.Graphics are a little rough."
76561198025457497,Not Recommended,445220,34338501,Posted: 18 August,all,RandisOrhlau,"The ship building interface is unintuitive, and frankly, awful. If you have that level of patience, then do yourself a favor and learn something more profitable like Auto CAD.Not sure how the rest of the game is. This is game breaking out of the gate, and the devs had better do a much better job with providing basic ship building functionality."
76561198057255795,Not Recommended,445220,33612732,Posted: 17 July,all,denistoris,"ERRORIntel onboard graphics detected. These devices 'OpenGL drivers can cause trouble with Avorion, since it's still n an early stage. If you run into graphics issues, please report them as a bug so we can fix them.Avorion will still try to run and do its best."
76561198028413259,Not Recommended,445220,30780810,Posted: 27 March,all,SocketError,At this time it is not a game yet.  Very rough and buggy.  Wait until the developer actually puts a game together this might have some potential. Get Empyrion Galactic Survival if you don't already have it.  Similar and much further along in development.
76561198007517845,Not Recommended,445220,30027937,Posted: 18 February,all,asel,there are no docks!
,Not Recommended,445220,31902239,Posted: 22 May,all,Bull Frog,"Bad graphics, terrible controls, annoying bugs, cancer community, way over priced."
76561198358801612,Not Recommended,445220,30284840,Posted: 2 March,all,wagnertal,"I don't know if the actual game is bad but,I think I got the 32bit version istead of the 64bit version I cant get the damn game to start. If you are a dev please fix the problem I have."
76561198128466702,Not Recommended,445220,31172282,Posted: 16 April,all,Retrograde Sinopessen,EA... i did it again....not recommended yet.
,Not Recommended,445220,32627187,Posted: 21 June,all,BlakkCooper,Game crashed my computer twice within the first 10 minutes of game time. Once when creating a new singleplayer world and a second time when trying to exit the game.
76561198028933534,Not Recommended,445220,29535171,Posted: 27 January,all,FeanorCathal,Spent hours trying to figure out how to play this game/build my ship. Then I followed the tutorial and went into hyperspace only to get stranded in the middle of nowhere without the ability to get energy to warp back. I’m sure the game would be fun if it was easier to start out. Also I have no idea how to get additional weapons.
76561198248009224,Not Recommended,445220,29760326,Posted: 7 February,all,Злая панда,"Игра наверное хорошая, судя по обзорам на YouTube. Не рекомендую для тех у кого нет поддержки OpenGL 3.0. Читайте дальше, Поймете меня. Купил игру, скачал, запускаю игру. После запуска создаю одиночную игру. И тут ошибка. Вот что пишет: Error creating shaders: data\shaders\basic3D.vert + data\shaders\geighsample.frag: Uniform ""color"" has different shaders.Your hardware might not meet the minimum requriements for the game.You need a graphics device that supports OpenGL 3.0If you have such a device, try updating your graphics drivers.Я понял что у меня не поддерживает OpenGl 3.0, ну и что значит, я зря купил игру? Зря потратил деньги? Не рекомендую игру у кого нет поддержки OpenGL 3.0 Не тратьте зря деньги. Я бы хотел чтобы можно было что либо с этой проблемой сделать. Если сам найду, хорошо. Если нет, хотелось бы чтобы вы денежки вернули."
76561198177938823,Not Recommended,445220,30189476,Posted: 26 February,all,Dovah Bear | I Don't Trade.tf,This game can let you ♥♥♥♥ up sooo easly.I was flying and not paying attion then out of nowere boom astorid hits metaking out my power so my ship can't move.I can't repair it cuz i don't have the stuff need i can't start a new ship because i don't have the iron.I have a only a drone that would take almost a full day to get to were iron spwans.i was dead dead and dead.Just wait untill buying this game or at lest buy it on a sale.P.S. This is just one waty it did me over it has many others.Edit:It has come to me now that some ppl like that it doen't hold your hand at all. If you are that person feel free to get the game as thats its only down fall.
,Not Recommended,445220,29674717,Posted: 3 February,all,Zulu-1,"Don't get this game, it may not be refundable.  It requires you to log into the developer's server even to play in single player.  At the same time, it has poor network implementation and doesn't play well with firewalls and AV.  I haven't been able to play the game at all since I purchased it.Also, the game client doesn't close down completely and will continue to run in the background.  You have to manually shut it down through the task manager.  It might not be a big performance issue, but you will continue to rack up game hours on Steam.Steam therefore refused to refund my purchase of the game because I was registered as having more than the two hours of play time that they allow.In other words, this game was not ready for Steam early release, and you should not purchase it."
76561197973030688,Not Recommended,445220,30111441,Posted: 22 February,all,fyrant,Building your first ship is clunky as *#$*.  The UI sucks.  I put  in for my refund after the first 30 min.  Hope it gets polished because it has great potential.  There's just better games out there I'd rather spend my time on then some clunky builder space sand box.
76561198253963303,Not Recommended,445220,29527969,Posted: 27 January,all,captainkenny42,dont get me rong its an amazing game and the devs doing amazing... BUT i cant recommend this game till the jump gates are more stable i crash nearly always when going threw them and now i have lost my main ship that is on the other side that no matter how many times i go threw i just respawn with a drone again :( it also despawned a ship i made to try use the jumgate.....once this is fixed i will change my review but for now i cant recomend sorry...note im running the game on a bad pc so any one with an ok computer it should run fine Xbupdate... reloaded the game for the 10th or so time and im back in my main ship 0-o still not happy with the gatesanother update... went threw a worm hole crashed and my ship despawned as in not on the map and not im my ship list and no mail to say it died just despawned..... didnt even get to see other side of the worm hole :( it went half way to the ceneter so :( bummedout
76561198028059523,Not Recommended,445220,29706043,Posted: 4 February,all,Quadloaf,"Games are fun. Getting randomly killed by bugs are not fun so this must not be a game.It's really sad cause I really liked it but In a game where you progress and build up your character, in this case, your ship, there needs to be a guarantee that you wont lose your progress because the game breaks. This game doesn't guarantee that so right now this is not a functional game. When my friend tells me it has happened to him alot when he's only played for a few days it deeply disturbs me. This product should never had been released.Not worth the money, don't buy it!"
76561197983191258,Not Recommended,445220,29613368,Posted: 31 January,all,Karl The Butcher Shitter,Very buggy. Not really playable in current state. May update review if it gets better seeing as this is early access.
,Not Recommended,445220,29532304,Posted: 27 January,all,König der Hunde,"I don't know, maybe I'm burnt out on these kinds of games. I have several of these ""sandbox, build a space-ship, and mine"" games in my library, all EA. I played this maybe 15-20 minutes and just felt like it was more of the same. Maybe I didn't give it enough time, but I really wasn't feeling the vibe that all these other reviews were. Don't take this thumbs-down too hard, I'd give it a ""neutral"" if there was such an option. I'm totally willing to revisit this later when it has been developed a bit more, but for now, I just can't justify another EA spaceship sandbox game in my library at full-price 18$ or whatever."
,Not Recommended,445220,29550469,Posted: 28 January,all,forasp,"Tons of potential.Loaded with bugs.Expect to never progress anywhere because ultimately every universe you create will end up crashing your avorionserver when you enter a random sector with warring factions fighting.♥♥♥♥ing. Furious.Every damn good ship I build, every minute of progress I've made, gets ♥♥♥♥ed all to hell because I jumped into a sector that happened to have fleets at war. Every. Single. Game."
76561198218744805,Not Recommended,445220,34356178,Posted: 19 August,all,AAAAAAAA,Very strange. I cant even start the program but it shows 3 hours of playing. So no refund possible. Nice trick :-/
,Not Recommended,445220,29556485,Posted: 28 January,all,Mr Scumbag,Nothing like spending hours and hours building and upgrading a ship over time to be reloaded into the game in the starter drone. Ship is nowhere to be found.
,Not Recommended,445220,29788579,Posted: 8 February,all,CodyDev,"I don't think this game is that good. Remember that I know that it's all subject to change and that its in early access right now so this review will probably change later. Right now though, it's going to stay negative.There isn't much to do in Avorion. Maybe I just haven't found anything to do yet, but it seems that I've played for an hour and I've only built one ship, hired some crew, went to a new sector of space, and... Nothing. I don't remember anything else that was interesting or didn't last about a minute. But yeah, it seems that all you do is go and mine ore, build ships and trade. And maybe fight a little bit.One thing I do know that isn't very good is the fact that once your ship is destroyed, you can't get it back unless you upload the save file. This is extremely annoying to do, and you also have to pay to make another ship. Maybe the insurance feature lets you save it, but one guy on the discussions told me it only pays you credits. When I tried to use it, it didn't work. I guess I'm doing it wrong, but the tutorial doesn't tell you how to use the insurance, if it even exists and it doesn't tell you anything about getting your ship back anyway so maybe I'm doing that wrong too.Clearly though, it's one or the other: Avorion is actually really boring, or it's fine and I'm just making an excuse to make myself look like I'm saying the game is okay even though I hate it just so I'm not responded to negatively. Either way, I can't say for sure that this game is good or bad."
,Not Recommended,445220,29504006,Posted: 26 January,all,DoubleO,"Avorion has potential but it's bare bones right now. Wait and watch until its more fleshed out is my suggestion. I refunded my purchase after 2 hours of realizing that this is nothing but a slow and randomized grind that could result in total loss of time invested. Will re-purchase if this comes out of its testing phase. A lot of games nowadays arent ""finishing"" after thier releases here on steam. This inherently feels like one of those games."
,Not Recommended,445220,29772259,Posted: 7 February,all,Doomwarrior,"Interessting idea so far, but since it is for me in 4k not playable because of a UI Scaling issue, and in Full HD textures and blocks look sometimes very bad...And because the tutorial comepletey put me off i will for now stay away from the game... but thats just me and my impatience. It shows certainly potential and i will most likely come back and try again, but for now its refund time and i cannot yet recommend it if :You have a 4k Screen (bugged)Or if you like tutorials to help you and work out well and not be a boring obstacle that results in a ridiculously lousy ship that makes no sense at all. (badly implemented)If all this does not matter to you...give it a try."
,Not Recommended,445220,31435004,Posted: 29 April,all,Ati,It's just boring.
,Not Recommended,445220,32744060,Posted: 24 June,all,Koumakpet,In this game only thing you can do is mining than build new ship than go mining again and build bigger ship and sometimes you can fight it is realy not good. yes I've played only 0.4hrs that time was enough for me to refund game.
,Not Recommended,445220,29752741,Posted: 6 February,all,SomeShitmemes,"if you dont do the tutorial, youll be farming metal for ages"
,Not Recommended,445220,30280514,Posted: 2 March,all,Chunksicle,"No multiplayer servers, game is dull."
,Not Recommended,445220,32954170,Posted: 28 June,all,Gytyyhgfffff,seems pretty similar to starmade (http://www.star-made.org/) which is free so if you want a minecraft ripoff but it's set in space this time get that instead
76561198040692326,Recommended,445220,32853057,Posted: 27 June,all,Rukiuky,ace
,Not Recommended,445220,31658836,Posted: 9 May,all,Freesider,"Boring, nothing to do. Just point and hold mouse1."
76561198041346260,Not Recommended,445220,30212817,Posted: 26 February,all,s.blend,"The economy is non-existant, the NPC's and AI, other than occasionally shooting you or each other, are completely useless. Nothing in this game in terms of the economy works unless a player does something to move materials or mine something first. The action is repetitive and bland. You spend most of your time trying to change your ships design to deal with warnings about the inadequacy of your ship design instead of actually enjoying one of the few activities in the game. And all the servers are like 20 people or less spread out on a gigantic map. What does this mean? It means that unless you want to band up with a friend to mine together or go shoot pirates together, the game is useless. Which also means that it is false advertising."
76561197992464763,Not Recommended,445220,29832286,Posted: 10 February,all,Bones6966,"Game starts with a black screen, i can here the buttons when i mouse over them but nothing.. it seems to be common, why put a game out like this..."
,Not Recommended,445220,29509372,Posted: 26 January,all,Shraknel,"This game is as it says an early accsess game. I bought the wanting to try it out didn't take me long to not like the game.From description, videos and reviews on the game it seems more like robocraft wehre you make you vehicle and take it to battle. Which I thought would be really fun but it turns out that it is actaully more of a resource managment game. You have to get materials to build you ships and ad on to your base where your crew and ships are kept. also you have to hire crew members and manage your funds as well. The thing I would be fin with this if:1.It cost 18 bucks2. if it wasn't such a grind fest. (takes for ever in the tutorial to get 1000 iron.)I see alot of potential in this game so don't give up devs! I will mostlikely buy the game again when it goes on sale or gets more content and gets worked on the resource gathering deparment so that it isn't such a grind fest.For now it gets thumbs down from me untill it gets worked on and improved. I hope that one day it could be a thumbs up."
76561198061438353,Not Recommended,445220,29707301,Posted: 4 February,all,WhitWHit,"TL;DR:Game uses a F*** load of interent data for SINGLEPLAYER (1 Hour = 500MB) so have steam in offline mode and turn that net off if you are on limited plans/usageGame uses too much RAM (800-900MB) after 1-2 hours and has to have its .exe closed by task manager.Its a great game, simple, easy and not over delivering like other game, price is fair compared to others of its genre BUT I don't understand while this game has a terrible data hungry monster built in.Game as of this review is roughly 800mb, DON'T BE FOOLED, if your running on limited wifi or what not this game can easy suck in 1GB after 2 hours of game play. The only way to avoid this is to be on unlimited wifi connection or simply go offline mode on steam but most people don't want that if they want to show hours on game.This can easily be 2-3 GB if your not careful, for such a small simple game, it must have some terrible coding or engine to use that much data when comparing to other AAA online gamesCan't recommand it until the dev's can fix this terrible data usage*EDITED*I'm going dot down points so its easy for people to understand why I don't recommand this game;1. This game may be 800MB to download BUT once you start playing 1-2 hours with your net on and playing in singleplayer mode you can rack up to 1GB of internet data. Explain that for those who have limited plans/usage2. On the lines of data use, the game sucks up so much ram (about 800-900MB), it dosn't close properly and must be killed off with task manager (thats only when playing 1-2 hours average)"
,Not Recommended,445220,32713009,Posted: 23 June,all,pfendler4,Broke
76561198146018252,Not Recommended,445220,31934414,Posted: 24 May,all,jumpandsmash25,Very bad was not even able to boot the game up without it crashing and i have 16 gigs of ddr3 i shouldnt have that problem with a light weight game hell i can boot up scrap mechanics on this computer so why the hell cant it even run this
76561198043553711,Not Recommended,445220,29576038,Posted: 29 January,all,Caim1231,Barely tapping an asteroid destroys my entire ship. Don't buy.
,Not Recommended,445220,29848532,Posted: 11 February,all,Casey,My computer can not play it and i fit the recommendations
76561198356445836,Not Recommended,445220,34071559,Posted: 6 August,all,SkyGuy ^_^,no? DLC wow!
76561197993309645,Not Recommended,445220,30889967,Posted: 1 April,all,Umboito,Meh
,Not Recommended,445220,32300994,Posted: 9 June,all,Schotty,"Refunded.  This is not fun, nor playable.  The game will come up, but all the desktop is overlaid onto it.  Meaning I had to do the restart (oh, yes, res changes require a restart!) dance to get a 800x600 screen to see everything.  No.  I have triple 1080p screens, not playing in a postage stamp.I am far to uninterested to go on further, but this is not an ""Early Access"" its a pre-alpha.  Wait 5 years, it may be done."
76561198067631159,Not Recommended,445220,29602168,Posted: 31 January,all,Jiggawatts,"I made the mistake fo purchasing this game for almost 20 dollars. Honestly if i went out and bought a cold mcdonalds hamburger, i would of been spending my money more wisely.This game is not user friendly nor is it intuitive. I had to look on youtube on how to rotate pieces during build mode because it doesnt tell you....and the video itself doesnt even tell you. I had to find out by just pushing buttons...and they are charging real money for this hunk of junk?craptastic graphics.multiplayer that you have to go online and fine server info just to play it.hidden commands essential to building.non helpful tutorial systemtext overlay during tutorials block the very things your trying to do making it a hassel just to play this farse of a game.it's a jankity version of minecraft but for space....-10/10 Dont buy this game unless you're into non intuitive, non player friendly games that are overpriced.Im pretty sure this game being release amongst the public should be considered a crime against humanity!"
76561197965108089,Not Recommended,445220,29477388,Posted: 24 January,all,Hazzard,"At it stands I simply can't recommend this. Especially not with the price tag.One of it's core components - ship building - is absolutely grueling to use. Until they figure out a better system, I would skip this.I love the idea, I love some of the choices they've made, but until the building system is more intuitive, rapid and easier to wrangle I'm not going to play this.Providing limited ability to manipulated vertices of blocks might be a good solution."
,Not Recommended,445220,29495579,Posted: 25 January,all,jobobus,"Help, what excatly should I do? I am getting this message:http://nvidia.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/3006The game starts (flashing) and is slow to respond when I'm clicking and when I move my mouse."
,Not Recommended,445220,34762459,Posted: 5 September,all,SHOCKCABLE,Mine craft space sim. Definitely not of 2017 graphics.NOT WORTH 17.99!!pros:space simnice nameCons:Annoying musicPixel minecraft type graphicFrequent crashesvery old style tile setsUI unintuitive and basicNot anything like you're expecting from the images and video VS what the game is.Very dull and boring tutorialNot even close to worth 17.99!OVERALL:SUCKS!2/10
76561198345424113,Not Recommended,445220,30484514,Posted: 12 March,all,jamescole2983,i hate this stupid game cant do anything on it
76561198213669059,Not Recommended,445220,31054324,Posted: 9 April,all,Deadlykitten,SO GOING TO REFUND THIS GAME LOL
76561198260396048,Not Recommended,445220,29729031,Posted: 5 February,all,Loke,NOBODY MADE A STAR TREK SHIP
,Not Recommended,445220,29854707,Posted: 11 February,all,Default_Sound,"Eve-Online-Clone, which has in my opinion bad support and developers."
76561198011917514,Not Recommended,445220,29492654,Posted: 25 January,all,Humay,"i want to write bad review - not fanboy onethis game very early stageno multiplayer, ship design is very bad graphics, bad graphics overalldeveloper expected player to do dirty work for designing ships etcafter tutorial u have nothing to do except :1. mine minerals and build a new ugly ship with blocks2. to mine new minerals3. to buy bigger ship to mine mineralsits much like NMS hyped but NMS have 100 times better graphics"
76561198066026245,Not Recommended,445220,32884562,Posted: 27 June,all,H2OFearLess'Ⅸ 💢,"-I want a refund of this-I found this game and i thought it would have decent graphics as most of the ""trusty reviews"" said and some newspace sandbox adventure game as the game description itself.Im more of a mmo player, mplayer, yada yada.Before this day,I bought a game, its name is Avorion, call me Bloodlust and this is my story.I joined the game.The first thing i saw was the Multiplayer server browser,if not 10, 11 servers was populated from 1 to 30 players, many had no more than 5 but anyways, i did joined the server with the most(30) because why not having many more enemies with colony ships to battle right?#1 The graphics got me, i mean its literally pixels, i read somewhere in the reviews about a ground view review,i can confirm you there is none.Maybe its not my type of this game, i dont know i dont like the gameplay and its content i thought different, i got away by the ""trusty reviews"" down there, desperate players.I can say Eve Online is by far better than this.Why does this even cost 15$?Thats my review, and i dont give an F if you didnt like it"
76561198043110053,Recommended,445220,30589698,Posted: 18 March,all,Kastenessen,Looks Great.  Cant wait to play the finished product.
,Recommended,445220,30602631,Posted: 18 March,all,Zruko,"Hi everyone, allow me to just start by saying i almost never wright a revew on any game, but this game i believe desirves a revew.i've played many space sandbox games in my life and very few ever mach my idea of a good space RPG sandbox. this game reminds me a lot of the X series games whitch were my favorite space games of all time. this game runs exacly like if only what makes it better is you can design you own space ship and space station bringing the your own imagination of a space ship or station.I understand there are bugs in it and i have experienced them but i've never had any gamebreacking problems with the game. most of the negitive comments are about errors or bugs in the game and these are expected in an early access game and those will be fixed in time.i know im just a simple gamer and my word may not hold a lot of weight but this has been the best space RPG game i've played in a long time and eagerly look forward to seeing this game develope. i would have to rate this as a 10/10 must buy RPG, especially while is so inexpensive. this game is so good i'd be willing to spend $60 for it even now in early access. if you ever have any concerns about the gameplay i would recomend looking up gameplay for X3 TC because that is the closest game i can imagine to this game. thank you all for reading my comment and i hope you enjoy this game as much as i do."
,Recommended,445220,30607232,Posted: 18 March,all,Petroph,"I got this game, thinking that this was just another space survival game in early access. Though this is in early access, it is very entertaining! As I write this, im going on my 14th hour straight on my day off. I did not expect to spend the majority of the day playing Avorion.It's a great game, though would like to see some changes, mainly to syncing issues with automatic turrets firing and engines not funtioning to other players. But their are very little bugs in this title and I don't regret buying into this one bit. I look forward to future updates."
76561198005011331,Recommended,445220,30608373,Posted: 18 March,all,huntkyc,"Awesome game, great gameplay and visuals."
,Recommended,445220,30609571,Posted: 19 March,all,Smiler,What dreams are made out of.
76561198015232268,Recommended,445220,30599548,Posted: 18 March,all,Greenfox21,"Its bad... its so bad... my addiction is kicking in again q.q!But heck. I need to restart my server from sratch again xD.I did well till i kinda increased my crew so much, that they did a mutinity against me... forgot to build living qaurters ,... after the first 10 rooms. ... Upsy?Next run. I will try out makeing some credits off automate ships mining for me.And setting some stations down.Fighting pirates and co isnt lucractive most of the times.Early on ... you dont have shields. q.q!It's a dogfight feast. 1 vs 4 most times.Drift along them, dodgeing bullets. While raining your own down at a perfect angle.Crippling enemy ships engines/ generators/ weapons.Or simply attacking from a blindspot of theyre weapons.MANOVERABILITY is important.DO try to build light and highly manoverabile.Did i enjoy my run of 8 hours.That ended in me dieing, cause my crew jumped ship EXACTLY when 1 pirate group of 4 and a alien group of 5 was attacking my sector... yeah i did. xD"
76561198004116823,Recommended,445220,30472663,Posted: 12 March,all,Latriam,"I love this game.I have played Elite Dangerous, Empyrion, and Interstellar rift as well as many other space games.This by far is the best yet.It lets you explore a huge universe with a point (get to the center)Has factions that love or hate you depending on what you do.Its universe is HUGE,Gets updated regularly.You can even build stations. Found asteriod mines,Only drawback is the ships are a bit blocky,  you can defenitly make some neat designs but I am not thatworried about how great my ship looks I want it to work and be effective.I do wish the community was bigger but I notice people play fora  bit then bail.The mission system needs work as well.I have played off and on for about a week and a half and I switched off all other games to this.Find a good server, some have lots of people some have only a few.decide what you like and go from there,Don't like people greifing your designs go to small pop server. thats what I did and I almost never see another player.Played on a crowded server and that was fun to but always felt I had to run away to a system in BFE when I logged off :)The levelling up of your crew and guns and mods is way cool as well.I do wish more people would check this game out."
,Recommended,445220,30465809,Posted: 12 March,all,Gandalf,"I think that's the best space ship building games, I've ever seen. You can do anything what you want, building ships, cruisers, starfighters, space station and a lots of more things. And it has a VERY big starmap, with random generated sectors. This game worth a try for people who like voxel games and space."
76561198215226587,Recommended,445220,30526842,Posted: 15 March,all,RipN8R,"It's still early access, and I have barely scratched the surface of Avorion, but I have to say this game is so addictive.  I spend hours just building my ship(s).  I have yet to actually play the major content of the game.  I am constantly getting messages about distress signals and pirate invaders, and I know I should help... but... I... must... build... ship!  I am loving this game, and I look forward to playing it all the time.  I know there are other games like it, but I have only tried this one and I would recommend it to anyone who wants a soothing, relaxing game they can build and just chill in."
76561197988347920,Recommended,445220,30652045,Posted: 21 March,all,jonkero,"Such a great game with so much potential. already having fun, the space game i always wanted."
76561198027749305,Recommended,445220,30654404,Posted: 21 March,all,Bambooz,"This game is a top notch one. If you like/liked LEGO but you want your creation to come alive and have a purpose, this is your game. Also if you like he X3 games, you're gonna love this one. Despite it's early access, almost feels like a full game. There are a lot of building games these days, but this one stands out as you are not building with pre defined blocks. Your imagination is the limit in this game."
76561198128786887,Recommended,445220,30653560,Posted: 21 March,all,tumbleweed.perry,Have you ever watched big space battles in syfy movies? Ever wished you could build and command a ship of your own? Well this my friends is the game. I'm over 100 hours into Avorion and I don't see any signs of me slowing down.
,Recommended,445220,30725415,Posted: 25 March,all,morgenshtern,"Greatest early access game i've played.It's not minecraft / robocraft in open space, although it takes some things from them.And it's not  ""X3""-like series (while sectors wont live without players and there no living economy - hope this will be changed in future).While playing, i've feels it like big space roguelike.Hope Avorion will grow up to real big space mmorpg EVE-level or even more!"
76561198171555031,Recommended,445220,29847811,Posted: 11 February,all,Frisk,it's good. please make 32-bit computers able to download and play this.
76561197967255708,Recommended,445220,30739299,Posted: 25 March,all,Mexifresh,Space Engineers as it should be!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198122472717,Recommended,445220,30660757,Posted: 21 March,all,lowekeilan,"At the time of writing this review I only have 30 hours logged in the game. I can honestly say though this is one of my favourite games ever and I would highly recommend it to anyone who likes space exploration games, RTS games, and tycoon games. This game has alot of detail considering it is still an early access game plus it has a massive galaxy that you can fullly explore and each sector holds something different everytime wether it be hostile aliens or a galactic scrap yard full of dead ships everywhere. Its honestly 1000x better than no mans sky and with further development I hope to see this game become something truly amazing."
,Recommended,445220,30794127,Posted: 28 March,all,[BA] Kurzak,"I really enjoy this game. I was surprised how fun I've been finding the ship building. The game is not complete but there is already a lot to do if you enjoy finding out how a game works in terms of economy, building and combat. So far I've been running my own server so a few friends and I can learn and enjoy ourselves. The experience has been definitely a positive one and we are really excited to see some of the planned changes. There are already so many things that they've done right in this game. If you're an experienced gamer I would recommend just playing on Insane difficulty, damage from enemies scales from 10-20% on Normal to 100% on Insane. Give yourself a bit of a challenge and you will enjoy the game more."
76561198005722805,Recommended,445220,30455701,Posted: 11 March,all,D.S.Jensen,"Early Access Game... why do I buy them...But this one I feel is up there with othere games I got that ended up as a sucsses.Empyrion, StarMade, 7Days2Die and Heroes and Generals is just some of the games on that list.I can say alot of posetive stuff but lets rather say the bad..Its Early Access GameIt has a problem with not starting or crash if I do anything in the options window.Feels like a grind sometimesBut this is things I feel will get fix soon.Worth the money. There is so many great sides about the game I feel ppl are saying, So Im not gonna list them here"
,Recommended,445220,30480902,Posted: 12 March,all,zmezoo,"6/10While i recognize the game is not complete, this game is fantastic amounts of fun.HOWEVER there is a vast amount of information and guidance needed to learn how to play this game or even enjoy it, that is not covered by the tutuorial and probalby cannot be fit into a reasonable tutorial. If i was to have reviewed this game after the first 5hrs of play i would have said its almost unplayable due to how complicated of a space simulation game it is and how little explination some thigs have. At the time i felt dumped into a space simulation with fully customizable ships, an economy, and factions with only an explination of the controls and the very very basics of ship building. This all leads to a steap learning curve that almost made me put the game down. now 20hrs in i still feel like i have barely scratched the surface of this game.As to the story of the game i cannot speak to it because from what i have sceen it really dose not exist. I don't know if im missing the signs and signals given by the game to follow some quest but it seems to be almost non existent."
76561198059880635,Recommended,445220,30477365,Posted: 12 March,all,dan.trpt,"I used to play Eve, I still play KSP and Factorio mostly... but this little gem is my new favorite game by far, I have sunk in 100 hours now and Just got to the core and the final boss fight ... oh man ... It is so worth it. But I was only playing on easy and Starting over on a harder setting is going to instill yet more learning curves, there is defininte replayability, and tons of aspects I didn't even get to touch on my first playthrough that I want to explore. All I know is that this game has captured my attention and will keep it for the forseeable future.There are glorious moments all the time like when your out in the middle of nowhere mining peacefully then a group of pirates warps in.. and as they approach another faction warps in right on top of them.. you sit tight and keep mining with a smile watching the two big fleets tear eachother apart, you know whatever is left you will be able to easily dispatch with then all those wrecs will be ripe for profitable salvage :)It feels like you are playing freespace in a massive sandbox where what tiny little you does could impact the story of the galaxy on a grand scale. There is a bit of a grind to get better ore to build bigger and better ships so you can work closer to the center of the galaxy so you can mine even bettter ore and build bigger and better to keep moving closer. But to me at least that grind is the fun of the game, and designing bigger better ships is the cherry on top. Did I mention the final fight is colossal. I give this game 10/10, it reminds me of all the old flight combat simulators I used to love and all the shipbuilding and fitting that I enjoy, it feels like a huge game because it is huge, the designers did well with their procedurally designed sectors and ships. There is a good balance between peacuful times, little skermishes, and big fights. It is just a good game all around, Especially for less than 20 bucks, this thing is a diamond in a stream, all you have to do is pick it up and admire it.Cheers to Avorion!"
76561198353605093,Recommended,445220,30480405,Posted: 12 March,all,michaelzanetti,"Superb idea, well put together. Once you find a good server this game really shines. You are only limited to your imagination when building your ships. Playstyle is totally up to you, go out all guns blazing or find them trade routes :)This is one of them games you will lose yourself in. Great fun and a total bargin IMO."
76561197993296142,Recommended,445220,30889717,Posted: 1 April,all,Rambob,"Great game, but a little disasapointed.  Definitely worth the money.  Some bugs and problems though.Pros:- Ooodles of loot- Blasting  apart pirates and alien ships for said loot (down to the micro nub)- Building your own ship which (mostly) follows good physics rules- Mining and scavenging fun- Building buddy ships- Great coop fun- Finding a kick butt weaponCons:- I lost a ship when game crashed and lost all my good stuff- Worked 3 hours to get rep up with faction to neutral, barely tapped an Equipment station dock, went to abhorrent.   Went into rage and wasted entire system.- Giving resources and credits = cheating- Teleporting = cheating- lua scripts = cheating- cheats suck, m'kay... really shouldn't be part of the game as it kills it... hopefully take these out for end product"
,Recommended,445220,30889883,Posted: 1 April,all,TheViralReSpawn,"I love space games, and because my hopes were let down by No Man's Sky, I was never able to ahve my quench for space adventure cured...until this game that is.Avorion is fantastic for an early access title and I cannot wait to see how it grows!As of now, however, there are glitches, some funny, some not. As of now, the glitches I expierence are of the game crashing and freezing, although this only happens when you play for an extended period of time.The other glitch, which occoured after the most recent update, is that all normal, spherical planets are now cubes; kinda funny though! Again, however, I believe that this is due to the OpenGL functionality not being completely worked out...Great game, would reccomend purely out of the unique freedom that this game posses."
,Recommended,445220,30938123,Posted: 4 April,all,DemonOfLoom,"Massive X3 vibes, hope the developers bring in automated trading so I can cover the stars in my profitzzzz."
76561197993202153,Recommended,445220,30925272,Posted: 3 April,all,Nailfoot,"Everything is procedural. WHAT? Last time I heard that, I got No Man's Sky. Right? RIGHT?? Well, in Avorion it actually works.You will run across the weirdest ships, space stations, and pirates. Heck, there is even procedural generated stations floating in the MENU.This game just has thew right balance between SIM and Ease. No, you cannot walk around inside of that fancy starliner that you built. But, you didn't need to pour 8 million hours in to building it, either. Well, I guess you COULD put 8 million hours into it, if you're playing this game in 2930AD (which might be the case, future-being).Pros1. HUGE galaxy. I mean, it *IS* a Galaxy, right? And it is HUGE.2. Procedurally generated friendly, nuetral, and enemy ships and stations.3. Ease of use is balanced well with the simulation aspects.4. Ship building is insanely powerful. Check some of these guys' creations! I can't build, but if you can, thsi game will let you!5. Tutorial is actually useful. As in, you will learn how to jump into the deep end. Swimming? That's on you.6. Loot system reminds me of Borderlands!7. Every sector you visit is 100% 3D, just as if should be.Cons1. The HUGE galaxy does have a lot of ""empty"" sectors, but you only know that by visiting them. Honestly, you will eventually end up skipping over every sector that is not marked as ""interesting"" on the galaxy map.2. Some of the procedural stuff will just blow you away in its weirdness. I cannot describe some of the stuff I have seen in only 8 hours. I have laughed out loud at least twice. Perhaps this belongs in the ""Pros"" section?3. Combat is a bit wonky. If the enemy is outside of your gun arc, you gotta swing around to bring your weapons to bear. That's pretty obvious. But its just a bit clunky to get it done if you have a biggish ship with low maneuverability. And if you are fighting in an asteriod belt, you may crash more damage into your ship than the enemy causes.4. The galaxy map itself is 2D. The might be a good thing though. Virtually every game I have played that has tried to implement a 3D overall map has lost something in the translation.TL;DR Buy the game! Skip a few cups of coffee and you won't regret it!"
,Recommended,445220,30533034,Posted: 15 March,all,Kjellner,"Good game! Early access, but very playable. Great for the open-minded sandbox player. Like EVE Online, but more freedom and creativity.The developer also have made an amazing job on the Linux-client. German engineering at its finest."
,Recommended,445220,30521610,Posted: 15 March,all,Skybroke,there once was a kitten
,Recommended,445220,30519251,Posted: 14 March,all,Redion,"good game, but god damn server is hanging and suddenly your ship is gone, not responsive, servers hang... Still needs work! but over all this is going to be huge!"
76561198018706390,Recommended,445220,30535372,Posted: 15 March,all,Panchoz19,"78 hours in and haven't gotten half way to the center of the galaxy, im hooked. I don't like the music and wish the AI was a bit more intelligent when i comes to driving and mining(like when they use missiles to mine). Overall Incredible game."
76561198044775200,Recommended,445220,30538595,Posted: 16 March,all,Tornadobutt,"The space game we've been waiting for.Still lots of room to grow, but should be worth the wait."
76561198028033871,Recommended,445220,30538454,Posted: 16 March,all,First Mate Buddy,"It's like From the Depths, but in space!I'm in love with this game, it's addicting, easy to learn, and the fact that you have so much freedom to do whatever you want is amazing. space travelling can get kinda boring if your ship isn't that energy efficient though.I sometimes spend 5 minutes just waiting for my energy to recharge so i can leave a desolate part of space.other than that. amazing game!"
76561198094296853,Recommended,445220,30480497,Posted: 12 March,all,anth,love it played like 36.9 hours of the game and just  geting started rely just so much you can do with it and you can run it on a potato pc so that good thing :) a giv 8/10 must buy if like this kind of game
,Recommended,445220,30562727,Posted: 16 March,all,Sh4nks,Spaceships. More spaceships. Yay
76561197992466105,Recommended,445220,30573055,Posted: 17 March,all,nick.gerner,"I put 37 hours into what I think was the first release of early access. It's tons of fun to fly, to fight, to build and to improve your ship. The plot isn't super deep right now, but it's good enough to keep following a handful of plot missions and other randomly generated missions.The mining and building mechanics are great. There's different materials you gather to build out parts for your ship. It's got that, ""gotta get the next widget"" feeling down. If you played any of the X series of games I think (I hope) you get a sense for where the game is going: a rich universe with all kinds of trade and faction mechanics. Right now all of that is pretty light and kind of irrelevant. But you can still participate in the economy if you like, such as it is.I did have my ship spontaneously explode right after a loading screen shortly before getting to what I think is the final objective. So that kind of bummed me out. But that was 37 hours in. So I'm pretty satisfied. And it sounds like the devs are still working on adding core mechanics. That's great news."
76561198051826574,Recommended,445220,30586554,Posted: 18 March,all,Badsharkbad,Great Game!  Probably one of the best early access games I have played.  Looking forward to seeing the game grow further.
,Recommended,445220,32982136,Posted: 29 June,all,Hercus,"Most adictive game I have had played so far! Be carefull and have a clock in front of you, otherwise people will start knocking the doors and asking questions. 250 hours online, still not bored... Please help! XD"
,Recommended,445220,33138149,Posted: 2 July,all,Asmo6035,"Avorion is one of those few games that I just can't decide on. The concept of being able to build your own ships in free form mode is something that most gamers of this genre have been wishing for since their first space sim, yet I'm not sure this implementation works well.I  applaud the developers first tentative steps in this direction, but it is readily apparent that Avorion is just the X Series rolled casually with Minecraft. Having played both of those titles, I can easily say that I would rather play either of them alone than Avorion's amalgamation of the two.As this is an Early Access game, I can't be too harsh or critical of the developer, so I'll offer a brief synopsis below:Pros:Graphics are decentSound Effects and Music are reasonableShip Building is a relatively simple process with no arbitrary restrictionsCons:Gameplay is boring after a few hoursThere is no central theme that ties the game together, no compelling storyline, and no real reason to playThe inability to slow your ship down, while true to physics, is aggravatingThe experience of being able to build a ship anytime, anywhere, is unrealistic and jarring -- even more so when you consider how specific the game gets in other areas (docking, trading)I wanted to enjoy this game, and I hope that, over time, the developers are able to melt all of the various elements together into a cohesive, interesting and fun framework. They should focus on refining the current game instead of adding more planned features (boarding other ships, etc)"
,Recommended,445220,33152287,Posted: 2 July,all,Kaboing,for the badges
,Recommended,445220,32610543,Posted: 20 June,all,Vadnais,One of my favorite space games of all time i really recommend this game to everyone that likes to build space ships fight other ones mine sell goods and Control a full on fleet. This game is very good ive not seen bugs and is just a really good space game
,Recommended,445220,32417770,Posted: 14 June,all,Jake,yeah its pretty neat
,Recommended,445220,31987678,Posted: 26 May,all,sanchoholsten,"I really really would like to play this game, I've owned it for awhile and every time I boot up, I get a message stating it has found intel on board graphics card, even though I have a nvida gtx960m and informs me that it may cause graphic problems. I can start a game, but the moment I try to mine, full lock up... I really want to see what the game has to offer, but I can't give reccomend buying untill some improvements are made.Edit: Koonshci has fixed my problem and I have enjoyed several hours of bug free gaming, I leave my original comment as a monument to my ignorance and shame."
,Recommended,445220,33166746,Posted: 2 July,all,AltairZenbios,"This game is amazing, I've only had it for 3 or 4 days, and I've played the H*ll out of it, it's amazing how many different alliances (NPC Factions) you find in a single square of the 10x9 massive map of the universe, it's also awesome that you get to build your space craft from the first component to the last, as well as having to fight the pirates and Xsotan (weird aliens, always attacking sectors) I say give this game a try, Multiplayer is a bit dead though, but it is insignificant, considering how much there is to do by yourself... enjoy :)"
,Recommended,445220,33173456,Posted: 3 July,all,Eynon,Nice game.
76561197971383491,Recommended,445220,33135151,Posted: 2 July,all,Redrazors,"This game is going to be an absolute corker.  It combines the best elements of Eve, X3AP and voxel games into something really intriguiing.  It's not quite there yet, due to some issues which I hope are addressed soon, such: as mining ships not functioning when the player is in a different sector yet still claiming pay; the absolute agony of trying to move multiple ships through a jump gate; and the inability to easily remote instruct AI ships (as you might in X3AP). Nonetheless, it reminds me of Subnautica in that I can see its potential, and am happy to pay for it now and see it grow over the next couple of years."
76561198051011160,Recommended,445220,33167591,Posted: 2 July,all,Ostheno,"Saw a planet in the sector I was in and decided to fly towards it in a starter drone at its max speed of 300 m/s out of pure curiousity. This gave me a great impression as the sense of distance was quite realistic. As I traveled towards the planet over the next few hours I saw more details appear on the planet itself as the astroids where I had been mining had long disappeared and the warnings of pirates or aliens entering the sector became a joke as they were so far away there was no possible way to even see their markers.I began taking pics for my own amusment and after a couple I noticed the planet was revolving and quiet fast at that. At a certain point I found myself at the perfect distance to enjoy the beutiful geography that this random planet posessed accented by its rings. I kept heading forward eventually passing the outmost rings and inching ever closer to the planet.Of course the closer you get to the rings and the planet itself the more the pleasant sight deformed into a mass of large pixels and weird color clouds because of course no one in their right mind would go so far out of their way to view this background object so closely. Luckily common sense of life have no real hold on me as I continued to waste time on this venture, going where no carbon based lifeform had ever bothered to go before as far as I know.After considerably more time the planet itself was entering my grasp, and I excitedly went straight for the surface of the planet itself while it appeared my ship was suffering from a stroke, though I am guessing the condition was actually a really bad cramp as I had the 'w' key and space bar held down for quite a while at this point.Coming into contact with the planet itself brought me back to a memory from my childhood where I went to disney world for the first time and approached the castle. The emotions from the two experiences are nearly identical. Complete but expected dissapointment from the objects in question being as thick as a layer of paint. As much as I knew this would be the case, I still couldn't hold back the sigh as I made a new ship and named it Marker before hopping out of the system.Upon my reentry to the system I had to gather myself before I dared to check just how far away my marker was as I would know at that moment just how many hours I had wasted on this fruitless pursuit... 4741.74 km... Well at least I got a couple books done in that time.Game is currently alright, fun to goof around in (suggested to do so with friends) and I expect it to be a bit more enjoyable after some features make their way out of the beta phase. Much to be disired currently, yet I feel that it is very well on its way to being something I would recommend to my amigos."
76561197990628377,Recommended,445220,33259322,Posted: 4 July,all,You Enjoy Myself,"This game is fun but has some flaws because it has ""rouge-like"" aspects to it but doesn't have the stablity or predicability of a rouge-like game. Expect to put in many many hours of work only to have it go to♥♥♥♥♥♥by some stupid mistake or oversight. I accidently deleted my entire ship and instead of putting me in a mining drone or something, I died losing all of my weapons and system upgrades. Really frustrating.That said, the game has some great ideas and I'm sure when it's out of early access they'll fix alot of the annoyances."
76561198156194220,Recommended,445220,33335522,Posted: 7 July,all,spaceman789,this game is fun and theres no bugs as well
,Recommended,445220,33304585,Posted: 6 July,all,The Beer Baron,"Nothing to say that hasn't already been said. This game ♥♥♥♥ing ROCKS (literally). If you were disappointed with No Man's Sky, then this game scratches that itch you got from NMS. Do youself a favor and try this game out."
76561198258500726,Recommended,445220,33481628,Posted: 12 July,all,Borealis Hunt,"Buy it, love it, Get addicted to it..     Don't like mining?   Build a small ship, hire a crew   send them mining     Short on cash?  Build a cargo ship!!   Buy low sell high!   Build more ships   hire more crews   Mess up some pirates!    Think your all that..   Go exploreing,  Take the wormhole..  Meet some new friends..   get caught hauling some (Bad cargo)  LOL  new friends arn't so friendly anymore  :)   Pirates show up and wipe your fleet off the map while your afk farming a zone.     PS  don't hit the warpgate if you have ship damage on  LOL10/10   Multiplayer is ok  some servers are 200 slot..  but not many playing onlineI've played conan/LIF YO and MMO!  /and many more open world survival games..  this game is better.You won't be disapointed"
76561198052709992,Recommended,445220,33443318,Posted: 10 July,all,Jake DragonBlood,ok so its a fairly nice game and all but steam workshop support seams to not be working but other then that its a fairly nice game but yeah no workshop support and ive tried everything to see whats wrong but so far nothing so if ur getting this game to play with other people's creations through the workshop i suggest either  waiting for them to fix what ever is wrong with it or find a different game
,Recommended,445220,33490176,Posted: 12 July,all,Avengre,"Fun game, kinda like Space engineers lite, you spend less time agonizing over each of the mineral components and more time flying and fighting.  If you like the more drawn out micro, SE is probably better, but this game is fun to just drop in and drop out of."
,Recommended,445220,33443119,Posted: 10 July,all,Space_Zebras,Here you will find a unique and inspiring space combat universe with market capabilities! This game is harsh when it needs to be and fun when you make it fun. There is a little coaxing involved with enjoyable gameplay but overall is a fun game to play. Pick up your copy today!
76561198031434598,Recommended,445220,33257416,Posted: 4 July,all,DevilsReject,Fun Sandbox game pretty decent ship builder great way to waist time. howver. there is no story to speak of minimal missions other than go kill pirates in whaterver random sector or bring us x ammount of such and such. the game is loads of fun though shooting the countless aliens and ships the game will throw at you there is no end to the exsplosions much pew pew. the biggest downside to the game at the time of this review is the horrible lag in multiplayer doesnt matter how good the server thats running it is. it is big problem if anyone on the server is in a large battle everyone lags so bad you cant damage enemies until they warp out of the busy sector if you want a cool single player sandbox ship builder this is the game for you but i cannot reccomend the multiplayer until they fix the lag.
,Recommended,445220,33426225,Posted: 10 July,all,TheGent_,"If you're interested in the genre of Early Access, proceduraly generated, survival, space sim.This is one of the greatest.Honestly this game is so good, the learning curve I found to be quite steep. I nearly gave up playing the game at about 8 hours but I managed to work out the ship building in a way that benefited my progression in the game and then I was hooked."
,Recommended,445220,33421146,Posted: 9 July,all,Ansehelm,"A great space sandbox that provides decent exploration and combat fun similar to Elite Dangerous, while giving players the opportunity to create their own ships akin to Space Engineer sans the complexity."
76561198052326297,Recommended,445220,30008800,Posted: 18 February,all,brigadon,"I can understand that a lot of people consider the gameplay primitive, but Avorion has a feature that literally blows every spaceship design game out of the water... a feature you usually only find in high-end graphics programs.Scaleable angles.unlimited block scaling, 90 degree rotation, plus the three basic angles means that virtually ANY spacecraft from start trek to star wars, warhammer to space 1999, is capable of being simulated EFFECTIVELY. No weird jaggy angles close up, no trying to deal with thousands of blocks... Obviously if you need more of a curve you will need to use more angles, but don't let the screenshots and videos fool you... The 'procedural' enemies may be ugly, but you and your fleet are absolutely Gorgeous.decent music, decent fighting mechanics, a much more forgiving mining archetype than most games, realistic vector-based obstacles, outstanding graphic optimization, decent shaders, and a definite fun factor make this, even in alpha, a definite game to buy."
,Recommended,445220,30009114,Posted: 18 February,all,Jatwaa,"Warning. Addictive.It has been a while since I played a game that haunted my dreams. This one will do it. I played X and Elite and this is the happy medium. The best part is creating my own crafts ala Kerbal Space Program and taking them into combat. The adventure and danger lurks behind every corner. A few bugs to work out and a bit of optimizations and this game will be a solid one for years. If you are on the fence, buy the game. It is worth every penny. I have sunk 40 hours so far in the game and have already watched my ship explode into pieces when I was watching anime and flew head first into an asteroid with no insurance. BUY INSURANCE...I cannot rate this game highly enough. It's becoming a constant request for my Youtube streams and I gladly will load it anytime."
,Recommended,445220,29983227,Posted: 17 February,all,Zilver,"it's a great game, a little boring at times, but hey everyone his own.there are not too many bug that i have noticed, there are quite some early access games that have more problems.though if you are in for the achievements then hope you have more luck then me.there are quite some i didn't get for some reason, however i bet that will be fixed soon enough.other then that i really like this game, it takes takes qute somethings to make me to write a review.so hope the game goes big it has enourmous potential."
76561198070709349,Recommended,445220,29981920,Posted: 17 February,all,senorcockgrande,is good game
76561198028087508,Recommended,445220,29983139,Posted: 17 February,all,Dr. extrawelt,"Worth the money. Reminds me to x2, its great, buy!"
,Recommended,445220,29993778,Posted: 17 February,all,✧ Kek~,"This game is everything Early Access should be [so far] I've only had the game for about 2 weeks now and I've got 52 hours. [as of 2/17/17] This game is amazing, the co-op is good, the building mechanics are great [once u get used to them] the camera controls are simple and easy. The combat is good, the optimisation is great for how good the game looks. Rarely am I bored playing this game. It's an amazing game and the proper way to do early access. 10/10. Worth every penny."
,Recommended,445220,29570727,Posted: 29 January,all,♜W0LF♜,"great game, but needs more items/blocks."
76561197995149048,Recommended,445220,29533777,Posted: 27 January,all,danielftlew,"There are a few games like this, but none run this well, look this good, or generate as much enjoyment as Avorian. Throw your wallet at this game."
,Recommended,445220,29534079,Posted: 27 January,all,ChronicallyWolfy,"I am running this game on mid/high settings on a laptop with a gtx 260m GPU and a i7 740q CPU this laptop is around 8 years old, that should be a hint how this game runs on low end computers.If you are looking for a game that is fast pace this is not the game you are looking for, this game takes some time to get started much like minecraft, it has some grindyness aspect to it but not much to hate it.Building a ship can take time to get right but after some time you will start understanding what can go where and what you need to make your ship better, that being said their are pros and cons,The steam connectivity makes for easy multiplater with friends as they can join on you instantly[much like terraria or COD:WAW zombies]the game is still inEarly Accessand yes the game has bugs but overall it is a good game."
,Recommended,445220,29554624,Posted: 28 January,all,ArmoredWeasel,"Haven't been hooked on something so thoroughly since Factorio.Everything they say on the store page, they deliver. Okay, it crashed once - once - but nothing else smacks of early access. I've bought bona-fide released titles with less content. And more bugs.The building system is similar to ye olde sandeboxe game, but the scalability is a nice bonus, and thankfully they didn't go completely overboard with hundreds of shapes. I get confused easily. What are we talking about, again?Ah, yes. Game.In this game, you don't shoot pirates - but salvage them to death. I mean, you can blast away merrily, and maybe you prefer Clint over Gandhi anyway. But if your ship can take a bit of a hit, try and outfit it with a broadside of salvage turrets and go up close. Still makes me smile after a solid two days of it. Pretty lucrative, too.There's pirates everywhere, btw. The universe is full of them, and they probably replicate asexually somewhere in the rim of my monitor. Only way I can think of how you'd get such an active bunch of buggers despite them having no success whatsoever in their chosen career path. Occasionally I wish I could mine a system emtpy without being interrupted by the latest batch of Leeroys intent on smearing their broken remains over my salvager's hull, but the universe does not work that way. There will be blood.If you've built ships in Space Engineers and Empyrion and wondered what it would be like to fly them in a universe that has significant content that you DIDN'T create, then I recommend you try this game. And now, if you'd excuse me... I think fresh pirates are ready."
,Recommended,445220,29560030,Posted: 29 January,all,Cell,"Awesome game so far, and Avorion was only just released as an Early Alpha game, so it has a LONG way to go. A very nice start. I have played the game on my mates pc, so i have a few hours. I look forward to seeing this game develop, and i am happy my money somewhere nice for a change, *COUGH* DayZ. A solid thumbs up to the dev.7/10!!!!"
,Recommended,445220,29559026,Posted: 29 January,all,Tianmj,goooooooooooooooooood buuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuy
,Recommended,445220,29549589,Posted: 28 January,all,Ron,"Wow, Just wow. This is everything a space game should be. Been out for a few days and there is already a patch for some bugs.  Can’t even remember space engineers anymore, finally a game developer who cares about their game!"
,Recommended,445220,29561122,Posted: 29 January,all,Zyron,one of the best ship building games I have played!
,Recommended,445220,29552071,Posted: 28 January,all,Netrics,"So far this game has been great! It really reminds me of space combat and trading from Microsoft's Freelancer back in the day. I feel there is a lot of information that needs to be described better to the player, beyond the simplistic tutorial. The YouTube videos provided by the developer on his channel should be integrated with the game in some sort, to help those that are having a hard time learning what the game provides and how to use it. Ship building is one of these areas. Even the wiki on your site is a great resource which should be provided as a link in the game.I have to say as a developer, the API that is provided gives me great hope in Mod support for both the client and the server in the future.I do feel the game still needs a lot of work and polish. I still get CTDs in both Single Player and when hosting server with friends. But this is early access, and is to be expected. The base framework that is provided now give us a nice sandbox to play in. For those looking for a much deeper lore/story progression, I would wait till release.For just 2 guys building this game this is really good work! Hopefully you can start to hire more developer, with the money you're making from early access, to really increase the number of features and optimize/fix the bugs causing the CTDs."
76561198107401742,Recommended,445220,29552768,Posted: 28 January,all,Hizeron,I highly reccomend it.Watch some videos on it to see if it is for you.PS. There is no limit for ship size other than logistics. GL :)
76561197983073674,Recommended,445220,29551393,Posted: 28 January,all,Illmad,"Probably the buggiest game I still love despite its early access glitches. It freezes on 30% of all loading screens when jumping between sectors, but a quick CTRL+ALT+DEL back to desktop and restart of the game later (takes me about 20 seconds on average between force quit through task manager until I'm back in the game) and I'm good to go. For what it is right now, I'd say it's definitely worth it, and it'll only get better from this point out.Also worth mentioning is that this game runsflawlessly for an early access game. That is, if you don't count the crashes, but like I said, just use the task manager."
,Recommended,445220,29549617,Posted: 28 January,all,Simon Cowell,"This game is truly amazing. I would call it a casual mashup of Minecraft and Eve.Although extremely early in the game's life, it has so much to offer. I get lost in it for hours at a time. The graphics are decent, nothing much to look at but the environment is gorgeous. Certain systems littered with asteroids and wreckage are thrilling to navigate through, especially with a beautiful backdrop and fitting music.The physics are spot on with Newton's Laws of Motion fully obeyed. It's really fun to slip by stations and navigate through asteroid fields.There are a lot of concerns with crashing on startup and going through wormholes and warp gates but I haven't seen anything of such. I haven't even had any issues with framerates and has been smooth since the first launch."
,Recommended,445220,29549850,Posted: 28 January,all,Viceroy,"An excellent game building on mechanics similar to X3 and the other X games. It is great so far, with lots of content, day-one mod capability as well as functional MP with dedicated and listen servers.Dynamic content, random generated ships, stations and systems. Nations and factions galore with dynamic relations.Highly recommended, well worth it as it stands and the sky is the limit. I suggest that if you ever played X3 and thought it needed MP, buy this game now! If you long for a space sim where you can command an armada of capital ships, buy this game!Highly recommended."
76561198052314944,Recommended,445220,29553875,Posted: 28 January,all,Snap,"8.5/10Summary: Addictive and grindy, placement and ship component configurations matter when you build your own ships etc.  If it gets more attention from the devs and they stick to it, it can be a really great game.  Especially in multiplayer.  Lots here to do as it is and have already seen two patches.  That being said expect bugs and glitches as an EA game."
,Recommended,445220,29548979,Posted: 28 January,all,Sam,*Buys the game**crashes ship**Dies and loses epic ship**Plays for 8 hours straight*Best game of 2017 hands down
,Recommended,445220,29575685,Posted: 29 January,all,Killrage699,Great game has little issues with coop play but over all i give it a 5 star
76561198158043397,Recommended,445220,29575874,Posted: 29 January,all,Yu Tosaki,"Great game, has freedom in ship customisation. also includes factions in which you can interact with, whether it be getting on their good side to use their jump gates for free, or you can begin the destruction of their territory. If you choose the latter of the two, I'd recomment not only one Large, semi-powerful ship, but multiple smaller ships to accompany yourself in the demise of the faction you wish to erase."
76561198011693436,Recommended,445220,29574723,Posted: 29 January,all,OrpheusRocker,My first public review. This is an outstanding effort from the devs. Did 6 hours of multiplayer straight up. Could have played on for another 6 hours. Day job has intervened. Intensely absorbing. Very little grind and lots more features to look forward to even before the proposed enhancements. Gifted a copy to a friend already. I expected this early access game to be a bit flaky. It certainly is not. Anybody that buys this game will have a ball with it especially in multplayer. Nice.
,Recommended,445220,29574411,Posted: 29 January,all,thrAsher,"A fantastic and humongous game, the game loop here is perfect and you can be whatever you want to be: trader, mercenary, pirate, smuggler, miner, magnate, or a bit of everything. Still some things to work out, add, and refine before it's ready for release, but don't doubt for a second there isn't a ton of gameplay here already. Runs beautifully and has already provided some of the biggest, baddest, stutter free space battles I've had the pleasure to watch and participate in. Keep this on your wishlist if nothing else, the future for vanilla Avorion is bright and should the mod scene grow then the sky is the limit."
,Recommended,445220,29576514,Posted: 29 January,all,Eury,pretty epic game i like it alotit has active devs sot hats a plusits like emporium galactic survival and space engineers and a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ baby that spoke spanglishand had that gimpy right hand  but made it work
,Recommended,445220,29515181,Posted: 26 January,all,TheSALTINE,"Very fun game I would like to support because it has grreat potentialPros:+Very customizable+Not too complicated+Destroy enemy ships piece by piece+Build Stations+Become a carrier!+Faction Wars and standingsCons:-Not more advanced tutorials-Hyperspace warping has long cooldown-Sometimes don't know what you're supposed to doOverall very fun game for the price, well optimized, no bugs yet. One of the best early access games i've ever played"
,Recommended,445220,29510684,Posted: 26 January,all,Jedi-Rockstar,"Avorion, In my opinion, is the best space game to come in this genre for a long time, and is one of the most satisfying, balanced games I've played in many years.The game allows multiple gamestyles like many other games also claim to. However, this game actually achieves this, without one style (mining, combat, industry, scavenging) being overwhelmingly useful or needed. This means that you can exlusively mine, build a large ship for this purpose with large engines, shields, and mining turrets, while not needing to play in another way for a long time. Combat is very ingaging, and is equally useful to mining as you can collect modules and turrets from enemy ships, which allow you to rapidly improve in battle.Overall, the game is one of the most fun, playable, and unique games to enter steam in a long while.EDIT: also, the other part of the game I especially enjoy is the actual flight mechanics. The ship moves in a very realistic way, where the thrusters actually have to slow the ship down, and so the game gives an impressive look into micro-g environments, unlike certain games that treat spacecraft like atmospheric planes, where they turn and are slowed by drag, which is obviously not possible in normal spaceflight."
,Recommended,445220,29510783,Posted: 26 January,all,TwitchingIntensifies 天国,"So after almost 2 hours of playtime I think this game is amazing. Decent graphics, stuff to do etc etc. If you liked space engineers and any of the X series (X2, X3, X3 Tc) you will most likely like this game as a minimalist version of them combined. as long as devs keep updating the game it should be way better in the future."
,Recommended,445220,29572391,Posted: 29 January,all,Kyrottimus,"Awesome game, one of the best space sandbox/crafting games I've played.  Just the right amount of depth and customization and tweaking without being overwhelming.  The possibilities are endless.  Worth it."
76561197972361376,Recommended,445220,29573244,Posted: 29 January,all,Studio Ghibli,"Avorion is what I expected to play when I first signed up with EVE Online (sans the MMO-verse, of course). I'm a tiny pilot in a large galaxy, and I'm tasked with making my to, I think, the center of the galaxy. To make it, there, though, I need a bigger and better ship--and, to get that ship, I need to mine, trade, merc, or pirate my way to success. So I buzz around asteroids and I train my mining lasers on them, and I pop out some iron and some titanium, but then some pirates pop into my system and swoop down onto me. I toggle my machine guns, pop them all into a wreck, after which I have the satisfaction of turning on my salvage laser, and slicing through what's left of their ship.I cut their ship in two. Down the center. It's a small thing, but it was wonderful.Later on, while hopping from sector to sector, I found myself in the middle of some... fleet battle?... for control of this area of space. I picked a side and pew-pew-pew'd with them. At the end of it, I had the satisfaction of cleaning the meat of the bones from each wrecked ship. Just slicing them apart. Didn't need the iron. So I simply cut that away and went for the titanitum.In any case, it's still... Early Access or whatever, and me and my friends experience some crashing on multiplayer, but it's a wonderful little title so far."
,Recommended,445220,30241711,Posted: 28 February,all,Cruiser,"This game is anything but straight forward. It will test your abilities to think, act and interact with a universe that brings great fortune, but also grave dangers. Ig you are unsure if this is a journey you dare to undertake, visitavorion.netand try the demo, before you purchase the game.I love this game of searching for new worlds, better materials and an unseen enemy.Catch you on the other side."
,Recommended,445220,30273361,Posted: 1 March,all,OG_cuomo,allround good game but the ai for the players ships need work its unresponsive/glitchy most of the time. but it is early access so hopefully it gets fixed
,Recommended,445220,29538015,Posted: 28 January,all,Jarmenkell,"Gameplay: 9/10Creativity: 9.5/10I think the best part of this game, is the ship design. there are still few bugs and splinters that need polishing, but nothing gamebreaking.Soem more serious bugs have been eradicated. the gameplay it self is good. there is a lot to discover. with a descent storyline. It truly has a sense of purpose as you go through the huge galaxt that i think its impossible to visit in its entirity. unless you have a year to sit in front a pc.I thinkl they did a good job. The game is not finished. so i will take a break from it until a major patch comes out.Please check out some of the gameplay videos or paly the demo. Since its quiet original. Ish. in its design.  I find it hard to describe. all i can say is. I had a lot of fun palying this with my friend on co-op/ I hope it would be the greater game it can be a year from now."
76561198031653890,Recommended,445220,30268355,Posted: 1 March,all,thisishoolio,tons of stuff to do. out of 59 hours game only crashed once on me . build your ship and test out how well it fights off npc father to the center u go the tuffer fights will become. there are a few things i dont like about the game but there is more good then bad in this one . if u like what u see in the video u will be happy with this game
76561198204219440,Recommended,445220,30280072,Posted: 2 March,all,yggyness,"There are a few exceptions to the recomendation. First, it is actually pretty easy to damage your ship by bumping into things. while it can be reduced and turned off if I remember correctly, it still happens. If that will grate on your last nerve and make you never play again, there are other space games. Second, if being attacked simply because you are mining a rock in the middle of unclaimed dead-space bothers you, this isn't your game.If you want to have a space carreer you can chage at the drop of a hat going from pirate to trader to miner to fighter to explorer to fleet comandant appeals to you, get this game, you will love it. If you like fighting off space pests in the form of ships you severely outclass because they don't understand you will destroy them, get this game. If you like making said overpowered, monstrocities of ships, this is your game. If you like playing the trading system and earning ludicrous amounts of money simply because you know when to buy and sell, this is your game. If you like being a vulture and cleaning up the destroyed ships after battles between factions, this is for you.The beginning will be tough, resources won't always be easy to find, but dominating the galaxy in your own way is definitely fun."
,Recommended,445220,31222726,Posted: 18 April,all,seventy four point two,"The Democratic Organisation of lijdihmhouy. Yes. That's a thing. And yes, it's ♥♥♥♥ing hilarious.Other than that the game is a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of fun."
76561198054760573,Recommended,445220,31241532,Posted: 19 April,all,BertTheGreat,Good Space Simulation
76561197997597505,Recommended,445220,31232133,Posted: 18 April,all,Maxdax5,I dont usualy write coment but this game is really great and can only become better!
,Recommended,445220,31229210,Posted: 18 April,all,Face-Of-Mercy,"Do I recommend Avorion? Absolutely. This game ticks nearly all the boxes for a good space sim.Space? Yep. Lots and Lots of Space.Spaceships? Yep.BUILDING Spaceships? Very Much Yep.NPC Factions? Those buggers are everywhere.Reputation With Said Factions? It can be a bit buggy (whatever you do, do NOT set any automatic turrets to autoaiming if you're in a fight between factions; they will shoot even if there's friendlies in the way!) but it's there.Pirates? They're actually everywhere.Freedom? There's an overarching storyline, but you don't have to follow it.Trading? Best thing in the game if you understand how to money.Guns? Loads.Shooting Things With Guns? So much of that it's not even funny.Player Fleets/Factions? Yes, but the AI for player-controlled fleets is pretty dumb.Missions? They exist, and the storyline is actually pretty decent, if kinda run-of-the-mill.A Bunch of Other Things That I Forgot To Mention? Probably.I love this game. The ship building system is logical and easy to use, if hard to master. The way your ships move makes sense (no space-friction here) and the game's physics are solid. The only major issues I have are:Optimization: Avorion is probably the only game I own that runs at 15FPS. I play EVE Online, Stellaris, Civ 5, all at 60FPS, no problems. Issue seems to be that the game leaks memory like you wouldn't believe. I love this game to death, but it can be so INFURIATING to play when my giant battleship crashes into an asteroid at 2km/h because my game locked up and suddenly it's down to a quarter of its health. Armor is literally the only thing that's saved me from having to respawn, which brings me to my next point...Respawning: Right now, it's a chore. Obtaining a new respawn point forces the player to not only get up to practically maximum relations with a faction, but also have enough money to pay the EXORBITANT fee to designate a shipyard/repair dock as a ""reconstruction site"". The rep thing is understandable (please lower it a bit though), but 15 million credits for a new reconstruction site? Either let us make our own shipyards for free respawns or lower the price, koonschi!AI: It's really, REALLY dumb. Freighters crashing into and pushing around the stations I'm trying to stay docked at are a constant problem.Docking: Please give us a way to attach to docking bays so we don't have to worry about moving around/crashing into the station if we're in a big ship (my 0.32 megaton battleship that's roughly 700 meters long has a tendency to bump things. A lot.)Sectors: I know this is counterintuitive to the memory issue, but right now, building stations and mines is really inefficient. This is because sectors freeze either the moment you leave them, or 5 minutes after (I've heard both things on the forums, have yet to test myself), so the stations/mines there stop producing, but the thing is? You've still gotta pay for the crew paychecks! Crew on your ship is one thing, and usually not that bad, but for stations? It adds up SO fast! I know this is going to be changed in the future, but just putting it out there.Missions: We need more variety. Namely, something like randomly generated (or added) quests every time a game is created. Maybe like Radiant Quests from TES/Fallout for more general activities, but perhaps for more complex quests, a database could be formed with a hundred or so sidequests/storylines to add more meat to the game. As it is now, outside of the main plot there isn't a whole lot to do in the way of missions.Edit: One last thing because I'm dumb: ADD LICENSES FOR DANGEROUS CARGO! I AM TIRED OF GETTING PULLED OVER AND LOSING REP WITH MY SPACE BRO FACTION BECAUSE I'M CARRYING AROUND EXPLOSIVES I NEED TO MAKE MY GIANT SPACE CANNONS! IT MAKES NO SENSE THAT I CAN FLY A SHIP WITH TEN OF THE DAMN THINGS NO PROBLEM BUT THE STUFF USED TO MAKE THEM IS ILLEGAL TO TRANSPORT? NO. NOT OKAY."
76561198204416551,Recommended,445220,31083515,Posted: 11 April,all,RoyalG,It's a good game I have ben wanting one like this for a long time now.9/10
76561198035506750,Recommended,445220,31084577,Posted: 11 April,all,Mike,"I just like designing ships, I haven't really gone past that ;)could do with some curvy parts though."
76561198002137552,Recommended,445220,29451338,Posted: 23 January,all,[A3D]Alfr3D,"Solid game that offers some interesting concepts.If you are familiar to Maya and or Autodesk you will find the building quite easy!Played for 4h straight and not a single crash on the client, i connected to a server with 20 players and it had some issues with lag and crashes. But nothing that wont be fixed in the near future i assume, we all know this is an early access game.Can't wait to get into this game with my friends and start exploring!"
,Recommended,445220,29447952,Posted: 23 January,all,geordietony,Just picked this game up today and managed some game timeSo far it seems decent  but the tutorial needs to be better in places. Decent amount of content from what I’ve seen so far but showing some promise and hopefully they devs keep delivering updates. However could not get it to record on any mode apart from windowed for some reason!You can watch some gameplay from me belowwww.youtube.com/watch?v=x3upD1NEwlM
76561198065426033,Recommended,445220,29495325,Posted: 25 January,all,Drinky Doggo,"Been waiting on this game for 3 years and it was worth the wait. Exploring, Ship building, iteresting fights, and progressive leveling systems make it a wonderful experience. The tutorial covers the basics but you learn as you go."
76561198015850143,Recommended,445220,29495401,Posted: 25 January,all,SIR MEATBALL,Just played this for a few hrs was fun but recommend starting out small dont start a largish ship first wil take along time to harvest the minerals once the good rocks are all mined also dont crash into other things in space if your moving fast your ship will be destroyed found this out the hard way lol
76561197970688780,Recommended,445220,29509090,Posted: 26 January,all,AK,"i've had steam for over 10 years, played 1000s of games on every console that's ever come out and always been a pc gamer.never left a review for anything in my life.i saw this game, watched 3 minutes of gameplay - looked amazingdownloaded the demo - game is amazing just lacked content due to being a demoplayed the demo for half an hourbrought the gameplayed the game for 2 hours.now leaving this review saying its a good gamealways wanted a game that was basically the exact same as X3 terran conflict that didn't run like crap.very interested to know the roadmap for this, hopefully a full economy and factory system like X3 would be very cool,"
,Recommended,445220,29475794,Posted: 24 January,all,BobbyDevis,"Amazingly Polished, Needs bugfixes other than that It could be ""released"" as a full game tomorrow and I would probably buy it again."
,Recommended,445220,29748574,Posted: 6 February,all,Zbig,This reminds me of old games I used to play like the Escape Velocity series but with ship building and pretty good looking 3d graphics despite the low hardware requirementsMultiplayer is only partially implemented but you can join servers via IP
,Recommended,445220,29549733,Posted: 28 January,all,Larrabeast,"I don't usually write reveiws for games, especially early access ones, but I had to for this one. It has as much if not more content then a released game. Unique ship building, saved blueprints of past ships that you can instantly create with enough money and resources, trade routes, stations and so much more! I've put almost 40 hours in this game and have only had it for 2-3 days. This game renews my hope for the terms Early access and Indie game, it truely is a gem. If you like Eve, Space Engineers or Empyrion I strongly suggest you look into this game. Just released and already getting bug fixes, balancing and new content."
76561198080001873,Recommended,445220,29778023,Posted: 8 February,all,GoLuckyLucas,Quick thoughts so far.Pros.exploring.... FUNbuilding/gathering....Fun ( can even hire people for your fleet and have them gather for you)trading with ai and battling ai both Fun (in game ecosystem lager then you first think)Cons.when you are exploring and find your self being killed by space pirates / crash into something. doesnt sound to bad because you always have at least one ship no matter what. That bad part is when you are far away and spawn back at where you first started.
,Recommended,445220,29777209,Posted: 8 February,all,Jody Highrolla,"This game is amazing. I've probably spent about 10 hours alone just experimenting with the ship building.If you like Minecraft, Space sims like Elite Dangerous & Freelancer, or space games in general, this game is 100% for you.For an early access game, it has completely blown me away. There is so much to do in the game already. I can't wait to see what the devs add. Hoping for workshop support too!Speaking of the devs, they frequent the Avorion subreddit and review feedback and respond to it.There are some issues with the multiplayer servers, as well as the program failing to close after crashing, and some other minor problems that don't involve the content of the game itself. However, as for as ""early access"" games go the fact that it works most of the time is fine by me. I am positive that these issues will get fixed in the future.Not quite the game that No Man's Sky was supposed to be, but for the price point, quality of the content, and AWESOME DEVS, this game will sooth those wounds that Mr. Murray and Hello Games gouged into you with their $60 cow turd of a game."
76561198122276107,Recommended,445220,29777525,Posted: 8 February,all,MarcOwaR,"This is the game I've been searching for!! something to just have some fun with while flying about space, fighting pirates,trading and wanting to fly/build the biggest spaceship known to man xD10/10"
76561198109401095,Recommended,445220,29789650,Posted: 8 February,all,Roegath,"Fun game, But it NEEDS optimizing"
,Recommended,445220,29805741,Posted: 9 February,all,Duckson,"Cool space-sim sandbox game, can't wait till it gets more features and polish"
76561198088244775,Recommended,445220,29796608,Posted: 8 February,all,Captain Falcon,"I've been playing this game since Sunday, trying to build a massive Star Destroyer. After 30 something hours, I finally did it.Just for it to be destroyed an hour after I finished it.11/10 would waste half a week to build a ship that blows up by crashing into a rock at 10m/sBesides that, this game is pretty good."
76561198041387074,Recommended,445220,29793213,Posted: 8 February,all,Bagel+Shamrock,Did you get scammed on no man's sky? Do you love the quests of elite dangerous? Do you tinker with creating interesting ships in space engineers? Look no further than this beutiful diamond in the ruff. Small enough to run on a tablet and good enough for the confident desktop gamer!
76561197995428724,Recommended,445220,29794765,Posted: 8 February,all,SIDisTHE,This is easly one of the best games i have played of this style. I had a few issues with profomance but that can be my hardware. I highly recomend it to anyone who loves the idea a making your own flagship that really is yours. Love it!
76561197998407343,Recommended,445220,29794870,Posted: 8 February,all,Huene,"This is going to be one of the greats, it plays in the style of an MMO but with a creativity aspect that tends to shine most in minecraft like games. Everytime I turn around I'm finding a new mechanic, and I love it.  The game was gifted to me but I would buy it in a heartbeat."
76561198292848472,Recommended,445220,29768875,Posted: 7 February,all,loved kingofstarwars22,This game for early access is Awesome and runs extremely well for my Laptop and is just plain cool. But i would suggest that they fix the docking mechanic and boarding is implemented. that said it is one of my favourite games EVER!
,Recommended,445220,29793345,Posted: 8 February,all,Lurch,"A work in progress, but well worth the price."
,Recommended,445220,29791728,Posted: 8 February,all,Nerofu,"Awesome open world space exploration & building & trading & fighting...... -game!! It is worth every penny, i love the game. Im looking forward to the next updates. I played the free demo for like 7 hours and decided to buy it, best ecision ever made!"
76561198061546629,Recommended,445220,29771604,Posted: 7 February,all,SilverScrub,"I jumped into a sector with hidden mass and got my ship, that I hand crafted over hours of grinding a with a crappy ship, completely annihalated by ships significantly better than mine.10/10 Would cry myself to sleep in a corner again"
76561198173489995,Recommended,445220,29647772,Posted: 2 February,all,Storm 1,"i absolutly love it, it is just amazing and i bet Online will be even better. i hp for the feature of tradeing resources between two players who dock their ships together. anyways keep up the good work and maybe one day it would be cool to see a console port"
76561198130852700,Recommended,445220,29649031,Posted: 2 February,all,Wayneh,Great game only had this game a few days and already 19 hrs in tons to do and no real glitches that break the game.  I have only played single player and space seems totaly alive with other ships trading and fighting in most sectors. You can be a miner a trader a pirate or salvage destroyed ships you can also hunt pirates witch will gain you rep points for other factions.
76561197973029194,Recommended,445220,29649067,Posted: 2 February,all,Zakul,Amazing!!!
76561198150970787,Recommended,445220,29647096,Posted: 2 February,all,sstmcheng,we need chinese
76561198225537200,Recommended,445220,29694915,Posted: 4 February,all,guy,sso i need help i love this game it is amazing in all ways bugs and all.     so i have had a bit of a rough learning period and when i finlly got the game under control 2 times now i have for some resason lost connection with host and when i load back in ( i am host) all my ships are gone but my 1st ship please help i have no reason to play any outher game besides this for the rest of my life besides that every time i get going good i loose it all 38 hours and nothing to show.....HElP
76561198256514321,Recommended,445220,29750148,Posted: 6 February,all,Astroniite,This game is actually so much fun I decided to start my very first YouTube channel under the name Astroniite haha. If you're as into it as I am I've got the link to my channel right here:https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCCt_Jen2Vl-cXFkkmsRE9nQ
,Recommended,445220,29749675,Posted: 6 February,all,Akaishen,"I researched this game for a week before finally grabbing my own copy. It's cheap. In fact, it's probably cheaper than it should be. I only say that because I want the developers to make good money and support this game for a long time.This game is great. I really enjoy it. I come from a Space Engineers perspective. This game is easier to play and ship creation seems a bit more flexible. They are different games, of course, and both are quite great.This game has a lot of potential, and I hope the developers see it through. I give it a 5/5."
,Recommended,445220,29747385,Posted: 6 February,all,TheSol,"Do I need Space Engineers and vanilla Elite: Dangerous after Avorion? I can certainly say - no.Not only a great sandbox but a true RPG-like spacesim. I'm waiting for some of my friends to buy it and enjoy the multiplayer together!The only two things that make it a bit worse than 10/10 are awful insurance system that won't return you neither resources nor turrets and upgrades from your destroyed ship. That really felt bad to lose my Lynx by accidentally crashing into the enemy cruiser because it's hull was so thin I couldn't see it. The second one is impossibility to craft even the lowest-grade turrets and upgrades using simple resources. Please, do something about that, sometimes even with good relationship some factions deny to sell me some cool equipment.All in all, great for its price!"
76561197999903275,Recommended,445220,29753695,Posted: 6 February,all,Archaic,"This Game at its current state has lots of potentials.I just hope the developers take it to the right direction.AS of now its content is broad but not deep enough. The key concepts are there, such as gathering resources, currency, trade system, and Semi/RTS aspect of building a colony. All of this is nice but limited to a sector. For a Colony/galaxy game it lacks that for now.So think of looking at an ocean, but when you dip in its only knee deep. It still lacks the depth in game but i sure hope the developers are working on that.I would recommend this game for people looking to start on some open space/ sandbox game for this is a great start to this genre. Of course there are many types out there but this is not too bad for starters"
76561197997147197,Recommended,445220,29598134,Posted: 30 January,all,Metikulous,"Overall:Solid Game with a lot of potential. Excited to see where the developers take this. This easily has the potential to be something great. Tight controls, great atmosphere and the shipbuilding is topnotch and makes sense.Cant  wait to see it grow and flesh out"
76561198030370052,Recommended,445220,29580510,Posted: 29 January,all,Chytis,Best Early Access game ive played
76561198006250833,Recommended,445220,29690434,Posted: 4 February,all,dev_boy,"This game is awesome!There is an awful lot of stuff to do and find in this game.  From mining and searching for the rarer minerials to get better new modules for your ship, to finding turrets and upgrades from ships and wreckage.The scale of the universe is immense, it looks like it'll take days just to fly to center and thats without exploring or doing anything in the sectors you fly through.The dev team seem pretty damn decent, some pretty big problems fixed very quickly.For the money you'll have a hard time not getting your moneys worth."
76561198084707835,Recommended,445220,29775779,Posted: 7 February,all,Argonwolf,"Amazing, amazing, amazing. Don't let the Early Access label fool you; this is a complete game in its current state and though it's got updates coming you could easily spend hundreds of hours on the game as it is.So what do you like to do in space? Fly around aimlessly, looking at pretty undiscovered planets? Fighting pirates? BEING a pirate? Mining your way to riches? Create a warp drive so massive you can jump halfway across the universe? Carrying thousands of tons of cargo between systems to keep the economy going? Making a beeline for the galaxy's center to get technology far above your skill level, then bringing it back to the outskirts and owning absolutely everything? Perhaps you'd like to build a giant phallic spacecraft, name it the Donginator, and be the superhero nobody wants or deserves, flying around the galaxy killing alien motherships in much the same way an 18-wheeler kills mosquitos. It's really up to you.With blocky, modular spacecraft (actually, everything except the backgrounds in this game is blocky and modular, even the asteroids) you can very precisely tune exactly how much health, armor, shielding etc... you have, as long as you stay in-budget. Building is not a fast process, but it's in-depth and offers enormous creative freedom. The shape of your craft actually matters too, because most systems perform better in one shape or another depending on whether they need volume, surface area or just to be hidden away behind armor to be effective.Weapon variety only increases when you get closer to the galaxy's center, which while an interesting design choice, is certainly no detriment to the game.Probably my favorite part of the game is how well this universe comes together. Factions will literally start and end wars in the background while you're at the local space-ice cream shop, and the AI, while not particularly complex, is efficient and does the job well. Infinite randomly generated ships all sort of look the same, but if you get close enough you'll see they have subtle identifying features among factions. The random generation of ships in general is praiseworthy, being very complex and asymmetrical with lots of detail. And all this happens very efficiently, as my relatively low-end gaming machine runs Avorion just fine even when sizeable skirmishes are taking place, which is something that I absolutely adore in an age where ""early access"" too often means ""we don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about people with slower computers.""All in all, I'd highly recommend this game to anybody with a thirst for adventure, a creative spirit or the desire to make a legitimate mark on the universe. Definitely a 10/10, I recommend this game SO hard."
,Recommended,445220,29779004,Posted: 8 February,all,[102] Street Jesus,"The space game I always wanted!Build your ship literally any way your imagination deems fit. You can also build up a fleet of your own personally designed ships and have AI crews control them!Freeroam, sandbox style gameplay with lots of factions to work with (or against).Smooth progression.Decent tutorial.Time disappears whenever I play this game... Meaning what feels like an hour of gameplay is actually 7 and now you're late for work (true story).The only thing keeping me from giving it a perfect review is that the game crashes randomly sometimes, but it autosaves damn near everything you do, simply an annoyance to reboot the game.4.5/5 In my opinion! And more content to come?? Totally worth $20."
,Recommended,445220,30057921,Posted: 20 February,all,"Tug Tug, the Legend","[This review is from Avorion's Client Beta 0.10.2 r7448. Many aspects of this review may change in future releases, please keep that in mind when reading!][MINOR SPOILERS]What do you get when you cross EVE, Space Engineers, Minecraft, and TROVE, all into one neatly-wrapped package? Sacrificing sleep as you blaze across a literal galaxy?Avorion, ladies and gentlemen.Sure, the game is still being worked on, and there are a few bugs littered about here and there, but that should literally not stop you or make you go ""I'll wait."" No no no, you get your steamy wallet funds a bubbling and get this game while it needs your support.Pros-:: Ship designing. Simple and sweet, though I'll smack you with the long version instead. Doesnt matter the scale (well, if you got a crappy computer, I feel bad for you son), the shape, the desire...if you want to build it and make it real in the universe of Avorion, you got it. A ship that is a bruiser? Sure! A ship that fires literal lightning bolts from an eyeball on the front? DO IT!:: Weapon choices. As mentioned, you have got a modest array of weapon types that fit your needs. Want to hit that perfect, long-range, cannon sniper shot? Make sure it has a lot of punch to get through shields down the road. Desire to strip away the shields of your enemy before they have time to react? Get yourself some lightning guns man! Everything from chain guns to cannons to tesla coil weapons, there's a little something for everyone.:: Farming and crafting. There's a whole mess of prefab blocks and shapes to choose from, including the core basics for your ship like cabin spaces for crew and cargo, hangar bays for your drones, and of course, the means to energize and defend your ship. Farming is similar to that of most point-click-wait-reward farming styles. But it makes you work for it to some considerable degree, especially for those richer resources.:: Varying loot. The loot style is pretty simple. Destroy that enemy ship to have a chance to drop weapons, modules, money, and resources. Wreckage messing with your OCD? Salvage it with your salvage guns for further chances at loot / resources, or just send your drones in to do the dirty work / heavy lifting. Loot as a whole is pretty direct and to the point in regards to levels and stats, and you have the option to hang on to it to research it all into upgraded (a chance of) components, or sell it for that sweet cash you need to pay your ship crew.:: Ship Crew. What is a ship without her crew? Your crewmembers will gain experience in their assigned fields as time goes by and they are utilized, making them more efficient at their tasks. The whole idea of having a literal crew that can die if their life support goes out or their fighters get shot down is a concept that is overlooked in most ship-v-ship games. Without them, your ship is about as good as an asteroid-sized paperweight.:: Game Size. You could store this game (at this time) on a 1g chip. On a good gaming rig or better, this game is literally next to nil on impact to performance. So far it's appeared to be lightweight and easily runs but is completely reliant on whether your computer is up to par or not.Cons-:: Crashes / Freezes.:: Miscellaneous in-map UI bugs (overlapping / underlapping graphics or clickables):: Slightly serious progression curve. With it being mostly an open-world type game, there is a bit of an unbalance between the growth of your ship - v - the weapons you get. For example, my own experience in the hours I have played thus far, my ship has outpaced my progression of exploration by a factor of say...400%? My ship is easily close to a large ship / mothership in size. However, my weapons and modules, my salvaging turrets and mining turrets are lackluster or about 300% weaker than what I am toting around on the ship in regards to design and resource content. You can quickly outgrow your DPS (damage per second) against other ships. Already I'm encountering ships with powerful shields and weapon types that rip my ship asunder because although my shields and frame are of...moderate strength, my weapons cannot kill them fast enough due to low DPS. The balance curve for the game at the moment is strikingly difficult to maintain evenly as you explore and progress at a rate that allows you to find good weapons, and farm the right parts / buy them.Depending on your computer, you may encounter a lot of these kinds of issues due to memory overload or lack of performance on your computer's behalf. Like all beta games, these are to be expected as bugs will happen frequently. With the balancing, it's something you have to limit either yourself, or to figure out for yourself.= = =All in all this game has a great and significant potential. I've only invested 20~ or so hours into it and I haven't even scratched the surface of my design potential with the ship I have. I heavily recommend this game to anyone who has liked or played games with a relatively open, 'living' world.Thanks for reading, and see you out there among the stars.~"
,Recommended,445220,30061024,Posted: 20 February,all,Raernian,"Different-in an awesome way-and interesting in the sense that it's a very large galaxy and there's a lot to find, and the highly customizable ship building aspect of the game. The reputation system is neat, if you help a faction being raided by defending them they'll start to like you a little more and won't be as likely to shoot you. If you're put off by any sort of difficulty with the building, play for a few more days and you'll be used to it by then. The space travel is a lot of fun, so are the epic battles that take place in raids by other factions, pirates and aliens. I gotta say though, the most fun part is when you get to blow stuff up with the ship you've spent days, or perhaps weeks on. And making the ship is pretty cool too. Overall, epic game. A few things need some touches, like the online status. At the moment, you can't play on a server with a bunch of other people unless you put in an IP address or play with somebody close to you. When you're able to do that, this game should skyrocket in popularity."
,Recommended,445220,30047197,Posted: 19 February,all,HAPPY HOLIDAYS,"i accidentally got stuck in an empty sector because my ship was damaged and I warped there, and I wasn't generating enough power to fuel the warp thing.fun game though 10/10 help me i'm stuck in the vacuum of space this is a distress signal my coordinates are (69, 420)"
76561198012044442,Recommended,445220,30045987,Posted: 19 February,all,Fix,yes
76561198160044202,Recommended,445220,30082698,Posted: 21 February,all,CantingPrism83,"I like the look and feel of the game play, but there are a few features that make the game a little frustrating to me. I may come back in the future, later in dev.If you like space exploration and salvaging expiditions then this game is for you! This game provides countless hours of battel, mining, building, and exploring! HOWEVER the game is rather unforgiving upon death. Once you die you loose all progress and restart all the way back to the starting sector you also have to use the miner you where givin at the start. Despite this negative part it was still a fun little expirence, but just not for me (at the moment). I do hope this game becomes succesful upon release and I will def. be checking this out later."
76561198023545422,Recommended,445220,30079260,Posted: 21 February,all,Edhinor,"The TL;DR in case you want it: Avorion is a great game, loads of things to do at the moment, designing your ship, exploring, mining, trading, hunting pirates, becoming a pirate yourself…. If you liked games like the old Freelancer (or Privateer), the X Series, Elite Dangerous… this game will probably be for you as well.Now, after that small introduction, a bit of a more in depth review. First the cons:-The game is still early access, be aware that all the promise could turn to nothing if the game doesn’t get fully developed or the direction of development takes it in a different direction.- It is still unbalanced in certain areas, trading, for example, can make you millions of credits if you find the right sector with the right trade routes.- Player ownership of mines, factories and such is still not fully implemented, due to how the game works at the moment it is probably best to stay away from this at the moment. To clarify, a sector is only active as long as a player is present or has been present in the recent past (less than five minutes). If you stay close to your mines, they will work and produce, if you jump away… they will stop, but you will still need to pay wages for the workers in them.- The ship designer can be hard to get to grips with. Some people may find it difficult to build their ships depending on their spatial awareness, plus all the possible options in the designer might be daunting for some to learn.-Material progression can be weird at times, it is currently possible to build a mining ship and just jump closer to the core of the galaxy rushing to the next tier of minerals, in an accelerating process. It took me several hours to go from iron to titanium, the move from titanium to Naonite was nearly half of that, and from that to Trinium was then again something like half of the previous step.So why do I recommend the game even with those cons? Well, now the pros:-The galaxy is procedurally generated, so you can always restart and live a different experience if you want.-The sense of exploring the galaxy, finding the different factions, searching for high concentrations of asteroids of the material you need, fighting off pirates… is fantastic and with some small tweaks will be a great experience.-The Newtonian physics of the ships are also an interesting and fun choice, again, they need some small tweaks but it gives much more immersion and feeling of realism than a more “space opera approach”.-Building your ships is great, the tool is extremely flexible and once you get to grips with how it works, you can design amazing ships, with loads of details and tailoring them to your style with no restrictions (fast and nimble? Sure. Big, sturdy and bulky? Go for it. Trading ship? No problem. Mining one? Got you covered. Fully on combat? Sure thing.)-Great music and beautiful planets make for a very relaxing experience when mining/trading, while the combat is well balanced and if you are not careful you can bite more than you can chew. The Ai, while not fantastic still, can sometimes pose a challenge.-Loads of ideas (in different degrees of implementation and balancing, as already mentioned, but still there, refreshing and very deep systems), including trading, research of new upgrades and weapons for your ship, diplomacy with different factions, events, player ownership, a deep economy, quests…All in all this is a great game and a real surprise that it is still relatively unknown."
,Recommended,445220,30044765,Posted: 19 February,all,Achillezzz,"So my previous review was far too brief. Felt like I need to elaborate after playing this for a bit.--So I've been a big-time space fan for many years. I've played many of the triple-A and Indie titles. E.g., lately I've played Space Engineers, and Empyrion. Space Engineers is a great concept that is poorly executed. It just isn't fun unless you want to grind all day. Empyrion is a good concept that is executed nicely, it is quick and easy to build ships, but the environment is somewhat blah. Space is pretty much pointless, the main goal is to camp on planets.Now comes Avorion. An excellent concept that as far as I can tell has great execution. There are a few quirks but I heard the devs are already fixing them (e.g., ship repairing). I typically gauge a game by how many ""wow I haven't seen that before moments"" occurs. Most good games have 1-2. I've experienced like 5 really awesome moments with Avorion. From when I first built a ship and pirates attacked, to when I found a shipyard, to trading, to missions, to fleets... well I could go on but don't want to spoil it for new folks.If you're on the fence about this game I seriously recommend getting it and trying it out. It can be a little tough at first by with increased skills the fun also increases dramatically. I've played for 12+ hrs and feel like I've just touched the surface.Great game - can't wait to see what else the developers add to this."
,Recommended,445220,29682767,Posted: 3 February,all,Notrs,I can not put down this game. If you really liked the X series you should give this a shot!
76561198012244318,Recommended,445220,29691235,Posted: 4 February,all,AV,"""Here's how it is: Earth got used up, so we terraformed a whole new galaxy of Earths, some rich and flush with new technologies, some not so much. Central Planets, thems formed the Alliance, waged war to bring everyone under their rule; a few idiots tried to fight it, among them myself. I'm Malcolm Reynolds, captain of Serenity. She's a transport ship, Firefly class. Got a good crew: fighters, pilot, mechanic. We even picked up a preacher for some reason, and a bona fide companion. There's a doctor, too, took his genius sister outta some Alliance camp, so they're keeping a low profile. You understand. You got a job, we can do it. Don't much care what it is.""""find a crew, find a job, keep flying."""
76561198108256658,Recommended,445220,29661213,Posted: 2 February,all,Jioder,Collision damage - OFF12/10
76561197971886425,Recommended,445220,29639593,Posted: 1 February,all,optimus1971,This isn't a full review or anything but I want to say that I've been participating in Alpha games for a few years now and have enjoyed most of them.  This one is towards the top.  Thanks to the Devs for a powerful start.  I can hardly wait to see how the game progresses in development.There is a bit of a learning curve but once you start building and exploring you pick up on a lot of the tricks.Keep it up guys!!!
,Recommended,445220,29640447,Posted: 1 February,all,beyaaahhhhh,"A must play for fans of space games and those who enjoy piloting starcraft. Imagine kerbal but with warfare and fancy space lasers and easier exploration. In depth physics engine feels smooth as butter even if the graphics are voxely. The bigger you build the ships the less square everything looks and the more pain you can dish out. Takes an hour or two for the game mechanics and crafting to really click and feel good but the learning curve is immensly worth it.This would be my favorite game in my library if it had 50+ person multiplayer servers. There could be group battles with defined roles such as EVE. Capitol ships, fighters, repair drones/ships, miners, salvagers, etc."
,Recommended,445220,29782342,Posted: 8 February,all,Auden Kaitus,"Considering this is Steam I will first be clear that at time of posting this game is in development. Do not buy this expecting everything to be there and your every wim and will to be satisfied immediately. All Early Access titles carry a risk and it is your decision to weigh that risk and either accept or refuse it.With that said, the developers of the game have shown strong dedication to this title. Look into the development and you will find they have spent their time ensuring the game is playable and reasonably solid. From what I have read the rest of the development is going to be focused on adding light story-driven content and fleshing out the game to it's fullest potential. In it's current state the game is very player-driven, in the style of most current survival sandbox titles. This will likely continue to be a major focus.The game has a very nice ship creation system, which although it may take a smidgen of practice is really quite easy. Making more complex eye-candy ships might take some time but the nature of the creation system makes it pretty well streamlined. Current multiplayer servers are working well, with room for improvement. Progression is relatively easy with mostly paced hurdles. The current mechanics seem to promote mixed gameplay but any style of gameplay is equally viable.The game feels very alive at times due to the dynamic event system. However, it could use some tweaking and a bit more story content and such. Small side-quests are always nice. This is mostly opinion here, but opinion can matter when it comes to entertainment =P Being able to move between relatively easy and difficult areas without much notice can keep you on your feet. One area may have a handful of pirates but next door could be a drasticly large fleet battle between factions. I do think, however, adjustable mechanics could allow players to tailor their experience into the risk vs reward style of things. Jumping into a hostile system has a small potential to be dangerous currently, but jump drive recharge doesn't seem to limit you much early game and can allow you to freely fly in and out of nasty situations.The game has mod support. Always a great thing to have, and the devs have put an emphasis to say it was built up from the start with the intention of being moddable.Overall, it's solid in it's current state and with friends can offer many long hours of gameplay. I highly recommend buying, even at full price. However, an early access title is a personal decision to support a game and it's development. It is not an entitlement. Have fun, and fly recklessly. <3"
,Recommended,445220,29811126,Posted: 9 February,all,Varanae,"It's a joy designing and buildings ships, the battles are satisfying and the mining is relaxing. I can trade among factions, making friends and enemies along the way while exploring the massive galaxy. There's hidden stashes and secrets, asteroids that can be developed or sold and systems that feel alive (while you're in them at least.)There are some issues, as there is with any early access game. The sectors you can jump to essential freeze when you aren't there. Multiplayer has peformed pretty well for me so far but I have heard others having some issues, so that could be hit or miss for you. When you die (and you probably will crash into an asteroid at some point), you have no option other than to spawn in your home system. This could mean a 30 min journey of doing nothing but jumping back to where you were.Overall I'd recommend this and can't wait to see how it is developed through early access. It deserves more attention."
76561198080996324,Recommended,445220,29785632,Posted: 8 February,all,Mcbayne,Excellent build interface
,Recommended,445220,29844463,Posted: 11 February,all,AGrezzlyBear csgolive.com,"I found out about this game from the YouTube channel Lathland, and my first positive is that it is able to run on my laptop - despite how pretty the game is even on the lowest graphics settings, it can run on low-spec hardware. I found that when I first got into the game it was quite simple, the tutorial accurately explained how to do many things ingame - I'm now about 20 sectors from my starting point, and the game is becoming increasingly enjoyable. My only criticism is that the UI doesn't seem to scale correctly to my resolution - parts of the UI overlap other parts, but since nearly everything that has this issue is hotkeyed there is no problem to the game.8/10 I would recommend this game, providing you have a fair amount of time to put into it!"
,Recommended,445220,29831572,Posted: 10 February,all,Sensire,"I don't tend to write reviews but strongly feel this one deserves an exception. I wouldn't be fooled by the Early Access Tag, it had me skeptical hoppin into the game at first but I can without a doubt say if you're into the genre and fairly laid-back gameplay (think of the X series in particular, StarMade, Space Engineers and the like) this is for you. 20 hours in and I feel like I have only scraped the surface of what this game has to offer.Limitless customization. You can build a ship asbig and complex as you want. There is no limit except for your imaginationSimple yet beautiful visuals.Epic space battles. Faction battles, boss battles, it's there.Like the X series, gameplay can be long & tedious but ultimately very rewarding as you build up your ship/fleet/empire.Solid 8/10, it does not feel like an early access game at all. It has its rough edges as you would expect but nothing that would take your mind off of all the good this game offers you."
76561197996943889,Recommended,445220,29901089,Posted: 13 February,all,Baaklund,"Only played it for a short amount of time, but looks really good !Can´t wait to see what this game will end up as, when even in early access, it´s a full game."
76561198026398299,Recommended,445220,29887760,Posted: 12 February,all,Palad1n,"Good core mechanics, lots of different upgrades to find and build, and an unlimited ship building system that lets you do whatever you want!Currently the game coding is not very good with supporting that many players on any size server. I have been playing on a high end server for several days, and it's mostly smooth, however once you get more than 5-6 players involved, system resources cannot keep up with all the different variants of what each player is doing, so you experience some latency and sometimes sector crashes.This will get smoothed out over time, and for those looking for a single player experience, no problem! You can do that if you so desire and take your time exploring, trading, blowing things up."
76561198035865217,Recommended,445220,29532839,Posted: 27 January,all,Wardiaper,"This game sucks.  All my free time.Best ship builder in any game - like voxels but scalable in any direction.  Endless possibilities (look at the screenshots section of the community area).  Build and control a fleet.  Great combat and salvaging, mining, trading, quests.Huge galaxy to explore with procedurally designed NPC ships and stations.  An economy for trading and buying/selling materials and loot (turrets and modules).There's something in the center of the galaxy to strive for, but I don't know what because my journey is slow (by choice).  Easy to get into.  My favorite (space) game on steam currently.This is THE space game you have been looking for."
,Recommended,445220,29861146,Posted: 11 February,all,SkitZO,"Easily describable as ""Minecraft in Space"".Buy if you enjoy sandbox games!!"
,Recommended,445220,29854959,Posted: 11 February,all,That Guy Martin,"I can totally see that why this game soared to the steam top sellers list when it was greenlit, it truely feels like you could do positvely anything. This game shows great promise and I vehemently urgue all fans of games like Space Engineers and Starmade to give this title a try."
76561198093511571,Recommended,445220,29857748,Posted: 11 February,all,candiriaroot,"What can I say, it's fantastic.  It has ripped me from Black Desert (though still afk'd in the tray), and I'm not sure how long I'll be able to stay away from this.  Building your own ships, mini-ships, drones, fighters, drone miners, every little thing.  Killing pirates, trading, building ships (again).  Building ships.  It's really not even just about building ships, it's building puzzles.I basically rambled as I wrote that.  In short, it's just an extremely addicting game, buy it."
,Recommended,445220,29852243,Posted: 11 February,all,Dadkron,This game is what I wanted StarMade to be but never was.
,Recommended,445220,29940903,Posted: 15 February,all,MildlyAggravated,Pretty good
,Recommended,445220,29907913,Posted: 13 February,all,LeRougePanda,"With over 220 hours played since release, I honestly don't have much that is bad to say about this game.It's very well put together so far, it's Early Access so of course it is not complete and there are some features missing but that is to be expected. The developer also is very in touch with the community and listens to what they have to say and puts it into consideration when updating the game. Greatly appreciated!It has so many fun aspects.Build a ship with an extremely wide variety of blocks with variable sizes, pretty much as big or small as you can imagine.Save your ships and import them to other games and ever trade them with your friends easily.Creative mode, to play around in and experiment with different ideas.Multiplayer!!! (Getting way more stable each passing update!)Be a pirate, trader, miner, military pilot. Whatever path you choose can be exciting.Command a fleet of ships ( a little buggy but still great fun!)The ability to build your own stations and as far as I am aware even your own trade routes. (Not a lot of experience with this but seems very in depth)This game does have mod support to a degree, It does not support steam workshop but there is a great creative community writing mods all the time!Affordable compared to most other Early Access titles (Only 17.99 compared to other Devs charging $40-$50)Seriously if you want a good space game that can rival titles as EVE Online or even X3,  Get this game.However, and this is just personal preference. I myself must step down from playing until steam workshop is supported as the game as it stands is not enough for my taste. But that is to no fault of the Dev i'm just a picky gamer.I'm looking forward to the full release of this game and to see where these next updates take us."
76561198014165982,Recommended,445220,29908087,Posted: 13 February,all,Kloze12,"Very nice game, still a bit unfinished, but still in early Aplha, so can't really complain about that :PBit like space Engineers only w/o the Astronaut point of view.Really the only downside atm is the grinding for resources in the early hours. But once you get going, shooting stuff and killing cruiser-size ships you'll get enough Titanium, Naonite, Guns, Upgrades and other stuff to keep building and expanding your ship.12KM Dreadnought? You can build it.Small Tie-Fighter like thingy: you can build it.Wanna reacreate BS Galactic? Go ahead!Want to build an intergalactic empire with stations everywhere? It's possible.If you want to get the most out of this game, you should play it with a couple of friends. Makes it so much more fun."
76561198110382014,Recommended,445220,29938737,Posted: 15 February,all,KicKGirl,pretty cool game but too bad im not a good at design but still cooli recommened this game if u good at building or design
76561198203795260,Recommended,445220,29936285,Posted: 14 February,all,m.mill3085,I like the game but i would like for it to work on my computer running some stupid technology.I like the game it's cool and awesome.
76561198094067901,Recommended,445220,29936666,Posted: 14 February,all,Andrew Wolfrick,"TL;DR  Its a rich game with multiple possibilities. If you're alright with watching how this game moves forward I would consider this a great game. Its kinda grindy but its got that work for reward feeling. Though there is a learning cerve and this game does require some patience. I would recomend it to others that enjoyed games like Space Engineers, Starmade or even Elite Dangerous. Did I mention the skyboxes are AMAZING?Longer version;Avorion is rough around the edges, its framework is solid and the idea is simple and the execution is simple as well but the Voxel based building gives ship builders, station builers and all around creationist the chance to build things never seen before. Its a deep game with solid bones and a great looking future.Build a ship, assemble your crew and take your ship out into the stars.Want to build a Imperial Star Destroyer thats 1-1 scale? No problem. Want to build a massive super ship with thousands of crew members? Not an issue.BUT keep in mind, you have to pay your crew! I was quite surprised bu that but Avorion is not TO hard on your wallet when it comes to paying your loyal workers. As they work on your ship your crew levels up allowing one Mechanic to do the work of two and a half for the same pay.Want to be the richest trader ever? Go for it, with a ingame economy that is thus far self sufficent you can jump right in and become a millionare. Though its not to simple to get right off the bat its still plenty profitable.Want to be a pirate? Then get out there, arm yourself and make those cargo haulers drop their goods in fear. Or blow them away and kill everyone else while your at it! Be the scourge of ther galaxy one raid at a time.Want to explore? You'll find rich astroud fields, hidden stashes, traveler's stashes and even abandoned ships! Make the old hunks part of your fleet, sell them for profit or keep them for your own use.Want to build a Empire? ( for now ) thats semi possible. Build your fleet, build a few stations for basic materials and start building your home. You're even free to erradicate other factions, destroy their ships and stations to purge them from the sector you want. You can even build a multi million credit company if that's the kind of Empire you dream of.Avorion is good, I would say like Ark it makes Early access something you want to trust again.  However, with that said the game does have short comings. Mining, Salvaging and Economic management can become tidious and boring. However, I'm sure in the future there will be ways to help make even semi tedious tasks more doable. Such as Salvage drones and miners ( Miners are there now but they only work when you're in the sector.)That being said, for its asking price its a good game with plenty to do. After nearly 100 hours I still find myself still playing and trying to figure out the rest of the game. For now, I'm messing with a small business venture and loaning my  Battleship to help defend my home sector from pirates and aliens."
76561198166283110,Recommended,445220,29962114,Posted: 16 February,all,quintencenshel,"Sanbox type game still in early access. Has storyline and good playable content. Ship building is very logical, where-as every piece you add affects the ship as a whole. Also each part has practical limits so sizing beyond these limits costs resources but gives no benefit. If you cover items like thrusters your performance will take a hit. I enjoy the progressive play and find it unique as your particularly built ship affects NPC responses through faction relationships. The tutorial familiarizes you with enough of the game that playthrough is simple, but remember this is early access."
76561198281429907,Recommended,445220,29974854,Posted: 16 February,all,teddygth6,"Not a bad game. Had trouble running it at the begining, but talked to the Devloper on the chat forms and he helped me with the issue. game is very good overall. woruld recomend it to anyone who likes RPG's and space combat."
,Recommended,445220,29945063,Posted: 15 February,all,Nick SkunkFox,"Pretty great game, its what the spore space stage should have been."
,Recommended,445220,29979741,Posted: 17 February,all,Dielmanar twitch.tv/2dads1stream,Really love the ship building in this game. I spent most of my 16 hours just making ships.
76561198116540640,Recommended,445220,29823571,Posted: 10 February,all,DonkersHonkers,Like the X franchise and Space Engineers had a sweaty sweaty lovechild
,Recommended,445220,29811694,Posted: 9 February,all,How2Destroy,Space Engineers + From The Depths = Best game Ever
76561197970279423,Recommended,445220,29813542,Posted: 9 February,all,PCGamesRule,"I've play a lot of space games that are like Avorion, ED, etc. but this one is one I don't have to struggle to enjoy.  The ship building is very good, the fighting is good, not too easy or too hard (this is important, I'm no ninja).  You have to lead your shots and position your ship to hit what you want.I feel like this is the updated freelancer type experience I was looking for and because I can play it solo, no griefers can impact my game play.I'm glad I got this early access and look forward to more improvements.  Things that make it seem more alive, chatter etc., but I'm having fun right now and that's what matters to me.   :)"
76561198320162874,Recommended,445220,29813808,Posted: 9 February,all,DaHuGeViKiNg666,played this game for 10 minutes and was addicted to it immeadiatly!!!! seriously worth the money for early access!!! GET IT!!! GET IT NOW!!!!
76561198067605097,Recommended,445220,29786887,Posted: 8 February,all,UNACCEPTABLE,"Really like it as is, right now, enjoying it fully. Great Early Acces space game."
76561198347943292,Recommended,445220,30070583,Posted: 20 February,all,Infern009,"Fun and can be addicting, only problem I've benen having is game is not updating, and also when a faction battle starts it freezes my game, not to scare anyone but it's only my GPU processer."
76561197970794013,Recommended,445220,30076404,Posted: 21 February,all,Dimachaerus,"I think I am in love. Seriosuly though, no other game has ever been so beautifully fun to make ships in, and then blast things with them. All the way from teeny-tiny fighters to massive planet crushing Dreadnoughts, and you can greeble the ever lovin heck out of them.beyond that the gameplay combines aspects from three of my favorite games, Homeworld (ship managing, fleet stuff, resource gathering), Freelancer (simple yet fun blow-em-up action, lots of places to explore, stuff to find/steal), and Space Engineers (make my own spaceship? HELL YES!).Personally, I rate this 9.5 out of 10. I ding it half a point simply because in it's current iteration friendly (as in you control it) AI is a little... Special. I presume this will one day be fixed, when that happens, *poof*, 10/10!"
,Recommended,445220,30346833,Posted: 5 March,all,Shinypiggy101,"I had high expectations and they were met. It is a very fun game that may get sometime to get the hang of, but once you do it is amazing."
76561197987056862,Recommended,445220,31349883,Posted: 24 April,all,Anthrax,"This is hands down the best space exploration/sand-box game I have ever played. The level of creativity in the ship building is completely limitless, there is tons of missions, factions, locations, farming, mining, trading, fighiting, and lore. If you enjoy a non linear game with a story that you can follow in the back ground then this is the game for you. I can't put into words how much I am enjoying this. Very steep learning curve to begin with but once you get the hang of the way the game plays then it just opens up with nearly limitless possibilites. I only have a short while played but I am constantly discovering new things to do with what seems like no end. You can build your own space stations and create a massive fleet of ships that can all be controleld by you or you can give them orders to carry out for you. Not to mention you can have massive epic space battles with many large and smaller ships all fighitng it out at once. This game is a master piece buy it now you wont be dissapointed."
,Recommended,445220,31247517,Posted: 19 April,all,dudeman,Still in very early access and a lot of features to make the game long-lasting need to still be implemented. Automation is key in a space game so once you can set up trade and automining and building your own empire it will be great. 6/10
,Recommended,445220,31284644,Posted: 21 April,all,Seioch,"I bought this game on a whim and from a random reddit post. I have to say: For a two man team this game is absolutely amazing. I haven't regretted a single cent I spent on this game. There are very few games that I can say merits this praise, and I still feel that praising the game for it's endless fun, amazing gameplay, and deep building capabilities is not enough. If you want a great space rpg, this is it."
76561198035515234,Recommended,445220,31329143,Posted: 23 April,all,bryonberney,Love it!
,Recommended,445220,31360875,Posted: 25 April,all,AtticusLepidus,"Avorion is a deceptively simple spaceship builder. It dumps you in an entirely generated galaxy to explore, mine, steal, and battle. As you work with or against AI factions to progress towards the center of the galaxy, you pick up new components for your ship or goods to smuggle or sell.Here's a few highlights:-The game is still actively being developed, meaning that updates are expected and have been coming along.-Multiplayer is easy to drop in and out of (just use Steams ""Join Game"" option). Having a few mates to play with really makes this game shine.-Easy to learn, hard to master.-Any way you build your ship is viable. From big battlecruisers, to carriers, to dodgy little fighters, they all work.-Factions actively fight each other, allowing you to pick a side, or profit off the chaos."
76561198006681349,Recommended,445220,30071080,Posted: 20 February,all,Anubis,Great game and lots of potential
76561198041781723,Recommended,445220,31494727,Posted: 1 May,all,NibbleOnNobbysNut,"11/10Large scale battles, Station/Ship building, Faction warExploration, Mining/Trading/Scavenging etc etcIt's amazing, devs introducing boarding soon were you can take other some1 else's ship really excited 4 thisand many other features to comecountless hrs of fun to b had hereBuy n you won't b disappointed"
76561198012415879,Recommended,445220,31552912,Posted: 4 May,all,Sr. Bison,"X3 + Minecraft, not a great game, not a bad too. This game is slow and needs a lot of grinding, but it is ok for the ones that likes freedom in a sandbox game. If you like do the things your own way, you will like it, if you hate to endlessly grind stay away from it. 7/10 ."
76561198114506286,Recommended,445220,31615967,Posted: 7 May,all,Skar,"Awesome.If you like space, spacecraft, building spacecraft, blowing up stuff and loot... then yeah - this game is that one for you.More realistic graphics than Starmade - its similar to a degree (no 'on planet' stuff here).I've had as much fun designing my space craft as i have actually playing the game.  The design element is cube based and surprisingly detailed - you can build basically any space craft you can think of.Just 1 other thing to say.   This game does require a degree of patience to get the most out of it - like most sandbox, building and collecting resources game.  If you lack patience to any degree this might not be your cup of tea - but then again no sandboxy game would be.I cant actually beleive that this game isn't more popular than it is currently.   Maybe the name puts some off - i dont know -but if your thinking that-  just look on Youtube at some of the playthroughs of Avorion(tons on there) you'll soon see how great this game is."
76561198066333644,Recommended,445220,31537530,Posted: 4 May,all,scoop,"nice little game. the ship building part is amazing. the core game is sound. BUT... it lacks depth. at least for now. let me explain a little...pro´s:- nice ship editor- a lot of options and possibilities (things to do)- core game mechanics and features are sweet (complex ship systems and crew mechanics e.g.)- nice visuals (if you love explosions, and I do)- nice visuals in spacecon´s- after it while you realize that the mechanics are seemingly niot finished yet (which is to be expected for an EA title)- gets repetetive (if you don´t go the usual ""make a very quick buch by trading-route"")- time and resources invested into in-game infrastructure is just a time and money- and material-sink.as of now, this game lacks one major component that breaks it for me (in the current state of development that is)- No background simulation of economy and infrastructure.sectors are unloaded (paused) about 5 minutes after ypu leave them. which means, that all your factories, mines, ships and all that stuff won´t perform / do stuff. BUT (and that has to be a EA blunder): although they don´t do jack$%&/, they still cost maintenance.so they got recurring payments for additional crewmen working, but nit the simulation of the background economy and industrial infrastructure.so : if you are interested in a space empire building and ""dominate the univers"" kinda playstyle, this game is (currently) not for you.if you are interested in blowing stuf up and having a blast while doing it, then this little gem might be worth the money, especially if it is on sale."
76561198138963454,Recommended,445220,31537080,Posted: 4 May,all,SquiddyMoose,I love this game.  I love everything about this game.  But can we please. for the love of god.  make it easier to have ships follow us and not fly at one mph doing so.  9/10 would collide into my own ship again.
76561198040929909,Recommended,445220,31659803,Posted: 9 May,all,Valshala,"If you like space games such as Elite and X2, X3 and you like building games such as From the Depths or Starmade then look no further..  Quite frankly the best game I have played In years and soon it will be getting even better, forget waiting for an X4 its already here."
,Recommended,445220,31638719,Posted: 8 May,all,LordxBalrog,"Do you like small space skirmishes or giant space wars? Do you like building your own ships or your own fleets of ships? Maybe pumping out a ton of small vessels to follow you around and do your bidding? Maybe you're into large scale economies? Have you ever wanted to be a space pirate? Is exploring the unknown exciting to you? do you appreciate realistic physics?If you answered yes to any of these questions then you need to play this game.11/9, Just Do It."
76561198064122781,Recommended,445220,31641005,Posted: 8 May,all,DoGgs,"Now this is what an EA title should be, even if it never reaches greatness i have totally enjoyed playing whats on offer here. Take a game like NMS, it will cost you 3 x what Avorian cost and Avorian is 3 x more fun and way more interesting.  It will be a shame if the devs cannot or do not push this to greater heights, but even if they don't then they get my vote as i have had  more than my monies worth already...great start to EA and great potential."
76561197974572519,Recommended,445220,30113516,Posted: 22 February,all,Marius Damocles,"- needs more multiplayer server updates- Xotsan spawns while multiplayer server is online needs to be looked at. They continue to spawn in whatever system the player is in and clog the server, causing massive lag, even when player is offline- Player ships need to de-spawn when the player is not logged in or the ship dies- despite the multiplayer issues, the single player experience is fun and addicting."
76561198004277885,Recommended,445220,30067242,Posted: 20 February,all,Sliver,"So far this is the combination of the X series and minecraft that I have been looking for. As I learn new things I enjoy starting over to see how I can build new and better designs for ships. I thought the graphics were going to bother me but I enjoy the gameplay and style as well as the vast amounts of ships that you encounter along with large scale battles early on. The only difficulty/bug I have run across is not being able to command more than 3 ships. Once I have 4 ships, even if I have the proper crew, they stop taking orders and just sit there."
,Recommended,445220,30054046,Posted: 20 February,all,kylen1487,This game is better than I ever expected! I can't put it down for a minute! Well worth the money all the way!What needs to be improved:-Docking at stations should be easier to do. My ship keeps drifting away and doesn't stay attached to the station.-Ship drifts to much. This makes it very difficult to control the ship.-More blocks-Storage facility of some sort so you can store all your items in the event you lose your ship.
76561197984854550,Recommended,445220,32215059,Posted: 6 June,all,Stellar Trenebris,"Bought the game today and and loved the ship building aspect of it. For $17 its a great game. Its everything I wanted Elite Dangerous to be for a reasonable price.  Nice sound track and graphics aren't too bad if a little dated. Maybe there will be some moding for this in the future?I would like to see a ""Lock on Mothership"" button for when I'm in my drone and can't find my main ship. This would save me time not having to middle mouse button target objects in the distance to identify them and eventually find my ship...well time to get back to mining astriods, killing pirates, modding my ship and exploring a procedurally generated galaxy!!"
,Recommended,445220,32494606,Posted: 16 June,all,TopGun,"If you remember the early days of playing eve online and wishing that you could actually fly the ships, than this will be a game that you will enjoy!Im totally hooked! I got caught smuggling warheads last night... fml now im on the run from the largest faction that ive discovered so far."
,Recommended,445220,32690764,Posted: 23 June,all,❖Preem❖,Played it for three straight hours the first day I got it there is always something to do and it's a great game all in all would love to get involved in the game more to improve it too it has a lot of potential.
,Recommended,445220,32669341,Posted: 23 June,all,Reinhard Von Lohengramm,Only about an hour in so far. Takes some time to learn but looks very promising. I have high hopes
,Recommended,445220,32696858,Posted: 23 June,all,✏️PMG GIVEAWAY GROUP  ✏,Very Fun! This is very fun but is hard to get the hang of. Takes about an hour to know what to do! 9/10
76561198072371302,Recommended,445220,29511142,Posted: 26 January,all,Cepryka,"good concept , BUT needs wariety or atleast a spore like function to import user created stations and ships into the game...... the procedual vanilla ones are realy bad , no distinction between the factions designs ....its like fighting the borg all over the place"
76561197987509362,Recommended,445220,31823072,Posted: 18 May,all,Arkideit,Engineers! If you tired of infinite Bugs and Fixes from SE buy this game.This what Space Engenners SHOULD BE NOW!Plus here is more flexible constructor.Minus you can't walk inside your ship.
,Recommended,445220,29574145,Posted: 29 January,all,Videogames,"They finally made the game actually save your data in singleplayer, so that's good.(Multiplayer is still about as stable as you'd expect.)The editor is nice, but lets me honest you're going to be making sweet F.A. with it. Not really sure what progam people are using these days and I can't find anything about it. Maybe I can save up my money and move to Germany so I can get their l33t hax from the source.Until then i'm uninstalling because there is nothing to do."
76561198206039423,Recommended,445220,30202144,Posted: 26 February,all,thiggi.61,What a great Game once got the issues sorted which wasn't that easy but hey hoo... I have now managed to play for a few hours just awesome there is so much to do and see and it looks great. I will put many hours into this I just know it worth every penny.
76561197974216683,Recommended,445220,30318332,Posted: 4 March,all,reamiger,I am enjoying playing it right now. It takes some of a couple good points about other games and combines them well. Almost like a basic playable version of sketch up in some ways and many other space build your own craft and explore and mine type games but its fun and not frustrating so far. A few minor visual bugs is all I have encountered so far.
76561198035780290,Recommended,445220,30357603,Posted: 6 March,all,mmcc2001,"A highly addictive game that combines elements of Minecraft and Reassembly and Privateer. It has a fairly high learning curve that mostly revolves around ship building... if you're no good at 3 dimensional reasoning then you might have a problem, but with that complexity comes the ability to make a ship of any size/shape that's only limited by your available resources.You start out as a mining drone that you use to mine nearby asteroids for iron. After you've mined a fair bit of iron (around a thousand units) you'd 'found' a new ship. With your new ship you can do anything you'd want, although getting into combat unassisted by friendlies is not recommended; your ship will start out very weak.The game map is truely huge, with is divided into sectors on a huge grid. The closer to the galactic center, the better the resources get, but the opposition becomes stronger as well. Each sector is procedurally generated, which means every sector is unique. The main goal of the game is to get to the center of the galaxy, which is easier said than done.Avorion does have a few issues to iron out though (hey, it's early access after all). Space Gates, that are used to easily move between two linked sectors, will no longer work if your ship becomes too large. A real inconvenience considering that the size of your ship determines the time to recharge the jump drive; the bigger it is the longer it takes.Also, a major warning to all players of this game: you can lose your ship if you do not disable the space bar on loading screens. The game world continues to run even during a loading screen, so while you'd think the world is paused with a ""press space bar to continue"" prompt in a loading screen, it isn't. You could be shot up by hostiles... or you could lose your ship to something even weirder. I lost my super-powerful ship to mysterious circumstances to this loading screen bug. I left the loading screen for a few minutes to discover that my ship was destroyed... my ship was WAY more powerful than any hostiles. That ship could chew through whole fleets of enemies. I was so angry that I quit playing the game... for about two days. I had a new idea for a ship that just wouldn't leave my head hehe.For an EA game this title is amazing. The only problem I can see for new players is ship building... it's daunting at first yet powerful. If you like procedurally generated space sandbox games then this game is for you. Personally, I can't wait until it leaves EA status... a lot of cool things seem to be planned (like boarding parties)."
76561198066286785,Recommended,445220,30349634,Posted: 5 March,all,Gunthex,"This game is incredibly fun. This is early access? With all the shotty product in early release these days, this one truly stands out as a complete game even right now. I love every part of it. Build a fleet, tell it what to do, control, etc. Very fun!"
76561198305079938,Recommended,445220,31246416,Posted: 19 April,all,phoenixdemon2000,Wonderfull game needs work but its one of a kind
76561197971091052,Recommended,445220,31837811,Posted: 19 May,all,0ut4t1m3,"First Impressions...I'm not far into Avorion yet but I feel it deserves to have more reviews so here we are. I don't do a lot of these so please forgive me if it gets boring.Yes it's early access and it does show in places but I'm actually really surprised at how good it feels compared to some other titles I've played when they were just starting like Rust and Space Engineers. The build system takes a bit of getting used to, sort of voxel but each block can be ""stretched"" which leads to some interesting ship designs. I'm still getting used to actual ship design, thruster placement affects the control dynamics of the ship, as it should, but the game could do better at helping with this process. I think this is something I will get used to as I play but it is a bit jarring when you first start.For the gameplay, Avorion is BIG. Really big. The thing I hated about Space Engineers was how everything felt so close to you yet would take ages for you to travel anywhere, it makes you feel like you're a snail in this tiny little box. Avorion is the polar opposite, you get a sense of volume and the true vastness of space, it's hard to describe but makes for such a difference. This is helped along by the frankly scary speeds you are able to travel at and you quickly appreciate having a bit more space to move about in. Jump drives allow for even greater speeds but work by popping you out of one sector into another with a loading screen. I think it's a shame this can't be done in real time, travelling through subspace and dropping in and out at will would be awesome but there's so many technical reasons this wouldn't be possible sadly. At least I can pretend that's what boosting is.The universe feels alive, there's things happening around you, whether it's a miner going about his business or a group of alien ships arriving to attack a rival faction you feel like you're a part of a natural world. Again I was shocked at how good this kind of detail is in such an early game.Combat can be quite fun, killing pirates is a good way of collecting better weapons and ship upgrades, plus it improves your standing with factions around you. Dogfighting looks pretty with lots of bullets and explosions going off, you can even see your shield kicking in when it's taking fire. I'm hoping there's laser weapons out there but I haven't found any yet.As far as cons go I feel most can be forgiven as teething issues at this stage, there is the occasional bug or glitch, or a frustrating UI mechanism but overall I feel these will disappear as the game moves along given the developer is active in the community.I would love to see some work done to the build system to make it feel more intuitive as it can take a while to find how to do something, or it takes several hotkeys and mouse clicks to do something that I feel should be easier to access, but I don't feel it ruins the game any, it just means my ships have a tendency to be a tad ugly while I figure everything out :)The UI can get quite busy, it took me a few minutes to find my friends reticle buried in with so many others in a populated sector, I think it's just a matter of some colour changes or something.I don't think Avorion is for everyone, yet. You should fully understand what Early Access means and be prepared to deal with problems or changes, but it is certainly better at this point then it's release date implies. I would hazard that it's the best experience I've had.Now please excuse me, I have a galaxy to explore."
,Recommended,445220,31842839,Posted: 19 May,all,Dinky1764,Keep up the great work. Hope to see more done with the crafting part.
,Recommended,445220,31891982,Posted: 21 May,all,aebiis,"All i can say is wow! This Game is amazingly fun even though it hasnt even been out for 6 months! I Highly Recomend this game if you enjoy space, building,star wars or anything like that. Or maybe you just want to have a peacefull game to play either way, have fun !"
,Recommended,445220,33742541,Posted: 23 July,all,Adam,"Best Played online with aload of mates, really fun game to chill and have a laugh on a sunday afternoon."
,Recommended,445220,33733016,Posted: 22 July,all,Clebaster,"The only gripe i have for this game is that the grind for both money to pay your crew and minerals to build bigger and better ships is beyond booring, even with a fleet wich is extremely annoying ""plz add ai types for the fleet ship captains. but build how you want, be what you want, and fight how you want."
76561198072988356,Recommended,445220,33737300,Posted: 22 July,all,Catnapper,"Avorion is a great game if you have two moniters: one to see the latest news on humans being replaced by robots, and one for when Avorion isn't being exciting.No, really, the AI is robust enough that playing on the ground level (fighting, mining, salvaging, etc.) is a courtesy or something you do when you're bored, since everything except for arming ships, requisitioning ships, and (strangely enough) moving across systems can be done by your ships on their own. It's quite convenient when the early-game is being a mining drone from an RTS, and the late-game is playing the RTS."
,Recommended,445220,33758816,Posted: 23 July,all,YellowApple,"The GoodIt's a great game.  The build system is a huge improvement over most voxel-based building games.  Combat system is pretty decent.  Galaxy is huge.Linux (in my case: Slackware64-current on a laptop with both Intel and AMD graphics) is well-supported out-of-the-box; I've only tested so far on my laptop's dedicated graphics, but it seems to run great.The BadI've had a couple cases where the game would fail to launch a single-player server (more precisely: it'll succeed in launching the server, but will fail to actually make the connection).  I think this might have to do with a lack of network connectivity (when it happened, my wireless network connection was a bit spotty).  You'd think a server running on localhost would be unaffected by the lack of a LAN connection, but whatever.The UglyThe whole process of managing crew is painful.  The only way to change the number hired is via a slider (which is very difficult to use if there are more than 20 or so available crewpersons in a given category - that is, pretty much all categories aside from high-ranking officers).  The only way to assign/unassign/dismiss crew (aside from using the ""auto assign"" feature) is to repeatedly click a button, which becomes very annoying after 10 or so clicks.There are a lot of features which appear to exist but in a very undocumented state.  I still haven't figured out how to build fighters (something about squads?), for example, and it seems like I have to build a second ship in order to have a station founder (which seems silly; what's so special about the ""station founder"" that can't be done by an ""ordinary"" ship?).  Hopefully these will be fleshed out before release.The Workshop is a goddamn mess of categories.For what this is, $17.99 is a bit steep right now.  I'd have much less buyer's remorse once there's more content/features and UI polish.  Still a great game with a lot of potential, though; hopefully my investment will pay off."
76561198302335596,Recommended,445220,33795484,Posted: 25 July,all,Radium_Bullet,"Avorion is an in-depth space shooter where you can build your own ship. You start out as a drone and gather materials to build a small, bad ship and can eventually gather enough materials and money to make whatever you want, even a creative mode for those who are impatient. There is a story that will keep you occupied for DAYS as you try to reach the center of the galaxy.You can do whatever you want. Wish to be a miner? You can. Wish to be a trader? You can. Wish to be a mercenary? You can. Wish to be a smuggler? You can? Wish to be a pirate? You can. Wish to raid another faction or make your own with stations? You can. There are many events to keep the game interesting. You may face pirate or alien raids or even raids from another faction. There are several interesting bosses, weapons, and computer upgrade modules.There is also a multiplayer, although I have done almost entirely singleplayer.If you aren't sure about this game, try the demo. It has nowhere near as many features as the full game of course, but might give you a decent feel if this is for you.Also to note this will be able to run on a lower end pc, but since right now it uses your computer as the server, you may face lag on a poor pc (ships spinning endlessley and not taking damage). A high-end computer completely fixes this problem. Also to note this is so far the only game on my high-end gaming rig that has caused the fans to turn up.Definitely recommend if you like building or space games."
76561198059080137,Recommended,445220,33541879,Posted: 14 July,all,Daoster,The biggest threat to the galaxy isn't aliens it's collision damage.10/10 would crash into asteroid again
,Recommended,445220,33702126,Posted: 21 July,all,Ethanpow,"I shouldn't need to explain my recommendation since of the videos showing gameplay and now alliance update is out.If your a fan of the X series (Terrain conflict, X3, etc.) enjoy homeworld and wish you can play more like a mmo? then this game will be the closest you gonna get yet to a sci-fi hard-on controlling fleets or making a single ship to combat factions.There is a main storyline or you can do your own thing... Its ideal to head closer to the center and I hope new styles allow you to start in the center and better ores on the outter rim, But I disgress.designing does require you to get used to it, It doesn't feel natural at first. Once I got some sense of the controls I was able to get used too it."
76561198262987629,Recommended,445220,33636717,Posted: 18 July,all,srkauch,"Nice game.  I would sooner purchase my ships.  I find spacecraft creation fun, but a little hard to make it the way I want it to come out.  A lot of variables to take into account.  The rest of the game is awesome.  Love the galaxy creation system and how it expands as you go."
,Recommended,445220,33600135,Posted: 16 July,all,hOLDtHEdOOR,"I'm upvoting because it really is a good game and it's sure to get better even tho right not alot of things have gotten me frustrated but the community is pretty cool so that helps calm me down.Pros; You can build anything that you can put your mind to or you can download something awseom from the workshop,Combat is smoothbuild stations and asteroid mines.Cons; Combat can be too frequent and unpredictableFarming can be buggy and slow but updates promise to improveedit; con, there is a giant void ring around the center that forces a storyline on you. If you want a sandbox game dont expect to be able to get to the top level without ooing a very tedious set of storyline missions."
,Recommended,445220,34107577,Posted: 8 August,all,Prometheus,"i have found myself addicted to this neat little game, there is just something magical about voxel games isnt there ?"
76561198050034098,Recommended,445220,34091254,Posted: 7 August,all,tomince,"Lots of fun and lots of room for expansion to this game.  Solid dev team as well, takes their time with changes and doesn't try to over extend."
,Recommended,445220,34116260,Posted: 8 August,all,kelmar6821,"You put the blocks on the spaceship, you blow 'em all up."
,Recommended,445220,31632025,Posted: 8 May,all,A E S T H E T H I C C,"After playing Avorion for a few hours I believe I can give a bit of a better review of the game.First off at the current state its still in Early Access so theres a bunch of balancing issues and bugs. A lot of features dont work, droprates are a bit wonky, etc - but hey the devs gave a warning on the shop page so I knew I was going into a non-perfect game.Despite all the ""unfinished"" content or balancing issues this is a great game. I like to compare it to a combination of Space Engineers meeting Galaxy on Fire. Depending on your favourite aspect of the game, you can spend a ton of hours into each of the ""branches"": Combat, Mining, Salvaging, Missions, etc. I run the game in singleplayer and just go exploring on the map, trying to level up my ship.The scale and rng of this game is immense. I mean you can spend hours exploring and every now and then a random event pops up and you go ""wow that's pretty good"" or you leave a sector with a smirk. Again this also makes for a very grindy game so be prepared for that, it's not a instant gratification type of game. It's tough, it's a marathon and not a sprint. But it's awesome if you give it a chance.The combat is pretty basic and the AI isnt perfect yet, but with the different weapon types you can switch a lot of battles up.Overall I can recommend this game to anyone who is into space sandbox and is willing to stick a lot of time into their world - you wont be dissapointed with the amount of content for the price."
76561198350904488,Recommended,445220,34158918,Posted: 10 August,all,Swiftly Rising,"I loved the game as soon as I played it. Everything from how absurdly customizable your ship is, to flight, is very well done.Pros: Actual physics-ey.You can't just build a 2by4 and expect it to fly. You gotta have thrusters, and engines, and gyros and all sorts of cool stuff to make your ship work.One itty-bitty con.Combat is a little boring. Sure, it's really cool to see the laserbullets and laserbeams (bullets and lasers?), but it's just a matter of how much more pieces do you have on your ship than the other guy. Shields add to the little boring part of combat, but they're making an update to fix that later :DOverall, GREAT GAME, totally worth the 18 bucks. (or fifteen when I got it I think)"
76561198170828994,Recommended,445220,34803763,Posted: 7 September,all,Jar Jar Binks,Having played games like space engerneres and from the dephs i found the bulding system a bit weard to controle and how the game is very diferent to most others but i might have to just get used to it. My bigest problem though is how how much you can buld has more to do with credits than reasorces so you have to sell reasorces to get credits. You also spend an age jumping from system to find the reasorce to upgrade your jump drive and that is what i have been doing for the mejority of the time.Overall not a bad game just a strange one ( I think )HOWEVER.... The creative mode is quite fun! You still have to find wepens and upgrades so there's still some goals but you dont have to get credits or reasorces.
76561198078948523,Recommended,445220,34906637,Posted: 12 September,all,mario.vrcan,i dont have that much hours ingame but :D ... we all recodnize a good game after playing 20-30 hours... in this game i will certanly spent more hundred hours... sure its early acces and it has its issues and it could be better but how much i can see they make an effort to improve it... it is woth the money if you like sandbox/minecraft/spacegames :)
76561198155014123,Recommended,445220,34950043,Posted: 14 September,all,Commader Ross,Its a pretty good game a bit grindy but addicting
,Recommended,445220,35044823,Posted: 18 September,all,Ashslayer,"I like the game a lot, but I also ****ing hate it!Here's just a fraction of what makes it terrible:Load screens take foreverOntop of that, your ship actually loads into the sector before you have loaded, so♥♥♥♥♥♥can mess you up completely out of your control. Obviously this shouldn't happen before you press space to load, but it does.Friendly AI will fly into your weapons, causing you to lose reputation rapidly.Automatic weapons will sometimes target FRIENDLY units, causing you to lose tens of thousands of rep if you look away for 10 seconds to enjoy a funny cat video.If you warp to a scrapyard while your turrets are set to auto, your ship will start to salvage random wrecks near the spawn point 60 seconds before you can even press space to load and cancel it, causing you to go from maximum 100 000 rep to -100 000 rep. Let me tell you, it is impossible to earn that back thanks to how the game is developed!Why do wrecks even spawn at the spawn point?! Keep that♥♥♥♥♥♥with the rest of the salvage!You work really hard to build yourself a little empire and a reputation, just to have bad game mechanics take it all away from you while you can't even do anything to stop it.The pros:It's funIt has the best building system in any block sandboxThere are lots of weaponsThere are many ways to play the gameIt has actual gameplay, although little to no lore"
76561197984300496,Recommended,445220,35039269,Posted: 17 September,all,Hartwich,Enjoying the game very much!
76561198112984827,Recommended,445220,35253567,Posted: 27 September,all,Smitty Jagerman,"Wow, I've built many a ""blocky"" spaceship in the past before in... other titles, but never have they had so much purpose and been put to such legitimate use in a living, immersive game world.  And don't worry, with enouigh practice and patience your ship can go from blocky to about as beautiful as your creativity allows over time anyhow.The developers are taking this title in the right direction, no doubt about it.In its current state there is a bit of repitition but it's obvious more content is yet to come.  I have no major issues with it personally, a few minor bugs but not worth mentioning in a review... might make a forum post about those separately.However, what I am most hopeful for to be added throughout the development process is more ""random encounters"", unpredictability or mysterious locales, objects, lore, etc.In stumbling upon one of the late game sectors of space, the act of simply hyperjumping into something unknown, after hours of somewhat tedious travel around the galaxy, the feeling was... amazing to say the least... and sooo rewarding.This would be my one major input for the game in its current state.Keep up the good work Boxelware!"
76561197972671853,Recommended,445220,35034325,Posted: 17 September,all,sardekar,"This game is way too addictive. Its like Minecraft but smarter, or like eve but dumber. Eitherway it fits me well. It is still lacking a lot of polish, but it has real potential."
76561198177120657,Recommended,445220,35038182,Posted: 17 September,all,P_I_N_A_13,"To be honest, i thought it'll be too many d1ck-shaped ships in the random servers, but guess what.THERE ARE A LOT MOREI love the random people10/10 will play"
76561198004538351,Recommended,445220,35055649,Posted: 18 September,all,Buzzerker,"Constructing a ship in this game is not as easy and user friendly as it should be. It feels like an alpha in that respect and should be improved. I haven't played the game since I bought it , currently have it deleted because I think I bought it too early in the early access development of it. Having said that I hope it gets better because it seems like it could be a cool game based on the short time I played it. I'm giving it another 3 months to let it cook longer. lol....get it if you don't mind a frustrating user interface. One word of warning , it's easy to get your ship blown to bits but not so easy to build a new one that's just as good or better."
76561198108739339,Recommended,445220,35070753,Posted: 19 September,all,Rookie,"Love to explore the universe!Suggestions: Smaller ships built by player can dock inside the mothership.When ship is controlled by AI, it can travel at full speed.More options for AI controled ship such as warping into another sector, escorting other ships.AI controlled ships can be set as defensive, aggresive and avoiding combat.AI ships can be controlled on Galaxy Map."
76561198062277457,Recommended,445220,35077671,Posted: 19 September,all,Doughnut Doggo,"This is a PERFECT example of how early access should be done. This is a game that has enough content to keep you entertained for easily 100 hours (I have 14 currently and have not even scrathed the surface) with more content incoming. IT has unique and in depth ship creator that does not take you hours to figure out alone and systems like trade to fleet commands to player alliances all ALREADY IN THE GAME! I KNOW! NOT A ""IT WILL"" A ""IT HAS""!!! The AI is surprisingly intelligent they all properly interact within there factions and respond to enemies and do not crash dumbly into rocks. The scaling and faction interactions all are amazingly well done. I am very happy with this game knowing with what it has I would not mind paying more. I look forward to what the developers have more for this game as they already have the perfect full title release to polish and play with."
76561197995356716,Recommended,445220,35339602,Posted: 30 September,all,Sire Trasher,"Very good game...ik played it for weeks in a row. I don't play it anymore because the the storyline is shallow and it's lacking good content and stuff to explore/discover. This game has a lot of potential to be really great if p.e. there would be an in depth rpg element and better multiplayer (why not make a big universe consisting of countless galaxies ? possibilities to walk in space tations/cities and shop there...better set items with unique looks, painting on ships etc etc"
,Recommended,445220,35394490,Posted: 1 October,all,Dalamori,"An amazingly fun game.  Have played just shy of 400 hours at this point, and I would recommend this game to anyone who love/hated EVE Online.   EVE doesn't let you fly your ships personally; in Avorion, you can dogfight.   EVE doesn't let you build your own ships; Avorion does.  This game has completely replaced EVE Online for me."
76561198071099427,Recommended,445220,29654854,Posted: 2 February,all,Rantul,"I do recommend this game...Despite the lack of tech support the devs gave...It seems to work for most people without the runtime errors. I however was getting them all the time, although I have searched and tried every fix for it nothing has worked.  Now intead of crashing after a minute into the game its random from 2 minutes to hours, minor improvement and no thanks to the devs.Update:Runtime error seems to be fixed now, not sure what fixed it. Reinstalling the C++ library, new video card drivers? I question giving a recommend on the game after lack of tech support for my problem, I was ignored. Perhaps i should not recommend the game on principle..."
,Recommended,445220,35423624,Posted: 2 October,all,Mandrew,"Pretty cool ship creation game that lets you explore a massive galaxy. Mine, trade, fight, pirate, build and more! As it stands, the game can get a bit bland if played for too long, but that is just my opinion. Avorion is in its early stages, and I'm sure it has the potential to be an amazing game!"
76561198028142115,Recommended,445220,35424669,Posted: 2 October,all,Ragga Moofin,One of the best 4x games going.
,Recommended,445220,35460647,Posted: 3 October,all,☞RAGNAROS☜,"i got this game 1 week ago , i was scared that it isn't good enough or challenging but i was wrong , to spend 100 hours !! in the first week , this game is basically a hidden Jewel on Steam for those who want a mix between EvE Online and Minecraft flexibility"
76561198147498012,Recommended,445220,35474152,Posted: 4 October,all,Rappolt,"It's like an approachable version of EVE, but with building, And frequent updates, but small servers."
76561198127358266,Recommended,445220,35471157,Posted: 4 October,all,bloobath,Grate game if you like Space and or builing and want to test out what you make in a fight or or stick to your self you canthere are pireats and as far as i can tell you can become one of themthe fighting can get carry somt timethere is alot of info to take in but after a bit you will start to get a hang og things and every thing els falls in plcae but that dose not mean the game is easythere is at lest 100 hours of enjoyable play time
,Recommended,445220,35469412,Posted: 4 October,all,AzzA\\\\\,"Brilliant game! Very fun in its current iteration. I really enjoying playing it as is: exploring, upgrading my ship, traversing the void looking for rare asteroids and then getting stuck into a few dogfights; very cool.This game will only get better, definitely worth a buy!"
,Recommended,445220,35458418,Posted: 3 October,all,I Stab You (With Nukes),"Do you like the adventure of exploring space?  Do you like creating new things in a minceraft-esque kind of way?  Avorion combines both of these into 1 game and with each update the game continues to improve!Pros:Can build a ship based on your playstyle!  Whether its a blocky chunk of a ship to a sleep and thin design.  The choice is yours!Claim asteroids and make stations to claim your territory in a galaxy!Missiles, Lasers, Cannon shells, Bullets!  Lots of ordinance flying around when you're flying.  It's an intense experience and if you're like me, it will always leave you in awe!Not sure what to design?  Check out the steam workshop and grab someone's blueprint!  There's some very excellent ones in there!   WARNING:  You many not have the materials to actually make them if you're starting out...Cons:Playerbase seems small... After updates, players will return and the amount of players to play with will surge but this tends to dissipate within a couple weeks after an update.  It's heartbreaking really..When pirates or AI factions are battling each other, if a player is in the same space, this will lag EVERYONE in the server, as long as a player is in that space.  This sucks and it won't resolve unless a server admin steps in or until someone stays in that space and clears it out themselves.On the above note... In large firefights amongst many ships, this can be very CPU intensive.Overall:It's a fun game and playing with friends amongst a friendly server with other players is an enjoyable experience.  However, with the small playerbase, you may find that you'll play this game more on your own unless you truly have a dedicated group of players that will consistently play this.   Due to this still being early access, some features are still in progress and may not appear for a while so make sure you understand what you are paying for!I would recommend buying this game as even the full price isn't a wallet buster and you'll definitely get your hours out of it!  But if you're a little on the fence, wait for the next sale!"
,Recommended,445220,30084846,Posted: 21 February,all,Minamitsu,"Never before have I been so impressed with all the little features that most wouldn't bother with.Great building system features:Can mirror X Y and Z at the same time, and change where it mirrors are centered.Can do things from simple block building to very smooth and detailed structures.Happy with your ship design but need to get something bigger? Just scale the whole thing up.Are you like me and not good at building from scratch? Use a shipyard to create a ship of the faction's style and build from there.If there are blocks in the middle of the ship you want to change, you can toggle visibility of blocks to see and edit the middle of your ship without changing the outside.And more :DGameplay:Make money as a general mercenary, miner, salvager, pirate, or trader.Make allies and enemies, and take part in random duels between opposing factions.Create your own stations and factories and control your own systems. Fly alone or build a fleet to fight with you.Ship control can be done in two different styles, as well as with the strategy mode.Build your own turrets and fully design your own fighters to use.No obvious up and down like with many space games.Visuals:For having a blocky building system, the game looks really great.You can find some really beautiful areas of space with detailed planets.The lighting, teztures, and effects look nice as well."
