user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197970739339,Recommended,445600,21913100,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Captain Chaos,"This is a first impression of the game and I will probably write more about it later.Void Raiders is a top down mouse-aim shooter-RPG with random level layouts and item drops, persistent character progression and lots and lots of bullets.I played a pre-release alpha build and was immediately enamoured of it, and for five bucks, this early access build is an excellent foundation. Though it lacks plot or characterization of any kind at present, it has good enough music and spritework to convey a sense of style: a dark, neon-lit, occasionally rain-soaked metropolis on... Neptune?It has three playable characters- Boris the Brawler, Tina the Gunslinger and Gudrun the Bladedancer, and of the three thus far I have had the most success with Boris, whose upgrades slowly turn him into a bullet-spewing tank. Tina puts out even more shots with her dual guns and has an entertaining special ability that causes her to spray bullets everywhere around her. Gudrun, with proper use of her blade-dashing and bullet-reflecting, is surprisingly survivable, and has a shotgun for when her sword isn't enough, but if you can't effectively use her sword to intercept incoming shots, she's by far the most fragile of the three.Stages are split up into floors. On each floor you must obtain a certain number of key items, either these metal boxes with pink lights or these glowing green datacubes, before the elevator to the next floor becomes available. Enemies respawn endlessly, but you get xp for every kill. They drop cash, ammo and the occasional health pickup. Cash can be used to purchase stat-boosting (more damage, higher crit chance, health back on critical hits, etc) items from in-level vendors, one item per vendor, and you also get a choice of three items to buy between floors. However, you don't know what you're getting if you buy the in-level items, and in roguelike fashion, these items are lost when you die.There's another review on here mentions the somewhat sluggish player movment, noting that you often have no choice but to ""take the hits"", and I'm inclined to agree, but if anything that's the game's only real shortcoming apart from not-yet-added features. However, I personally feel like the current level cap of 10 for each character is a tad low- admiteddly, leveling only gives you skill points, with the actual stat increases instead coming from upgrading your armor using components earned from defeating the bosses. I can only hope these upgrades have no cap, or at least a high one, as the game still becomes very difficult in later stages. Interestingly, I noticed that the difficulty increases not per stage but rather at certain time intervals in the length of your run- if you waste time, things will only get harder, but you might miss out on extra funding and items.I've played a lot of roguelikes and am glad to see another one with character experience and skills that carry over between runs. I hope that, like Rogue Legacy, or Galak-Z's arcade mode, victory in this game is an eventuallity, or at least a reasonable possibilty as in Ziggurat."
,Not Recommended,445600,23557616,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,asurastorm,"I bought this game day of release and honestly after playing it a few times, I really can't stand it. the ability to progress is based less around actual player skill and more about luck. You're pretty much soaking up bullets and hoping you can make it to the next boring objective. the progression system is negligible and you can fully level up your characters after a few agonizing hours of dying on objects that should clearly labeled as solid. I guess  the constant waves of enemies are supposed to give you a sense of urgency but i feel like it's a really cheap way of doing so that totally destroys any reason to try and explore levels making this a boring scramble from one objective to the next. maybe if the character progression was a little deeper and there was more ways to deal with the constant bullets other that soaking them up and hiding behind cover that you rarely know was there in the first place it might be playable till then this is the first game I have regretted buying on steam. 4/10"
,Recommended,445600,22872549,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Primal,"Great early access game with lots of potential. There's a good variety to the play style of each character, and it feels more like an RPG shooter than a bullet hell. Play if you were disappointed with Enter the Gungeon or want something where there's more of a feeling of progress."
76561198056443040,Recommended,445600,22222257,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Slothy Slotherson (S0uljynx),"First off let me say that this game is extremely fun, and is most definately worth the $5 i spent on it. I honestly was not expecting to much as it seemed a lot like a nuclear throne rip off or something along those lines and did not seem interesting at all, but i said ""screw it let me try it and see how i like it!"" and i honestly dont regret buying this. it is a really fun game to play and it gets fairly addictive.Now this isnt to say that it does not have its flaws. this is a early access game so of course there are bugs, i mean even in fully released games there are bugs everywhere. As of this game nothing is really hugely gamebreaking there are moments where u want to smash your keyboard in because of the annoyingness of some of the mobs but that is the fun part of this game. you dont really know what to expect really. As of this review there are only 3 characters, however with 2 customisable trees for each character it adds up to multiple fun ways to play the game. there definetly needs to be more characters / weapons / and levels because after a while killing the same mobs kinda gets old.Overall though the game is really fun to play so i rate this an 8/10 as far as it being a early access. I definetly recomend you to buy this if you have the $5 and want something entertaining. The creator responds to your feedback and takes into consideration what you say so i see this game having a promising future!"
,Not Recommended,445600,21886713,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"Edit: the developers have addressed some of the issues on day 2 after launch. This is promising, and I'll keep playing and will keep my review up to date.---Wait to buy and instead wishlist this game, for now. The price is totally great for the product given at this point, but if you are leary of anything that comes with Early Access, I'd totally wait.AlthoughVoid Raidersis its own thing, there isalotof influence ofNuclear Thronehere (which is wayyy better at this point, but then again its been around a long time and basically created a subgenre spawning games like this one).Essentially, you get to choose out of three playable characters (more to come) which all have their own stats and unique weapons.LikeNuclear Throneyou have a primary and secondary weapon. They all feel different which is good. The cool thing about the characters is that they have metagame permanent RPG-style level up ability with a small tech-tree that you can kind of choose how to build the character (its really limited, but fun none-the-less).Otherwise this is pretty much a spray-and-pray affair.Pros:+Price is really cheap for the level of content.+The fun factor definately increases with time. It starts out really really slow.+Level up system is fun, although it needs to be modified - currently it can simply be boiled down to a 1st level grind. You can (and I did for a bit) just sit on the first level over and over to grind XP to level up. It may actually be the smart thing to do, idk.Meh:=For the boasting about the music, its ok, but considering all the great music in indie gaming; I wouldn't buy the soundtrack.=The pixel art can be a bit muddy at times. Sometimes its hard to know what is the top of a box and the side, etc. Sometimes the art overall is simple (in particular I am talking about the actual playable character models).Cons:-Overall, the game needs more of its own identity.Yeah it seperates itself a bit fromNuclear Throne, but when it does, it mostly just goes into some other mechanic thats been done by some more successful game(s). This can be corrected.-Most importantly, your character is too slow and/or the bullets are too fast.Even with speed upgrades, many times I just have to take the bullets. There is no sprint or dodge-roll. It seriously eliminates alot of the strategy. It makes it brute force, when it should be anything but.-There is polish that could be easily done, that needs to be. For example, characters that are non-selectable at the moment should have a tool-tip that says 'coming soon' etc. It can be confusing.Shops apparently are also not available, although it looks like it. I mean, is it a glitch? Is it me? Are they available or not? It would take moments to make a tooltip for these situations.Its still not the best, but the developer's explained the shrines to me.-The level load times should be reduced (it breaks momentum), and the small 'cutscene' scanning the level is functionless and just wastes time. What are you trying to show us?-No options menu or graphics options, etc.Found this thanks to dev help-I get a bit of lag on both my gaming rig and mid-end laptop. No bigs, but it should be noted.Its cheap, and the content is there but needs further refinement. I will not refund or anything, and look forward to this game further seperating itself from competitors and really becoming its own thing.Peace,"
,Recommended,445600,23228466,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Icky,"Very well done and constantly updated/evolving twin-stick shooter.It's a game where you'll not get much help from within the game but for sure in the community.  The reason I say this is there are lots of pickups that you get and save from run to run that come into play throughout the run and also equipping your 3 raiders.It's a bit hard at the start to put this together if you dont' know anything [I picked this up day -1] but once you get used to those and understand how they work; you can tweak your raider with skills and items, both initial setup as well round to round.I've really gotten to like this and it's a shame that it doesn't log time while offline :(  I have way more hours in offline mode as my kids talk to their friends on the account.It's a great time, it has progression and it's a shmup so what's not to like?"
76561197970924907,Recommended,445600,22245938,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,BERZERKER,"Great Rogue-type twin stick, very addictive gameplay, and I haven't even listened to the soundtrack yet.  All the best stuff from my 80s and 90s arcade upbringing in one nice package, I haven't had this much fun since Ikari Warriors.  Do yourself a favor and buy it, and support this good effort.Edit:  I add this part at the end in case any other developers read reviews for other games to try to understand what makes something so popular or attractive to users.  I would say this developer pays an appropriate amount of attention to the visual effects, not so much that they ovewhelm or that the game loses focus, but it makes a really nice ""paint job"" on top of great mechanics (which seem very well-tweaked).A lot of other games, including ones I have bought but not played lately, seem almost to this level, but are just missing that extra variety in the color palette or visual effects to stay up to date with modern games.Here's a hint -- if the visuals on things like Bejeweled look head and shoulders better than your game, it needs some shine.  This developer used relatively low-pixel 8-bit style graphics and gave it the right shine to make it do its magic, with very simple yet effective art.  I consider this game to be a model for other developers in its class, and feel very happy with my investment, to the point that I have shown it to coworkers and family.  Kudos, and may your competition learn from your efforts."
,Recommended,445600,22233606,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,SilverDarkBlade,This may be kinda biased as i have been playing since early alpha but this game is VERY fun and a great early access title. Worth the 5 bucks for sure.It is a bullet hell rouge lite with permanent character leveling.
,Recommended,445600,33680985,Posted: 20 July,all,InkiCrow,"I love shooters, and roguelikes as well. This game kinda makes you feel overpowered sometimes, especially with the sounds. The maps are randomized so there more replayability, and the difficulty ramps up on the spot as you kill hordes of enemies. My only downside of this game is that there's not much to unlock. I already have all three characters at level 10 (max level cap) and all that is left are the trophies.If there are a few thing I want this game to have is more unlockables, increase the level cap, and especially more characters.Other than that, the game is mighty fun. Definitely recommend."
76561198023162459,Recommended,445600,28765285,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Fb|| Bonecrusher,"This game isn't bad for what it is. My computer seems to have this green line sometimes at the bottom. Also just as a hint, there seems to be a little to much screenshake when shooting. But honestly after a couple minutes i got used to it. I like this game and i reconmend it."
,Recommended,445600,22729598,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Doi,This is well worth $5. The gameplay is fun and the visuals are nice.The wide variety of enemies and randomly generated levels makes each floor of this game unique.What I would like to see added:More CustomizationMore Characters
,Recommended,445600,23595533,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Kingineer NSW,10/10Better than Nuclear throne
,Recommended,445600,29418161,Posted: 22 January,all,⎝『Foxy Hyena』⎠Rio,"pretty fun and addicted game, some problems with scripts of the enemies (for example, the dead script it's the exact same on everyone) but despite of that, it's pretty cool"
,Recommended,445600,24238483,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Hobbes,"Twinstick + Vodka + Pixel Graphics + MAXIMUM SPEED COMRADE + Science Fiction = HilarityPlayed Enter the Gungeon? Felt like it was a bit too slow? Needed things ramped up to eleven? Wanted more *thump* to your soundtrack? Maybe add a bit of persistence to the mix as well? Void Raiders has your back. This crazy Russian infused twinstick roguelite takes a lot of the core concepts and then just turns *everything* up to eleven, visual effects, colours, music, screenshake, you name it.It's a bit like if someone decided Pacman and Enter the Gungeon needed some time in a hotel room with LSD and Viagra, and a ""Best of Barry White"" album, and this is the result. It's mayhem, beautiful, barely controlled mayhem, and it's entirely hilarious. You have next to no idea what's going on half the time as there's a ridiculous number of projectiles whizzing about in the later levels, you're reacting quite literally on instinct as you simply go ""KILL EVERYTHING!"", and well, that's about the size of it.There's lockers you pilfer using credits that rain down from the sky like it's AdVenture Capitalist, giving you various statistical buffs to keep you more or less alive as you work your way through the ever increasing levels of madness, eventually running into bosses who SUDDENLY require some level of thought because their guns go from ""Slightly dangerous"" to ""OW OW OW MY FACE"".  I was going to compare this to another game that uses the same kind of stat system - Hero Siege - but that game is NOWHERE near as crazy, or fast paced. This thing is in a league which sits near things like Ubermosh and proper bullet hell type arrangements.Damn the bullets and torpedoes, WE NEED MORE POWER!Between runs there's a simple talent tree setup to steadily increase the starting power of each of the three Void Runners (I'm not sure if there's more you can unlock, or more planned, there needs to be, this game deserves ongoing support), there's a relic vault you can unlock persistent buffs for your runners once you've kekked a few bosses, the bar allows you to choose starting buffs or tweak what kind of things you get out of the supply drops, and the whole thing has this wonderful sense of ongoing growth and expansion that keeps you coming back for ""Just one more try"", because you'll always be getting stronger, even when you lose.The enemies are simple bullet sponges, but they fit the themes, and they're definitely not to be underestimated, there's some that are deliberate ""Wolf in mook clothing"" types that WILL near as damnit one shot you if you're dumb enough to not pay attention to their wind up animations. The Bosses demand respect, naturally, and health and ammo is not as frequent as the credit rain that comes along through the levels.Closing throughtsThis game is a gem that deserves your attention. It's a russian infused, vodka laden gem that's entirely bonkers, and if you love twinsticks, well, this one will certainly grab you hard and not let go, just be ready for a fast and furious ride, because good grief, it hits top gear right out of the gate, and then it gets *faster*. If you like sedate games, run, run fast, this game is anything BUT sedate.Verdict :Highly Recommended"
,Recommended,445600,23712737,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Kinix,"So far, I am in love with this game. I guess I'll do a pros and cons list for this onePROS:- graphics- sound effects- shooting is satisfying- lots of power ups that stack ( kinda like Risk of Rain, or more comparable to this, Dungeon Souls )- replayability- all enemies are fair- it is SOMETIMES possible to play super aggressive which is always fun- plays more like an arcade game more than a roguelike, but I like it that way- level generation is 90% fair- Tryzna ( the developer ) has answered 2/3 of my questions, great developer!CONS:- the 10% of generation that ISN'T always fair: sometimes you spawn in and there's too many enemies to deal with at once ( minor complaint, but what can you expect from a random number generator )- dodging isn't really possible outside of using cover, the character is too slow and the bullets are too fastI give this game a SOLID 9/10 and look foward to spending lots of time with the game :)"
,Not Recommended,445600,30700229,Posted: 24 March,all,Cheridan,"A budget mix of Nuclear Throne with some of the roguelike mechanics of Risk of Rain.Gameplay consists of blasting baddies on the way to collectables to unlock the elevator to the next floor of baddies. Similar to Risk of Rain, there's a timer at the top of the screen that raises the difficulty of enemies as it ticks upward, so speed is encouraged. Enemies constantly spawn in on top of you, ruining any tactical feel from the top-down action. Damage done by enemies seems to vary between ""nothing to worry about"" and ""oops you died"", rarely striking a happy medium.There are 3 characters, each with 2 very small skill trees of passive abilities to upgrade. The characters are rather bland. Boris, for example, can hold LMB to shoot, or hold RMB to... shoot faster.The pixel art visuals are amateurish and unattractive. Obstacles such as crates and tables, enemies, and treasure-containing lockers all melt together in a difficult-to-read blob of dark pixels.There's no tutorial and virtually no explanation of game mechanics. There's a bartender who allows you to select a drink, which gives you various bonuses. One of these is ""Start the game with 2 datacores and 2 void cores."" I still have no idea what void cores are, though I think they're the green boxes you find as objectives.All in all, it feels like an uncompleted Early Access title. With more characters, extended skill trees, a visual makeover, and some mechanical polish the game could be a solid pickup. Ultimately however, you're better off grabbing one of the games that clearly inspired it, such as Nuclear Throne, Risk of Rain, or Neurovoider."
,Recommended,445600,21883396,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Hemmingjay,"Bliss.          Combine smash hit games Nuclear Throne and Risk of Rain and you get Void Raiders. There are two excellent systems at play that make this game work. First you have the temporary character upgrades/pickups during the gameplay. You are able to purchase one of three upgrades between randomly generated levels and these stay with you until you die. They are pickups such as a thorn halo that hurts enemies close to you or an increased critical chance. These are welcome but incremental, almost anemic, upgrades. They help once you stack 5 or more of each but initially they won't do you much good.The second system that makes this game work is the permanent character progression. You start with 3 selectable characters and as you play with each they level up. Upon levelling up they get skill points that you can apply to two different skill trees for each character. These are serious improvements and you will likely die a lot at first with each new character. However, once you apply 2 or 3 skill points your character becomes a death-dealing, apocalypse wielding, mayhem spitting machine. To take it one step further for you progression junkies, there are 3 equipment upgrades as well. While beating levels you will earn four different resources and each hardware upgrade uses 2 different, very rare, resources. This will likely be the slowest upgrade path and it seems to be an odd choice at this point given that they appear to be fairly week changes.This is early access though and the game isn't without it's potential improvements. To be a true classic it needs to tighten up the controls/responses. A real SHMUP needs lightning fast movement and tight controls. The game currently is a little swimmy and the shooting feels off, inaccurate. That might be due to the impossible cursor/aimpoint that is lost in the oversaturated graphics. I'm not a graphics snob and I love pixel art as much as the next guy but I find the lighting, color choice and minimalist art to hurt the experience a little. At the same time the individual art is charming at times and shows real talent. I just think the art direction could benefit from more consistent style and a little more restraint on light effects.I think this is a true gem in the making. Great work Tryzna83"
,Recommended,445600,26296763,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Godfather Mario (Official),"This is good, especially the extreme shooting part, but this game can start to annoy you if you die several times or a lot, which dying a lot in this game can really a ♥♥♥♥ing pain in the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!HOWEVER, if you want this game, then you can buy it."
76561198127634744,Recommended,445600,28248537,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,GooSmile,Its a good game  i like it
76561198037080732,Recommended,445600,22477659,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Gentleman,"this is a pretty fun game, cool feature that you can lvl up your toons, getting new talents, and upgrading thir gear. Hope to see more characters to choose from (more customization for them too maybe!), and more biomes! but really fun so far ^_^"
76561198254065242,Recommended,445600,21958457,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Max larcenies,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hx1ei1FtZs8I breakdown Void Raiders for you guys.
76561198054652555,Recommended,445600,22800981,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,DOOM HAMMER,a little nice game
76561198243422796,Recommended,445600,23293927,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Zarthiv,Best scroller shooter on the market. I love it! please continue to update this game.
,Recommended,445600,22215217,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,eXcruciate,"So far so good. I already like this infinitely better than Nuclear Throne, which it is very similar to in terms of combat and weapon sounds, because it gives me a chance to not die quickly over and over again because it actually gives me some♥♥♥♥♥♥♥hit points. Nuclear Throne gives you 8. This game gives you 100+. That is the single only reason that I found NT challenging. Despite giving you so much hp, this game is challenging. Enemy bullets travel fast (too fast), enemies travel fast, and they respawn infinitely on each stage and they respawn often. And that is one of the biggest problems I have with this game is that enemy projectiles travel too fast. You cannot avoid gunfire and will always take massive amounts of dmg. It really does need to be toned down if they want this game to have any shelf life. And I'm not bad, most gunfire/lasers are just unavoidable. The objective is to collect four pink things in the level then the elevator is ready and you backtrack to it to go to the next stage. The game gets increasingly hard from very easy to hard and so on, exactly like in Risk of Rain. Another thing that makes it more enjoyable than Throne is that you can get permanent character skill upgrades, like crit chance and the ability to have a gundrone. K&M controls work great and you even get a nice red laser to help you aim in case you lose your crosshair in the action which you will like in most top down shooters.GraphicsThe graphics are done well although they need to be cleared up because the rooms can get confusing as to what you can or cannot walk over/around. I am often wasting bullets shooting into a pillar that blends into the background or I have to try and decipher how I want to navigate a room while ten guys are wailing on me with lasers.Sound/MusicAwesome! I love the music and the gunfire booms loudly.There are some things I hope get fixed up, like how on one stage I was staying locked in one room and running out of ammo because the little white ninja slice guys wouldn't quit respawning and running at me. They need to tone down those guys respawn rate and make them take a little less dmg to kill. Also when the girl character runs out of ammo she just simply wont fire but once every few seconds making her only useful if you have energy for her special move and get lucky and get a ammo drop. The other big problem is that end of level rewards are useless unless you can stack them multiple times. The problem is that the game gets hard very quickly so that's not going to happen and even if it could, end rewards are random. Double end level reward bonuses to fix this.It's an early access game so of course it needs a lot of work, such as a better UI, better menus, more instructions, more options, more content, more coherent level design for less confusion, more clear item buying during a level so you don't miss it, character improvements, slow down enemy bulets, lessen respawn rate, more clear goals, more varied goals, explanation of why I need to use green build credits to enter certain side areas, and so on. So far they are on the right track and depending how much they put into this game it could turn out awesome.6.5/10 so far"
76561198262077389,Recommended,445600,23603954,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Autobot Scrounge,This is litterally the best ♥♥♥♥ing game of all time get this and that hole in your life will be filled to to the brim.
76561198290254666,Recommended,445600,23762300,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Player Two,Really enjoy this game. Fun bullet dodger with great upgrades that really make you come back for more. Check out my gameplay for more excitement!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9qtYZlzle8I
76561198263310963,Recommended,445600,24675793,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Monsterbuster08,HARD but  fun
,Not Recommended,445600,22871783,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,sq33k,"Since there's no ""neutral"" the game gets a thumbs down.  It's *okay*, but only just.  And it's not worth the price tag.  A lot of the game depends on ""luck"", which level you end up generating.  Sometimes you might get a very difficult first level and get destroyed, sometimes it'll be the second level, sometimes you'll make it to the boss.  I hate games that rely that much on luck though.  Hero Siege is much more fun, has more classes, more abilities, more replayability, and is cheaper."
,Not Recommended,445600,28848203,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Sodapop,"The game is hard. That's fine.But it's also tedious.Dozens of enemies are constantly on you and it gets overwhelming because of that. The visual effects on projectiles make it hard to differentiate them and its hard to dodge them due to them being everywhere. You also get spawnkilled quite often by the enemies which is very frustrating.If this was less bullet hell and more shooter this game would be great but its just not for me. Upgradable weapons are nice though and leveling does make you stronger but I just couldn't play for too long without just giving up. The characters are generic and just seem like generic gunners. This game was around 2$ while I bought it, and despite the cheapness I had to refund simply because there are much better games I could've bought."
76561198154032831,Not Recommended,445600,25620237,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,svenskdeg,"all the visuals are giving me a headache...nothing even makes sense and i really feel there isn't enough to do, it's like a minigame.thankfully it does have visuals, seems challenging enough and isn't that expencive.oh and also if you look beyond the constant headache you will have while playing i think the visualls are pretty damn amazing and the music are really good aswell. tho it just doesn't cut it for me...in the end tho i really wouldn't recommand it, i think it should be free to play in order to prevent people having the go through the paying or asking their parents process. otherwise somewhere around 3£ or below would do"
,Not Recommended,445600,26907771,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Godamn_Milkman,"This game throws you into a hot mess and leaves you there.Unlear on the goal.It tells me to make sure to remember to spend upgrade points, but I can't find where to spend them.It's a bad game."
