user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,446020,28693704,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Real Soviet Bear,"I grew up in Yugoslavia and then in what was left of it - Serbia. My family's primary vehicle until last year was a Yugo. We used it for a total of 27 years.Jalopy deals with a complicated and extremely depressing time of the Eastern bloc and Balkans. Having a car like a Laika wasn't about customization, it was about having a cheap car that broke down all the time and you had to create a Frankenstein monster by mixing and matching various off-brand or generic parts from other, better vehicles. Adding flaming decals to a cheap car was a clear example of the time: showing prestige on something cheap and pathetic, because that's all you could get.Jalopy isn't a depressing game, but it's a very good timepiece. Travelling somewhere else felt nice, soothing, because you were surrounded by the beautiful vistas of the region. Going to a shop felt depressing because they were empty. You wonder why every gas station doesn't have spare tires, but that's what it was like - you were lucky to find basic things. The cities are cold, the motels are bare (and the toilet can't even flush), the border patrol sometimes takes ages to check your papers, making you wonder whether you did something wrong...But in all of this, it does the gamey things of giving you loot in boxes left on the road, letting you find abandoned Laikas with spare parts, scrap yards with mini puzzles to solve and rare parts inside. It does this, because everything you do lets you make your Laika better, more reliable. Because something as silly as making a horrible car be less horrible was the type of absurd solace people found back then.It's not about pimping a ride, making a silly car, surviving in the wilderness, or anything like that. It's about capturing a moment in time, the state of millions of people through gameplay of mundane activities.If that's something you can appreciate and think you can enjoy, Jalopy is the game for you. I can't wait for the full release."
,Recommended,446020,22604755,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,TribalBob,"11:30 at night; the country road stretches out before me for miles, yet with my low-powered headlights I can only see a few dozen feet ahead of me.  The mud is so caked on over my windshield, I squint through a small portion not covered in order to see ahead.  Almost at the next gas station, just a few more minutes - but my engine suddenly begins to smoke before dieing, only enough fuel to pull to the side of the road.  A frustrated sigh, I turn on my hazards before stepping out onto the road beginning to walk by foot to the station when it starts raining.  Perfect.When you hear the term 'roguelike', you usually envision an RPG or a shooter in which you play until you die (and you will eventually die) before restarting with your saved progress and taking another shot.  I would have to say that even if the developers of Jalopy don't classify their game as such, it's probably the first roguelike driving simulator I've ever played.How can a game about driving a beaten up old car endlessly down a road with far less graphic fidenlity and less linear routes than something like Euro Truck Simulator be fun?  Mainly it's because this game initially comes off as very basic, it's actually very, very deep.Really, the car is you - that is to say you play a human driving the car and you can get out and sleep in Motels, or purchase coffee in gas stations, but really the car is your identity.  It starts out very basic with a cheap engine, small fuel tank and standard road tires but over time, you can earn enough money to upgrade everything about it.  Just like leveling up an RPG character and distributing skill points, you're improving this care on your endless journey and yet it's no less compelling.  Do you find yourself running out of gas frequently?  Get a larger capacity fuel tank.  Not going fast enough? Upgrade your engine.  Every component can be swapped out and changed, tailoring the car to your own personal preferences.As a player, you're limited to what you can carry in your hands at any given time, and you're limited to what you can bring in the trunk of your car.  You can usually fit the necessities - an extra fuel can or two, a repair kit, some water for coolant and some oil - but what about that box you found at the side of the road filled with coffee.  You could dump a fuel can to make room and sell it for profit, but what happens if you run out of gas...The intro story is farily basic at this point - you and your uncle go on a road trip from old Eastern Bloc Berlin.  Really though, the provided story simply acts as a launch point for a player run story.  You look back at experiences you have on this trip as the things that really stick out in your mind, like the time your car ran out of fuel under an overpass on the Autobahn and you had to walk 10 minutes in the pouring rain and pitch black to the nearest gas station to get a fuel can.And let's talk about the atmosphere for a moment - the graphics are heavily stylized, very dark and simple which only seem to add to the game's charm.  There's nothing more cozy than being in your car as the rain pelts down outside, muffled slightly thanks to the excellent audio design work.   The cheap motels you stop off at in each town and dark, almost too dark but then you're not really there to sight-see; you're there to catch a few hours of sleep before hitting the road once more.Being in Early access, the game is not without it's bugs; drivers tend to ignore your hazards and will sometimes plough into your car while you're parked on the side of the road trying to repair your engine.  Some objects don't work some of the time, and you can sometimes find yourself trying to highlight the object you want when there are several, larger items in the way.  The dialogue your uncle rambles on with would be interesting but due to the lack of voice work, it requires you to actually read it; something that is near impossible to do while driving down the road.Jalopy has all of the ingredients of a strangely quirky yet interesting game; and given enough time and polish, these elements could come together to make it something very special.  Even right now at $10, it offers up a decent amount of gameplay and replayability that's sure to keep you entertained even while slogging down a pitch black country road with a gas canister."
,Recommended,446020,32583584,Posted: 19 June,all,Empress Dowager,"I was careening through the mud-roads of Turkey, and my Trabant 601 had just about had it. I hadn't been to a repair shop since Yugoslavia, and all of my engine parts were in need of desperate repair. I couldn't stop at this point for fear of my engine not re-starting. Visibility is low. My journey has dragged late into the night, mud is everywhere, and my wipers are useless. Most of my navigation is done through my rolled down passenger side window.Then, I see it, the beautiful bridge that leads to the city of Istanbul. After lots of long dirt roads and poorer Communist countries, the sheer wealth of the bridge and ensuing city was overwhelming.Of course, at this moment, one of my tires blows. Earlier in my journey I had accidentally pushed my car while changing a tire, causing me to lose my jack. This meant that I would have to make it to the gas station to get a new jack, so I could change my tire.Another tire blew out before I finished the bridge. This left my car in all-out scramble mode. The handling was so shaky and the visibility so bad that it was at times better to drive in reverse. I had to avoid collisions at all costs, my car on its' last legs.Eventually, I find the gas station, just to have my Trabi stop about 10 feet short. Out of all things, I had ran out of gas. Somehow, I was prepared for this one with a full refill tank in the trunk. Soon, I had reached the gas station.But one final suspense remained: My funds. I was running low, and the only supplies I had managed to find were three bottles of wine. With the price fluctuating greatly, I could be walking out of the store with any amount of money, from a few measly mark all the way up to a few hundred mark.Luck was on my side as my wine sold for a couple hundred. I was able to make necessary repairs to my car, pay for the motel, and continue my journey.---This game is not complete, but there's a good 6-12 hours of gameplay there now. It's all about atmosphere, exploration, and patience. Each new town feels like an earned reward, much as traveling does in real life. As long as you embrace the journey without too much stress about your destination, this game will be a very rewarding experience."
,Recommended,446020,32215988,Posted: 6 June,all,Klush,I like the idea of driving a shitbox around eastern Europe.
,Recommended,446020,28072387,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Josh.,"I'm hooked, this is such a great game. I can't wait to see future updates.>runs out of fuel>no fuel can in the back>walks alongside by the road for 10 minutes>forgets his wallet in the car"
,Recommended,446020,22623569,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Amir,"Jalopy is a great game, but you should wait a little before buying it, the game as of right now (4/24/2016/) has too many bugs which make it unplayable. If you're able to deal with the bugs listed below and more then you should buy the game, I had a ton of fun despite the bugs.1. Cars run into your vehicle while pulled over on the side of the road, and it ends up piling up and causes a huge mess.2. Dialogue sometimes dissapears or is broken.3. If you drive off the road you end up going under the map and are forced to restart.4. Saving and quitting just restarts your game to day 1.5. During the later part of the game, after crossing the border, you're forced to cross a train track and your vehicle ends up being damaged, for me I didn't have a repair kit and the store ahead didn't have one either, and I was pretty much forced to restart.6. When crossing the boarder, one time the guard told me that it was closed even though I could cross easily, and when I tried to return to the motel I wasn't able to buy another room.7. The sorting in the trunk is horrible.There are probably a lot of other bugs in the game that I haven't seen yet or forgot to list, but as I said before you should probably wait until these bigs are fixed, as of right now I don't think the game is very playable, however I give it some slack since its early access."
76561198191797891,Recommended,446020,32000834,Posted: 27 May,all,Phantom,"This game is amazing! It has a really good concept and idea. Basically in this game it takes place during 1990 and you start out with a car called the Laika 601 Deluxe (based off a real German car called the Trabant 601 Deluxe) given to you by your uncle. You drive all across Eastern Europe and so far the countries you can drive through are Germany, CSFR (Czech and Slovak Federative Republic), Hungary, Yugoslavia, Bulgaria, and Turkey. Each country presents it's own challenges whether it's off road, rainy, or bumpy, etc. You have the ability to completely customize your car to your own style, you can upgrade your car with useful parts like the roof rack, tool rack, bull bar, and more. You can also change the engine which consists of the engine block, carburettor, air filter, ignition coil, fuel tank, battery and the water tank. For example you could make it be fast, fuel efficient, durable, etc. As well you can paint the car and put decals on it, you can even mix colors! Every time you travel to a country or from a country you are given three routes you can take, it shows you how long the route is, the weather, and what you may encounter on the route, like a gas station or pot holes for an example. While driving through routes you can find boxes or crates, when you open these you can find goods which you can keep or sell. You also can find broken down cars and you can steal parts from them. In addition AI driven cars are on the road, be careful not to hit them or you can get a ticket. You always need to be prepared for what happens, you can bring extra gas, oil, tires, water, etc. When you finish a route you arive at a town or city (depending what country your in) and you can find a gas station, motel, Laika shop, and a border to the next country. This game is fairly simple to pick up once you play for a bit and it has a well built tutorial in the beginning. The game does have some bugs right now but they aren't game breaking. This game has a very promising future, and the developers are always active. At times this game can get a little bit repetitive but all in all it's really fun! I would rate this game a 9/10 and if you are thinking about getting this game I promise you it's worth it! Oh, I forgot to say this but in my opinion I just love the realism of the interior of the car! I mean, it has the egnition, handbrake, radio, window wipers and so much more! This game just makes me feel like i'm actually in the car which I absolutely adore! Sorry the review is so long, it's just there's so much to say about the game!"
,Recommended,446020,26056134,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,madpavsam,"It's a great game, simple and oddly relaxing.It's a real adventure road trip, go in your Jalopy across East Europe.And that it, simple, right? No. You may crash, pop tire, run out of fuel, or windshield sinking in the mud and you can't see the road, forget about money and not settled in to a hotel etc..This game is simply one of my best,I love just sit back, relax, catch up some podcast and drive as far as I can."
,Recommended,446020,29930822,Posted: 14 February,all,HER,"Drove from Germany, to the Czech Republic and then to Yugoslavia.Halftway through the way from the CR to Yugoslavia, all 4 of my tires went flatRode on rims until it became apparent that I wasn't getting anywhere in that stateWalked the rest of the way to Yugoslavia, bought 3 tires (all i could afford)walked back to CRput on tiresfinally got to Yugoslavia (by car)didnt have enough for a hotel stay...♥♥♥♥♥♥..looked in my trunksold 15 sausage packetsgot $25.00 (A hotel night is $20.00)Stayed the nightProceeded with the game...P.S.: But in all seriousness, this game does require strategy & patience. You start with $100.00 and you have to manage and earn money by finding boxes filled with loot on the side of the road, along with upgrading your car which is very expensive, i do reccomend, but only if you're willing for a LONG TRIP and maybe some rage after finding out you drove 50 miles without an ignition coil and thats why your car wouldnt start or something like that lol."
,Recommended,446020,32209328,Posted: 5 June,all,Nikki_Putin,"I dislike both Early Access games and Driving genreAnd yet, I love this oneIt's just so zen"
,Recommended,446020,22640030,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,trainsdriv3r,- Driving down a road- sees a box- puts Hazard lights on- Comes to a complete stop- Picks up box- Ai cars causes a massive pile up- Opens box- box contains Hotdogs10/10 would cause pile up for hotdogs again
76561198195191649,Recommended,446020,31383755,Posted: 26 April,all,Pepper,"Don't get me wrong, I love this game. However, IT NEEDS A DARN ""ARE YOU SURE"" BUTTON WHEN YOU CLICK RETURN HOME!!!!"
,Recommended,446020,24661620,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Divi Filius,"As a fan of Eastern European cars and culture in general, I found Jalopy to be a very entertaining adventure driving game. To sum it up, you essentially take a beaten down old Trabant across the former Eastern Bloc countries. Not all of that is on smooth asphalt so you better hope your Laika can withstand dusty old muddy roads.Pros:>The primary gameplay mechanic is definetely a key aspect of this game.  Contrary to what I thought when I first picked up Jalopy, you don't have to start over from scratch if you break down in the middle of nowhere or you get glitched etc. You can always ""drive back home"" and start over again. Any better quality parts you found on your journey will be kept in your car and you will respawn at your uncle's garage. You will have to go home alot of times. I found this to be quite a fantastic idea because it means that you don't have to lose those incredible engine components you found, just because you ran out of fuel or your battery died.>The Laika is just so much fun! Maintaining your engine components is intuitive so anybody can understand how it works. Your engine has different parts, such as a fuel tank, air filter, engine etc. As you play you find better engine components scattered throughout the world. You can find these in abandoned Laikas, junkyards and you can purchase parts directly from the Laika dealership (Expensive option though.) There are so much different variations of each part which have their own pros and cons.>Driving the Laika is also very simple to grasp and easy to do. You have to use your mouse to point and click to activate various features in the car, such as the windscreen wipers, lights, handbrake etc. WASD to move is as difficult as it gets really. Just be sure not to strain your Laika too much.>Money. A lot of people complain that alot of the parts are overly expensive. That is true, but I think that's what adds to the immersion of this game. It takes place in communist countries where even a loaf of bread will set you back a lot. It also makes you very wary of your expenditures. Most of your money comes from selling items you find in boxes lying on the side of the road. These usually contain things such as sausage, cigarettes, wool and various food items. You can also sell old tires and other things you don't need.Cons:>BUGS AND GLITCHES! Yes, this is an early access game so expect bugs. Items sometimes fall through the map, continuing a game from a motel causes you to spawn in a different city than you were before. I've also managed to get stuck a lot and had to respawn back at home.>Motels. In order to cross the border into the next country (aka going to the next level) you have to dish out 20 Marks and sleep in a motel. Motels also serve as a saving point. Why do you have to spend 20 hard earned Marks on going to bed in a motel when you spend the entire game DRIVING A BED? If I had a choice between a Laika for free or a Motel for 20M, the Laika would take the crown.>The absolutely dimwitted restrictive boot. Your boot is divided into three spaces. The central space is for spare tires, while either side of that is reserved for items you find. One engine part takes up one of those spaces. What'll you find is that you'll cram one side with kolbasa and whatever other crap you find, while the otherside is taken up by an awesome component you found but can't use because it's damaged. You then have a lot of space left over that you can cram with more stuff!!!! It sometimes just does not make sense.In its present state, Jalopy earns a 7/10. It needs more polish and more content. I would love to be able to drive other old cars such as Yugos! That would be awesome."
,Recommended,446020,23768881,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,pulp,d
,Recommended,446020,22590799,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,丨几丨ㄒ丨卂ㄥ  ᗪ,Blocked Gate with car. Stole everything from the store. Sold everything at the next store.
,Recommended,446020,31674860,Posted: 10 May,all,šuntavilo,Makes you feel nostalgic for a time you didnt even live in. A piece of art.
,Recommended,446020,34203697,Posted: 12 August,all,Griffon,"You know the game you're playing is something special when you show up to a border crossing in car with two flat tires, smoke rolling out of the front end and a trunk full of booze, pills and cigarettes... and you end up getting hassled about the roll of yarn that you forgot was stuck all the way back in the corner.In a way this game feels a little like a first-person Oregon Trail, as you have to make a lot of decisions about what to bring, what route is best to take, whether you want to push on and see if you can make it to the next town or go home and fix up your car, and so on. Do you shut your car off to save fuel when you get out to check that box you found, or do you leave it running because you know the ignition coil is shot? Do you ditch the load of coffee you have to make room for those bottles of wine, not knowing if you can even take them across the border? Do you spend the money for a better engine, or just hope you'll find a route with a junkyard that has one for free? These are the kind of things you'll have to consider, among many others."
,Recommended,446020,22589733,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Microwave,"I was talking to some people over IRC when one of the people sends a link to this game. As soon as we saw Trabants, we all bought it immediately.This game has serious potential. There aren't really any other games around like this, and that's partly why we bought it so quickly. In its current state it is pretty buggy but it is still absolutely playable and enjoyable.If you like crappy cars, fixing cars, driving cars and free roaming, then this game is for you. You won't regret buying it."
,Recommended,446020,31497377,Posted: 1 May,all,Pingster,"Me: Engine block under my right arm, a fuel tank and a tire under my left arm, yep, good to go!Also me: What kind of 6 armed monstrocity do you think I am, of course I can't carry 4 packs of sausages at the same time!!10/10 Best broken car roadtrip simulator, brings me back to when I was 8 and my father decided that a roadtrip with his half broken car would be a good idea.On a serious note though, (WAY) less technical than My Summer Car, slightly more money management involved, but suffers the same issue of not enough variety in content. It's a neat concept, and as a previous reviewer mentioned, fills a niche for a nostalgia simulator, but I would wait for a sale before buying it (in fact, I did, 50% off for my copy. I don't think I'd have been happy with the purchase if I paid full 13 euro)."
76561198136644319,Recommended,446020,22781283,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Drewdlekins,"Welcome to a simulation of socialism, comrade.Ever wanted to know what it was like to drive a Trabant across the eastern Soviet bloc without paying thousands of dollars to travel, to buy the car, in the inevitable back breaking repairs, etc? Jalopy is the deal of the century in comparison. You and your batshit crazy Uncle drive your Trab... I mean, err, Laika, across a procedurally generated Soviet landscape circa 1990 (which is pretty accurate, honestly, grey colours, hotels in which you can hear monsoons in the hallway, and snarky 24 hour store clerks), trying to keep the rolling deathtrap on the road and get to your destination.The devs clearly have a deep love for the car, which can be repaired and modified at the side of the road or at a Laika dealer, who of course will sell you better parts than the ones that you scrounged from Uncle's garage/barn. You can measure this car's acceleration by holding a stone up in your hand and watching the wind erode it, which is pretty much exactly how Trabants are. You add gas AND two-stroke oil to the two-stroke engine through a gas tank mounted over top of the engine. Makes you feel privileged to drive that 1989 Tercel, doesn't it, comrade?There's lots of bugs, as befits an early Alpha access title, some of the more amusing of which are Laika dealers ripping you off for car upgrades that never show up (wait, is this a bug?), Uncle's brain falling out and having him stuck in the car/motel/floors/stairs/traffic. The extremely amusing multi-car pileups that occured even with your hazard blinkers on as you tried to fix your beleagued people's car don't seem to occur anymore, which makes it easier to fix your car I suppose.But honestly, there's enough humour and heart here for anyone who doesn't mind a first-person strategy simulation with a decidedly Griswold Vladivostok vibe. I'm sure it'll come together. Well worth the money to watch the devs take this road trip somewhere.Just don't fix the car. It's fine, comrade. Smoke is healthy. You are lucky."
76561198046209588,Recommended,446020,29924577,Posted: 14 February,all,MysticBBQ,"Jalopy, the road trip simulator.Pros:-Art style is so nice, fits the games vibes.-High replayability.-Graphics options for older PC's.-Upgrade and care for your very own car.-Very enjoyable game, even hilarious at times with cars that even have PEOPLE inside them.-Constantly being worked on.-Procedurally generated routes each stop, different every time with bridges, and off-road sections.Cons:-You have to be in the right mood to enjoy it... I don't know how to explain that.-Can bug out a lot - especially the uncle who, I didn't even know was supposed to travel with me until I read a guide on it.-It's possible to lose your wallet, which you need to buy and sell items.-You can accidently drop your wallet, and then it teleports back to your car which if you don't park close, you'll find yourself travelling a long way.-No sprint button."
76561198045207412,Recommended,446020,29911279,Posted: 13 February,all,HobosGoneWild,This game has great bones but could use a little more meat.
,Recommended,446020,23497628,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Personal Jambi,I drive hundreds of kilometers every day searching the roads for stolen crates of cigarettes and wine to sell at gas stations. Can't help but feel like this is a fairly accurate depiction of the Eastern Bloc.
,Recommended,446020,22612192,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,GreatGizmodo,"Jalopy is a game with a great concept. You drive through Eastern Europe with your uncle (who walks very slowly) and try to deal with a car (which is a Trabant all but in name) which always breaks down. It is actually really fun, and as someone who loves vintage cars, being able to drive the 'Laika' is great!There are several bugs, however, which is to be expected, though some should have been ironed out before releasing the game.Overall, a great concept which will become a great game in time."
,Recommended,446020,32730396,Posted: 24 June,all,Greasy Churchkhela,"I love this game.Currently, this is a very simple early alpha game. There is very little gameplay depth, a lack of finish on just about everything, and FPS issues regardless of hardware. There are also countless bugs or unexplained shenanigans. But I've loved every moment of the over 10,000 kilometres I've driven my Laika.This game's store page does not reveal the full story. It's a trading economy game in which you utterly rely on your car, the Laika. Basically you buy and sell goods: You can earn money in a few different ways.The first way to earn money is fraud - at the local motel in each town, knock on the doors and (sometimes) collect the nightly fees of other occupants.The second way to earn money is theft - finding crates of goods while you drive from town to town. A percentage of these crates are locked, and you must have a crowbar to pry them open.The final way to earn money is to buy goods at local stores that you hope to sell later for a profit in towns which demand these goods more.The spending goal of earning this money? Upgrading your Laika, of course!I would bet you didn't expect this to be an economics game. Don't worry, the driving itself is well thought out too. There is just enough variance in scenery and paths that you are kept on your toes, and the car is not easy to drive when run-down. Searching for crates while trying to drive a car with 3 flat tires is a real challenge, especially in Bulgaria.I don't want to spoil any details of locations for you, as the exploration is enjoyable too. I've found what differs between locations to be cuturally and geographically accurate, at least in a simplistic way.The car's radio can play maybe 4 songs on repeat, which are all thematically perfect and relaxing to listen to. Hoping for more, similar songs on this radio in the future!I feel the lack of a sprint function in this game is very suitable for this relaxed theme, and makes utter reliance on your Laika essential - as it should be.Finally, I'd like to share my most recent experience with the game as a sample of the mid/endgame. I was driving the return route from Bulgaria to Yugoslavia, gradually ascending the mountains then rocketing down the other side. As it was the return route, The border checkpoint would be at the end. My goal was to transport at least 1 of each local brand of coffee back with me, until I found a place to sell it for great profit. I had stopped a few times to replace puntured tyres and pick up good from crates, so as the sun set I was still about 160km out from my goal. The going can be especially tough in Bulgaria, so careening downhill in the wet with a heavy-loaded car and minimal visibility became a real challenge. The thrill I didn't expect from this game kicked in.When I finally reached the border checkpoint, I was told that coffee was a banned import in Yugoslavia. Since I was transporting 52 bags of coffee, the fine would be $520. That was far more than I could afford, and far more than the worth of the coffee. It was also an issue I wouldn't have had if the border had been right next to the town, as it is in normal-direction travel.The guards told me to return to the town, since I couldn't afford the fine. However, I will simply save and quit, and attempt the run again from the Bulgarian town (the good prohibited is selected randomly).I hope you find such a great experience from Jalopy as I have! Of course, it will continue to update - but I trust this developer to continue to know what a fun game is."
76561198242038814,Recommended,446020,22890359,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,This name is a place holder,"100% recommend this game for anyone looking for a chill driving game. The car is sexy as ♥♥♥♥, the long drives are really great stoned, the old man WILL make you crash over and over again because he's an♥♥♥♥♥♥hole, and other drivers wont understand that three lanes gives them the option to GO AROUND ME YOU IMPATINT ♥♥♥♥♥< IM PUTTING A NEW WHEEL ONPros- chill driving- fun and interesting car upgrading/maintinence- lots of replayabillity for anyone looking to do a bit of trading- cute and artsy grafic style- nice simulator style of gameplay, where clicking things does the things (like handbreak, lights, whipers, bonet, etc...)- lets you knock EVERY door in the motel, waking up everyone (i'm an♥♥♥♥♥♥hole)Cons- driving can be cancer at times- old man needs to hurry up and die- lighting could be a little bit more light- some annoying bugs (most can be fixed by reterning home, but that sucks if youre going on a long trip and have to restart it)conclusionThis game is well worth the £10 charge, and if youre one for early access games, you will love it. If youre looking for a full complete driving game right now, pick up a euro truck simulator instead, and come back to this once its done. Has a lot of potential to be a great game and is one of few games that i have a soft spot forhope this helped you decide if this is the game for you. If you do buy it, have fun x3ily all <3"
76561198031197569,Recommended,446020,26446158,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,KROK,+ Atmosphere+ Easy to learn+ Art Style is unique and reminds of Paper Please+ You get attached to your car+ Challenging yet casual+ Much potential- The sound could be improved- No ultimate goal?- The game is short- Shops/Motels are not unique- No bandits- No bribing
,Recommended,446020,25561209,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Muggy,>Ran outta fuel in the middle of gods know where>Walked for more than 30 minutes in the dark>finds gas station>Realizes I forgot the wallet back in the car10/10
76561197969207498,Recommended,446020,24570628,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,robosan,It's like Richard Hammond's adventure though Botswana with Oliver.
,Recommended,446020,26216112,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Anamon,"Jalopyis already a lot of fun to play in its current stage. It's a small and simple game, not one you'll likely play through an entire night's session (although once I almost did), but one you'll probably want to come back to again and again for another quick round or two.There are many cute details that make it different from most other driving and racing games in existence. First of all is, of course, the titular car you're driving. It's an old, ramshackle and unreliable car that is quite unpredictable and takes a lot of maintenance. While other games might have you perform chip tuning, adjust your gear ratios or put some embarrassing neon lights on your car, you're going to be dealing with much more basic stuff here. Hope you'll make it to the next gas station with that popped tire, adjust the oil-to-fuel ratio for your two-stroke engine, or decide whether you're going to sell your air filter so you can afford an extra can of gas for the road, just to be sure.The game has some rogue-like elements, in that upgrades to your car are permanent. You can run into big trouble on any one of your road trips. Run out of fuel miles from the next gas station, run out of money and not being able to pay for a hotel or some essential repairs, and so on. In those cases, you can alwasy reset the game by going back home, and starting your trip from scratch. Maybe next time you'll be luckier, and earn enough cash to afford the next upgrade that will make subsequent trips more successful.The main game mechanic is about finding and selling goods to finance those upgrades. All along the (randomly generated but linear) roads, it's possible to find cardboard boxes and locked crates containing various basic goods. These can be sold at gas stations and shops in towns, where prices vary depending on what there's currently an abundance or shortage of in the country. This is based mostly on luck, but quite motivating. You're always going to have basic expenses: fuel, oil, repairs, hotels, maybe even fines for crashing or smuggling contraband. But anything you earn beyond that, you can invest in your car. New engines and engine parts, paint jobs, repair tools, or a roof rack for extra storage space are all for sale. On a lucky trip, you might find half a dozen bottles of wine, just before reaching a country that has a shortage of alcohol. And there's your new carburettor!Graphically, the simplistically rendered environments already look very good, and there's a nice variety between the different country-to-country trips (more are being added). The original soundtrack is one of the game's strong points. And I like how the car's controls are all toggled from the actual cockpit, from lights and wipers to the radio and popping the hood.Being Early Access, of course there's still numerous bugs that can crash your game or make you lose progress. Still, the atmosphere and ""random loot"" make this little game already so much fun to play, that it's definitely worth considering already getting it now. The developer is also very responsive, updates often, and is adding many of the suggestions to the game. This is how Early Access should be done!"
76561198061815441,Recommended,446020,33119115,Posted: 2 July,all,crazycupmuffin,"Brilliant fun game. Jalopy is a little like My summer car. But it's not as insane as it, which I like.You must put build (fairly straightforward, like I said not as hardcore as my summer car) your piece of junk rustbucket and look after it as you journey across the old eastern Europe.Driving, building, repairing, refueling and maintaining your beloved vehicle that most others would probably rather jump off a cliff than get inside.You must stay in hotels to sleep, and also the great thing is you can upgrade your massive heap of junk over time.......to be a little less than massive heap of junk! What more do you want??? :0"
,Recommended,446020,22776014,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Markst3r,- Arrvies at hotel- Goes to sleep- Restarts Game- Wakes up in a different room- Turns out its a different town- Goes outside and talks to old man- Old man sinks through floor10/10 should stop drinking motor oil
,Recommended,446020,23297453,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,RIOT,we arrived at hotel.old man gets out and says 'see you tomorrow!'he walks across the street and keeps on going. while it was raining.maybe he's blind idkanyways i walk into my room and get to sleep.next morning i walk to the car and the old man was sitting in it.ahhh he was drinking last night and got fkn wasted. maybe too wasted to find the god damn hotel entrancei unterstand now.10 cheeki breekis out of 10
,Recommended,446020,25082312,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Сталин,This game is great since the 601 is my favroatie car.Pros+ 601+ High qualtiy music+ Eastern block style architecture+ Eastern block countries+ Cheap and funCons- NO VODKA- No eastern european music
,Recommended,446020,24326588,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,TimePointFive,"Eastern Europe and the Wall and the Fall.  A beat-up Jalopy and an ultra-plaid Uncle.  Slavic stoicism, humor, and bleakness rolling by your window as you tramp across a foreign countryside.  The S.T.A.L.K.E.R. of the roadtrip genre.Jalopy is one of those games, man.It's one of those games that reminds you why you picked up this hobby in the first place.  The controls are tactile enough where it's fun to just click on♥♥♥♥♥♥like it was in Duke3d.  The tone and color pallete are dreamy and familiar somehow like Myst.  The setting is personable and tragic, while the game, itself, distracts you with a comprehensive simulationm much like the OMSI games.This is a purchase worth waiting for; I won't play it until it's more finalized.  The game is there and fantastic, but it's more of a promise right now with its brevity.  Purchase it to help development and wait.Like we wait for the bridge to be open."
,Recommended,446020,34642106,Posted: 31 August,all,✠Baron✠,"it' s not a detailed driving/travelling simulator, but it' s perfect for the people that don' t want to complicate their experience too much...vote: 8.5/10"
76561197977064788,Not Recommended,446020,33406340,Posted: 9 July,all,scr0at,"Fun game for a few hours; however, once you learn the basics there is very little to this game. The whole premise is that you fix a beat up old Laika 601, and then try to drive to Turkey. That's it. When you get there, there is no 'end game'. You just hit 'return to home' and start over. It took me about 4 hours to get to Turkey on my first play through.Along your journey from point A to point B you will find boxes along the roads which contain commodities such as wine, cigs, more cigs, hot dogs, etc. The price for these is rather random, you can literally save/load your game until you see prices you like. Which tells you this is not a working economy, but rather just random luck on what you get and when. You can sell the items you pick up which help you afford things such as fuel, repair kits, new tires, car upgrades and motel stays.The core game loop is sound yet mundane with nothing to mix it up:-Fix up car until it works-Pick new route-Drive route-Stay in motel-Start overLet's talk about pros and consPROS:-Fixing up your own little car is fun!-You learn a little bit about engines-Game aesthetics are very pleasing-It's just gosh darn fun to drive a car you work on!!-Lots of car upgradesCONS-Extremely repetitive core gameplay loop-Buggy terrain generation and clipping issues. I've fallen throught he world, and so has my car-Uncle, a core part of the gameplay, is broken-Some generated routes have the same 1-2 roads over and over, making you think its groundhogs day.-Currently no end game-Save scumming / game reloading for easy money-Only 4 tracks in the in-game radio-Barely any traffic in-game, even on max. I went from home base to Turkey, and saw 2 cars.In it's current state I cannot recommend this game. It needs a lot of feature work and polishing before it is worthy of the price it commands. This has the potential to be a REAL GEM! It has been in early access for almost a year now, with not much changing in terms of feature-sets. I am getting worried this will be another 'dead' game we have invested in."
,Recommended,446020,22626143,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,madve2,"I fell in love with Jalopy's concept the first time I saw it on Rock Paper Shotgun (it was called Hac back then), it was one of the few titles I actually voted for on Greenlight and maybe my first game ever I purchased on launch day (even being an EA launch). And I'm happy to say, I'm not disappointed at all.Obviously, it's pre-alpha. I only managed to finish the tutorial on my third attempt. But even so, that tutorial, and my first journey after that (which sadly ended in the middle of nowhere because I forgot to pay attention to having enough fuel) reassured me I was in the right place: this is the gameplay I hoped for when I first saw those GIFs on RPS.Having those little details that make you feel *being there*. For me, this is ""presence"", not VR. Having to pull a lever to open the bonnet. Having to turn the ignition key to start the car. Having to actually grab your wallet from the gloves compartment to pay for the motel, then with the key in your hands, being able to walk around in the building before eventually opening the door of your room and getting into bed.It's an atmosphere I wanted in a game for so long.It's also reassuring how the developer responds to feedback so far. An important hotfix was just released mid-weekend. A patch is supposedly coming today fixing many of the bugs / missing features (like the inability to get a can of spare fuel at the gas station), and I'm confident there are many more to come, until the game is truly ready. Getting this title right now is not only a journey driving your Laika, but also a journey of seeing how the game shapes into its final form. To me, this is early access done right, not releasing a near-final beta for some bug hunting.Obviously, it's buggy, it's not optimized (it runs on my 4 year old, then-midrange laptop - with onboard Nvidia optimus - fine though) and it has missing features (like saving mid-journey, at least at motels). Driving the car feels wonky and pointing at things is sometimes weird. But the atmosphere? The towns, the motels, the road? It's there already - and it's very unique and likeable even in its current state.If you don't like Euro Truck Simulator type of games, hate the art style or want a finished, polished product, then skip Jalopy, obviously - at least for now. But if you're like me, feeling like this is a game somebody already should've made years ago, and eager to see one finally becoming reality, and wanting to try it as soon as possible, ready for bugs and changes - then hell yes, I'd highly recommend it."
76561198072437781,Recommended,446020,24942347,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,ダウン症候群,-Runs out of gas-Walks 20 minutes to nearest gas station-Forgets wallet10/10
,Recommended,446020,22606119,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Pyrlix,"It was late night, me sitting in the... IRC with a couple of friends when suddendly someone posted a Link. He said you could drive a Trabant... on german Autobahns... and have to fix the Trabant occasionally too.It was an instant purchase for a couple of us... but we were not prepared for that.10pm, raining and ran out of petrol in the middle of nowhere. Lets take the wallet and walk to the petrol station. Get a jerry can filled with fuel and walk back. Drive along, suddendly your tyres are shot and you have to go back home (basically a restart, but you keep your money and upgrades. And all the jerry cans in your boot get refilled)This game has some proper potential. The only other game that currently comes close is My Summer Car - but there is really nothing else like it. It is still highly buggy, but its early-access so what did you expect? The spanish inquisition?Its enjoyable and playable nevertheless and with a new patch coming soon and even more content and mechanics on its way i see high potential for this game.You like driving cars, fixing cars and enjoy walking a couple of minutes to fetch some fuel then this is for you. You won't regret the purchase for this amazing little game."
,Recommended,446020,22611067,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Jorvac,Drove 450km.Got to the Border.Parked in the checkpoint.Old man forgot the papers.Got fined for smuggling sausages.10/10 Would drive with my senile Old Man again.
,Recommended,446020,22587339,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,dat rushen boi,"autobahn simulator 1990.Wait, something original in 2016? Ok, somethings smells fishy here. Has Donald Trump become president/ the world gone crazy?So, what the hell is Jalopy?Genre?Car Owning Simulator, in this case a Tra.. I mean Laika.Plot?Seriously, I don´t know. But since you are in the DDR or GDR (I´m German, don´t know the english name of DDR) and have to drive a Laika, while everyone else drives superior or at least more modern cars than you, my guess is, you want to move to Poland or Slovakia to not see those far superior cars anymore. These fricking Snobs in their stupid Oshibka´s and Trussi´s.In what way Car Owning Simulator?This game is very accurate in owning a car in general. You have to think about almost every detail for driving and maintaining a car, although the repair part is very simple. You even begin to build your car yourself by building a complete Engine. Although the engine itself isn´t really that detailed, you have to maintain every part and even have a correct mix of fuel and oil (the last part is kinda special, because your Laika runs on a 2-stroke engine), buy new parts if old ones break, change tires if they break and most likely more in the future of this game. And for driving you need to put in the key, hold the key until the engine starts, pull off the handbrake and ,for bad weather/ the night, enable wipers and headlights. Also you get a passport, a purse with money you need to buy stuff, a map of your way and a manual of the Laika.How does it drive?Although this game is very detailed, the handling itself is very arcade-like. The car is instantly on top speed, it doesn´t really lose grip ever and if you hit the wall you stop immediately. I don´t mean it´s bad, I mean it doesn´t really fit into this very detailed driving experience, although it kinda fits into its unique graphic style. Still, I would appreciate a more realistic handling and steering wheel support, but I can imagine it would be hard to develop that on Unity.Unique graphic style?Mate, look at the screenshots.The End?Yes, I really like the concept and the realization of this game. Has quite a few bugs, but this is Early Access.Only the handling thing I talked about is weird. But still, in this early stage (0.4 pre alpha), it is very fun to play.Any wishes?Moar Cars.Moar realistic handling, if possibleSteering wheel support with Force Feedback.Moar detail in the Engine parts.Manual gearboxMaybe the possibility to take other guys with you. (maybe for money)k thx bai."
76561198058075753,Recommended,446020,23126554,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,pazartesi_gorusuruz,"First, here's what happens:- Oh look at the graphics, very pretty :3- Who is this guy- Why is he talking about this car- Wait this car doesn't have an... engine- And it lacks a door- And four wheels.- Ok door first.- (goes to nearby random car)- WHAT'S UP SON? I'M JUST GOING TO RIP YOUR DOOR OFF FOR MY OWN PURPOSES.*RIP*- Ok so the door goes... here. I obviously know where the door goes. I have no idea where all the other parts will go :3- Ok so I need to get this tire and fit it into the... wait what- HOW DO I FIT THIS TIRE- FIT- (click click click click click click click click click)- Ohhhhh I need a bloody car jack, okay then.(finds jack)- Here's your damn jack. Now function. Function. HOW DO I USE THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥ FUNCTION PROPERLY YOU PIECE OF DUMB EQUIPMENT.- Finally, I need an engine. Here it is.*KACHUNG*- Let me pour some gas into it and,,, theeeeere we go. and letme add some oil. Click. Click. Cli- OHHH♥♥♥♥♥♥I OVERDID IT. I overdid it. Now it's gonna run slow.- So now I fit the tire into the-WOAH THAT IS AWESOME. Never knew fitting a tire would be so satisfying.- Wait that's not it? CAN WE NOT GO ALREADY?- Wait there are other parts in here. What the hell is this? (pulls out air filter)- Hmm I wonder what this does...*KACHUNG*  Aaaaah there it goes. It filters the air 0_0- Now what could this weird contraption be? (pulls out ignition coil)*KACHUNG* AAAA this is the thing that starts the engine. Hmmmmm nice.- Now what the .... hell is this. It looks like a... engine.- What was the other thing I poured gas into? Oh fuel tank apparently 0_0 how fascinating this is.- Ok now what on earth is this it looks like a box-OH IT'S THE BATTERY OH MY GOD. I know where that goes. There. No there. Right.- ENGINE I KNOW WHERE THIS GOES *KACHUNG*- Wait there is another tank.- WATER TANK. LOLWUT which car needs water to run? (for wipers and♥♥♥♥♥♥ Ooooooohh. OK 0_0- Phew. Did I forget anything? Like seats or steering wheel? Does it have pedals? Oh thank god it has pedals.- OK let's go then, gimme the damn keys, man. Who are you anyway? Why are you coming along with me? Why are you following me? You have a weird jacket but I'm gonna try to not pay any attention to that.*KACHUNG* starts engine- LET'S GO WHOAH(some time later)- What? You say I need to pull over? Why? That black smoke from the engine is probably nothing important. Fine then.- Let me turn on hazard lights so no one crashes into our-*KACHUNG*- SOME RANDOM AI DRIVER PLOUGHED INTO ME. JESUS- Ok Bob (I'm just gonna call you Bob) I fixed the engine with the repair kit but the repair kit is no more. It disappeared into the air with a POOF.*enters motel and finds cardboard glasses. steals them to sell later**later at a gas station trying to sell the glasses*- WHAT? THEY COST 5 CENTS?♥♥♥♥♥♥OFF OUTTA HERE. I'LL USE THEM TO DRINK WATER FROM MY WATER TANK. THAT WAY THEY WILL BE MORE PROFITABLE.*later that night at another motel*- Ok Bob I'm just gonna go to my room and-- Bob what are you-THAT'S MY ROOM- Bob what are you doing- Bob stop- OK YOU SLEEP IN THERE. I'LL SLEEP IN THE CAR. JESUS.*the next day going on random dirt roads*- What is this on the side of the roa- JESUS BOB STOP TALKING ABOUT YOUR VETERAN STORIES. THERE IS A MYSTERIOUS BOX ON THE SIDE OF THE ROAD. I'm guna check this out. You sit here. Useless old codger*opens box with crowbar*KACHUNG*- What the... a box full of... ALCOHOL. I'M RICH. WE'RE RICH. I mean I'm gonna give you a cut too Bob because I don't want you dying on me. This way maybe you will enjoy life more and live more. Let's make peace Bob =)*gets arrested for carrying illegal goods in the trunk at border check 0_0*/// /// ///Serious now. This will be a miracle game if it gets supported enough. Right now I don't think it's getting the love it deserves but it will get there. For so long I have waited for such a game. Here's what it is:- You have a junk car of a communist brand. It barely runs.- You have to go on a long journey with this junk heap.- The car has to be maintained, cleaned, refueled, upgraded, spent money on so that it is able to make this journey.- You can carry stuff in your trunk, and on the roof rack (if you buy it) let it be maintenance equipment, illegal goods, car parts, boxes, stuff.- Stuff you find around can be sold at shops and gas stations for money.- Money in turn can be used to upgrade and buy♥♥♥♥♥♥- You have to manage your space wisely. Your car needs maintenance, but you can also put expensive stuff inside your trunk to sell later. Or you are an obsessive and even if your car is doing very fine, you still stuff maintenance equipment into it :3- Basically you just drive on long highways and sometimes winding dirtroads while doing all of that.CONS AND PROS:Cons:- Very buggy as it is in an early alpha stage. That's what early access means.  Bugs will be expected and stomped. Nearly 75% of the content in the game is currently just a placeholder. Don't cry because there is no content. There will be.- (PARTIAL WHEEL SUPPORT HAS BEEN IMPLEMENTED)No wheel support yet. YET. They said they will implement it later on.- (FIXED)Maniac ai drivers ploughing into you.- Vehicle flips, and there is no way to flip it back.Pros:+ My dream game of driving and maintaining a car, all the while also tackling other things and even customizing the car.+ Different, pretty styled graphics. I love seeing these type of games every once in a while.+ Devs constantly update the game. Read the blog to see for yourself. And every update brings something. For example the next update will bring painting the car I think.Watching Youtube playthroughs and looking at screenshots might not cut it for this game. Just go ahead and play it, there is always a refund option. Give this game a chance. It deserves going forward.Final verdict: 10/10 Totally worth the buy.(coming from a person who has bought 10 early access titles in 3 years of steam history)"
,Recommended,446020,23864822,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,_Patrick Swayze,"This game is early access, so  it does have it bugs. As it states, it is in Pre-Alpha.Pro's:- Unique gameplay- Nice artstyle- High replayability (contraband/loot, spawns random along your trip). Keep your eyes open while you drive!- You can pimp your Lada (Laika)! (technical aspects mostly thus far).Cons(for now):- The game has a few bugs in its current state, but once aware,  you can work around them mostly.- Play value, in time, in it's current state, ranges from 2 to 10 hours (depending on how much you wanna pimp your ride and how many bugs your run into).Note that when you run into a bug that prevents you to continue, you can always restart from the starting point of your trip, but keep everything you have (contraband & tools in the trunck and carupgrades).This is a unique game, if it really interests you and you can handle the cons pointed out above, I urge youto support the developer."
,Recommended,446020,28194952,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Bigdan99,"I bought this game and MSC and played them back-to-back to get a brief impression of what each was and which of the two was ""better"". For me, Jalopy was an easy winner.Both games are in EA, and both are very unfinished. Jalopy is filled with inaccessible areas, the tutorial drags on and is borderline broken, and the AI is ridiculously stupid. What this game has that MSC doesn't, however, is potential. Jalopy oozes atmosphere, and unlike MSC, there is always an objective to work towards. The driving is servicable, and the trip is broken up by tons of emergent gameplay via the weather system, the way your car dynamically breaks down, the other drivers on the road, and the condition of the roads themselves.Jalopy takes you on a very interesting trip through the Eastern bloc, with beautiful visuals and pretty nice environments. Your resources are limited, and it always feels like you're running on empty as you drive to the nearest checkpoint. It's almost like a modern day Oregon Trail, except you're taking care of your car instead of a party of people. Deciding whether to stay the night in a motel but lose money and time, to stock up on supplies but weigh your car down, to go a shorter route or to take the longer one with a gas station, all are little choices that make Jalopy interesting.So for me, Jalopy is an easy choice over My Summer Car. It's like choosing Half-Life 2 over Postal 2, if I had to make a comparison. That being said, do not expect a finished experience. Jalopy is short, buggy, and unfinished, but I will definitely return to the game when it is in a more finished state."
,Recommended,446020,22961084,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,The Marxist Inquisition,"This game is basically Trabi Sim 2016.The plot is basically this: The Berlin walls falls and you finally receive a Laika 601 Deluxe (off-brand Trabant 601 Deluxe) and you join in the exodus of Trabant drivers out of the DDR to their homelands.From this game you can expect all the joys of driving a Trabi; engine maintenance, wheel replacement, shopping for car parts and, of course, transporting goods across the Eastern Bloc to make a profit.The graphics aren't wonderful but the simplistic art style appeals to me. As for gameplay: not much content yet. However, it's still playable for a long time, as your money carries through every time you restart, enabling you to work towards upgrades for your car.Of course, the game has many bugs, but this game hasgood developersthat make bugfixes their number one priority; something very rare with EA games these days, albeit unfortunately.I'll update this review to a much more detailed one once the game leaves EA, but I'd implore everyone to keep an eye on Jalopy. It's very promising. Also, all you Trabant enthusiasts, myself included, MUST buy this game; it doesn't disappoint."
,Recommended,446020,28962817,Posted: 2 January,all,Sartor Resartus,"My first experience with Jalopy was the car breaking down as I drove to Dresden. I ended up stopped in the middle of the highway, having to get out and run back and forth between the trunk and the engine bay trying to get it running again. It's pouring rain and there's some bourgeois filth with a horrible mustache driving a new-model Volvo stuck behind me, honking his horn as if that will somehow get me to fix the car faster. After finally making it to Dresden I decide to get some new car parts that (hopefully) won't break as frequently. It's only that I night I realize I spent all my money on car parts, and have no cash to rent a room in Dresden overnight. So I buy a pack of cigarettes and go home.Accurate representation of owning a project car."
,Recommended,446020,22569216,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,sænk skatten din fgt,"Make sure to unplug any game controllers, wheels and so on, because the game will try to use them.EDIT:I think they are trying to add controller support (The launcher tab)"
76561198030998746,Recommended,446020,22585855,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Mudraxus,"Hi!Before I start, please have a look into the release notes! The Dev team clearly states that this game is still in VERY early stages of development. So if you buy it you are pretty much an alpha tester, just keep that in mind.So, how's the game actually? Well it is one of these games, you didn't know you wanted until you played it. The ammount of attention to detail which has gone into modeling of the Laika (aka Trabant) is just amazing! Every button and movable part is simulated and serves its purpose. Even the Car's Owner Manual looks so authentic. Along your journeys you'll find crates with items, that you can later sell, which in turn you can invest to make your crappy car a little better. Or you even find an abandoned Laika which you can strip for parts. Also, you have to take good care of it, repair, refuel, replace stuff, and even clean it. After a while you're getting really attached to that little machine and ever hit you take causes physical pain ^^The world, even if pretty small right now, also fits perfectly into the setting of 90's east Europe.The art stile might not be to everyones liking (including me) but after a while you get used to it and even see its benefits.So should you get it? Well it depends. If you like Driving games, Simulations and Open world in general then yes. However if you want to enjoy a completed product, just come back in like half a year.If you want to support a small Dev team, which is actually talking to their community and is taking suggestions seriously, then absolutely go get it!"
76561198031607037,Recommended,446020,23546896,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,iamdustybones,"This is a neat little time killer. It is being updated rather regularly, and gets better each time. If you like going on long roadtrips with your creepy uncle, this game is for you. 11/10"
,Recommended,446020,32160567,Posted: 3 June,all,AssEatr35,"A truly amazing game indeed. Jalopy allows you to be free with what you do in everyway possible. You can choose one of three routes for each day, swap out all the parts under the hood, and pick up drug crates off the side of the road and sell the contents for some serious cash. I would recommend 10/10 would drive again!"
,Recommended,446020,22728257,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,TacticalToaster88,JALOPY:Pros:- The game is a brilliant idea and a funny game to play.- Realistic car mainteance.- Money.- Petrol stations and other shops.-You're driving with a Laika 601 Deluxe :)Cons:- Many bugs (Early Access)- Grapchics (Early Access)- Lack of content (Early Access)- No pedestrians or any city life whatsoever... (Early Access)Extra:The game is a little bit dark and it doesn't have much color in it so I hope that the game will improve much from the state it is now. I have spotted lots of Bugs in the game and I hope that they will be fixed too.Jalopy is a great game to play and a brilliant idea to develop so I'd say this game is 10/10 at the current early access state.I recommend this game to everyone to try and have fun with it.
76561198045036677,Recommended,446020,31684137,Posted: 11 May,all,Lucient,"One of the most memorable experiences of playing Half Life 2 was taking the buggy out for those long driving levels. I've tried several driving simulators over the years and nothing has had ""that feel"" to it. It's hard to explain why but Jalopy brought me back to that more than any game ever has.There is something immensely satisfying about driving that beat up old Laika along the open road, picking up boxes of discarded goodies  to sell and patching it up when it starts to break down. I can't wait to see like the finished product looks like and I will definitely be replaying the game at least one or two more times as updates roll out."
,Recommended,446020,23036648,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,qwerty,"I did a video review of me Testing this game, in pretty good detail.Tell me what you think! :)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j6Sy60Uleh8"
,Recommended,446020,22983286,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Gary the Canadian Tire Guy,99/10 would listen to Vaporwave on radio and rob gas station again
,Recommended,446020,28814178,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Stain The Bed™©,"Never crashed yet? got to a point where I couldn't go any further, the gate was closed with the sign (bare with us during early access) or something like that. I was on a roll........ a really good trip and BOOSH, the gate that say's that, just spoils my night GG.All in all, I came from 'My Summer Car' and love Jalopy because of it, also got 'Car Mechanic Simulator 2015' because of 'My Summer Car' Jalopy is early access so what more can you ask for. GG guy's It's great :)"
76561198096391692,Recommended,446020,31450247,Posted: 29 April,all,[H.A] HuskyMan82 YT,After playing this game for a while i found that it was a tiny bit repetitive and making money is a process... But its still nonethless a amazing game! Cant wait for future updates upgrading the mechanics to the game!
,Recommended,446020,24410893,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Yebisu,"I really love this concept. A roadtrip simulator through the eastern bloc in a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ car?  ♥♥♥♥ing awesome! Gameplay is fun and solid in my opinion. There are quite a bit of bugs and performance issues, but I expected that. All around, this is one of my new favorite indies."
76561198065902712,Recommended,446020,29704859,Posted: 4 February,all,Mountain,"I can see this game being a ton of fun when alot more content gets added, though as it stands, it's still pretty fun. Short due to limited areas, but it's pretty replayable"
76561198071427442,Recommended,446020,23475553,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,somoto the wolf,"This game has a ton of potential.Even though it is still in pre-alpha, it already has personality, a great way to kick of a story, and phenomenal means of gameplay. (Not to mention an uncle with a shirt that will make you wander how he got to be so awesome.)As with all early versions of games, this comes with a handfull of bugs, but even those are some of the best, wacky memories that you get to have, first hand, when you, uncle, and your trusty Laika all go out on a grand journey East!If you like roadtrips, run down cars, and repairing them, this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,446020,34223974,Posted: 13 August,all,[BRC] Arakui,"Immersive, fun and atmospheric, but needs an update. Get on it, devs!"
,Recommended,446020,25184131,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,itskillingme,"well, I have to say it's not the best the game I played yet. but it is one of the most beautiful, atmospheric and greatest games on the market.. or better to say:""The best Indie-game I've ever played!""the graphic is smooth and beautiful. the sounds are good, especially the songs in the menu and the radio.the gameplay is good. the movement of the npcs aren't that good but for an early access game pretty well.the most things I'm missing in the game: -you can't see your own feet and the hands on steering wheel.-the ""big"" map.. of course it's a ""big"" map already but it would be nice if the map could be bigger.and please give us some cool achievements and badges! *-*if you want the community could help you."
,Recommended,446020,23934721,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Filthy Assistant,"Set out on roadtrip with some cash, a shitbox car, a map and some tools.Stopped at a motel for the night, got up the next morning, had to fix my car. Lost my tools somehow.Saw a parts shop, spent all day buying car parts to make my shitbox less ♥♥♥♥♥♥.Night time, set out on the road again. Almost out of gas.Get to border, hand over papers, they let me through.Start driving, go through tunnel, come to rotary. Start slowly around the rotary and flip car.Can't figure out how to put my car back on the wheels instead of the roof.Accept that this rotary is where my journey has ended.10/10 would spend all my money on parts and flip my car again."
76561198116202957,Recommended,446020,22872986,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,BoofMan,"This game has a bright future. But unless you are dying for it, dont buy it at its current state. It is has issues, but it is very young."
,Recommended,446020,26181628,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,The Arstotzka Man,"A quirky and somewhat relaxing little game. Even with the bugs present in its early build I still come back to it for the content that the developer adds. As they are both active, and take feedback from the community for new features. You can even check their responses and weekly updates at:http://minskworks.tumblr.com/Theirs something unique about driving a little Laika 601(Trabant) through Europe, Travelling from the GDR, through the CSFR and further. With the changing enviroments and roads turning from the Autobahn to small dirt ones.  ThIs  games not just a simple roadtrip however, you will have to make repairs to your little Laikas 2-stroke engine. Make emergency roadside tyre changes and much more. Along the way you will have to finance yourself by buying and selling. Finding boxes and crates alongside the road that could contain valuable goods. Or even stopping by the scrapyard to salavage some parts for your Laika. Or if you're feeling wealthier then take a trip to the Laika dealership. Buying anything from new engine parts to roof racks, to extra lights, or for extra customization a can of paint or decals to a unique touch.For a game that is in early development still, it is definitely an entertaining one. Whilst it does have some glitches and bugs that you can encounter along the way such as flipping your Laika onto its roof. Or falling through some steps along the coast. They do not ruin the experience that this game provides. For what could seem a simple concept of a  roadtrip you can tell that the developers have worked hard to recreate both the atmosphere of the late Cold War. With Soviet Ladas and Yugos filling up the motorway. Whilst the little in-car radio plays upbeat but fitting music that only adds further to the experience of chugging along in your little car.If you've ever wanted to drive an East German car through Eastern Europe during the fall of the wall. Then this is likely the game for you. Or if you want to play with upgrades, economy and all the hassle you will have with your jalopy breaking down. It's a solid recommendation. Sure, it's in Early Access and has quite a few amusing bugs and glitches, just don't expect the whole game to be polished and perfect. As its one of the best games i've seen come out of Greenlight."
76561198023973805,Recommended,446020,23195689,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Paddygezus,"Old man and nephew take beaten up eastern bloc car on an adventure to find hotdogs and wine while battling to keep car ""roadworthy"". Oh and you stay in motels.10/10, this unique game has brilliantly stylised graphics and some of the most fascinating mechanics I've ever come across. It's still in early access, so don't expect the world but it is quite polished considering its pre-alpha stage. And to be honest its current bugs are almost as charming as the faults in the Jalopy itself. Help the devs get to the final product and purchase a copy!"
76561198155913149,Recommended,446020,22571049,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,How to Aim,needs some optimisation for me i don't have a good computer
76561197971799446,Recommended,446020,22758303,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,"APPROX. 64,695 LBS OF SHARK FINS","Start off on drive.Engine starts smoking.Open the hood, realize I should have packed the toolkit to wrench on things.Arrive at first town after dusk.Passenger recommends going to motel.See autoshop.Stop at autoshop to refill and look for toolkit.No toolkits for sale.Walk back outside.Parking lot gate is shut now.Have to spend night in car now.Morning arrives.Gate still shut.Walk inside to buy hot dogs because I should be hungry by now.Give hot dogs to cashier.Cancel transaction anyway.Realize that the gate was shut to stop me from stealing gas.Gate is now open.Fuel tank is still full.10/10 would steal gas from merchant again."
,Recommended,446020,22790534,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Mazdapride89,"Block store gate with car.Steal everything, put in truck.Go back home.Go back to store, sell all the stuff.Profit.10/10I love this game so much."
76561198222516188,Recommended,446020,32062029,Posted: 30 May,all,Dimi3 S.P.E.T.S.N.A.Z,This game is cool realistic and interesting Im Driving my laika blin 601 deluxe its cool
,Recommended,446020,32918422,Posted: 28 June,all,치 The Spearman 치,"Zen brilliance.Anyone who grew up in Eastern Europe would instantly relate, driving a Lada, performing field repairs, and selling stolen packages to General Store owners to afford gas to keep going.Gameplay wise, this is a better version of Peter Molyneux's The Path (it's by Peter Molyneux, stay away from The Path!) You start at a border crossing, you 'declare' your route from one of 3 options, the game will randomly generate the path, with varying road and weather conditions, a few side paths, various shops, and maybe a few goodies/broken vehicles to scavenge on the side of the road here or there. The objective is to keep the car running to reach the next border crossing, and so on."
76561198159566874,Recommended,446020,28236369,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,wolfy66,people may give this game bad reviews but honestly i got this game and have had no problems i really love this game alot .prosgreat gameplay so far and more to come in updateshas great playabilitygood dev responsehas a nice game world that is really immersivereally cool storyconshas bugs and some people cant play the game because it(BUT) the dev is aware of them and working hard to fix themanyways tho this is  my crappy written review i give this a 10/10
76561198097566035,Recommended,446020,25081129,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,BillNyeTheRussianSpy,"My babushka always told me ""Sergei, why you so skinny-"" I mean ""Sergei, you will never grow up to leave country and become soviet-wide kolbasa salesman, now quit yapping and keep working the grain elevator"" well guess what babushka, I may not be prime time big shot, but I drive across abandoned train stops to find month old kolbasa and sell it to the nearest gas station in my Laika 601 Deluxe which I call my home because I sold the house to get a repair box. If that isn't success, I don't know what is."
,Recommended,446020,23626353,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Akkad G,"I paused the game to write this review. A few hours in and I'm already stunned by its beauty. And this is the pre-alpha? Sweet Jesus on a scooter, I have to see what it turns into. Germany took a lot of Turkish workers after WWII and this is like a ""coming home"" scenario. It definitely feels like home."
,Recommended,446020,31491094,Posted: 1 May,all,SAJewers,"It's a Fun, Relaxing game, where you basically drive through Europe. You make money by Buying and colletcint items, then reselling them. Gameplay is basically a standard driving game, but with light RPG elements. Very simple to pick up."
76561198049843499,Recommended,446020,22570900,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Detective Alpha,"Went to sell something at a gas station and the register never reset back to $0.00 after i got my money back so i spammed the mouse button and made $15,000 in less then a minute. Thank you store clerk for not paying attenting. Now i have a fully upgraded jalopy and loads of cash to spend on cigarettes and sausages."
,Recommended,446020,23944874,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Jorjimodels,"Jalopy is an AMAZING game, and I'm quite surprised it isn't extremely popular.The game is set in Germany in the early 90's, where your 'uncle' shows you how to repair a car, leading you to drive on a trip through the east. Throughout the game, there will be issues with your car, such as the engine needing to be fixed, and the need for gasoline. I won't say any more though, as this game is worth the play.Yeah, it is in Early Access, a very low point of development (pre-alpha to be exact), but the game is still amazing to play for what it is right now.Now, my ONLY complaints would be that this gameconstantlycrashes. No, I don't mean sometimes, or every once in a while, I mean it crashes almost every time I play it (DON'T LET THAT TURN YOU AWAY FROM THE GAME, I HAVE STILL BEEN ABLE TO PLAY THROUGHOUT THE GAME WITHOUT PROBLEMS, the only problem is it occasionally crashes before I even think of saving). But again, it's in early access, so I'm not surprised.I RECCOMEND THIS GAME TO EVERY ONE OF MY FRIENDS! GO AND BUY IT!"
,Not Recommended,446020,32415230,Posted: 14 June,all,dimi,"I like the idea behind the game, but the game itself is boring and just busy work in it's current stage.You go from point A to point B between countries in a Trabant. You find boxes with different stuff inside that you can sell at shops/gas stations which is how you earn money to maintain and upgrade your car. You can also just buy some items in one country and sell them at a higher price in another. This loop is just not fun, mostly because the upgrades and replacement parts you get for your car need to be replaced quite quickly. The car ride is pretty boring with not much to see on the routes. The presentation is good, the intentionally clunky/semi-realistic way you maintain your Trabant is fun, but sadly as I said the making money part is just too boring and monotone to worth fighting through it.I'll keep an eye on the game tho, because the idea of smuggling stuff with a Trabant between soviet bloc countries is great."
,Recommended,446020,33179835,Posted: 3 July,all,Tweety,"OMG OMG..This is such a fun game, to all of you who reads this.. you need to buy it and spend tooo much time with it.pro's:-Fancy looking-Most bugs are already destroyed to ash-Upgrades for your personality-Nice 'random' system in the crates, also with the loot on the ""Laika 601 Deluxe"" (Trabant)-Cool artwork in the background, like the waterfall I passed by :D (Congrats to the Jalopy team)-All the realistic fancy stuff from the eastern blockcon's:-Weird driving by the AI drivers of the game (random swinging across the road)-Can't tell if it is a river or a bug :PSome ideas for maybe some cool future updates:-More types of looting places: random houses, trucks etc-interior personalizations. (maybe some cool stickers for your car)-Freeroam mode-Other routes and roads (to Moscow perhaps)-Hardcore modeThanks for reading this love you all!! <3hope the team sees this stuff XDXD"
76561198078505104,Recommended,446020,32031216,Posted: 28 May,all,K I N G  S L A V E,When it rains you become Drift King
76561198085157769,Recommended,446020,26445200,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,JesseAsher,"***REVIEW CONTAINS SOME SPOILERS***Very First Impressions!This is what to expect as of now if you are unsure and is my personal experience with the opening game play.The game loads nice and fast, graphics are okay but could do with being slightly sharpened while retaining the chosen graphic style. [which works very well dont get me wrong].  Also a little more color/saturation wouldnt go a miss.The tutorial supprised me and is very very clever! It has you initially collecting parts 1 by 1 and having a nice simple but detailed explination of what each part is for and why its important to the car. I had no trouble at all working out what i should be doing and the game is open enough for you to skip ahead a little and start loading spares into the back.Before i move onto driving, i feel a small issue needs to be adressed,  there is only you in the car, initially as this is a first impression. The is so much room on the back seats and boot for spare parts and what not, having them as storage could work well. Or a roof rack of some description. Not both as you would be then be able to carry enough parts to never feel the need to stop for any length to repair or look for parts.Once i entered the car i sat for about 5 minutes pressing W and spamming the keyboard to see what made the car move..  I then stopped and look at the car and realised the key needed turning and the handbrake was on!.  clever game play at its finest.Driving was fairly simple and arcade like once you are on the move. Personally the option to have a manual transmition could work well and add a little more depth to the game. And be something that needs maintaining and oiling. etc.I soon realised bumping into barriers was doing damage that needed repairing.  so stopped with the hazzards on at the side of the road.  However the Ai are clearly relatives of stevie wonder as they could not see me and simply plowed into the car causing further damage.After  short time driving i pulled off the motorway to a service station to fuel and oil up.  I went in wondering how i should pay and picked an item up to where i was told i need to use my wallet..  something no matter what i pressed i couldnt find.. I chose to just take the goods and leave but a huge fence blocked my exit which told me to return stolen goods.  to which i try to but drop the item in the building and it dissapears..  leaving me locked in forever.. :'(    However a save and quit and reboot simply put me back to the start :D.I reccommend this game and the asking price is rather fair for a small indi game...  unlike no mans sky that think they can get away with charging silly money for a game that wont even load up!I can see alot of potential in this game, from open world scenarios to multiplayer/co.op or even split screen having a driver and passenger..  or driver and navigator."
76561198039479509,Recommended,446020,22623348,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Sirtim94,"Well well well... Jalopy. Heh. I have never written a review for a game before let let me start with this one. Everything about this game I love; are there glitches? Yes. Do I care? No. This game will be backed by so many followers (Me included) that In my humble opinion this game will go far. Beautiful concept, beautiful art, beutiful Jalopy. Most of the negative reviews on here probobly have never heard the term ""Jalopy"" to begin with without doing a Google search. Anyway, buy this game. Please. It's a lot of fun."
,Recommended,446020,22663684,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,kot26,Best game i played in my life it have everything i need and i love!- Driving- Car tuning- Repairing- Adventure- Fun- ShopsAnd many more!10/10  GG keep it up!       - Love IT!
,Recommended,446020,34650664,Posted: 31 August,all,Blastwagon,"Very fun game. I like the immersiveness a lot, no mini-map, no inventory, no objcetive marker. It makes everything feel more real and engaging. On top of that the gameplay is engaging, juggling various car related issues while driving nervously. The game is still changing too, but if I had some hopes for the future they would mainly just be about graphics updates. The art style is very simplistic, and in particular light effects are not that interesting to look at. Another nice touch would be making mirrors actually reflect so that you can see behind you. But fingers crossed this will come with time. For now 15$ is good for what you get."
76561198055739744,Recommended,446020,22569920,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,TheDarkOne,Ran out of fuel in middle of nowhere 10/10
76561198079451304,Recommended,446020,26462118,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,tommmy,absolutely fantastic.its realy relaxing and gives you a strangely nice feeling of desperation if somthing goes wrong.unfortunatlely it is prone to crashing but I expect that to be fixed in an upcoming update.
,Recommended,446020,22572182,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,[Yee.!] Halss,"I just bought this game, and i am in love with it. I played the 0.39 pre-alpha press release, and i had a lot of fun...Jalopy is a word for an old/wrecked car that can barely go and looks horribly. And that is what this game is all about.In Jalopy, you drive an old wreck named ""Laika 601 Deluxe"", a two stroke, 25 Miles/gallon, 0-100 Km/h within 22,5 seconds etc.The story starts when your uncle in a trippy coat wakes you up and wants to drive east. So you wake up, get a spare door from a pile of wrecks, slap on some tires, build the engine, plan your path and you are good to go!While driving, it's good to have a repair kit, a full gas tank, a spare bottle of water&oil and a carjack, because you never know what lies in front of you in this game!So, now pros and cons:(I am not putting any not added features in the game to cons because I am writing this review the day it was released)+ A great gameplay of mixed adventure and car management game+ Your engine is very fragile, a one essential part goes off and you're done adventuring, so you must be careful+ Realism in this game is at a quite high level+ you can pick from different routes+ not so stunning graphics compensated with a stunning atmosphere+ SO MANY THINGS IN THE CAR TO PLAY WITH+ original concept- Sometimes, the uncle is overreacting a biti would definitely reccomend this game and i give it 9,9/10, but if you want a better experience/longer gameplay, then wait few months."
,Recommended,446020,22571947,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Notbazzaro135,"I only played the tutorial of putting the car together and I am already hooked. It gives off this casual calming feel which is nice and welcomed in todays gaming industry. The visuals are nice the car is more complex then I expected so that was nice. I look forward to playing through this one.That guys sweater tho, something seems off with is haha.https://youtu.be/wzBdTrylaLQ"
,Recommended,446020,22569673,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Quizzle,"Unusually fun game, it combines elements of maintaining your car as you drive cross-country and realize what it's like in the 1990's. You really get this feeling like you have to maintain your car and drive properly so that you can actually make it to the next part of the story. Very fun. A few bugs here and there, I left my old man/partner and abandoned him but he would still swear at me 100 km's away for turning my hazard lights on, that's what you call ""parent driving senses"" right there. Then I did a 360 flip and crashed into another car. Amazing game so far 11/10.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0YnAb9yIOL8"
76561198073949020,Not Recommended,446020,27734811,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,PenguinBlue,"This is my opinion, don't be mad at me.At jalopy's current state, you can drive around to make money for your car, which you use to make money for your car. It is exetremely easy to repair your engine which will break down every two minutes, but the toolbox breaks too. I hate this mechanic!That... and the awful glitches. I will be driving around and the sky turns into a strobe light. The menu screen is completely broken for me and the tutorial has glitched out many times before.I can't recommend this game until it is fixed, and has a point to it. Sorry devs, I know you worked hard on this game :("
76561198084823201,Recommended,446020,26496054,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Pulowski,"There's a feeling of satisfaction when you own a car, that feeling of the freedom to go anywhere with a rusty classic which you restore and turn into a dream. And then theres the realistic frustration you have with ur piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥jalopy that you have to constantly drive forever for the rest of ur meaningless socialist life. Atleast the gas is cheap, i think? (who can even tell when they dont use imperial measurements like gallons)"
76561198062557018,Recommended,446020,25161691,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,PlopPlopMan,"Went on a roadtrip with my beloved uncle. We drive into a town and book into a motel.In the morning, uncle doesn't get into the car, so I get back to road alone.10/10 would abandon my uncle again."
76561198018226756,Recommended,446020,32010365,Posted: 27 May,all,ShimShimmy,"This is a fantastic, atmospheric experience. Gameplay is fairly simple, but this game gets me into a adventure/road trip mood like nothing else."
,Recommended,446020,22623426,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Yal,"This game is pretty fun. If you enjoy games like Euro truck sim or any other long road tip like games, you will enjoy this games. Granted in its current state its buggy and very simple, it has alot of potential."
,Recommended,446020,32164210,Posted: 3 June,all,Luqswl,"Honestly one of the most stressful game I have ever played xDDespite the fact that you have to bear with the weardowns of your car's engine or any other component, your ONLY source of income is by collecting boxes and opening them up to take the ""valuables"" inside which you will need to sell to the Gas Station or Outer Store. Don't get me wrong but this game is Fun to play and addictive. I have only One favour for the devalopers though, if you could add other ways to earn income other than being a box collector xDQuickly buy this games before it turns from 1990s to the 2000s ;)"
,Recommended,446020,31512314,Posted: 2 May,all,Teytu,"Now that I have spent some time playing this game and seeing what it has to offer I would like to write a little review because I believe this game deserves as many positive reviews as possible.To summarise, this game has many pros with a few cons that can be easily changed as long as the developers take the time to read the community's comments and take into account the feedback they are reciving.Things that I think the game is doing well:*The art style. The game is very pretty and enjoyable to look at, it also manages to deliver a great atmosphere making this game very relaxing to play.*Fun RPG elements. Being able to upgrade your car and being able to change the way it looks makes the game exciting and fun. This small RPG element makes you keep coming back to the game.*Interesting travel system. Being able to select your route is a great feature as it adds a difficulty element to the game. People with more confidance in driving games will enjoy trying to steer their car in terrential rain and have the chance to break road laws while trying to avoid oil spils and pot holes.Things I believe could be improved:*More areas. So far there are a few different routes however they can only take you to two different locations. This can make the game boring quite quickly as you will find yourself driving to the same town every time you want to sell or buy something.*Graphic options. This is a small point but it's worth mentioning. Personally I found the draw distance to be very annoying as I could only see 10 feet ahead of me before seeing fog and this is NOT during the rain. I run the game on fantastic with AI traffic maxed out however I can see a lot of graphical bugs and things that could be improved.*Money making. Making money in this game is very boring and repetitive. The only way to make money is to sell goods from your own garage or goods you find in crates on the road. Making money in this game is a very slow and annoying process and personally this is the biggest problem for me.Things I would like to see in future updates.*More AI. The town, roads and petrol stops feel very empty. I would like to see more cars on the roads as I think it would make the driving more difficult giving you an extra thing to dodge. I would also like to see people walking around in the town as currently the main town gives me a very strong Silent Hill feeling.*New weather system. I found the rain in this game to be too harsh as driving your car during the rain is in my opinion too  difficult. I think a good thing to add would be a winter route that adds ice to the roads as currently driving through rain feels just like driving on ice.*More customization. I understand that the customization is not what this game is meant to be played for but I still think there could be more. It would make the game a lot more fun if no two cars looked the same.Keep in mind that this review is for the pre-alpha state of the game. I understand many things will change but this review is just here to give ideas of improving the game. This is also my opinion so not everyone will agree."
76561198073657954,Recommended,446020,22656907,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all, Lawrence(Duke),"This game is a breath of fresh air in terms of gameplay. It feels like a roguelike driving sim. You start in your Uncle`s garage, you build your car, you load it up with supplies for the journey, and you`re off. Along the way you have to maintain your car, manage your money, find loot on the side of the road, buy and seel goods at gas stations, auto-parts stores, and the Laika dealerships and more.My rule of thumb for buying early access is that I have to like the way the game plays in its current state (so if the devs run off I still have something good) to determine whether of not to buy it. So far it is a great buy. The tutorial is well designed to make it feel like it`s not a tutorial and there is a neat little story that goes along with the game. And the devs seem to care about the future of the title.The game is also pretty imersive requiring the player to actually use the car keys, hood release, parking brake instead of just pressing buttons on the hood or just get in and drive. It give the car a sort of sentimental feeling because you have to do all the work yourself and continually upgrade the car.The only drawback is that the characters communicate exclusively through speech bubbles which can be a little distracting when you are barreling down the autobahn at 90kph.10/10 for physics defying tweed jackets!"
,Recommended,446020,22779731,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Loqrin,Ich liebe meine LaikaKomm mit mir in meine LaikaSchöne LaikaLaika is best car 10/10
76561198271859829,Recommended,446020,29253655,Posted: 14 January,all,NuclearGaming64,THIS GAME IS SOOO GOOD!!!!! The only thing I really want the developers to add is multiplayer because ever since they removed the old guy there is a second seat so make the seat use ful please! Please!! Add multiplayer :) thx
76561198000244476,Recommended,446020,23126497,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Chatterbox,"This game is great, I cannot wait to see all the things that will be added over time, I'm hoping the ability to paint the cars, get new body parts to add to the aesthetics, and even more will be added in the future."
76561198129044132,Recommended,446020,22601968,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,SnowmanStan,So far it seems really good but there is a lot of bugs it will be an amazing game in about a month
,Recommended,446020,25013566,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Polybius,"Thisa is a great simple game that's really comfortable and easy to get into. It's fun going for a drive, then suddenly your car begins to break down, or youre running out of fuel. How far will you make it? Is it worth the risk to keep pushing to the next town?This is really great so far, and i hope more updates keep coming."
76561198291927090,Recommended,446020,22573814,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,josephblundell10,"The old guy riding shotgun is the best.Falling through the world, nothing but grey.The only noise is the warning lights blinking trying its best to call for help in a world devoid of life outside the car.Old guy yells at me to turn off warning lights before we are pulled over.11/10 Would fall through space and time again."
76561198062779680,Recommended,446020,22642098,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,stuka444,"Nice, simple game. Has a ways to go and of course has it's share of glitches"
,Recommended,446020,22570451,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,deeravengertn,Great game so far love the whole road trip feel of the gamebut my only complaint is the framerate in the cites (4690k gtx 970) anywhere else runs great which isnt to bad but it can be annoying
76561198080941626,Recommended,446020,24826811,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,megatruck,"This game is a walking simulator. If you've had bad luck, of course. Laika Autofabrikwerke does not give refunds.R.I.P ""Smokey"" the 601. Abandoned on Hungarian motorway, 19th of June, 1990. You won't be missed, you sack of sod."
,Not Recommended,446020,24936972,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,zuff,"Still too early, crashes here and there. No controller support which is pretty much the dealbreaker for me when it comes to driving games.Has huge potential to be ""The Long Dark"" with cars"
,Recommended,446020,22577288,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,leader of antifa,"It's in pre-alpha so expect bugs (some gamebreakers especially) and optimization issues but besides that this is a lot of fun for what it is now. Unless you can't ignore what I stated previously (like many other baby reviewers that didn't bother to read that it's in PRE ♥♥♥♥ING ALPHA), then you should get this if you enjoy peaceful-ish driving games. It's like a cartoonish euro truck with Soviet bloc aesthetic"
,Recommended,446020,24343961,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,niCO!,"Jalopy.Where to start?If you like this kind of graphics.Those , greyish, kind of squared look.(feels sometimes like the good old Games where the wheels of a car were in the shape of an nonagon :D)If you like to drive around, Collect stuff and upgrade a stone old car.If you like to drive in a Visual Roadtrip through Germany(and more) with an weird♥♥♥♥♥Uncle (who maybe floats in a sitting pose around the areas)If you like to sleep in a Motel together with this Uncle, only to wake up next to an empty bedIf you like to search for your slightly demented uncle, only to realize he is waiting in a car.If you like to do everything while your uncle just sits and makes: BLU, BLU, BLU BLU, in a weird low frequence :Dand Finally.if you like details( not graphics) .. I mean Game mechanicsThen....could this game be Perfect for you.NOTE:This game is still in Early Access so game Experience/Visuals may change !!!I like this game very much, and i am excited for every new Update!The price and the stuff you will get, by buying this game is Totally weird.I mean this game is only what? ...  12.99?This makes more fun than some other High Promoted AAA type of Game.( *for example: The Division, Rainbow Six,)I know... different Genre but hey. I play to get entertained in a Interactive way. No matter what you play. If it sucks it sucks. if it Rocks , it Rocks. And this Game Rocks ..So BUY IT! SUPPORT THE DEV's, and spread the Words to your Friends!!!"
,Recommended,446020,22619414,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Mudboy,">Drove for 30 minutes>Went to gas station to fill up tank>Found old car with better engine>Life is good,jpg>Sold old engine>Mfw new engine won't work and i can't buy back old one>Gas station is now new homeIGN/10"
,Recommended,446020,22637014,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,chuffy.md,"This game has bugs, but I'll say it's surprisingly polished for a pre-alpha release. Minskworks has done a lot to make this otherwise simple game rather deep and I've easily put 6 hours into it just wanting to figure out how everything 'works'. To sum up what this game is? What genre it belongs to? It's a rogue-like driving simulator. A roadlike, I suppose we'll call it.There's an elegance in simplicity when it comes to the environment design. The backdrop you occasionally get to look at while you drive is mostly just trees, industrial chimneys and power plants--what you'd expect when you're driving on the Autobahn.All in all, the game is damn neat and I have really enjoyed playing. I look forward to playing even more of it as Minskworks releases more content."
76561198076124663,Recommended,446020,32348840,Posted: 11 June,all,Shufflecoat,"This is one of the best adventure games I've played in a long time. The fact that this game has so much realism, as well as historical context makes it a great little simulation of driving through the Eastern Block. However, the only major problem with this game is the lack of optimization for lower-end PCs, despite being a farily low-spec game. With a little effort from the developers, this game could be a real gem; because of this, I'd highly recommend purchasing it.10/10Would buy a Jalopy IRL."
,Recommended,446020,33002447,Posted: 29 June,all,Cinos Ruddertail,"One of the most meditative games I've ever played. You drive a bad old car casually along tricky roads and stop to bother people in motels while selling off stuff you find along the road to upgrade your car. Don't worry though, being a Trabant it still sucks even when fully upgraded. The game is absolutely dripping with atmosphere and although there are some early access issues (glitches, not fully featured yet) I'd recommend this for the asking price."
76561197967541881,Recommended,446020,22571501,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Matt Nukem,"Jalopy has a huge amount of potential, and developers that are actively responding to the community. It's definitely the right way to start an early access game launch on Steam.As to the game itself, there's a lot of clever design and a real sense of tangibility that many games lack. Sure it doesn't have the prettiest graphics, and it's still got a lot of bugs, but I'll take a game that lets me DO stuff over a game that screams ""LOOK AT ME I'M SO PRETTY!"", but is ultimately a static environment.I'm really looking forward to see where this one goes."
,Recommended,446020,29100586,Posted: 7 January,all,TheDizzyGamer272,Its An amasing game i love it but i wish the cars where faster and if their where more cars that you could build or buy
76561198140408384,Recommended,446020,30014597,Posted: 18 February,all,Fordon Greemλnn,"Well, for it's time, The Laika 601 was the best german car at it's time nontheless, but sincethis is 1990, the car already got a few years old and still survives. barley. it requires a lot of work to get this old piece of german mobility device to keep going on for quite a while.Now, let's head over to the Cons and Pros:Pros:- A very fun road trip simulator.- Just like My Summer Car, it has many realistic ways of interacting with your car.Replacing or upgrading parts for an example.- This game has the style of graphics i REALLY adore.- Mystery boxes can be found on the side of the road.Some are needed to be opened with a Crowbar.- Drive around with a f*cking Jalopy.- Beep Beep.Cons:- The Laika 601 can be often causing lots of trouble while driving,i mean, I DON'T have the guts to be spending my money on replacing/upgradingparts every 5 minutes!- You guys gotta think of other ways to make money more easier, like, wouldn't it make senseto sell Wheels at the same price of buying it for 50$? or a toolkit for 15$?IMO:8/10, why? because some people like me expected from this game to be quite more easier than it looks.(Still recommend this game tho.)"
,Recommended,446020,22577435,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Uncle Bourbon,"A fun little game in which you drive around Eastern Europe during the collapse of the Communist Bloc in a run-down trabant. Game is currently in a pretty early stage of development so it's pretty short and has a couple bugs, but has a great artstyle, beautifully opressive atmosphere, and a ton of interactivity with the car and buildings. While I reccomend those who want a full experience right away to wait a bit, the game itself is very solid and shows lots of room for expansion and refinement."
76561198046749424,Recommended,446020,25022489,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Thiccie Thiccie Thot Thot,"I was driving my glorious piece of eastern bloc machinery on a pristine morning. The air smelled rich with the scent of production and smog. The sun peeked out from a permanent cloud of pollution. Everthying was going well until the treacherous hill. As you may know, all eastern bloc cars are precision master pieces dancing to the tune of 1 horsepower. Try as she may, my little car was incapable of climbing the hill and was hit numerous times by other commuters going to work for the glory of the eastern Berlin. I ended up with $1000 worth of tickets, but hey. Thats Jalopy! (10/10)"
76561198041099881,Recommended,446020,35132853,Posted: 22 September,all,GTR192,great game worth it on sale
76561198287297546,Recommended,446020,34129228,Posted: 9 August,all,AlexanderHess1,"Amazing game!!!!! I love it it's in my top 5, but they should add multiplayer because then it be way more fun, because who wouldn't enjoy playing with with some friends??? So PLEASE ADD MULTIPLAYER!!!!!!"
,Recommended,446020,22762560,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,twitch.tv/planetlyfe,"My car ran out of gas as soon as I got past the checkpoint and then I had to try walk miles to find a gas station and before I even found one I gave up. So, I went back to the main menu and loaded my save, talked to the old man. After he finished saying ""So, shall we give our journey another try today?"" he sunk into the floor.10/10 would sink into floor again."
76561198128266925,Recommended,446020,30027990,Posted: 18 February,all,Slick052501,"i spent about 4 and a half straight hours playing this game, i got to the point where further developement was needed for me to procede, i want the developers to know this game is purely amazing. i cant wait to play more and see more development, i 100% reccomend this to anyone that is considering buying it. ive never had more fun playing a car related game like this because there really is no game like this! please please please keep developing this game, i wanna procede love this game so much."
,Recommended,446020,22610386,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,OG-Sheolea,fun
,Recommended,446020,22574040,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Ivan_Messer,"я не сомневаюсь что игра получится классной и хочу чтобы она обнавлялась дальше,но при загрузки новой игры ""прекращение работы программы"" исправте пожалуйста."
76561198032219203,Recommended,446020,22595194,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,JavaScript,"Really nice game. It needs some bug fixing before I will play it again. I had so much problem with the old man. He would not sit in the car correctly. Driving in the rain with a flat tire is impossible, and the car is using a lot of fuel when just turning on the engine without driving forward.I hope they put some textures in the game, and fix the low polygon look. At least smooth the normals on the meshes, so the player dont see the polygons. And put more content on the radio, so I can blast some music on full volume to get the old man angry the whole trip."
,Recommended,446020,33450780,Posted: 11 July,all,LOOK WHAT YOU MADE ME DOOOOO,"This is... probably the most enjoyable Early Access game I've played since pre-releaseStarbound.What I expected: a cute novelty to pass a few hours away.What I got: surprisingly engaging zen-like road trip with challenging, but non-frustrating resource management.The aesthetic here is lovable from the get go: purposefully low poly art design, dorky sound effects, cheesy eastern bloc synth tunes. The car itself -- modeled after the infamous Trabant 601 -- drives about how you'd expect, and twice as unreliable.This isn't a turnoff by any means. If anything, it adds to the abundant charm already present, but admittedly I'm biased; I've driven the odd shitbox or two in my day.Now, isJalopylacking polish as expected for its development state? Totally, but there's more than enough here to make up for it as-is. Excited to see where this game may go!"
,Recommended,446020,22625137,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,LastChinchilla,"Go on roadtrip with UncleFind mysterious box of vodka on side of roadSell at gas station for small fortuneBuy roof rackNow car is too heavyFall through world while driving across bridgeNow Uncle and I roadtrip in the voidcheek/breekiVery cool game with a lot of potential. Manage parts, money, inventory space, decide if it's worth it to take a shorter route just because the weather will be better, or a longer route because at least it'll have a gas station, and then try not to get rear-ended when you pull over to investigate a cardboard box. It's very buggy right now, but it got me to ignore Dark Souls 3 for a while and reminded me of when I used to drive a junker. I'd consider that to be pretty high praise."
76561198091657035,Recommended,446020,29102036,Posted: 7 January,all,hop77,"Really good game,  the whole feel of the game is really satisfying and immersive.The only problem are some repetitive map parts - for example in Yugoslavia I went daown the same hill followed by the same turn about 5 times."
76561197968275682,Recommended,446020,31615212,Posted: 7 May,all,Goomba,"At time of review: 8 hours on recordStart playing the game. Fiddle with evertything i can interact with. Turn on the radio, the moment music came on i turned it off, tore out the radio, sold it for $2. Opend spotify, played "" We No Speak Americano "" Drove away.Great concept of a game. You rebuild (sorta) an old jalopy of a car, and you drive down the road, stoping to pick up anything on the side of the road. Weather it be boxes of champaign, boxes of smokes, meds, string, peanuts or the random empty box. Selling everything and buying fuel and oil, car upgrades, and new tires (maybe even a new paint job?). Picking what route you want to take via the map in your door panel is a nice touch. Weather sucks unless you have special tires for it, always sliding around like your tires are made of wax and your driving on a hot road kinda bad. Avoiding potholes and pretending your car is a bumper car is also chalenging (remember if your going to get out of your car, use the hazard lights).After filling up your cargo rack on your roof (buyable upgrade) AND your trunk, where else will you put all the loot you find?... in your car, at one point i had so much stuff in my car i could barely see. Laughing all the way to the store and pointing out to people that watch my broadcasts/livestreams that i cant see while laughing. Driving like a maniac just to keep the stuff out of my view. I pulled up to the store, spent 25 minnutes bringing everything in and rang it up.. Eyes got huge after seeing that i would be getting $800+ (pre patched) back after buying 4 brand new tires, full tank of gas/oil... smiled, and continued my driving.Pros:- Good concept- Interesting art style- Almost everything in your car you can interact with... almost- Good direction on updates and developmentCons:- No cruise controll for bad weather ( that year of a car there was none, but it would help you to keep your car from flying out of controll )- Limited for map size (AT THIS TIME)- Feels kinda bland after a few hoursMy personal rating 7/10 > will play bumper cars again.I HIGHLY recomend giving this game a try. If driving sims and you enjoy grabing stuff off the side of the road is your thing, you MIGHT like this little gem...."
,Recommended,446020,22595946,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Tiny Rick,"Personally the game is good, it has a decent build but with most games comes problems and this has its fair share. The game has potential but at the moment it lacks alot of content and features. Personally I would like them to add a number of things like:1. Drink Driving - Theres wine and food in the game but no use for it, why not make it a use ?2. Tow Trucks - When you break fully down with no tools ur stumbed so why not have a tow truck to take you to the last town you stopped at to get fixed up, (Obviously this would charge the player).3. Open World - If possible have the game open world so you can chose where to go instead of set route.4. A better save system - Maybe instead of starting you again you can save at motels or garages.5. More Shops - From what I have played I have seen three shops, why not add more.6. Apperance for the car - Customize the inside of the car, add bobbly heads or hanging novelties from your wing mirror or even change the colour of the car, to make the car more of your own.In conclusion the game is fun but lacks alot of content which could make it even better, now I know its just come out but this is just my personal feeling about it the game and what they could add. Overall this game is ok but needs more, I suggest getting this game later on in the future when more content has been added."
,Recommended,446020,22597471,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,rb303,"While it (currently) lacks in story, it makes up with it's unique and fun mechanics and attention to detail."
76561198156005778,Recommended,446020,26579816,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Nawa11games,i hope thay add a multiplayer and more car parts for the engen and left door paint but for now this game is amizing
,Recommended,446020,23115474,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Todd,"This game is awesome I really love it, sometimes I hate the system of destroying your car´s components but maybe thats what the Devs want. I wuld really love to see a multiplayer where you culd drive with your friends."
,Recommended,446020,22636196,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,B O O L I N #StringinMonkeys,"I want to first start this off by saying this game is already a great game and its in ALPHA! I honestly can't wait for more updates. I recommend this game to anyone. I will break this game down to PROS and CONS and I will add some suggestions.PROS:Great for a low end PCYou can basically interact with ANYTHINGReally fun and relaxing gameplayRealisticUser friendly EVERYTHINGCONS:Glitches (If you progress in the game and you save and quit you end up all the way back at the start, If your Uncle isn't in the car and you hit something he still saids ""Oaf"" or anything like that, really bad car pile ups, gate at some gas station close while you are in there and never open, once you save and quit and come back all the items in the garage are respawned, and thats all I really found.)No controller supportSome features are unable to be used (You are able to buy cigarettes but unable to smoke them, thats one example some market things aren't able to be used aswell.)No good way to make money (All you do is sell things you find on the road or your unwanted items.)Really bad AINo actually vocals (Which would be really cool if it was put in)Okay so now I'm going to do some suggestions:Ways of buying or using other cars other than 1 car.Car customization towards the looks of the car.More things you need to worry about. (Suspension, brakes, exhaust, the actually light bulb in the car).A way to use a manual transmission on the car.Character making and customization.A way to make better money. (Jobs, Lottery, etc...)Multiplayer/co-opThat is about it. This game was worth all the money I bought it with. This is probably one of my favorite game of all time."
,Recommended,446020,30204734,Posted: 26 February,all,Eclectic Fence,"This is a fantastic little game which still has a lot of potential.The art style is just sublime which brings a great atmosphere which also fits into the setting.Gameplay wise it has a nice balance of easy to pick-up whilst having an additional, deeper set of mechanics (hehe) to learn.As the big blue box says, this is early access so bare in mind this game is still being worked on, so impatient, whiny, self entitled bellends should probably stay away.Everyone else should really give this a go, is brilliantly addictive and relaxing."
,Recommended,446020,23000512,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Skyrimld11,this game is fun but mine just kept crashing when the uncle say something about papers for getting somewhere
,Recommended,446020,22589343,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,You,One word. Awesome.
,Recommended,446020,31523708,Posted: 3 May,all,鉄Ｂｒａｖａｄｏ™,"I really loved the concept of this game, really whole heartedly I was ready to while away my 3 day weekend driving through the eastern bloc, selling stuff I found at the side of the road. The only problem I had with the game was the frame rate problem (as of writing 03/5/17).I had real problems with the frame rates, my PC is mid range (2GB Vram, 3.2Ghz, 8Gb RAM). I tried everything the devs said to do and the longest it went before the frames plummeted was when I was playing in a 800x600 window with all the settings set to lowest and even then after I passed the first checkpoint it just stuttered to a complete halt.I know it is in early access and I fully understand that it's not perfect. But after googling that the problem had been persistent for over a year I decided to refund the game. If it's something that cannot be fixed in a year then the devs may just want to give content to the players more than performance improvements, I understand that too, who wants to buy a tiny game that gets updates to make it run better when it may be better to get everything out there then work on the fine details.Overall, this game has a fantastic concept, the literal car mechanics are very nice and intuitive, the art style reflects the early 90s post soviet states very well and I will return to this game when it is improved, I really want to make it to Dresden. It just needs to work on that one single issue of the low frame rate. If you can tolerate that problem alone its worth the buy when its on sale."
,Recommended,446020,22572013,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Gildenopa,"sold sausages that i found on the side of the road in a cardboard box after my uncle talked like a fortune cookie 10/10With all the Memes a side jalopy is a solid game so far but has a couple of bugs, some are gamebreaking, some are harmless. So i can recommend Jalopy to anyone who likes games about roadtrips but who also can life with bugs.If you are not sure yet if you want to buy it or not, i would recommend you wait until the game is more polished."
,Recommended,446020,31641848,Posted: 9 May,all,RetroGaming_Daddy,"Jalopy it is when you going  to somewhere and your engine is broke,your wheels are broke,you have nothing to repare you car and you in a center of nothing. Jalopy it  is when you coming to the gas station and stoling everything from shop. 10 stolen sausages from 10. Be honest game is very nice and if it will develope it can become more batter. I can recomend this game to everyone who like cars and treveling."
,Recommended,446020,29910080,Posted: 13 February,all,MeepMeepJustice,Fun roadtrip simulator!
,Recommended,446020,34671993,Posted: 1 September,all,Heffer Spy's Sappin Mah Santry,Great game especially if you need to learn to manage money!
,Recommended,446020,22583122,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Geari,"I love this game!Firstly, I feel the need to compliment the developers, as they are very active, and they seem to care and love for their game, which is always nice to see!After figuring out that I was able to do the journey without uncle (sorry!) I found the game a lot more enjoyable, as his dialouges really annoyed me.The concept and execution of this game is perfect. After playing the game for a few hours I was able to upgrade various parts of my engine, and the difference was noticable. This really made me feel like all breakdowns, hit and runs, and scuffles with uncle were worth it.Another thing I discovered...the radio. I kid you not this actually made driving more enjoyable!There are a few features that are missing or not implimented, but this is to be expected with early access. The only notable bug is the blame for collisions with AI vehicles, as currently if an AI car crashes into you, the player will still be blamed.I can certainly recommend this game, as despite it being in early access, it has a lot of content, and is fairly well polished. I look forward to future updates!"
76561198105054400,Recommended,446020,22592296,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,FatAce,"Very fun and detailed game. Needs even more detail and parts and more roads and countries, more cars would be very cool!"
76561198272400236,Recommended,446020,22596135,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Biotox | Melon,This game is amazing and I do recommend it but you need to expect a lot of bugs because I think it is in pre-alpha if not than alpha and there is little content but there is still a lot of upgrading you can do. This is my most anticipated game of all time and it delivered what I expected.
,Recommended,446020,22596493,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,DrakeSummers,"It was by luck I was checking the store and this game came across my feed, I took a look and after 30 seconds It was in my collection. I am not one for driving games but this seemed more than just a driving game, sort of a casual drive around Eastern Europe heading to a final destination.First playthrough I crash and ruin all the engine parts and didn't know that I could use the map to go home and fix/replace everything and be back on the road.Next playthrough I found 2 boxes on the side of the road with padlocks, with an itch to know what was inside the box I used what fuel money I had left and brought a crowbar for 25 Marks (that's a good deal right?) and went to open them and find Coffee, Coffee which would JUST allow me to break even for buying the crowbar.I did a little stream of it to show other people (why not) and well the below video will show you my final experience of the game so farhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tz1AA0m6wXsYes it is early access and yes there is a long way to go for the development of the game but it is a beautiful little gem with a bright future ahead."
76561198009646639,Recommended,446020,22598446,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Idris,I cannot wait to see what this is going to evolve into over time.
76561198021671754,Recommended,446020,22600336,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Antis,I thumbed this up only I wanna support the development. Quite a few bugs so if you don't like them don't buy it.
76561198208433712,Recommended,446020,22603742,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Someone thickkk,Its a good game if you want to play a driving game.its in early EARLY acces it has a lot of bugs.This is a really fast review of the game Jalopy
76561198071042632,Recommended,446020,22604019,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Joe,This game is actually pretty fun it's early forsure but it's got enough to keep you busy it's hard to manage your fuel early on but you'll learn to budget better your car breaks down just about every day but it is dilapidated the game is cheap in price so you can't go wrong
76561197995179379,Recommended,446020,22612860,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,dumb.boy,"Seemed Like a great fun game intill it kept glitching and the old guy sat down in the middle of the road xD Get it later its still quite glitchy,but yeah funn"
,Recommended,446020,22617104,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Ben 10'',"Hell ye boi, this game is the game that you didn't know you wanted.Loads of potential, already fun as ♥♥♥♥, and upgrades! Who doesn't like upgrades?!10/10 Would break down on autobahn and get ticketed for people smashing my car again."
,Recommended,446020,22618478,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,DeathReaperGaming,"This game is awesome! Very few glitches and they're not game breaking so I can deal with them. You build a car by putting in the engine and all that. THEN! you drive! you go on a trip with a man, meanwhile managing your gas and componets while they sit in a car that requires you to go in reverse to go up hills! 9/10 possibly 9.5 Most unique experience available on steam and at a fantastic price! Highly Recommend."
,Recommended,446020,22620699,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,klehman775,This game is amazing even though it has some bugs its worth playing and buying just to support the developers.
,Recommended,446020,22621173,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Combat Sneeze C137,"Very interesting and promising, but very, very early in the development process at time of writing. I love the idea and the devs are clearly on the right track, but it's very janky at its current stage. I can tell this is the kind of game I'm going to end up loving, but if you're expecting it to be ready to play and not just to playtest, maybe hold off for now."
76561198239012462,Recommended,446020,22614088,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,EBB1414,"This game is amazing!!!! I don't think that I have played for 22 hours, but thants what it says right now!!!! By the way if you think your Uncle is annoying you can simply just leave him!!!! By the way when you respawn I would change out the busted car parts for new ones!!!! All in all this game is mainly about driving, and the experience is unreal!!!! If you're looking for a realalistic soft body physics game check out Beam NG Drive!!!! If you interested in building a car and getting out of it to do repairs this is the game for you!!!! Both games do involve driving though!!!!"
,Recommended,446020,22948247,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Đăřķ.xyz,So good
76561198170012499,Recommended,446020,22611971,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,IloinenUkkeli,"So the game itselfs is great!Goods:-cool craphics-good information-you can upgrade your car-realistic parts-money-little details that your car have (handbrake, inside lights, turnable mirrors and sunvisors, radio etc.)-landscapesCons:-steering-no steering wheel support for controllers-if you hit wall, the car stops immediately-if you exit the game, you have to begin again from your garage-some glitches (You can fall through some of the bridges etc.)-dump AI-no horn :DAnd I found that when you resume the game, there is the other Laika close to your Laika. So you can take som engine parts from it."
76561198028380810,Recommended,446020,22578899,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Kannoli,Car broke down in the middle of the Czechoslovak wilderness. 10/10#CommunismSux
76561198033796388,Recommended,446020,22690555,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Filipe1020,"Bear in mind that this particular game is still an Early Access so a lot of things will change, anyway I don't personally buy games that early in development, but I see a LOT of potential going on with Jalopy, and I see that the developers are actually working hard on delivering this fresh new experience of driving down a long road, making sure your car won't break down in the way, if you like that kind of thing I'd definitely recommend it, but if you don't want to encounter some annoying bugs I suggest you wait a bit more."
76561198148859293,Recommended,446020,32575444,Posted: 19 June,all,g_altay,this game has many things going for it but it has some issues the first turkey looks like a desert even though I can clearly say it's full of grass second Istanbul is bigger than this and has more traffic 3rd progress is slow and its mostly minor fixes with I don t like and last and not least 4th it says ''a grand journey through the territories of the former Eastern bloc. ''Even though you're traveling the whole world other than that it is very good. I would recommend this for people who want to try something new and has a fetish for old cars but I do not advise you buy this if you don t like  early asses games progress is slow and yet more has to come(I know this is not helpful and painfully long so in a nutshell it's a good game but not a game for everybody.)
76561198177520883,Recommended,446020,33165302,Posted: 2 July,all,xXDeathToLifeXx,Very relaxing and enjoyable please make it siuncle travles with you :]
76561198294223833,Recommended,446020,22601024,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,dat floame ︻芫═──,i like this game but i would really love to have a way to paint your car that barf green and brown door really i dont like it dont like suit me so i love to be able to paint it but like put in in different paint so you can have stripes not really old like but i love to be able to paint it
,Recommended,446020,22580167,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Sharing,"drove a ~300km route with my uncle to dresdendistracted by a box of medicine on the road and stop to pick it upa car crashes into me, causing a 10 man pileup on the highwayglitch into the ground, fall through the earthuncle won't stop saying ""Oof!"" as we sink into the abyss10/10 would Jalopy again"
,Recommended,446020,22585028,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Sven,"Its a great game :Di played over 13 hours and i think its amazingthe beautiful countryside of CSFR is amazing i love itthe random broken Laikia you can scavenge parts wich i think is a great way to get better car parts for almost no money i found a Carbolyte Squash engine with 3/4 duribility (best engine btw).altho running in to some glitches i didnt mind them becoase sometimes there is a way to fix them without restarting the gameif you encounter a glitch where u cant click just pause and unpausealso a bad glitch that made me lost my engine is the one if you use out a engine repair kit and hold by accident your engine will get picked up and removed becoase the game thinks the engine is a engine repair kit.a other glitch i noticed is a glitch that in towns the shops gate closes way 2 much and you can walk thru the space and steal items :/altho it has some glitches its to be expected from a 0.4 alphai dont mind them becoase the developers are great and are working on removing them.the other intaresting fact is that im from croatia and well croatia is from yugoslavia so it will be intaresting to play the game and see how the developers present the countrys roadsanyway i love the game its great and you should defenatly buy it, its worth all the 13 euros you pay"
76561198112515531,Recommended,446020,26595943,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,The Great D.P.S.S,"This is a great game!, it's not just about driving a car, it' also lets you walk and mantain your car and the best part in my opion is the realsitc interior.(Pros and cons, this is still an alpha.)PROS------Realistic interior, everything works.TutorialSome immersionRealstic car driving.CONS----------Painfull early alpha.I'm not sure if the game even saves.I'm not sure if the game ends at the end of one border.CAR REQUIRES EXTERMLY CONNSITENT MAINTANCE."
76561198090538608,Recommended,446020,22622762,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,assless chaps,"Only played for a little bit so far but i love where theyre going with this. Still buggy but thats to be expected with such an early version of the game. you can change out each part of the engine and you have to maintain the car to keep it running properly. The mechanics arent intimidating either, everything is very simple yet to car guys like me is very satisfying."
,Recommended,446020,22629920,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,SaltyGoose,"After having played for a little while, i can say that this game in current form is short, yet it seems to have willing devs and a lot of potential for greatness. for the money it's worth it just to see how far the developers can go with it. would love to see suspension and braking components an addition to the game."
,Recommended,446020,27004375,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Optimore,"Recommended for fans of terrible cars, long road trips, smuggling, and countries that no longer exist.A psuedo-rougelike road trip game where you drive your terrible car across the former eastern bloc, taking goods out of boxes on the side of the road (or, alternatively, buying them from stores when they're on sale) and selling them to make money (smuggling them into a country where it's banned is optional, and lucrative if they don't catch and fine you). You must maintain your car, and if you don't and it breaks down (or if you run out of money to afford gas and/or hotel fees) you must return to your Uncle's dealership in Germany and start your ""Grand Journey East"" once again."
76561198255839015,Recommended,446020,25047313,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,N0DE,Im still hoping they fix this but my mouse won't stay in the middle of the screen. PLEASE FIX THIS
,Recommended,446020,22601507,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Zanriel,"Listen, this game is built in Unity which as we all know is kind of a mixed bag in terms of quality. However, the concept is awesome and I think this game is going to be good. Right now it has issues though, which makes me want to wait until it's spent a little more time in the oven before playing it. I certainly can't think of anyone I could recommend this game to UNLESS they're so charmed by the IDEA of it that they're willing to support something that may or may not work quite right at the moment.The issues?No gamepad support, controls are keyboard only, but they're not too bad. Looking around with the mouse while steering with WASD (or whatever scheme you prefer, for me it's ASD-Space) actually works fairly well. However, the game is honestly pretty buggy. The main bugs I've found are related to disappearing objects. Sometimes if you pick up objects or try to use them in the wrong order, or if you don't do exactly what the tutorial expects of you, you'll lose items. People lose tires, I've lost my wallet, it's a mess.Now that I've gotten past the first part (where you stop at a motel before crossing the border), I've found myself going in circles on the map. Maybe I'm just a terrible navigator but the map you can access in the car only seems to let you choose a route (which I presume is how it generates the terrain or roads) but it doesn't actually serve to help you navigate. All you can do for that is to follow road signs and hope you're going the right way, unless I'm missing something. In my situation, there was a road that went over a bridge, and if you keep following that road you'll circle back and go over the same bridge again and again. Or you can take a side (dirt) road, which still takes you back to that stupid bridge. By the time I realized I was still going in circles my car had almost completely broken down. All tires and engine components had 1/3 durability and I had no way to repair anything since a repair kit only has limited uses. Stuck.This game will probably be awesome when it's done, as long as the developers are honest and funded well enough to keep going. If not, then in its current state it's only about 30% playable. What I mean by that is that if you sit down to play, you have a 30% chance of things working the way you expect them to and to make progress, but there's a 70% chance that within a few minutes of starting you'll find yourself hitting a wall that prevents you from going any further, but without knowing for sure if it's a bug or if it's just you.What is this game? Think of a cross between Euro Truck Simulator 2 and FTL and you'll have some idea. A bit of randomness to it (so they say, I haven't been able to play enough to test that), combined with driving through European countryside in a vehicle that doesn't perform even as well as the car sitting in your own driveway. That's what this game is and it sure sounds awesome. The art style reminds me of ""Interstate 76"", anyone remember that game? I never had it but I've seen plenty of screenshots. That's what this game is, some interesting screenshots and a promise of something really cool behind it.I can only recommend this game to people who are captivated by the idea, but until it gets polished a bit more, and maybe has some basic quality of life features added (like a working navigational system maybe?), then I can't recommend it to the general public or any of my friends. So I'm giving it a thumbs up until I find out the devs are crooks or too scatterbrained to pull it off, then I might change my vote. So devs, if you're reading this, don't let me down!"
,Recommended,446020,25377368,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,badbomber9,"Comrades, this is the game for you!I'll knock off the cringe worthy commie talk.Why I bought itI bought Jalopy on a whim because it had a few things I like, East Germany, ♥♥♥♥♥♥-brick-cars-that-don't-crumple-and-will-likely-leave-you-as-a-scrambled-human-egg-if-you-crashed and 1980s things and junk.Places released and the futureSo far the game only has Germany, Czechoslovakia (it was easier when they were one country now I have to remember two damn Slavic countries) and Hungary. In sumarration Germany is a nice and smooth ride, Danke Adolf for the Autobahns and Danke Erich Honecker for maintaining them with Glourious Communism-with-a-face-but-also-terrorism-on-the-down-low. The Czechs seem to have gotten lazy and spent half their money on rebuilding Praha and then forgot to finish the roads. Hungary are dirt poor so it is only normal their roads are dirt also.Yugoslavia the damn revisionists are the next country to be added by the looks of it and then on to Bulgaria, assumedly not to upset Enver ""Bunk Bunk"" Hoxha, but lets face it Albania spent all their money on bunkers so they probably don't have roads anyway everyone just gets piggy backs from their ol' da's.I'm just hoping they'll include Romania and Polska as well as a nice little trip into the beautiful and wonderful USSR, those damn capitalist pigs, the Soviet Union was glorious, where rates of alcoholism and suicide were so high you'd probably be able to make a new mountain range out of the corpses.DownsidesNow the game has a few flaws. At the moment there isn't all that much to do, you sort of drive , sell your engine then drive home and rinse and repeat until you are swimming in Marks then you deck out your lawnmower whilst selling Wurst that you found on the roadside for a pretty profit.Now that is fun for a few hours, but then it sort of gets a little boring, but it is an Early Access game, so they will introduce more features, hopefully. Otherwise the game seems to be pretty solid, I have had it crash on exit almost everytime, but that might just a unity thing, Unity is sort of dogde like that.VerdictSo if any of that sounds good to you drop some money on this, otherwise just sit patiently and wait for full release and then go on one massive road trip through the collapsing husk of the Eastern Bloc."
76561198171882334,Recommended,446020,23591217,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,tijndejong9,Jalopy is a very nice game.If youre thinking about buying this game i would do it.
76561197975475684,Recommended,446020,35233164,Posted: 26 September,all,Srix,"Jalopy made me forget to eat and drink and pee today so I'm writing a review.I feel like this game combines the salient parts of three games I have loved:1. Euro Truck Simulator because you get to choose your direction in a semi-open world and bring some goods here and there for a profit2. Elite Dangerous because you get a persistent vehicle that you can upgrade, whether by purchase or by scavenge3. Car Mechanic Simulator because you get to chop and change the car's parts manually, and you have to do this *regularly*.Aside from all this I can see the developers (or modders if it's allowed) adding new vehicles and parts, new cities, new goods, new mechanics.Jalopy is yet another example of how graphics play second fiddle to gameplay."
76561198069067347,Recommended,446020,27225986,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Big Boss,Slav game 8/10
76561198104267447,Recommended,446020,25036716,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,zelek40,"I love this game! But I have two suggestions which can be added :1. Please add the Poland because I am a Pole and makes me sad when I see on the map that pass by thiscountry .2.Add work . For example , driving a truck with items for the store ."
,Recommended,446020,33665827,Posted: 19 July,all,veebles,Great driving sim that keeps getting better and sticks to it's premiseQuite playable with just a KB + Mouse and wheel support is forthcomingEvery update gives a reason to replay and beyondupgrading/customizing vehicle and keeping it running is funDon't need to be a mechanic to know how to playStrong supportive community and good basic help systemdev team very responsive allthewhile providing regular updates with cool extrasIt's the little touches of reality that make this a true gem in my libraryand who doesn't enjoy scavenger hunts for mystery boxes? :)good performance on my 5yr old el cheapo gaming rigcons:can't see what stickers look like applied before buying and some before actually applyingUncle keeps getting removed during EA developmentNPC interactions are a bit meh atmno Steam achievements or cards
76561198385478156,Recommended,446020,32165591,Posted: 3 June,all,brandencookies,its A good game i mean theirs nothing wrong with it
,Recommended,446020,26195764,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,TimelessTimelord YT,"I would defiantly recommend you buying this game, it was great fun and I still play it now. The thing I really love about this game that there are so many things to customise on your car. Now I do know that this game is still in early access but I do have a few things I would like to see improved to get more gameplay from it. 1.money, I really do enjoy how unique the way you gain money in this game, but I went on my first few journeys without seeng any boxes of creates to improve my car and make it to the next town. In my opinion it is just too rare to get boxes in this game. Anyway, I really enjoyed this game and how detailed every little thing is.I defiantly enjoyed this game and do recommend you buying this game - it is worth the money. I would give it a 5 🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟 for the Version  it is now."
,Recommended,446020,26219414,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Matelite05,It's a good simulator and the developers listen to the community and they have website where they report there they weekly developmenthttp://minskworks.tumblr.com/
76561198237174152,Recommended,446020,30224901,Posted: 27 February,all,You heard me,"This game is awesome. The landscape is grey, money always scarce, your car breaks down a lot and yet it has a subtle beauty and humour to it. This would be lovely even as a passenger."
,Recommended,446020,22623658,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,BeeSawd,"A hell of a lot of fun so far, if you like fixing things, calm driving and a bit of resource management you'l have fun to."
,Recommended,446020,22625977,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,SpaceMuffinAlex,"Theres not a lot of game here, but what's here is quite fun. I know I only have... Wait... how did I manage to put 6 hours into this? Anyway, there's a lot of potential, but Its more of a demo than a game. Its pre-alpha, so still lots of bugs, so be belicate with this one. If you like road trips and dark souls, this might be for you."
76561198165440727,Recommended,446020,35097458,Posted: 20 September,all,bowlcutboy,"I think this game is a relaxing chill out game. I really do like this game, but there are alot of bugs still like wall glitches, car getting stuck in the floor of the map and unconsitanty. I mean this by at the start of the game the uncle will not get in the car with you to teach you how the game works, there are holes in the ground that you can see all the way through the map with and the traffic sometimes works when it wants to.I am really looking foward to what this game will offer but that seems like it will be very far in the future at this point."
,Recommended,446020,31495493,Posted: 1 May,all,Asyrex2k,Driving on a rainy day is harder than driving on ice.10/10 would crash again.
,Not Recommended,446020,26409346,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,anefyon,"This game needs to really start picking up paces on updates and not crash every 20 minutes. Need to fix the FPS problem in the city. Glitches out everytime you Go Home, and crashes randomly.Please fixx...I do not recomend this game at all to people that want to have hours of gameplay."
,Recommended,446020,26664709,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Snekkest Snek,"Do I recommend this game? Yes.Is it a good experience? HECK YES.Is it buggy to the point of being unplayable? Sometimes but nothing serious as updates are blazing fast.No matter how I look at this game, I love it. It's unique, fresh, it has amazing atmosphere, addicting soundtrack (seriously, listen to ""Meine Laika"" song), amazing intractivity... and there's more. It really feels great to play.Remember. Laika is love, Laika is life. Always remember to care for your Laika, because Laika is love.Ich Liebe Meine Laika!"
76561198103172543,Recommended,446020,22591076,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Apple Cola,"-drive into town with best parts game somehow gave me-block gate in outershop-steal pricey items-save and quit-repeat-buy roofrack to steal more items-pay a team to kidnap my uncle-profit9.9/10 IGN  - I can afford to buy the entire CSFR, but now my uncle is complaining that the radio is too loud from his grave underneath his Laika Dealership home 10,000 km away."
76561198193540028,Recommended,446020,24693151,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Mandrake067,"Well, first of all, I'd like to let you know that this is a review of 0.05 version of the game. Due to it being in a pre-Alpha stage, it has a few bugs that will be fixed in next updates.The game itself is fun, has this idea of traveling in your beater car around Eastern Europe, while you have to get miney by selling things you find in the road so you can pay for the hotel and fix your car.Needs a lot of improvement, but has a very bright future.7.5/10"
,Recommended,446020,24700379,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,TreyGamr58,"My dad sometimes has me help him work on our cars and trucks. He's mostly a DIY hobbyist mechanic and has taught me a lot of taking care of my vehicle and not getting ripped off by a professional mechanic.This game tests what I have learned about cars in simplistic form.I then got fined for getting rear-ended by the stupid jerkhole AI whilst scavenging through penny-fecthing contraband I found on the side of the road.After trying and trying again, though failures, going broke, car getting broke, and game-breaking glicthes, and learning some tips and tricks, I reached the end of Hungary. So satisfying.Now to wait for the next major update. I can't wait 'till this project is done."
,Recommended,446020,22578879,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Chotato,"Jalopy is good. That's my first statement in this review. The concept for it is really unique, teaches the players about cars, how they work and very generally how to maintain them. In this state it is VERY buggy. VERY VERY VERY buggy. I would totally say hold off on buying it in it's current state unless you want to show support of the idea behind it like I did. In it's current state it is the epitome of an early access game. It's in no way bad, but there are bugs to be had all over the road (so to speak).For the average consumer: add it to your wishlist and buy it after a few updates or a saleFor the car enthusiests: If you're like me and love the idea of a fun, cartoony car game that also has a lot to teach future generations about our passion, hobby and general method of transportation, pick it up in support of the developers but know that this is VERY early access and you're not really buying it to play early at this point but more backing an idea.Update: Jalopy and its developers just keep impressing me with every update! They're very active in the community (They even replied to this review). There are some massive content drops that came out expanding the game by double and triple its original size. They've fixed most of the bugs I was talking about in my original review and genuinely care about their playerbase and their game which is more than a lot of devs these days. I really can't reccomend this game highly enough.If you enjoy rougelikes, cars, European history or supporting a truely amazing Indie Developer, buy this game as soon as possible!"
,Recommended,446020,22651340,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,SimuRabe [GER],"If you like the idea of driving and old crappy car (Trabant 601 Deluxe with Trabant P50 roof) through the ""east"" and beeing short of money and nothing else is PERFECT for this game !!!!!"
76561198100141924,Recommended,446020,22592619,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,ChimpGuy,Watched my uncle get possessed by a demon and screaming unhuman sentences at me. He then violently threw me off the map. 666/666 would get thrown off the map again
76561198153071908,Recommended,446020,22601737,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Makiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii,"As soon as this realised i bought it, with the first hour of gameplay i found i bug, when in the town, and near the hotel, if you pull the handbrake or you car has broken, it will do a looped text of to park at the hotel, and you need to restart the game for this, i still recommend it as this bug or glitch is probobly hard to encounter, and i rate this 5 star, and as always best of luck in development, and you guys."
,Recommended,446020,22609508,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,alan capone,MENTAL
,Recommended,446020,22617087,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Moyo,I like it
,Recommended,446020,22631660,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,HumbleGamer,"For an early access game, this is a HELL of a lot of fun! Yeah, there are glitches (like save & quit simply returning you to day one and only saving the physical changes you make to the car, not your location int he world), and it's a very simpliostic looking game, but once the full release comes out I think this is going to be a really good game. Fun, surprisingly complex and less a driving simulator but more of a survival/resource management sim (what with the car breaking down and you having to buy/sell goods to keep your wallet healthy!)If you're loking for another Euro Trucks, this will tick a couple of your boxes but not most of them. But, if you're looking for a really good fun, engaging, challenging and well designed rompo across the old eatern block in a run down, home-made (essentially) pile of junk that becomes a really endearing car, then this is the game for you!Cannot wait for full release!"
76561198100278011,Recommended,446020,22642267,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,StankFace,"This game really has potential, and I hope the developers stay on it. For now, i wouldn't recommend this game if you're sensitive to forced restarts, random crashes and clear signs this game is still pre-alpha."
,Recommended,446020,22618237,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,henry,"I love this game, it's pre-alpha and buggy and clunky but I love it so god-damn much.It's so unique and so enthralling it's just AAAA I LOVE IT"
76561198019846477,Recommended,446020,22572884,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Ec.Co.,"This is a very interesting game..! I like it but, because of the early access, I can't play it properly. For example, when the sun goes down and street lights on, the lights color is changing to pink. Maybe it is easy to fix it but it is giving a disturbance. In addition, I can't SEE my cursor on the main menu! It is really difficult to find it!!!    Please fix it!!!    One more thing, please make a tutorial for buying, selling items, etc... Maybe addition for keybindigs and PLEASE stop the other cars hit to my Laika!!! It is very annoying because really hard to earn money in this game!           This is pretty cool and different adventure game!"
76561198060033609,Recommended,446020,22575268,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,t0bi,I love this game!
76561198152522810,Recommended,446020,22579278,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,jsthomas715,it was amazing but it has a large chance of crashing
,Recommended,446020,22579503,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,UNAVAILABLE,"At the current state of the game, there is a s***load of bug. But I believe that the game has a lot of potential to someday become a really fun game."
,Recommended,446020,22580540,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Mastermaul,"A driving game for people who don't want a racing game. Assuming continued development, should be a great product by final release.As of 4/22/2016 I would probably wait a week or two before purchasing though as a few things get ironed out."
,Recommended,446020,24594140,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Spooky-Ghost,"Super relaxing driving game, like Truck Simulator with survival mechanics for your car.Lovely graphics, great atmosphere, interesting mechanics.The game still has some performance issues when it's night time in a town, but the game is in early access so it's forgiven.Check out the dev's tumblr, he's super committed and might even be a little bit too open with development progress, but the most recent update added a load of cool things.If you're not willing to support a weird idea that actually works really well then wait for the final release, I'm sure it will be great."
76561198274387978,Recommended,446020,24654237,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,alex1504 csgobounty.com,"this game is very good i like it, now with the new update you can customize more the laika.Continue like this MinskworksI recommand this game"
76561198179800550,Recommended,446020,24542229,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,funkypratt,I love Jalopy. It is a simple little game any age can enjoy! You build a old car and you Travel to diffrent places and keep it roadwothy:)  I recemend this game to all diffrent gamers. Have fun!
76561198002471602,Recommended,446020,24490791,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,I Fuck Food,"I saw it, hoped it was good, looked good, i bought it and held my breath.This is Long Dark but for road trips.It is a very good game. I played through it twice, not really intending to get far, or know what i was doing, and knowing these trial runs would establish how i felt about the game. On my third run, I felt i understood the mechanics enough, loaded my car correctly, hit gas stops, bought a crow bar (For your sanity, buy one every run.), and eventually made it into Hungary and got to the bridge. At the bridge, after giving my papers, I paused and left for 15 minutes and returned to a crashed game. Assuming it was unsaved. Now im writing this.So all that above took me about 3 to 4 hours. I was extremely into it that whole time. Looking at the frozen screen, the bridge to Hungary as the morning sun comes up, in a car I feel connected to, a car I've scavenged for parts, and swapped its pieces for others, I cant wait till i get into the next trip.Inventory system feels wierd...? Trunk and what it can and cant hold took time to get use to, but i ultimately fell in love with it. Stacking things all over, as you would. Still dont fully understand the items that do nothing, trade items i guess.Im Irked by the fact that i saw the cigarette lighter in the car, played with it, saw ciagarettes in a store, bought some, but then had no clue how to ""use"" them. Eventually decided i couldnt? That made me sad. They went in the trunk.Driving with WASD, in a game like this, doesnt feel great sometimes.  Jerking the car around a turn. Is there controller support? I dont know. (ill go look after this.)For a game in this early a build, its fantastic.Cant wait to see how much better it gets.9/10 from me.Very satisfied with a 12 dollar tag."
,Recommended,446020,24565933,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Obi Wan Kenobi,"This game has huge potenial. I would throw this on your wish list and wait until maybe the end of the year to get it or more. I currently have experinced more bugs then any other early accses game, visual and gameplay. ALTHOUGH, this game has an amazing idea. The detail in the car and the environments is more then any other I have played. This game is a survial game for your car. Fixing it, making sure you have enough fuel, grabbing things off the road to sell. It makes a boring driving around game alot more intense. Bugs can ruin your experince though. For example I want to stay at a hotel in the second town since I have left home and the game has slowed down to about 10 fps. Also, I cant pay for my hotel room. So jsut little annoyances like that can get to you. I have faith that the devs will fix these bugs though.Devs please dont abandon this game. It has great potential."
76561198279037045,Recommended,446020,24206931,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,joebartron,"A game with a unique play style and art style, once the advanced settings are tweaked it is not that glitchy and is truly enjoyable to play. I love the roadtrip feeling. I cannot wait for the map to be heavily expanded so the game does not suddenly stop at Hungary! As soon as the Uncle said ""If the bridge is broken, we must go home."" I knew the game was coming to a close :(. With that being said, it was still a relaxing and fun 2.5 hours. I would love to see a snowy weather effect and modifications to make your wheels better (I do not believe those exist yet). Good gameplay, would reccomend. 5/5."
,Recommended,446020,24167788,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,lions2020,This game is pretty good but I do have something to say about it. Decent game but the only problem with it is its not finished. I think if you really want this game go at it because It has tons of potential. I ended up refunding it due to it being incomplete. The Pros of it are great realism with the parts in the car and great story line. The cons are it needs a lot of work done to the game itself. I really hope the developer continues to develop on this game due to no update or information since june 29th. I recommend it only if you enjoy early access games but if you want a finished project wait 6 months to a year.
,Recommended,446020,24199574,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Press Your Luck,"shut up and let me drive, grandpa"
,Recommended,446020,32438800,Posted: 15 June,all,akiradice,"I picked this game up because I am a big fan of the ""new wave"" of first person indie titles emerging in the market lately. I bought it blindly after learning it was a game about maintaining a vehicle as you journey across the countryside. I also rarely purchase early access games or games in pre-alpha, beta, or whatnot. I was very pleasantly surprised by the quality of the game already. It has a bit of a learning curve but I love the lack of ""hand holding"" in it. I have had to restart my game a few times after becoming familiar with the ins and outs and that, to me, is rewarding. I very much look forward to the progress of this game and will continue to support the devloper(s). If you're a fan of games like Gone Home, Papers, Please, or recent Blendo games, you'll probably enjoy this."
,Recommended,446020,33314082,Posted: 6 July,all,Cap´n Jaques Buttscrape,"very nices, would buy again. got to Turkey and after that there wasnt really much to do"
76561198040408911,Recommended,446020,22721610,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Aethax,"This is a great game! The soundtrack I think is pretty good, The gameplay is good, and you don't need a quantum computer to run the game!Pros:Good StoryNice art styleYou could play it on a 2008 laptopNice gameplay mechanicUpdates every friday and thursday ( i think)Cons:It's quite buggy right now but most of the bugs are gone or being fixedOver all I give it a 8.5 out of 10"
76561198131286590,Recommended,446020,22642017,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Streak Valkyrie,Game is good and has fun concepts but the controlls activly glitch out and bug up. very often I have to quit out because an item gets stuck in my hand and i cant drop or use them. Or the characters friend gets stuck mid dialog and breaks the game. The game is still very fun though I still havnt gotten more than a mile down the road without the game doing somthing to permantly stop me.
,Recommended,446020,24440047,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Simon Bitdiddle,This game is the logical combination of the casual relaxation of a walking simulator and the fun of a driving simulator.
,Recommended,446020,26524480,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Gannon,"Great game,Great art style. The dev communicates with the community often and fixes most issues in a timely manner. Does regular posts with updates and news of development. And the pace of development is regular. If you like to drive cars and tinker with them and have a love of 80's cold war europe give it a shot. It's a good chill game with a lot of potential."
,Recommended,446020,27194870,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Pac,"An Interesting early access game where all you are doing is driving your car, fixing it when it breaks, upgrading it and finding things on the side of the road.To me it seems a nice simple game kinda relaxing to play that has a lot of potential to be something amazing."
76561198336377098,Recommended,446020,26630802,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Anonymous 954,it crash's but i love it
,Recommended,446020,23616368,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Reyhz,"Bought this game,played,built the car,found some boxes,sell some wine/russian vodka bottles and smoking cigarettes for a total of 500 DM,upgraded car,take the road from CSFR to Hungary,fliped the car because of bugs,game crashed,lost everything,raged,wanted to uninstal the game but even this button is bugged,kept the game and still playing it.So, to be serious, i recommand this game because it's a really good one, very promiting BUT very very very bugged at this time but keep in mind that is a pre-alpha game and got a load of improvement coming.Recomand this game 8/10because:+ Good driving simulator+ Indie+ Tuning+ Story+ Repairing- Uncle ( you'll see it, he's cool at first but become very anoying )- bugs ( deal with it, i said PRE-ALPHA bluid )- russian vodka"
,Recommended,446020,24501189,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,21,"This game is alright if you wanna sit in a virtual car and drive to various citys in central Europe.My experience so far has been based on a few major events that have happened to me while I spent my time driving to Dresden.First I had completed my 30 minute tutorial and exited the game since my Audio was off and wanted to hear how the engine sounded. I had to save and exit my game to turn off my johnny cash spotify radio and to turn on ♥♥♥♥♥♥ edm radio and a lack luster engine noise of my beloved USSR jalopy.After driving for a few minutes I approched a tunnel where there were doors on the side of the tunnel literally 3 feet away from the highway road like wtf. None of the 3 doors opened to anything because none opened, but i thought it was worth a shot.Anyway, another hour or so had passed in reality while a nighttime of german  black♥♥♥♥♥midnight♥♥♥♥♥scenery was all to be seen. I even saw a german castle that i could make out of the black on black  silloutte.♥♥♥♥ IT, game just isn't entirely ready yet, but I have strong hope in the community and the teams working on it. Yeah, it's fun tho  play that♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,446020,24730991,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Franchan,This game more or less feels a little Jalopy itself
,Recommended,446020,22648794,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,SnowMew~,"It's a really good concept of a game, taking a Gearhead Garage style mechanic (no pun intended) and combining that with a driving adventure. The game pretty much plays out like a Top Gear Driving Challenge, without three pillacks causing problems along the way and instead one pillack with their controller, well maybe just me then, you're probably good at games.A lot of peope are crying out saying there's a lot of bugs and yeah an Early Access game is nothing without bugs but if you're okay getting them caught in your teeth then I'd reccomend you grab it now to support it, otherwise just wait until it's a little more optimised or even just out of EA."
,Recommended,446020,22663726,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,BaconOnARock,"the way i would describe this game is a jalopy, it needs fixing, it has problems, but your gonna stick with it, because it has heart and soul, it just feels so... comfy? yes comfy. thats the best word i have to describe it. point is, its 12 bucks, that aint gonna break the bank for a game this comfy.this game has a lot of potential, you can feel it when you play, the only massive issue ive been running into, which i hope will be fixed soon as most other people have the same thing, is the car pile up thing, other than that 10/10 would buy 'stuff' again."
76561198120430420,Recommended,446020,32161321,Posted: 3 June,all,Blackspider,Best game ever!!! Awaiting for more updates
,Recommended,446020,26497981,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Uncle Sam the Sentry Man,"Awesome early access game ive played along with Subnatica, i love driving around in my little car, if you want a good road trip game you must get this, the game runs amazing, it looks fantastic, the driving is nice and fun, let me repeat, if you want a GOOD driving game get this, unless you dont like annoying people on the road (im not joking, they just tail gate you and when you stop to get soemthing on the side of the road they will honk until you move and it gets annoying)"
76561198016813118,Recommended,446020,31873656,Posted: 20 May,all,Tosa12,This game has a great concept to it. I like the idea of gearing up for the road ahead and being self reliant when problems occur. I think they need to add a ton to it though. It would be nice to either find more boxes or have the items sell for more as the constant repairs and upkeep will wipe you out fast unless you cheat and just keep selling things at your uncles garage at the beginning. The road to the Bulgaria and Turkey border is also INSANELY twisty I understand it should be pretty curvy but the turns are extremely unrealistic I had to back up and turn on a few just to stay on the road and I also drove off into a glitched out portion of it and ended up hanging off the side of a cliff. I like the music in the game would be nice to have that expanded on. There is a lot of room for improvement and additions I really hope the developer keeps up with this game cause it could be really fun. I think there should be more sights to see on the journey also would be cool to see bilboards. You could have Hitchhikers that pay you a little bit of money for a ride also. Overall great concept decent game but needs a lot of work to truly be enjoyed.
,Recommended,446020,33614225,Posted: 17 July,all,Yrreb,"Only played it for three hours but I'm very pleased with how the development is going. I saw it on the Steam store yesterday and I was reluctant to download it, thinking it was ""just your generic indie game"". I was quite interested to see how the driving mechanics worked and I'm more than impressed with them. Once you get the hang of what's what in your car, it's satisfying to drive along and come across different scenarios such as running low on water etc. Many thanks to the developers behind this title!"
,Recommended,446020,25320795,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,TRO.Vesuvius,"Note: Since the game is in Early Access, expect to encounter bugs/glitches and whatnot.Gameplay (10/10)The game's concept caught my attention as it involves being responsible for maintaining an old vehicle while driving through former communist states in Europe. Earn money by selling goods found in boxes on the side of the road and keep an eye out for the vehicle's part conditions, battery charge, and fuel level as you drive (like a car-survival genre of some sort). You can also upgrade your vehicle's components and add extra parts and paint jobs through the Laika shop. The game is easily understandable with an in-game tutorial and a vehicle manual to acquaint you with the Laika 601's functionalities. I recommend this game to those who are interested in vehicles especially in the sense of having the responsibility of maintaining one.Replayability (8/10)As of Sept.3,2016 the game 'ends' at Hungary but you have the option to return home via menu or map and keep your current vehicle & components, credits, and any item stored in the car. Every route (especially the long ones) always provides a challenge and certain 'special locations' not typically found on short, sunny routes.Extra Info & Tips:-To sell items, just equip them and give them to the cashier at the shop/gas station. There's a lever by the counter in case you want to cancel the items you want to buy.-Accidentally dropped your wallet out of the car? It'll return to your car where it's always stored (glovebox)-You can always get out of the car and walk to the nearest appropriate shop in case your car breaks down or use the restart/return home option (I recommend walking to the nearest shop because it adds a feeling of realism and adventure)"
,Recommended,446020,22573381,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Emperor Trump,"Jalopy...A game so undermined by MSC community, a game so well thought out and created in harmony with the active playerbase, a game with it's very own style, a game with roguelike mechanics so seemlessly implemented, a game with disturbing and amazing unintended message, a game about a broken down car...Jalopy is really a very underestimated title by a not really recognized developer ""MinskWorks""/Greg Pryjmachuk. This game, even if not even done yet is by far (like an another galaxy kinda far) the best EA title on Steam. The game certainly has it's flaws like low frames, AI breaking, and some crashes here and there, but it still keeps you in the zone even if it really just hates you...It's a game the developer and publisher have to... HAVE TO be proud of"
76561198112304952,Recommended,446020,22576077,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,6 Meter kuk,The game may have bugs but if you can deal with them the game will turn out to be really fun
,Recommended,446020,22578167,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,My Summer Car,I'd say this is a great game. i love the idea of just driving about in a procedural world and upgrading your car and all that fun stuff. there are many bugs in the game which im sure will be fixed soon seeing as its released more people can report the bugs. and i would definately recomend it. if ur able to look past these bugs
,Recommended,446020,22579138,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,PenguinMkenz,"An amazing game. An amazing concept. Yes, the game is buggy. I've seen some bugs myself in my 4.6 hours of gameplay so far. But the devs SAID it would be buggy, so I forgive it there.Pros:-Amazing concept-Great Attention to Detail (Hood latch, lights inside car work, fuel mix, kits run out)-Music is muted/unmuted via a car radio, and turning it up will cause the Uncle to shut up.-The Uncle's comments(*Hits a guardrail* ""Ouch"")-Devs communicate with community-Et CeteraCons:-Ticket system-Bugs such as Uncle sitting in air*Suggestions:Usual stuff. Horn would be nice.Also, a comment from Uncle is ""Turn the hazards off, we don't want to be pulled over,"" implying cop presence. So why not be able to steal from Gas Stations, but end up with cops on your tail? That would be cool.Overall: 10/10 for Concept and Execution.10/10 would have car randomly start smoking again.*Bugs forgiven as Devs are know and communicate openly about this issue."
,Recommended,446020,22641708,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,BritishRail60062,"Be warned. This game is still a work in progress but I am looking forward to seeing how this develops. At first you have to build your car from parts and I would recommend playing the tutorial if you are new to the game as it will make sense of what you can expect from the game whan you buy it as I bought this in the recent promotional sale. So far, I am enjoying the game but there is some issues that will need to fixed. The first problem is that the car struggles to climb the incline near the gas station and it feels like you are driving a heavy truck. That is not realistic for a 2 car saloon car as a underpowered Ford Ka can climb an incline to access the motorway. The second problem and I really dislike about thsi game is the AI physics for the traffic cars. They smash into the rear of the player car which happened to me when I stalled out on the motorway/freeway access incline. That does need to be fixed sooner or later as it is not very realistic and this is not Grand Theft Auto. I also hope that the car will have a better streering wheel that is curved and smooth polygons as the edges is like a sliced pizza :). Also I would recommend using higher resolution textures for the cabin inside the car as well. But apart from those issues I have mentioned, this is a good game with lots of potential and I would recommend anyone that is interested in this game to give it a try.I will make a new review when the game progresses further.Overall Rating: 6/10"
76561198014399972,Recommended,446020,22581185,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Lowridingorilla,"Very Happy with my purchase of this game. Be warned in is in pre-alpha stages so the game is limited in length, but still shows a very strong potential for an excellent finished product. Love the details incorporated with the car, have a few minor issues/bugs I have found, but they are expected with the game in this stage. Would recommend the game to anyone who is a fan of driving/ resource management type games."
,Recommended,446020,22581337,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,oscar holmes,"Not a bad concept but, the fuel it takes jfc i ran out of fuel in front of the border"
,Recommended,446020,24494203,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,R0WSD0W3R,"I love this game. It's early acess, and it has issues. At the normal price it's not quite worth it. I got it on a sale, and for that price it's well worth it. The Devs are doing a great job on updating it. Buy it if it's on sale, or wait and buy it when it gets full release. Really fun, Also the Devs actually listen to and communicate with fans about issues with the game."
,Recommended,446020,24504951,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Prince,"This game i can see the potentional it actually was fun to play,  liked being able to tear down the engine, build it back up, great.the bad, its easy, the clipping is annoying,i actually rolled the car too taking a small little corner, no way to get it back on its top.Great game, i like it yes"
,Not Recommended,446020,30674527,Posted: 22 March,all,JohnMac,"Dont waste your money on this. I have had this game for 8 months and back then it was extremely buggy and you couldnt even get past the tutorial without multiple restarts because the game was so broken.Fast forward to today, and i just had to restart 4 times before i could even play because the AI kept bugging out and not allowing the tutorial to progress any further....Even if you can overlook these issues, the game itself is very boring and lifeless, the driving sucks as it feels like you are driving on an ice sheet, the AI sucks, the graphics suck, the audio sucks...Really, just dont bother. Its not worth your time and certainly not worth the money. Will try again in another 8 months and see if anything has improved, but i wouldnt hold my breath...Note: This is the stinking and childish attitude of the game developer, taken from other reviewers that wasnt rude, but gave an honest opinion.http://imgur.com/a/TdpbShttp://imgur.com/a/wxpsDhttp://imgur.com/a/IYSI8I just want to point out the issues i talked about are well known with dozens of forum posts going back months and months, so this is nothing new to him. Avoid this game.Dont support devs who treat thier customers like this and cant handle negative reviews without getting all butthurt and leaving snarky remarks."
,Recommended,446020,26047950,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Bonzi Buddy,a fun little game with cool graphics! would be cool with controller support like a whell or a controller
76561198031188820,Not Recommended,446020,26607106,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,scott.outwater,"problem is, it worked fine for a while, but now i can't get past loading screen please fix it to earn positive review wait a while before buying"
,Not Recommended,446020,28212795,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Log247,I loved the game before now I hate it. The reason is because a crash folder always pops up.  If anyone has this problem tell me.
,Recommended,446020,35483152,Posted: 4 October,all,jjohnisme,"Neat little game.  Kind of dull at first, but you get into it.  Not a fan of the tin radio though  ;)  I recommend bringing your uncle along."
76561198144296919,Recommended,446020,35506697,Posted: 5 October,all,GForce Darwin,very good yes?
,Recommended,446020,35501386,Posted: 5 October,all,MK~XW,GREAT GAME.hoping for add the custom radioi wanna play my own music on the car radio station _(:зゝ∠)_
76561198104924580,Recommended,446020,22623400,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Black Roboto,"WARNING: VERY VERY BUGGY RIGHT NOWHUGE POTENTIAL!AWESOME GAME, WOULD RECCOMEND!not just a driving simulator!"
76561198047906108,Recommended,446020,26492108,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Ashedan,"So simple, yet so fun."
76561198100287405,Recommended,446020,24509915,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,BoneHead,This game has so much potential. I can not wait for new updates!
,Recommended,446020,23363346,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,YouTube/ACB,"Amazing game, some bugs here and there but I'll let it off because its an alpha. Looking forward to future updates."
76561198022271461,Recommended,446020,23389024,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Mrq,"still in the early days, has a lot of bugs but definitly polishing upi for one will unistall and wait for an year or two when this will be final and a gemthe dev should really take an approach to TEST DRIVE, make it as it should have been :)"
,Recommended,446020,22785615,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Magnetom,"This is a very fun game. Now mind you, it's Early Access and that means there are a few things that need ironing out and you may encounter glitches and bugs from time to time but since i bought it, they have been actively updating it and fixing these things. You start out with an old eastern-bloc Trabant vehicle analogue called the Laika. You start out with all the parts, the carburetor, air filter, fuel tank, ignition coil, water tank, 2 stroke engine and the like, but throughout the game one must continue to take care of these parts to keep their vehicle running, parts can be found in abandoned vehicles and bought with money which can be obtained by selling items found in crates on the roadside. It's a very solid and enjoyable game, hard to find original titles like this anymore, definitely worth a play."
76561198076245459,Recommended,446020,23088788,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,............,"Game developers do not lie, game is buggy.10/10."
,Recommended,446020,23107913,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,mooremitchel,"Just a really fun game. The amount of room for expansion in this game makes me very excited for the future. It is currently version 0.4, a very early pre-Alpha stage and it's already very fun. It seems a little tedious at the beginning, but as you play it more it becomes easier to fix your car, and change the tyres. The game is very buggy, but again it is a very early stage. The bugs I've encountered haven't crashed the game or anything, and most of the time they just make me laugh. Really excited for the next update!"
,Recommended,446020,29013699,Posted: 4 January,all,Caucasian,"Game is so great, also I liked those graphics and concept tho. But a bit buggy for now, crashes, low fps, funny glitchs. That's all will be fixed and be improved for sure. I might update that post after game totally completed."
,Recommended,446020,29021394,Posted: 4 January,all,Grant,"It's very fun and I recommend it, but its not what I expected it would be. Might buy it later on in development. Nonetheless, its a great game and I recommend it if you like sandbox free-reign games like this."
,Recommended,446020,22619518,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,res7lesskiller,Its like ETS2 but for Communists. - 10/10 IGn
76561198110602962,Recommended,446020,22657324,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,NZELI,I need help..........I have an addiction to going to the motels and stealing one newspaper and one paper cup and selling them.I get about 0.55 marks.
76561198398228908,Recommended,446020,34094535,Posted: 7 August,all,jariussims8,the game is realy awsome but we need more towns
76561198120741536,Recommended,446020,31533748,Posted: 3 May,all,delta,an over all great game but one thing is its is only for a relaxed gamer
,Recommended,446020,33015748,Posted: 29 June,all,ExtraCheesyPie,"It's like a driving roguelike!Sort of. It's pretty relaxing and entertaining, although it feels a bit short on content at the moment. As it's not finished yet, the main goal is slowly making enough to upgrade your car to full, but when you finally do it, it feels a bit underwhelming. Regardless, the journey is more important than the destination, and it's a damn good journey. You have to navigate the pastoral yet hazardous randomly generated roads of Eastern Europe, while keeping an eye out for goodies and juggling your inventory and money. It would be a perfect game save for the shortness and numerous bugs. Despite this, I think it's reached a point that it's worth the price, and I eagerly await more updates."
,Recommended,446020,33019809,Posted: 29 June,all,KoldSlaw,"What a pleasant game, try not to run out of gas in the muc because your stuck. Great game though, loved spacing out and doing it!"
,Recommended,446020,33699699,Posted: 21 July,all,LieutenantTickTock,"With active devs and plenty of content on the way, Jalopy is definetly worth the new price"
76561198339169403,Recommended,446020,33384876,Posted: 8 July,all,karolj280j,FAJNIE BY BYLO NOWE AUTO
76561198300028505,Recommended,446020,24174515,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,P0NCH02,It's a good game yes but for me the game keeps crashing but i like the game so much i dont really care. Thank u for makeing Jalopy
,Recommended,446020,33509778,Posted: 13 July,all,embeeeee,"Had brutal neck pain from work. Got a long massage followed by a few beers. Body was completely numb, mind unable to do anything productive. Decided to play Jalopy for the rest of the evening. Greatest decision of my life. CZECHOSLOVAKIA HERE WE COME"
76561198048891260,Recommended,446020,33775296,Posted: 24 July,all,Derpspwaer,best car game ever 1000 paws outa 10
76561197971315052,Recommended,446020,33888998,Posted: 29 July,all,pvdp,"It is a grinding game.If you got a lot of time you should buy it.I believe it is way to slow but if you find something it gives you the kik to keep playing.For now I recommend it, but only just!"
,Recommended,446020,33526365,Posted: 13 July,all,Wally,very gucccci
76561198127003657,Recommended,446020,29958022,Posted: 16 February,all,AUU NU CHEEKI BREEKI,how to sum this up1.car repair sim2.commie car sim3.tires burst haff way thru checkoslovakia4.engine keeps breaking5.I LOVE THIS GAME
,Recommended,446020,31509526,Posted: 2 May,all,Bosh,It's like a truck simulator except you're not in a truck you're in the ♥♥♥♥♥est car in the world and it's really stressful oh god why does my engine keep exploding please stop
,Recommended,446020,28856110,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Voli,"I just cant stop playing this, its like i found my kind of addiction, a sloppy made car that was created on half thought, and you know what, i love it and i love seeing where this game goes in the future."
,Recommended,446020,23416191,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Yenshu,I LOVE it !Thank you for this game !
,Recommended,446020,22592811,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Duckson,ok so one hour in and it seams.. like wow this is sort of a survale/ simutlartor in that you can just driver forever there is fuel and you cant just clik on a thing with out doing the right steps :-) like open the hood you have to first pull the lever that holds down the hood before going out and open the hood :-) and change tires is not just cliking on them nop you have to jack up the car first before loseing the bolt and then take off the tire :-) if you like that sort of thing and can see past the gfx (wiche is its own thing now♥♥♥♥♥seen on the sceenshots ) then it is a fun little game and its only just got in to ahlpe :-)
76561198068452722,Recommended,446020,32753185,Posted: 24 June,all,Halopro895,"Even in the geames Early Acess state, I have had tons of fun driving around, upgrading, and maintaining my own little Laika 601. The Laika is a wonderful homage to the Trabant 601, and very well modeled. Only things are just a few bugs here and there, but they will likely be patched later on because again, this is Early Access. I've been playing for hours and I can't reccommend this game anymore if you love the Trabant 601, Communist Cars, or even cars in general. I'd give it an 9.5/10 due to a few minor bugs."
,Recommended,446020,30155851,Posted: 24 February,all,[V!P] PoisonWalnut,Great GAme Can Be Glitch Sometimes Big Hope For This Game
,Recommended,446020,22811569,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Ibby the Snugglebug,"Please note; this review was written for Pre - Alpha 0.4, the game under review is therefore not necessarily reflective of the final version.I would like to begin by assuring you, if not made evident by the positive declaration heading this review, that I have enjoyed what I have seen so far from this game. While it is in pre-alpha state, however, it is still a paid for product and must be reviewed as one.TL;DR for those who don't want to go through the whole review: Game's good, go buy.Browsing 'YouTube' one day, I came across a video featuring 'Jalopy' posted by the famous internet based videogame journalist 'Jim Sterling'. In this video, Mr Sterling gives his thoughts on his first few moments of gameplay and, from what I saw, I became immediately enammoured with it.I quickly leaped onto the 'Steam' store and searched 'Jalopy' in the search box. Considering what I'd seen of the game through the aforementioned video, I put the game on my wishlist and purchased it shortly after.I'd describe this game, if pushed, as a rogue-like with elements of a driving simulator; in which the player is tasked with travelling from location to location along partially randomly generated routes trading for supplies and performing maintenance in order to journey for as long as possible.The game is undoubtedly buggy, very buggy. A comprehensive selection of screenshots featuring some of said bugs can be found on my screenshot library. Despite this, however, the game is a ton of fun, even in it's pre-alpha state.There may not be much to do and explore at present but what is here is incredibly enjoyable.STORY:There really isn't one yet.The premise is simple in that you and the old man are travelling from Berlin to (seemingly) Turkey, crossing across multitudinous borders, sleeping at motels, and trading at gas stations along the way. It is your job to keep your vehicle well maintained and manage your wallet well, selling goods to traders and smuggling goods across the borders.GAMEPLAY:Gameplay namely consists of driving along motorways and country roads as a means to travel inbetween cities, occasionaly stopping in order to pop the hood and maintain the engine or change the tires. Keeping fuel, oil, and water levels topped up as appropriate is also essential (the water less so as it's used for the wipers).Supplies for vehicle maintenance, and for trading, can be purchased at the occasional gas stations sometimes present along the various routes, or at marts (refered to as markets) that can be found in cities. It is also at these places that items found in boxes (found lying to the road side along the routes) can also be sold.The above is of great importance as sleeping at motels, and upgrading the vehicle at auto shops, requires money, but once you get used to how trading works in the game, you'll be making hundreds of dollars before you know it.MUSIC:There's little music in the game save for what can be found on the radio, for which I have no comment, save for that it does indeed sound like a radio. What music and other sounds are present, I do feel add to the overall atmosphere of the game and authenticism of the setting.GRAPHICS:Polygonal, but I find it endearing. Yes the graphics are basic, but everything looks like it belongs and it gives the game some visual identity to seperate it from other games made in the Unity engine.---I enjoyed this game very much, and even in this early state, it comes highly recommended. If you're into games that feature resource management, vehicle maintenance, or trading; then this is very much a great choice of game.Well worth playing and replaying."
76561197975017297,Recommended,446020,23427353,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Sunbagils94,i love it im waiting for the update but i have the best moter and a roof rack and a grill gared can wait for the new update
,Recommended,446020,35168498,Posted: 23 September,all,oh wow it's Dave,"Jalopy is a gem. I score it a solid 8/10. It had a fair share of bugs, forcing me to restart the game a few times. This is annoying as it moves your car back to the most recent checkpoint. For a game that's been out as long as this, there shouldn't be game-breaking bugs occuring with this frequency. Without bugs I would give Jalopy a 9/10.Gem is not a word I throw around lightly, but it's the most appropriate term for this game.In Jalopy you find yourself in the company of your aged uncle. He proposes a trip across the country from Germany in order to reach Turkey. Your means of travel? An old Laika 601, and all of the special problems that come with it.The game could use a more complex maintainence system. After a while it boils down to just applying your engine repair item to the various parts. You may have to make decisions as to what to repair, and when, but I wish there was more troubleshooting involved. When you open the hood, it's immediately apparent what's wrong. That's not how a real car works, and video games have their limitations, but I feel it could be reworked into something better.The story driven segment of the game is a decent length, took me about six hours to finished comfortably. The game doesn't end there though, you can drive around forever if you like.The game has all kinds of small charming things. To open the engine bay, you have to pull a level in the cabin. To drive, you have to start the engine by turning the keys and releasing the parking break. When you get out of your car for roadside repairs, it's a good idea to put the hazards on. When it rains, throw your wipers on. When it's dark, put your lights on. There's other things in the game world you can interact with to promote immersion, such as lightswitches and doors. Really small, but immersive things that I loved.Over time, you watch yourself develop into a skilled motorist and preventative mechanic. You collect upgrades for your trusty Laika, stop forgetting to turn your car off, and devise the optimal way to organize your trunk space. You feel confident in your fuel and vehicle condition to explore off-road paths, and discover the special things they may hold.You find yourself immersed in this journey, carefully maintaining your car and checking tires at every stop. You mix and match parts to figure out how you like to drive. You find yourself as a motorist with a destination, as the character of this game. It sneaks up on you in such a special way, that it's not an experience to rob yourself of.It's a fun little game, and more than meets the eye. At it's current price, I say Jalopy is a definite purchase."
,Recommended,446020,22635337,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Pielikey,"(April 25th, year of our lord 2016)is it good right now?nowill it be good one day?probably"
76561197997752428,Recommended,446020,29209542,Posted: 12 January,all,OneScoop,"Drive a lemon home for vague reasons! Curse the route you chose when paved road turns to a muddy tract! Praise RNGesus when you find another broken down Laika to yoink parts from! Smuggle coffee through customs! Break down and walk fifteen minutes only to realize you left your wallet in the glove box! Drive by the bare glimpses of the road because your windscreen is covered in mud and your water tank ran out 100km ago!tl;dr, 10/10, best post-soviet driving sim."
,Recommended,446020,23972530,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Chÿvv,"Got halfway to Dresden before the 601 crapped itself and stopped in the middle of the road, walked 10 minutes the rest of the way to buy a new carbie and walked 10 minutes back to the car to find some d*ckhead in a Lada had run up the a$$ of my broken 601. Took screenshots for insurance claims, got in the car to find a note that said 'penalty 10' anyway and then the car didn't start. 10/10, love this game :D"
,Recommended,446020,26301013,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,(#004)MOAB-Supp,I love this game and I would recommend it to anyone. Looking forward to the updates.
,Not Recommended,446020,29990544,Posted: 17 February,all,Butt Fairy,"Quite simple put I couldn't play the game. I finished the tutorial to set out on my journey, I pulled in to the Petrol Station, filled up, grabbed a repair kit and paid, at which point I was unable to add my new bought possessions to the car. As I removed items to check that I was not full, I was unable to add or replace any items in my trunk. I now had a completely empty car, the Storage page said I was empty too. No dice.The only way to proceed was to return home, so I started my journey again with a new car, all parts at 3/3 durability, and then my car broke down with a complete engine breakdown, all parts 0/3 and two wheels broken; no reason.Thirdly I finally made it back to the petrol station, at which point the after paying for my fuel and returning to my car, the gates had shut and were telling me to return all my goods, but I'd only got fuel and paid for it, at this point Id been playing for 2 hours and only encountered bugs and bugs.The game just wasn't playable, and Ive had it on my Wishlist for so long waiting for the spare time to enjoy a new game, and it's just, not a playable game."
76561198212342684,Recommended,446020,30340467,Posted: 5 March,all,dvaness322,"This is one of the best games that i have played! I played it for 11 hours in just the last two days. I like how you get to choose your path in the game but i just reached the end were it says please bare with us because this area is under construction, so i cant wait untill there is an update to expand the world. Every once in a while my car would get stuck in a wall for some reason and once i fell through the world, but i just have to restart that current path and it will be back to normal. This is a very good game and i cant wait for a bigger map!"
,Recommended,446020,35246177,Posted: 27 September,all,Комнатный РэМбО,"interesting game,but in urgent need of optimization"
76561198287235050,Recommended,446020,28605501,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,fastball621,"READ THIS RIGHT NOW  I personally LOVE this game, truly a funky, one of a kind game. If you love getting your hands dirty and don't mind the problems and bugs of early acess like me this game is for you! ;)"
,Recommended,446020,32621713,Posted: 21 June,all,Luke_406,"Nice game for a singleplayer game, nicely touring through the east of europe and also listening to Radio Berlin in Istanbul :D"
,Recommended,446020,31497315,Posted: 1 May,all,El Grando Smokio,"Very good game and fun, much further content and contains many bugs but it's worth it. Who likes my summer car surely will like this game."
,Recommended,446020,22735201,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Sgt. Laeffy,This is the greatest Mr. Bean simulator since Mr. Bean
76561198005784495,Recommended,446020,22642474,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,BeanyUndead,"This game is an oddity. I went into it saying 'this game looks like something that was thrown together by a team of primary-school students' and, if you look at pure graphical fidelity, it is a highly amateur-looking game. Seriously, the graphics look like something you'd see on an old 286 computer with a CGA monitor. That bad. But then you start to notice things; elements that are evidence of serious care and talent. Even the title screen looks terrible until you start seeing the subtle art choices, the position of the car relative to the newspaper and book. The trees in the background, the colour palette; they are all so polished and purposeful.You start the game and are again hit by the horrible graphics. I mean, when I played it, your grandfather's jacket is texture-less so it actually transitions the hold-textures while you're playing. Seriously, its an eye-sore; your granddad with the technicolour monochromatic jacket.Then you begin building your car - this is a masterful choice of opening. It does not matter that the graphics are terrible, because you begin to bond with this vehicle you are actually having to assemble. There are no shortcuts either (at least, no shortcuts compared to other games of the same ilk) as you have to reach under the steering-wheel to pop the hood and actually put the tires on the car, after jacking it up. You have to pour fuel into the engine, get the oil mix correct, add water to the windscreen cleaner - it is amazing for reason I have difficulty articulating.After a while you get on the road and everything from bugs, to mud, to rain affect your driving. It is incredible. You pull into a service station, fill up the car, take your wallet, use it to pay the cashier, you can buy tools, stock for smuggling...it is nuts how much to do there is in this game. Boxes on the side of the road can yield unexpected treasures, hotel rooms you stay in have unthought-of functionality. I have not even mentioned how you can stack things seamlessly in your trunk, kind of a mini-game of 3D Tetris.This game, in pre-alpha, was more fun to play than some AAA games. I like it for what it represents - gameplay over graphics. Trust me, this game is a blast."
,Not Recommended,446020,28685603,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Highgear1,"It its current state the game just doesn't work. Driving is a pain and figuring out how to buy things took me about 20 minutes. Your car will break in 3 minutes and repairing isn't even that in-depth of a mechanic. I want to be able to order things on the catalog and create my own vehicle, but honestly if the game isn't even fun to play, what's the point? I can see the appeal, and I wish it was more developed, but as of right now I can't hardly play the game. (Also extremely buggy but everyone else is already saying that.)"
76561198095329028,Not Recommended,446020,35184257,Posted: 24 September,all,Chunky Lover,"Beautifully austere aesthetic, and a brilliant idea... that I am unable to experience due to a game breaking bug (peripheral conflict) - Whenever I try to drive, the wheel locks to the left (this is with Keyboard/Mouse). If I try to use a controller, the camera (and mouse in the menus), scolls towards the bottom right corner endlessly. In short, this is the first game in a very long time that is actually unplayable for me.In fact, the only ""solution"" is to physically unplug whichever device is causing the conflcit. If this were a common problem, I would put it down to a tradeoff for being a gallant peripheral hoarder - but I'm affraid the responsibility lies with the developer on this one, as it appears to be unique to this game. I can appreciate a gamepad or wheel not working, as a lot of games have issues with those devices. But when I select the keyboard/mouse input option, I would expect a pretty straightforward experience. Not to be, which is really disappointing, I wanted to like this game."
76561198382899224,Recommended,446020,33618363,Posted: 17 July,all,Daniel,hleeo this is a great game this is the kind of game iv wanted there should be a added dinner to the game
,Not Recommended,446020,30043051,Posted: 19 February,all,Gary Dozer,"This game has some visual style trying to present itself as something original and  retro-style with some stylish low-resolution assets. But actually all asssets just look like a placeholders. It's boring to look at. Everything is dirt brown and dim. Retro style is there just to somehow justify a simplicity or primitiveness.The game is designed very badly. Right now there is no system or concept being developed step by step following a set road map. The development actually stuck with implementing different new game features with no vision how to combine them into something fun and playable. Thus you end up with an ability to sell your car's engine and then teleport back to your garage to install a new one. Or primitive tire system when shops will sell you a single tire rather then a full set.Trading game subsystem lacks any kind of idea behind it and simply ineffective and not fun. It's way more efficient to sell your car's engine and teleport back.Car handling. It just doesn't feel right. It's not intuitive.Game lacks in-game help and descriptions of it's rules. Little insight you can get trying to read tips on a loading screen. If you read fast enough.The idea of a road trip behind this game is great. But scenery lacks diversity, and goals are vague. Ideas worth dollar a dozen. What matters is vision and implementation.Bugs. There are plenty. They are being fixed. Yet, most of them are game braking and annoying.So, it's a ""Not recommended"" for now. Wait a bit for this game to grow up and mature."
,Not Recommended,446020,33901232,Posted: 30 July,all,Chimps,"A good cheap game, if it were cheap. Gameplay is very shallow, and there haven't been any significant updates in a while (other than a price increase). Save your money."
,Recommended,446020,26605032,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Ford Explorer //RUSTPO,"Car should be able to blow up, so I can sucsessfly bomb ISISBesides that, Its a good game."
,Recommended,446020,24707921,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,PhoenixShay,">driving down the road>found a box>put it in the trunk, brought it to the store>it was full of vodka>vodka stronk in mother russia>got 500 dollars from selling the vodka"
76561198282273623,Recommended,446020,29679506,Posted: 3 February,all,leftovers,Jalopy is a very good game! Its kinda like my summer car but way simpiler.
,Not Recommended,446020,29947004,Posted: 15 February,all,Skeleboners,"Pretty buggy, development hasn't progressed that far since the game first came out really, and there's a lot of really frustrating stuff going on. Also no wheel/controller support, which is a cardinal sin for a game principally about driving.For example- everything seems to wear at roughly the same rate, there isn't any real amount of randomness or anything to that effect in how quickly item durability degrades. So when your tires go... they all go at once. Consider that the Laika can only carry one spare, and you can only carry three items (two if you're carrying your wallet, which you need to actually pay for items you want to buy). This means that any time your tires blow, you're going to either have to deal with slow, slidy driving, or walk to the nearest shop to buy replacements twice. You also cannot tell what's in boxes of goods you find on the side of the road without opening them... and you can't close them again after you've opened them, meaning you'll have to carry the items individually back to your vehicle.Fuel drain is insanely overstated- I get that distances are compressed, but having to refuel every five minutes or so is more of an annoyance than anything. Engine wear is stupidly fast as well, with the stock parts usually degrading from full durability to 1 point left by over the course of a journey if you don't use a repair kit on them.Onto the bugs- In my time playing I encountered several. First, when refueling my car at a gas station, the gasoline I'd pumped into my fuel can and paid for magically disappeared after I took it back out of the trunk to check to make sure exactly that hadn't happened. Second- after all four tires blew out within a couple of seconds of each other, while replacing those very same tires (I had the good fortune of having them blow out near to a gas station), I managed to unscrew the nut holding one of the tires on, but was unable to remove the tire or re-tighten the nut. Because the jack won't go back down with an unsecured tire on the car. ALT+F4 ensued.Fix the bugs, institute some variance to how fast individual parts degrade, actually get some damn controller support, and halve the fuel drain rate and maybe it'd be fun. As it stands, though, I find it more annoying than enjoyable."
76561198114759995,Recommended,446020,25089987,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Yelawolf,"It would be awesome if there were other cars, that we could drive...like a pickup truck or something"
76561198135400731,Recommended,446020,24102487,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Chowdic,Stole a gas tank and filled the car up...Gate locked.PIcked up another gas tank and buys.  Gate unlocks...Car Full of gas and another gas tank.10/10 would steal gas again
,Recommended,446020,26753125,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,XiBiR,"Really fun game, can't wait to have more maps!"
76561198190490459,Recommended,446020,33118034,Posted: 1 July,all,jojo2591(ロリマスター),nice relaxing game to play when your bored
76561198137417535,Recommended,446020,24606142,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,bluejetdude1,"Uncle did not come with me, i already like this game :DIn all seriousness though, this game is amazing! such an ingenious idea! i love this game! i hope it gets further updates and new features, which im sure it will. i have one suggestion, maybye make the daytime a bit longer? its always dark by the time i reach a gas station and i wish it stayed sunny for longer, otherwise this game is one of my fav games, and i have alot of games. i will definitly be following this game and its dev team as the game expands!"
,Recommended,446020,31788083,Posted: 16 May,all,Cream Puff,"its a game about building your car and trying to get to your destination and theres gas stations, broken down cars to get items from them, random box's on the road you can get to help you but you need a crowbar to open them. the only downside i have with it is that its not very good at directing you, as in you'll get confused where to find stuff (such as the keys for the car) and might take you a while to find something because the game didnt tell you or gine you a hint. overall id rate a 9/10, i can see myself sinking hours upon hours into this game.Fin.also im like using this profile pucture because i was bored and wanted to change my old one, witch was kirby waving"
76561198127699118,Recommended,446020,31746683,Posted: 14 May,all,Baron Von poops,is very gutPros:- good game and suchCons:- i lost my water bottle while sleeping in motel (lesson: dont bring water in to the motel let it be in your car)
76561198177285390,Recommended,446020,31858535,Posted: 20 May,all,thegamingDoge,I think jalopy is good the money system but could we have something so like when pass the check Point we should get certain amount of money beacuase I play the game and there is nothing to be given after the checkpoint and it just makes the game no point if you are not credited for passing the checkpoint
,Recommended,446020,22630827,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,albino,"10/10 would drive again.Seriously though, it's a great start."
,Recommended,446020,22622237,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,LiL FroZone,"Very unique and never been done before. I would recommend this game to any one who likes driving and a unique driving experience. Also Uncle's sweater reminds me of the show Chowder, if you know what im talking about I love you. 11/10"
76561197962641959,Recommended,446020,22627028,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,theWALRUS,Amazon delievery package stealing simulator.10/10 will steal your she it again.
,Recommended,446020,22639874,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Wadena,"What can I say, it`s a WIP (Work in Progress), but the game shows great potential and is definitely one I will keep an eye on.-I will update this review as the game progresses trough EA-"
76561197970618145,Recommended,446020,22635807,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Celebro,-Tried to go up hill car stops half way- No power-Try again with more speed- failed-Found an old car with a better engine along the road-Fitted new engine-Tried again up hill-Just at the top car slows -Thought I failed-Pushed by Cars behind-Success!!10/10
,Recommended,446020,22631254,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Quinno,10/10 would rob shop again
,Recommended,446020,22640041,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,[NGG] Baron,"Jalopy, sloppy old Jalopy. Fantastic game, highly recommend. This is is the sorta game I've been waiting a long time for. It's just brilliant, it's addictive, and I can see my self sinking many hours in to it. But it's an early access title, so I won't give a perfect review. I recommend it, but I wouldn't call it a perfect game. It's far from that, it would be nice if certain bugs could've been fixed even when they are so obvious. Guess that comes from not properly testing the game."
,Recommended,446020,32355678,Posted: 11 June,all,YEE YEE,OPTIMIZATION!!!! IS REALLY NEEDED!!!!
,Recommended,446020,22855151,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Mr. Chestnut,Jalopy- Get car- Drive- Stop to pick up box- Crashed by AI- Drives on- Gets wedged stuck- Return home- Redo
,Recommended,446020,27116862,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tokek,"Got a junk car, make it not so junk car and drive it around.Make sure to wash the car every once in a while!"
,Recommended,446020,29975760,Posted: 16 February,all,stay woke,its ♥♥♥♥in lit
,Recommended,446020,24332366,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,么 F^nk 么,"It's good game, but don't play it alone i was travelling to Czech and my car died on dirt road in 02;00 in morning i was scared as ♥♥♥♥ you can make this in great horror game it was potential"
,Recommended,446020,24819318,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,zoburg88,"IT IS STILL IN DEVELOPMENTIt may not seem that exciting at first, but having to maintain and upgrade a vehicle over a long journey actually made up for a great game, the devs still have to add parts but all in all it's awesome."
,Recommended,446020,22651519,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,MyrenFrez #Forhud,You forgot to bring the walletYou forgot to change/fix some partsYou forgot to bring the right parts or toolsStill i love this game10/10 would forget wallet again
,Recommended,446020,24461907,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,wobblycaptain,I played this as i write just for a short time but i found it captivating and cant let go i dont know why i dont know what the attraction is.I got in a old car drove it for a bit as i ran out of petrol found my self walking the streets in a strange town searching for fuel ......Looking forward to doing it again :-)And looking forward to future updates this game is looking promising :-)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ASGaI5KA6zI
76561198110011828,Recommended,446020,25247025,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Tenma(NL) Civilgamers.com,"its an realy good game whit Good updates, even whit some bugs so now and then but they always come up whit an update fix realy good, contact whit the developer is also very good"
,Recommended,446020,22622285,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,HelixGames,"I have had this game for quite some time. This game is very diverse and fun. I can hardly wait for this to be fully complete! I really enjoy the customization of my car. This is a 5 star game by far!!! I appreciate the work of its creator. He has truly made something amazing a rare. If he decides to make anything else, I know im going to be a part!!!"
,Recommended,446020,22635145,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,MooCows,"Bought this game because the car you drive shares its name with my dog.Just like walking my dog, you have to stop at the side of the road every 50 yards because it's leaking fluid.Seen some bugs, and the AI drivers are dumb as hell. Still, the game seems quite promising."
76561198252325096,Recommended,446020,28132362,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,A320,"Jalopy, so many words. Fun, unique and a billion more. Jalopy has been a hugh sucess! Jalopy, please do not worry about the haters. Keep on developing! Wonderful game! Keep it up, Jalopy!"
76561198120671479,Recommended,446020,23026484,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,AdamTP,"I feel this game has alot of potential for the future! although there are some bugs and glitches, i feel as though they can be fixed easily to make a very good game in the future! Defonetaly recommend this game."
,Recommended,446020,22627599,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,eigar,Hi i played this game great idear and was looking forward to playing it. I loved the concept and played it and still liked playing the game.Only thing is it still a little buggy in places and that spoils it a little hopping they fix it soon.buy it and surport the developers a good game in the making
76561198163587077,Recommended,446020,22623057,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Norvaal,"I appreciate what the developers are trying to do here.  The concept of the game really appealed to me.  Unfortunately, as of this writing, there are still some significant issues with this game.  When I first started, I followed the uncle to the car and put the components inside the hood (or bonnet.) Then I added the fuel, water, and oil, but evidently not in the right sequence, because the uncle said it still needed oil when I had used the whole container.  So I restarted the game and put them in the sequence he told me.  It worked fine for a while, and I was able to get the car off the lot.  Then, I headed toward Dresden and stopped for gas (i.e. petrol) at the first station.  It was a long time before I realized my wallet was still in the glovebox of the car, so I had to get it.  As I put my purchases in the trunk/boot, my wallet mysteriously vanished even though I still had some monies left over.  I did not find it in the glovebox, but away we went.  Just before we get to the first border, the game crashes and I had not saved.Pros:-Nice story-Likeable characters-Somewhat educational-Has an early 90s nostalgic feel about itCons:-Car drives a bit choppy-Disappearing wallet-Difficult to find the controls (have to go to main menu to view and set these keys)-Game crashes without warning (must save often)-Cannot run car unless you put liquids in the exact sequence Uncle tells you-Annoying honking and random crashing noises, even when parked off the beaten path-Sometimes, Uncle tells you stories while you are trying to concentrate on drivingOverall, a good game.  I am hoping these issues get resolved so I can start really having some fun with this."
,Recommended,446020,22626427,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,fat_birb_,a good game for people that don't drive!and happy anzac day!
76561198130729419,Recommended,446020,23012742,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,WagonFixin,This game is worth it. Altough it is buggy although it is glitchy. It is like Euro Truck simulator if you are into that. It is fun and interesting to play and can keep you occupied for quite a while
,Recommended,446020,25302529,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Kaiser Franz,"In the two and a half hours that I have played Jalopy I have broken down twice, ran out of fuel once, been hit 4 times and fined, and ran out of money at the gas station when I needed gas. Overall a 10/10 eastern bloc experiance."
,Recommended,446020,32460919,Posted: 15 June,all,joel-of-doom,IS best car. Is car for people. Is good. I brakes and steer. Is go.
,Recommended,446020,31593248,Posted: 6 May,all,Moster Rashi,I like the resource management and procedural road trips. I hope this game does well
,Recommended,446020,22905717,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Noahfp,this is a realy good open world game that you can take care of a car adn the storyline is very good
76561197982765231,Recommended,446020,33531828,Posted: 14 July,all,Honey Glaze Spiral Ham,This games' videos and picture do little justice.I wish I could put alot of time into it.
,Recommended,446020,28669817,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,MR. Dripper,"AN AMAZING GAME! but litteraly 2 minets ago it stopped working, just flickerirn the launching steam window on and off...but apart from that it is an amazing game that I recoomend to anyone why likes reasorce manegement games or cars!8.5/10.00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001"
76561198378939879,Recommended,446020,33662844,Posted: 19 July,all,Oskar Groszewski14,this is very cool game i have much to say but not time 10/10 points ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) super game :)
,Recommended,446020,33953068,Posted: 1 August,all,Slycep,Nice relaxing game!
,Recommended,446020,33731712,Posted: 22 July,all,big doinks,this is the best game I've played all year
76561198373592491,Recommended,446020,33708871,Posted: 21 July,all,Seals3051,Very fun game I put 30 hours into it love to have uncle back and give him a name  also add more upgrades like a tool rack with a diamond spanner that instanty bring up duriabily fully with one use of it and be unbreakable very relaxing play it a good game for it's price love how it teaches hard wrok pays off  want mods
76561198325520663,Not Recommended,446020,31516701,Posted: 2 May,all,WAYPASTCOOL,"This game markets itself as a grand drive through Eastern Europe. The reality is much different. The car needs a full repair every 15 minutes and turns out to be annoying. The landscape of Jalopy is very bleak and uses a muted color palet as well. Maybe I need to play it more or something; but, as for now, my opinion of this game is very low."
,Recommended,446020,22714626,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,RedMatterFTW,"Not bad for it's stage of development at all. It has it's bugs as you'd expect which for me have been minimal all together when taking the game semi seriously (i'm not a bug hunter, but I bet there is alot more than I've seen in my play time). The biggest things I have noticed is sometimes when you drive a certain distance from the road you might find a part in the floor that isn't programmed in and fall through, this is usually not common since you don't really offroad (aside from dirt trails and such) unless there are some areas that it happens randomly at.Now for what I really think about it: I have played it for my measley three hours and got everything out of it. This is because the game is still very short and i'm fine with that. However if I where you I would for sure wait until more content is added in terms of map exploration and such, Other than that I think the game is off on a good track for becoming a great game. If you are eager to try it out than suit yourself and go for it, but I think it's smarter to wait until it leaves early access for purposes of getting a real, full experience from the game."
,Not Recommended,446020,31731124,Posted: 13 May,all,AE86THETIC,"A pure example of a title based on a great idea but ruined potential. I love the aesthetics and the general feel to it, even the graphics. This game, though, has many flaws which for me, made it not enjoyable at all. First of all, the lag is horrible. My 960 plus i5 4460 combo isn't the most powerful out there but it certainly performs good in games with better graphics and more effects and I thought that would be enough until I experienced the game's massive FPS drops when entering the city at night, gas stations etc.A second thing worth to mention is the gameplay itself. Apart from the interesting tutorial section, the game is simply not fun enough. You can't drive on the highways, with a very sloppy handling system forever. The game gets extremely repetetive, not fun and the driving model just seems bad and not-enjoyable at all.The gameplay is also very basic. When something breaks, you just repair it with your tool-box, ran out of fuel? Jerry can and oil bottles. Flat tires? Jack and new tires. There's nothing involving in the game and it all comes down to very simple procedures which were not fun, at least for me.With that said, this game is still in Early Access. I don't advise you to buy it in its current state. With all the bugs, FPS drops, this game is not really that fun."
76561198168747123,Recommended,446020,22628695,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,pixeler,i like the game but there is a small problem when i lounch the game good i see the menu i open the book press tutorial and i se loading after 5mins there was a window that poped up and sait JALOPY.exe has stopped working WHAT AM I SUPOST TO DO I TRIED EVERYTHING SET THE GRAFICS TO THE LOWERS LEVEL I MEAN I TRYED EVERYTHING!!! and i PAYED this game FIX THIS PLESE!!!!!!!
76561198042446246,Not Recommended,446020,32796536,Posted: 25 June,all,78coolbreeze,"I love the concept and really want it to do well.  The car is pretty detailed and I love the fact that you have to maintain it.  While the controls of the car are a bit clunkly it would be passable if not for the bugs.As it stands today though, it is a bit too buggy for a full buy even on sale price.  I passed the first border station and soon after I drove up a hill the road just ended.  I thought it was a graphic glitch so I kept driving and I ended up in the void of glitch space with my car flipping end over end.  For me this makes the game unplayable if I can't progress past the first part after the tutorial.  I ran across a few other bugs, but they were non game breaking.I'd recommend the game, but it's going back in my wishlist for another time once the bugs are ironed out."
76561198076680348,Recommended,446020,29958430,Posted: 16 February,all,Sensible_Sandwich,great and amazing fun
,Recommended,446020,24960305,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Mechbunny.com,"This game has a loooooooooong way to go but definately has some potential. It's *very* buggy at the moment, but a very cool concept."
,Recommended,446020,31549875,Posted: 4 May,all,jpwalker1,It's good.  I wish u could get help if u run out of gas or something.
,Recommended,446020,31652682,Posted: 9 May,all,Robthebob,"Fantastic game. It's a joy to play. Not completely finished yet, but its totally playable. My only irritation is how fast everything degrades, but I suppose that is part of the purpose of the game!"
,Recommended,446020,31695964,Posted: 11 May,all,Level 14 EBarb,"If you play it like a Slav out of hell its really fun and challenging.On a serious note, its a great game to put on music and just drive to; it's like art that's so easy to get really involved and immersed in.Plus the dev is a cool guy, and tries to update everyone to the development process of the game."
,Recommended,446020,25220796,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,lil c nj CSGOnecro.com,10/10 would drive an old car again
,Recommended,446020,31498200,Posted: 1 May,all,Henry,Interesting. Takes a little bit to figure out but overall a good game.
,Recommended,446020,23779954,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,big pube,comfy
76561198036339278,Recommended,446020,23930758,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,LILMAN,"Dieses Spiel war anfangs sehr gut, einige kleinere glitches.But ich es meistens genossen .THis game IS GOOD  ,Theres no german launguage setting :l"
,Recommended,446020,33205094,Posted: 3 July,all,﷽﷽﷽﷽﷽﷽﷽﷽﷽﷽,would drive for 3 hours again 10/10 ign
,Recommended,446020,26525942,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,ffiibb,Build car. Drive. Break down. Walk for 30 minutes to a gas station with a gas canister. Forget wallet in car.10/10 Would play again
76561198133731409,Recommended,446020,32756223,Posted: 24 June,all,Spoopy Bocket,-3/10 driver doesn't wear a seatbelt(9/10)
,Recommended,446020,35192598,Posted: 24 September,all,ElliotB,"-My Work In Progress Story about going to Turkey-*Pack up Some Wrenches and Fuel and Stuff*Hit the Road, good looking path*In tunnel*Get stuck between two idiots*punch their cars in anger*escape*repair stuff*feeling good*have to repair again*wrench breaks*mad and scared*its night*turn on lights*stops right as I turn on the lights as I see I am in the middle of a town*walk around*kind of creeped out due to the quietness and the overall empty feeling*find some car store*forgot my wallet*brings my wallet*forgot to check what I could buy that would help*take a break from the game]*cant wait to go and find out what i needBest Cliffhanger in a game"
,Recommended,446020,35116072,Posted: 21 September,all,VelixGV,"Fun game, a little short but fun.Drive your♥♥♥♥♥♥lemon car from one side of Soviet Asia to the other. All the while collecting junk and parts to sell for money to refule, repair, and customize your soviet era ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.I bought this on sale, and I think that $7.49 is a good price, $15 however seems a bit steep.The game takes about 5 hours to bear, I only have 7 hours due to exploiting a money glitch for a couple hours."
76561198069631120,Not Recommended,446020,35170540,Posted: 23 September,all,Wary17-96,BUGs are EVERYWHERE !!!!
76561198006970727,Recommended,446020,35190832,Posted: 24 September,all,Cragger,"WARNING: DO NOT buy this game at full price. It is far too short to be worth $15 and you will feel very dissatisfied.That said at half price or less the game is an enjoyable time passer if you can bear to deal with the numerous show stopper bugs still present in the game after all this time and don't mind 'restarting' the level to get past them. Which has both pros and cons, you keep what you've alread picked up but also keep the durability losses you've incurred.Purchased the game at $7.50 and filled an empty day. Has some replayability after that but that's the top end of what I'd say is a worthwhile purchase to me."
76561198019584458,Recommended,446020,30549540,Posted: 16 March,all,Corruck,"Simple, addictive, and still more to come. 10/10"
76561198355522924,Recommended,446020,34392690,Posted: 21 August,all,The Genral Lee 241,7/10 needs some bug fixes and updates but apart from that its a great game i do recomend it for car lovers. its basically revhead and my summer cars bigger brother.The Genral Lee 241 signing out
76561197983189389,Not Recommended,446020,26743504,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,wayfarer,"10 crashes and counting. This game is just too unstable to play. Once I even got the tires on the car before the crash, though  I had to turn off AA to get that far."
76561198059935816,Recommended,446020,30263469,Posted: 1 March,all,Dr. Jekyll,a must have in my opinion ... i love it <3
,Recommended,446020,35261077,Posted: 28 September,all,josef733,Good game but lacking controller support which sucks.
,Recommended,446020,35261250,Posted: 28 September,all,ɹɯɐƃǝƃɐɹ,"Good game!Current bugs that I've found from a few hours of gameplay (Not sure where to report bugs, so here shall do.)Major:- Saving and quitting causes car boot to clear itself to only oil and water bottle, occasionally will keep a tire repair kit- AI traffic has caused a few traffic jams in wet conditionsMinor:- Uncle will tell you that the wipers lever is on the left of the wheel, whereas its on the right.- I feel like rain should wash away oil and other liquid spills"
76561198195575110,Recommended,446020,35167383,Posted: 23 September,all,Spooky Sandler,"Thing I Said The Most. ""I Broke It."""
,Not Recommended,446020,29350035,Posted: 18 January,all,Jash,"Understand that the question is do ""i recommend at this early stage?"" At the moment no. I cannot recommend the game for purchase. Mayble in a handful of patch improvements is when i can recommend it.This should be pre-alpha, nowhere near a beta.(Early access, ""January 2017"", release for early access in ""April 2016"")----------------I can't recommend the game at the moment, it still has a long way to go from a early access. User key bindings needs to be improved, controller compatibility needs to be polished out. I'm very patient with control remapping, unbinding is another story you have to go to system regedit to unmap the key/joystick control. No there is no default controls button to reset everything,In addition using the controller there is horrid dead zone configuration to the game so smooth movements throw that out the window for the moment. Joystick binding is in another language, at the moment it does not easily tell you what they are mapped for, i had to trial and error for a long time to know what they do, and as well they have keyboard and controller maps in the same coloumn with indicators if the bind is keyboard or joystick.The game is very much playable, control integration is very much needed though. Not very user friendly and clunky, turning physics are quite questionable. The highway is quite empty at the moment, would be nice to see a variation of a.i vehicles.Good concept needs more variety of random things to do in towns, to make it worth while to stay for a little bit."
,Recommended,446020,25835899,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,TheScragglyMan,"So i went ahead and purchased this game of £9.99 at the suggestion of a friend.  I usually stear clear of Alpha games since they can often take a direction less than favourable, but Jallopy seems to be the exception.   If i could draw up a comparison of what i think this game will become once complete... I would say Papers please, only your attempting to get through the borders.As it stands Jallopy is a simple game, it has a fair few bugs in it which is to be expected of a alpha title, but what it does have is a core mechanic which is fun.  You keep your car running and head home on the open road.  Your cars basically a♥♥♥♥♥♥box which doesnt suit its purpose but you attain money, upgrades and items to keep that car trucking on. navigating a rather simple but some how beautiful empty world.Its not the core mechanics which make this game fun for me, but the potential.  My imagination runs away with me when i play it.  because thats what this game is, an investment into the opotunity.Obviously there are things lacking in the game, again thats to be expected, lack of npcs, no real driving mechanics in the game, (well there is but its slightly dodge).  I feel like the game is letting itself down not having an option to smuggle goods through the borders, nor having any evaluation on the players driving (maybe npcs could report the car to authorities and when at a border it causes them to check the car for ilicit materials.  The possibilities are endless.For what it is, jallopy is a decent alpha game,  i can't see me loosing hours and hours in it as it stands but it will be a game i revisit often as its updated just to see where we end up."
76561197970806666,Recommended,446020,22653490,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Window Licker,I went in thinking I was going to learn how to drive a Laika. I found the meaning of life.
,Recommended,446020,22827362,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,WTFBERGKASE,"This game is an interesting mix of: 70% Euro Truck Simulator, 20% papers please and 10% FTL (or Rougelites in general). You play as an unamed person who travels across the crumbling Soviet Union with your uncle, in a car that is less reliable than the drill in PAYDAY2. Whether you should buy the game in this VERY early state is going to come down to whether you think the game's future potential out weighs its current lack of content. My play time has been extended a bit by being AFK (about 45 mins) but the rest is from doing a fair few runs of the game. At time of writing there are only two towns you can reach before the game tells you to restart; on average one complete run from the start to the second town takes approximately half an hour, assuming you don't run out of gas, the engine block doesn't commit sepaku or run out of money. I would say it's worth taking a chance on this game if you like driving games and cars in general as there is a fair amount of vehicle maintaince (though very simplifed) and Eastern Eurpoean history. With my current playtime I have fully upgraded the car and no reason to play anymore until the next major update. So make of that what you will.I made 300 Marks by selling 3 bottles of wine. 10/10 would be a capitalist pig again."
,Recommended,446020,22807212,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Soldier_BLG18,Out of fuel? Out of money?...Life is hard.
,Recommended,446020,22830954,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Billderz,"Jalopy is currently the buggiest game I have baught in a while(Hence the Pre-Alpha).  That is what they are working on now though, rather then adding more content which I think is the right move at this point.  It has a ton of potential to be one of my favorite games ever!I highly suggest you buy it now as the price will probably go up as they add more content.  If they decided to continually update Jalopy after its full release, I think it would be worth $35-$40, but of corse I already own it."
,Recommended,446020,24001721,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,DaveKap,My first game ended when Uncle Suitcoat failed to co-pilot well enough to let me know I had gone off the path we were supposed to take and we ended up stranded with no fuel on the side of a hill.10/10 but Uncle Suitcoat needs to speak up if he thinks I'm going the wrong way.Serious review: This is what happens when you mix European Truck Simulator with an indie developer. I feel like it only needs 2 more things. VR support and more suitcoats for Uncle Suitcoat.
76561198076848711,Recommended,446020,29699443,Posted: 4 February,all,Dagger,Pretty fun game... Relaxing. Really good for an indie game.
76561198345202521,Recommended,446020,31523146,Posted: 3 May,all,valentin910,"Igrata stops working, please do something"
,Recommended,446020,29707691,Posted: 4 February,all,VeganChops,Awesome game.  Enjoy the struggles of owning your own lemon.  All the frustrating moments of running out of gas or dropping your wallet only to have it teleport 5 miles back to where you left your car are what make this game a hilarous gem.
,Recommended,446020,23953365,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,THE_BEST_TEETH_IN_THE_GAME,"10/10, thoroughly enjoying the game so far, has a very distopic feel to ithigh centered my car on the petreol pump in the first town, couldnt get it off, other than that, great game"
,Not Recommended,446020,34523662,Posted: 27 August,all,Rayd Revery,"It's a calm, relaxing road-trip simulator.I think Jalopy is a nice game, just not for it's current price. I just can't force myself to recommend this game for how much it costs no matter how much I enjoy it."
,Recommended,446020,22616936,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Tony Kito,ＡＵＴＯＢＡＨＮＵＴＯＢＡＨＮＡＵＴＯＢＡＨＮＮＡＵＴＯＢＡＨＨＮＡＵＴＯＢＡＡＨＮＡＵＴＯＢＢＡＨＮＡＵＴＯＯＢＡＨＮＡＵＴＴＯＢＡＨＮＡＵＵＴＯＢＡＨＮＡ
,Not Recommended,446020,28795045,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Sondirrasta,"I wanted an enjoyable driving simulator around the DDR.What I got was... a technicolour button pushing simulation where you hold W to winNothing to see, nothing to motivate me to play more than a few mins.According to this, the Czech border is a few mins (read 2 or 3) outside Berlin. Dresden is a crossroads...Just really uninteresting for me, having come from My summer car (uses the same engine) I was expecting a real eye opening experience and an open world. Seeing the intricate way of life beyond the Iron Curtain.This was not it.For 8 euros I can't really complain, but I still feel a pang of disappointment with what I did get.Refunded,"
76561198052636891,Not Recommended,446020,31638020,Posted: 8 May,all,Tess,As of it's current state in May 2017 I can not recommend. I have tried over and over but can't get past the first gas station due to various bugs.
76561198271857021,Recommended,446020,25290525,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Vladimir,"This game is too amazing for a review..... So instead heres a Wikipedia page of chicken....The domestic chicken is descended primarily from the Red junglefowl (Gallus gallus) and is scientifically classified as the same species.[19] As such it can and does freely interbreed with populations of red jungle fowl.[19] Recent genetic analysis has revealed that at least the gene for yellow skin was incorporated into domestic birds through hybridization with the Grey junglefowl (G. sonneratii).[20] The traditional poultry farming view is stated in Encyclopædia Britannica (2007): ""Humans first domesticated chickens of Indian origin for the purpose of cockfighting in Asia, Africa, and Europe. Very little formal attention was given to egg or meat production... ""[2] In the last decade there have been a number of genetic studies. According to one study, a single domestication event occurring in the region of modern Thailand created the modern chicken with minor transitions separating the modern breeds.[21] However, that study was later found to be based on incomplete data, and recent studies point to multiple maternal origins, with the clade found in the Americas, Europe, Middle East, and Africa, originating from the Indian subcontinent, where a large number of unique haplotypes occur.[22][23] It is postulated that the Jungle fowl, known as the ""bamboo fowl"" in many Southeast Asian languages, is a special pheasant well adapted to take advantage of the large amounts of fruits that are produced during the end of the 50 year bamboo seeding cycle to boost its own reproduction.[24] In domesticating the chicken, humans took advantage of this prolific reproduction of the jungle fowl when exposed to large amount of food.[25]It has been claimed (based on paleoclimatic assumptions) that chickens were domesticated in Southern China in 6000 BC.[26] However, according to a recent study,[27] ""it is not known whether these birds made much contribution to the modern domestic fowl. Chickens from the Harappan culture of the Indus Valley (2500-2100 BC), in what today is Pakistan, may have been the main source of diffusion throughout the world."" A northern road spread the chicken to the Tarim basin of central Asia. The chicken reached Europe (Romania, Turkey, Greece, Ukraine) about 3000 BC.[28] Introduction into Western Europe came far later, about the 1st millennium BC. Phoenicians spread chickens along the Mediterranean coasts, to Iberia. Breeding increased under the Roman Empire, and was reduced in the Middle Ages.[28] Middle East traces of chicken go back to a little earlier than 2000 BC, in Syria; chicken went southward only in the 1st millennium BC. The chicken reached Egypt for purposes of ♥♥♥♥ fighting about 1400 BC, and became widely bred only in Ptolemaic Egypt (about 300 BC).[28] Little is known about the chicken's introduction into Africa. Three possible routes of introduction in about the early first millennium AD could have been through the Egyptian Nile Valley, the East Africa Roman-Greek or Indian trade, or from Carthage and the Berbers, across the Sahara. The earliest known remains are from Mali, Nubia, East Coast, and South Africa and date back to the middle of the first millennium AD.[28] Domestic chicken in the Americas before Western conquest is still an ongoing discussion, but blue-egged chickens, found only in the Americas and Asia, suggest an Asian origin for early American chickens.[28]A lack of data from Thailand, Russia, the Indian subcontinent, Southeast Asia and Sub-Saharan Africa makes it difficult to lay out a clear map of the spread of chickens in these areas; better description and genetic analysis of local breeds threatened by extinction may also help with research into this area.[28]South AmericaAn unusual variety of chicken that has its origins in South America is the araucana, bred in southern Chile by the Mapuche people. Araucanas, some of which are tailless and some of which have tufts of feathers around their ears, lay blue-green eggs. It has long been suggested that they pre-date the arrival of European chickens brought by the Spanish and are evidence of pre-Columbian trans-Pacific contacts between Asian or Pacific Oceanic peoples, particularly the Polynesians, and South America. In 2007, an international team of researchers reported the results of analysis of chicken bones found on the Arauco Peninsula in south-central Chile. Radiocarbon dating suggested that the chickens were Pre-Columbian, and DNA analysis showed that they were related to prehistoric populations of chickens in Polynesia.[29] These results appeared to confirm that the chickens came from Polynesia and that there were transpacific contacts between Polynesia and South America before Columbus's arrival in the Americas.[30]However, a later report looking at the same specimens concluded:A published, apparently pre-Columbian, Chilean specimen and six pre-European Polynesian specimens also cluster with the same European/Indian subcontinental/Southeast Asian sequences, providing no support for a Polynesian introduction of chickens to South America. In contrast, sequences from two archaeological sites on Easter Island group with an uncommon haplogroup from Indonesia, Japan, and China and may represent a genetic signature of an early Polynesian dispersal. Modeling of the potential marine carbon contribution to the Chilean archaeological specimen casts further doubt on claims for pre-Columbian chickens, and definitive proof will require further analyses of ancient DNA sequences and radiocarbon and stable isotope data from archaeological excavations within both Chile and Polynesia.[31]"
76561198115709169,Not Recommended,446020,34246244,Posted: 14 August,all,polarski,"I got bored quickly. Not my kind of game, but I can see how others like it."
76561198033071432,Not Recommended,446020,35170779,Posted: 23 September,all,RonJambo187,"Nice idea, but very redundant and boring mechanics. You are constantly running back and forth to pick up things, (like the wallet that always returns to the car when you used it), since there is no real inventory. You can pick up multiple items, but if you want to use one, you have to drop all other ones. Makes the gameflow tedious and annoying. If they don't change this, i'm afraid i'll have to give this otherwise interesting game a pass..."
,Recommended,446020,30479103,Posted: 12 March,all,FortyDollarRug,Tried to beep my horn.I missed and put my handbrake on instead.Went from 80 to 0kph in 0.0000001 seconds.10/10 would get smashed up♥♥♥♥♥♥by angry Eastern European man again.
76561198006046049,Recommended,446020,23866333,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Warbo,I approve.
76561198070827966,Recommended,446020,22682452,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Padu,Who does not love old 2 stroke engine cars. I need moar of this :D
,Recommended,446020,22622844,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,ThatOneGuy,Spent 15 minutes trying to drive up hill in the rain only to break down at the top. Loved every second.
76561198074355972,Not Recommended,446020,33864128,Posted: 28 July,all,Mr. Nerobutthole,"I can't really recomment this game because you get so little from the cool concept i initially had in mind (having a shitbox and driving it through a world). The game itself is fun for no more than 4 hours when you get to do basically everything you can in the game.Personally, I think this concept of a game would fit better in an open world scenario with a huge map.The game also fails to show you the real pain of dealing with a dilapidated old car because all the mechanics are dumbed down to a bare minimum: there are a couple of parts that do a specific thing, they have a durability system and they are very predictable when they break making the whole idea of fixing your car very easy to deal with when you get the hang of the game. There are no oil leaks, no engine overheating, no spontaneous breakdowns that define old cars, basically the relaibility of the cars is extremely simplified to a durability system.The driving becomes extremely boring after a couple of hours as it sufferes also from extreme simplification (no gear shifting) and you only have to keep pressing the up key with minor use of steering.The environment is repetitive, boring, empty and lacks npcs, events, roads to explore. Everytime you enter a country you are forced to choose a route that is more or less a straight empty highway road (when you get closer to turkey you get a minor change of scenery, but that doesn't save the fact the world is so empty). You barely get to see cars on the road, you can count all the npc's in a country on two hands, the cities are empty, lifeless.The concept of the game is very cool, but the implementation suffers greatly from dumbing down everything possible, from the car parts that break down, to the driving and trading system that is mostly fueled by random roadside locked boxes with items. You get the impression you have quite a choice for customizing your car, but you quickly realize only the last three items from each tier are worth and they also have minor differences between them.So, if you are expecting an car adventure exploring different roads and experiecing life with a old car, you should look elsewhere as this game can't really offer that feeling."
,Recommended,446020,22622943,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Attack Helicopter | CSGOGem.com,"I love the game, but i dont think the car is suppost to be jack up like this...http://prntscr.com/awgqjnhttp://prntscr.com/awgqmv[EDIT] So, In game, I got a Sponge and a Tire stuck in my hand and wouldnt reccognise it, so i was driving with a tire in my hand. Then, every time i turned the engine off, a glitchy noise (happened after i hit the E brake once), which is annoying, and the cars not on the Chassie. Please fix."
,Recommended,446020,30443852,Posted: 11 March,all,Markus9975,"A very nice, peaceful and Relaxing Game, wich even actually matches how it was back in the time of Trabants here in Germany.It also has beautiful Artwork and Music in it.I give it 11/10 Play Experience Points."
76561198060125802,Recommended,446020,34724202,Posted: 3 September,all,[FBI] Pepper Box,Amazing game if you like driving sims or games about the eastern bloc.
,Not Recommended,446020,35174076,Posted: 24 September,all,Mercenary,"Bought this as it looked and is fun plus it is on sale. Don't bother with this game until it's complete though, it is a very nice game but it is still littered with bugs, When you play for four hours on one journey and all of a sudden random bugs of various types in the game stops you from progressing you know that it isn't worth palying again until it's complete. When it is complete and free of bus  Iwill give this game positive feedback."
,Recommended,446020,29714503,Posted: 5 February,all,Dr. Indigestion,"This game is really great, you get to peacefully drive a car throughout the former Eastern bloc selling vodka to people10/10"
,Recommended,446020,27577077,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,kickme,Simply. Amazing. Although It crashes sometimes. Ignore the last bit.
,Recommended,446020,22623141,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Tony MacReady,">Be me>See a fun looking game>buy it, only $10>play for 2 hours only get through first border>next route is offroad>oh god>windshield caked in so much mud you think ""ill just turn onn the windshield wipes"">makes it worse>get to a gas station by some sort of god like intervention>see a bucket of water and a sponge>goto wipe windshield off>you cant>D>E>D>YA DED10/10 would mud pie again"
76561198006120253,Recommended,446020,22696312,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Vintage_Green,"Jalopy drove down the road in germany going home, lost wallet at a store, couldn't get past border control. 10/10 would loose wallet again in Germany"
,Recommended,446020,22776019,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Adan Chou,"Extremely great game, love the cute 3d effect and the highly customisable car parts, classic Jalopy is always the king!"
76561198067552869,Recommended,446020,22639937,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,acgwagen,"Loving old weird German cars I had to get this and it is a very fun game indeed! You start in your hovel house with your Uncle who wants to go on a road trip. I did the following:1. Started the journey with plenty of spares in the trunk.2. Learned you can drive with the hood, both doors and trunk open.3. Road raged against any Ladas I encountered by ramming them.4. Learned this upsets Uncle and breaks the engine.5. Pulled over, removed the engine, tried to start the car, to no success. Plus points here for realism.6. Discovered collisions make Uncle swear.7. Checked into Motel, after being told not to disturb other guests went banging on every door I could find.The game crashed here.10/10 Would demolish Trabant again!"
,Recommended,446020,29857033,Posted: 11 February,all,The Prussian Pigeon,"Never have I ever played a more relaxing, lovely game. I love the art style, and the game mechanics. Thank you Minskworks."
,Recommended,446020,32618842,Posted: 21 June,all,PotatoAim21,Great Game. Must have
,Recommended,446020,23024358,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Merky Merk,"Great game, and the Devs are constantly making new content and engaging with the community. Would recommend!"
76561198039610649,Recommended,446020,22579177,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Airplane Lavatory,"Actually very fun, a bit broken and the lighting/graphics could be a tad better but it only came out a few days ago, I recommend buying now at a discount price since the price will surely go up when things are added, fixed, removed, etc."
76561198710008090,Not Recommended,446020,31925010,Posted: 23 May,all,doodledotdoo,is a nice game butgets really boring after a while
,Recommended,446020,22661723,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Blackadder,Comfy gameCan't wait to see future updates
,Recommended,446020,24452925,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Sinitaivas,"10/10, made me want to buy a Trabant 601."
76561198087601877,Recommended,446020,24935172,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,TheCommunistPotato,"lets start positive, I really like Jalopy. It has this very hopeful and excited atmosphere at the start, as you first gain control of your Laika 601 Deluxe, but then slowly gets more tense and quite scary at times, when you're driving along a dark road in the middle of the night, praying your car can keep going juuust that liiitle bit longer. It has an atmosphere and mood that you can't quite really get anywhere else, and this is one of the game's main strengths, in my opinion. I know the game is currently in early access, and with that fact comes the standard plethora of bugs, glitches and corrupt save files, however, Jalopy seems to be worse than most. Walls are missing collision boxes, the storage system bugs out occaisionally, preventing me from adding and removing items from my boot and/or roof rack, not to meantion that dropping items can sometimes send them falling through the floor. Getting softlocked/stuck is another common problem, going so far as being able to get stuck during the tutorial. As you collect the red car door from the wreck on top of the scrap pile, if you walk over to the front of the car, climb over the bonnet and drop off the other side, you will be out of bounds with cars and poles without collision, and you will not be able to climb out. Also suffering from this problem are checkpoints, a few of which have little side alleyways with un-collide-withable fences at the end. This is not a good oppourtunity to go out into the countryside to explore however, as the ground outside of the fence has no collision detection either, sending you eternally into the limbo of under the map. I have moaned and groaned a lot in this review, and thats not something I like doing to very promising and just really fun games like Jalopy, as well as it only being in early access, so this is just a list of problems i've had, as well as some glitchy experiances that I woul dlove to bring the devs attention to. If I can recreate any of the problems I have mentioned here, I will be taking screenshots and uploading them for reference.Thanks for readingTheCommunistPotato"
,Recommended,446020,34320138,Posted: 17 August,all,Skelok,"Pretty fun road trip simulator to sit back and relax to, maybe while listening your music of choice. If that doesn't sound appealing to you then it might not be your thing, but otherwise I reccomend this game and am looking forward to future updates."
76561198354811201,Recommended,446020,35151103,Posted: 23 September,all,Luong21,This game is a very relaxing game where you can sit down in peace without yelling at your monitor 24/7
76561198038334709,Recommended,446020,35171972,Posted: 23 September,all,Rascalman,"I know you guys want to add steering wheel support, but please, make gamepad support at least a bit larger concern for those who would rather not have it make them puke upon trying to use controller, thank you"
,Not Recommended,446020,26576065,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,bgar,"Well, in all honesty the game is fun and enjoyable.UNTIL - You encounter frequent crashes which cause you to lose your Loot and/or Story Progress (Has Happened to me multiple times)Find game breaking glitches/flaws which block you from completing a much needed task (Putting gas for example)This game has much potential and has brought me a lot of fun, but in some incidents, it can be deemed unplayable."
76561198157917057,Recommended,446020,30295771,Posted: 3 March,all,Zælisia,No Matter how many times i restart or how many times i ♥♥♥♥ things up i keep enjoying this game.It's a nice game now and then and it really requires you to be focused on what the hell you're doing.Love the Dev(s) and everything(one) contributing to this game and i hope many more content and things to come!
,Recommended,446020,22821598,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,MrMaakus,"I have to say, it took me a moment to get it but once I did the game is loads of fun.  Sure it's a little rough around the edges but I think that is one of the things I love about it.  It all doesn't work perfectly.  Like life.  I tell you once this game is smoothed out which I can see they are working on as we speak this will be a new kind survival realism.  One where you aren't concerned on keeping the player alive, yet keeping your car alive and other things in order.  All in all I really enjoy this game and am glad to have made the purchase.  Keep up the great work minskworks.Here is a Link to another Reveiw I wrote about the game -http://www.thingpile.com/index.php/categories/205-jalopy-pre-alpha"
,Recommended,446020,22791713,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Erebos,"This game is like a Laika, doesnt look pretty and she has a few bugs (which are either entertaining or terrifying) but with time and patience she is a thing of beauty."
,Recommended,446020,22842658,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,parker_,"real fun, i love the feeling of driving an old car in a dilipidated condition."
,Recommended,446020,29725217,Posted: 5 February,all,Far | eVoipTV,Serbia sim 2k15
76561198123780334,Recommended,446020,29773605,Posted: 7 February,all,MC_ bug,Best game ever. I am so obsessed with the laika that this is all i do in my free time
76561198079093417,Recommended,446020,29805369,Posted: 9 February,all,BetoCecconello,"I absolutely fell in love with this game. Trouble is I want to play it, but it crashes as soon as I click on anything in the game. Hopefully, it will be fixed, because this game is simply marvellous.Ich liebe meine Laika!"
76561198216848099,Recommended,446020,29791526,Posted: 8 February,all,Jarielislame™,Even in it's development state I don't know how i've had so much fun just driving but it's more than just driving with econemy mechanics and tiny boxes that i was on the other side of the road so i coudn't get it.
,Recommended,446020,25219913,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,iikahdun,10/10 SoundTrack -IGN
,Recommended,446020,24562977,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,RedFox,A text in Esperanto.Ĉi-tio estas la ludo de miaj revoj! Ĉiam estas novaj ĝisdatigoj. La ludo nur super! Tre rekomendas!
,Recommended,446020,24515092,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,KawaRu  [BE],"Since the new update my uncle doesn't want to take the trip with me :(I may have a nice car, may have a lot of money but life isn't the same anymore without my uncle.Great game by the way :)"
76561198305740682,Recommended,446020,28553536,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,elitematrix,i love playing this game and cant stop playing it has it is fun+ yu should add police officers and driver licences
,Recommended,446020,24694284,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,AceHii,Break your car simulator 2016.
,Recommended,446020,23856730,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,UnmaskYourDesire,"There're lots of sound bugs but still it's a great game with great atmosphere, mechanics and a story which includes a blind old man."
76561198072082991,Recommended,446020,22949583,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,dannyphizill,this game good there are some bugs liketraffic being in the middle so you go around or thoughtmy things turning into trashgranddad not saying his linesyou not be able to interact with thingsbut its early so i dont mind stillfix emAlso stuff I wanna see in the gamePainting your carWhole body or using a paint brushCar mods like turbo suspension lifts stuff likethat
,Recommended,446020,22925256,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Dr. Evil,pros:very good gamevery interactive cargood eastern german radiogood eastern german carcons:canister handannoying hillderpy damage systemneed more content
76561198202423200,Recommended,446020,25018512,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Assasson47,good game for the car stuff but my car brakes down evey 1 min
76561198060396441,Recommended,446020,29535909,Posted: 27 January,all,Georgenoon,Love it so much! Can't wait for more updates. Even though it is still not complete still worth all 13 dollars
,Recommended,446020,28337713,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,ᖫ✧WɅVΞ✧ᖭ,its a very fun sturdy game with a lot of bugs but it still can be fun to an average gamer looking to drive a car like a real one
,Recommended,446020,22766605,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Rumpelst1ck of Earthnuteating,Took the exit to CottbusFell off the edge of earthEnded up spinning endlessy in outer Space10/10
76561198141004242,Recommended,446020,22746685,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,jackoff,"I've had a big probelm recently, that being when you stop the car to refuel with a gas canister or something in the road, your car will automatically lose HP and become damaged severely, you know this when Uncle starts saying 'Oof' or 'Oh Mercy'. thanks to this i've been living on $30 a town repairing and refueling but most of the time resetting. Finally made it to Hungary and now waiting for the update. This is amazing game so far with a lot of potential, and it being simple makes it easier to build and update, giving quicker rollouts and announcements. Being an RPG of a car and a man with his uncle, you make your own story as you remember how you broke down right past the border of Czech republic having to walk around 20km with a canister in your hand and $10, but with the bug existing you will certainly have no money and a ruined car when you leave and get back. Overall this game is great, has beautiful graphics and amazing gameplay just waiting for more to be available. Keep up the goodwork creators :D"
76561198300766858,Recommended,446020,27254791,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,braden_landon,BEST GAME EVER!!!
76561198057072472,Recommended,446020,28223916,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,[RMC] UncleSam,"that uncle is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off even at the start of the tutorial, id like to see a feature where i can disable that old f*ck from talking."
76561198139044497,Recommended,446020,26489359,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,AMGMax,"I love this game with the landscapes, easy controls and etc. But I´d like to have more types of Laikas like the wagon or cabriolet (if this type of Laika exists)."
,Recommended,446020,23402713,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,EVERYDAY POMF,*Driving**Drives into a ditch*/Ran Out of fuel\*Gets out**Realises my car became one with the fence**Restarts**Drives to the 2nd boarder**realises you cant cross because the game is unfinished**Gets fined for smuggling hot dogs anyway*
,Recommended,446020,26486772,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Liam 🍋,"I enjoyed this game. Short, simple and sweet."
,Recommended,446020,27698543,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Junelicious,"A game for relaxing and roaming the ruins of the Soviet Bloc searching for repairs, food, booze and fuel.Now that I think o it, it sounds like some zombie game."
76561198171917039,Recommended,446020,31190628,Posted: 16 April,all,erik1212,I love this game but my pc is WERY bad so i playd just 2 h.
76561197970263218,Recommended,446020,31167627,Posted: 15 April,all,Mad Kat,very fun game however a little unforgiving at times. (like my summer car for people who arent engineers).
,Recommended,446020,28855137,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Barbon! G.I. joe!,"Un muy buen juego 100% recomendado, no tendra graficas full pero es muy realista..........PD: viva el contrabando de alcohol xD"
76561198280643057,Recommended,446020,31737973,Posted: 13 May,all,CAR DUDE,when i wake up in the game the head turns nonstop it enoying
76561198253152543,Recommended,446020,31826531,Posted: 18 May,all,Binsly Rosen.exe,"at the moment this game is too buggy for me because whenever i opened up the map the game would crash an di would be laggy in tnnels, i will probabley get it when it comes out fully"
76561198361556175,Recommended,446020,31848298,Posted: 19 May,all,rosetersigni,the game is really fun but the only thing is it frezzes a lot and its really hard to move and play
,Recommended,446020,31266117,Posted: 20 April,all,Salt Spitoon,It's pretty good.
76561198165717253,Recommended,446020,31277599,Posted: 21 April,all,trucker186,realy fun but needs turkey and multiplayer but al in all its a 8 out of 10 so keep up the good work
76561198253086003,Recommended,446020,24307878,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,squidison339,i have a susgesgetion they make a multiplayr mode for this and you can have a lobby with all your friends and have like a little train of cars!!!!
,Recommended,446020,28103630,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Procrastinator Adam,"I love this game and it isn't even finished yet!Recently, I hit the edge of the map, as the game is still in Early Access (hard to believe this master piece still needs work). And instead of feeling grumpy, I feel so happy! Yes, I am annoyed. I'm annoyed because I can't play any more of this amazing game! I completely reccomend you pick this up! Support these amazing developers and support this one hell of a game! HUGE props to the developers, this game was a wonderful idea and it has been executed perfectly. I can't wait until the next update <3"
76561197970810423,Recommended,446020,22668456,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Licon,"Very interesting game. I thought it was simple, but o`boy how wrong i was. Love how to maintain the car and the physic in it, trying to get profit was harder than i though. Very easly replayable so i dont mind the bugs that much. Wish there was a freeroam as quest`s and maby delivery orders. More to do in gargage and store stuff in them. Wishes the creator the best of luck"
76561198041467646,Recommended,446020,22651021,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,impledob,"Was able to escape tutorial. Tried to just walk through the game, fell off the map. 5/7"
,Recommended,446020,32942036,Posted: 28 June,all,ProcessoRMX,I get a twitch every time I hear an engine splutter after playing thisExcellent game
,Recommended,446020,33095508,Posted: 1 July,all,Meliv,its pritty gud besides the fact its not like when youtubers play for me the review meror and the side merors dont work and there are no other cars ;( other then that its a real gud game.
,Recommended,446020,33109414,Posted: 1 July,all,carried waffle,I recommend the game but it's still in early access and alpha so the game is so short atm.
,Recommended,446020,28639918,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,O Mawnos Manos,cant wait for the next area to be finished!
,Recommended,446020,29304785,Posted: 16 January,all,Dat_Boi43264,Jalopy is a good game. But I can't get the newest update.
,Recommended,446020,23099905,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,FlashPlex,Nice game even in alpha state! I hope ther will be much mor content in the future for this game! :)
76561198160120425,Recommended,446020,25196526,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,jacob gaming1234,goog!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,446020,33418633,Posted: 9 July,all,Mithrandeer,Really good indie game - worth the price
76561197966267133,Recommended,446020,28094194,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Corpral Lungfish,"Being the owner of my own jalopy in real life I can say with confidence that this game is eerily accurate in its depiction of frequent breakdowns, Soviet motifs and roadside hotdog scavenging.Pro:The washer button makes the water come outCon:Hotdog police"
76561198276507659,Recommended,446020,23019516,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,⎝⧹⎛ Kamyczyr ⎞⧸⎠,"I Buy Powerest : Engine , Fuel Container and these item.That game for all upgrades is for 13 - 20 hoursIf you find box open ..If in this box is Items Sell on the Fuel StationFor ALL complete game (Drive all map) you must have 15 - 50 hoursFor 11.99 $ or 12.99 $ that is good gameIF YOU HAVE A DRIVE ITEMS IN YOUR HOMEI forget to buy this ..."
76561198279844192,Recommended,446020,31566515,Posted: 5 May,all,jayden.pizzariello,I can't save my game
76561198092331760,Recommended,446020,24411720,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Eryk Kanciano | Pvpro.com,"The game is relly very good and unique but can someone do semething with loading screen, I have to wait long for the game to load. And one of the major problems is that often turns off :/"
76561198255312948,Recommended,446020,34006085,Posted: 3 August,all,Matt8796,this game is awesome love the simulation and animation its realistic its a great game 10 out of 10
76561198080710181,Recommended,446020,32101221,Posted: 31 May,all,BootyHole Dangers,"If you like good games, buy this game."
76561198311356689,Recommended,446020,32324035,Posted: 10 June,all,VictorGaming_YT,I like it ! it is like a  cartoon
,Recommended,446020,32326933,Posted: 10 June,all,Nick ✞ ✞,i havent played too much of it but its such a good game i was in a very bad mood and it helped me get over it release more updates give us more content and make more routes and add checkpoinst pleaseee everytime i close my game and open it a hour or so later its just on the start and i have to go all the way again its kind of annoying but its a amazing game keep up the good work
,Recommended,446020,28682779,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Scorch,Best roadtrip game 9/10 needs more uncle and coop
76561198354071913,Recommended,446020,34245792,Posted: 14 August,all,lester.alex,itsagood game
,Recommended,446020,27379913,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Golgi,"Excellent Eastern European experience, could use more alcohol and turbofolk"
,Recommended,446020,34266629,Posted: 15 August,all,Zaithe,This game is like a post apocalyptic game mixed with Euro Truck Simulator. It takes place in the 90's after the collapse of the soviet union.
76561198176600115,Recommended,446020,31422819,Posted: 28 April,all,Morgan_p,really good game i love it... but its very hard to get money and occasionslly i will walk through a wall and fall beneath the world and have to restart the day :(overall i think the game is great but just needs some time to develop.
76561198041896087,Recommended,446020,26529004,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,MikelP11,So there's a man and his car.
,Recommended,446020,27912041,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Uzbekistani Denzel,"Super relaxing game, great customization. Amazingly fun choice of car to drive.8/10 for Early Access."
,Recommended,446020,26530311,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,󠀡,I love this game going around the whole Europe is very fun! especially if you love traveling then this might be your thing :D
,Recommended,446020,27834722,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Scruffy323,Its great! 10/10 would buy again its so fun!
,Recommended,446020,22857398,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Mr Retro,This review is based on my very first playthrough of the game before watching any youtube videos or anything like that. I just wanted to put up a quick review for people who may be unsure of buying this or not.Game starts and gives you the chance to play a tutorial which I did and it was very helpful. It wasnt one of those tutorials either that you are praying that they are almost over. Its short to the point and explains the basic mechanics of the game really well. So I would suggest not skipping it and its nice fun.Once thats done you take off with your uncle or grandpa (sorry not sure which) on a cross country trip in an old beat up car with stock parts and less than stunning looks for some reason. Along the way you must stop for sleeping and fixing up your car for upgrades and to repair. I love the concept of this game but right now its not without its share of early access bugs which is to be expected from an early version like this one. At first I wasnt sure if I would like it or not but so far I am having a blast. If the developers will stay with this game and update it properly with new content and fixing bugs then I believe this will be a top seller.I really look forward to spending some more time with this game seeing what else it has in store for me and I totally recommend even in this early stage of development its already better than 3/4 games out in Early Access
,Recommended,446020,24071435,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Ｓ Ａ Ｎ Ｔ Ｉ Ａ Ｇ Ｏ,"It's a game with a promising future; the sleepy environment fits the time, tiring(no pun intended) tyre-replacing action for those who want to do something else for a change and realism from where you don't expect it.It's an alpha: It is not perfect, I don't get why people whine about bugs now .Game-breaking or not, it still fits its special genre. Like how I feel as broken inside as my Laika.May not be worth the full price *AHEM ALPHA AHEM*, so get it during a sale."
,Recommended,446020,33330442,Posted: 6 July,all,Mild Spicy Sause,"Drove for many miles, windowshield is full of mud, ran out of gas, walked for miles back to the next has station, forgot money, walks back and gets money, goes back and gets gas. 10/10 would walk for gas."
76561198052904865,Recommended,446020,24836406,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,QueQueQue,"Tried the game, it's a great driving simulator game although there are still much more to do to improve this game. I do like it if they could add mouse steering rather than using keyboard to maneuver the car and also improve the sound in game such as dialogue from NPC and also the rumbling sound of the car's engine but overall I do recommend this game to any simulator fans :)"
,Recommended,446020,29923689,Posted: 14 February,all,Nemo,"Very promising, one of my favorite games, really relaxing and awesome music."
76561198237408798,Recommended,446020,30288945,Posted: 2 March,all,JJLogic,"Pros:simpleinteresting stylewell pricedCons:bugs and glitches that make it unreliable at times. glitches such as getting stuck in a fence on day 2 spazzing back and foward unable to get away from the fence unless i restart.similar spazzing happened with the speech bubble at the border crossing.might be my system, might be the game, unsure yet"
,Recommended,446020,30479711,Posted: 12 March,all,Azureon,"It's like an easier My Summer Car with less swearing, less car building and more comrades. It's main focus is to travel. Better with a controller. Overall good. Just like life in soviet satellite states; there was enough food but only just. Every update adds a sprinkle of seasoning. My advice is to probably wait until its released; I reached the end in about 2-hours."
,Recommended,446020,30908099,Posted: 2 April,all,ProGamer542,I LOVE IT! this game is like My Summer Car but Easier
76561198158070347,Recommended,446020,31088940,Posted: 11 April,all,Mundy,Very Good game Keep up the work I know your the only person making it but i give it a 10/10 but could maby in the future if you can add mutiplayer GREAT GAME
,Recommended,446020,31123217,Posted: 13 April,all,Kamlot88,Jalopy is a good game you can explore lot of locations and found nice items places and boxes or car parts :D bout game is in a build and have lot of crash on load or something bot it's great love it maybe add your own shop when you can sell items wich you find on the round <3 9/10 <3
76561197992945777,Recommended,446020,34357345,Posted: 19 August,all,Duck of Death,this driving game can be hard sometimes  jalopy is a game about driving and exploring  you get a car from your uncleand build it the car not hard to build  you will love it
,Recommended,446020,35162331,Posted: 23 September,all,Skrrrt Bampson,Having issues rn but game seems fun.
76561198030335349,Recommended,446020,35214967,Posted: 25 September,all,L.crtr,"One of the most entertaning games i've stumbled upon, pretty challenging too!"
,Recommended,446020,30062431,Posted: 20 February,all,Pa_Pa,"I recommend this game. The only exeption is that since it is still in Alpha, there are tons of bugs.This game would be great for the gamers who are willing to report bugs to the developers and make this game better.Otherwise, it is a fun and challenging game."
,Recommended,446020,30106552,Posted: 22 February,all,Catsuperberg,"RAPTURE/10It's not just the best game, it's the best expirience you can have in your life."
,Recommended,446020,30244359,Posted: 28 February,all,FerdiBerdiii,"A nice calm driving game, If your car is up to it. Once you do get your car situation handled nicely it's a fun smuggling game. Trying to get things across the borders.Would recommend dearly. Good game.Still getting updates too."
76561198033432058,Recommended,446020,30328635,Posted: 4 March,all,Shir Blackwater,"This game shows some promise, it is kind of zen to just drive around once in a while and see how far you can make it before having to return home. But that seems to be about the only thing the game has at the moment and it might need some more features to improve the gameplay as develoment goes on.But as I said the game does show promise and it does have some things to do other than puttering around in your Laika from one place to the next while picking up some crates and boxes to make a bit of money. You can also salvage some car parts from abandoned cars you might come across, and ""breaking in"" at junkyards (which is kind of an easy mini puzzle) and find some engine upgrades with some luck. Other than that the landscapes can be pretty interesting as well even with the simple graphical style and somewhat bare bones look.I can recommend this game if you are looking for an easy to get into driving simulator, well road trip simulator is perhaps a bit more accurate, and manage on a tight budget as you travel from Germany through the eastblock countries along with your uncle who will give some background info of the places you visit. (Uncle isn't active at the moment, but he should be again at some point I believe.)So give this game a try it's not that expensive really, especially if you get it during a steam sale, and can provide some hours of fun and relaxation... or frustration if you push your junker of a car a bit too far and end up stranded, but that can be part of the fun of a road trip. And as new features and countries get added you'll have some new things to see and do"
,Recommended,446020,30836510,Posted: 30 March,all,Disciple Husky,"I would recommend this game to people who like cars and adore being able to customize them to a simple extent, the only downside is that it's not complete yet, and it gets boring after a while.8/10"
,Recommended,446020,31005510,Posted: 7 April,all,Mayu The Kitsune,The best take your uncle on a roadtrip through the Soviet Bloc and Turkey in a true Soviet quality car sim out there
76561198303005618,Recommended,446020,31043358,Posted: 9 April,all,Double Trouble,tHE game Is very fun The only thing Im not a fan of is that somtimes my car dosent start everything is fine. but nope
76561198281160463,Recommended,446020,31121529,Posted: 13 April,all,Ribband,"I do reccomend this game as it is amazing. Everything is perfect in my opinion. However, I had several issues with trying to actually PLAY the game. Just use the steam community for this game and you should be fine!10/10 Toataly IGN"
,Recommended,446020,35101880,Posted: 21 September,all,Firenyth,"This game is great, played it twice so far and every time i get to the end i wish i could just go further, gather more money and parts until i can make the great journey which could be some crazy long road where you need enough supplies and repair kits to keep you going(this seems more of a suggestion rather than a review) :/"
,Recommended,446020,35110240,Posted: 21 September,all,anotherCorpse,"Interesting concept here. The interface needs some work. I should be able to click in the middle of the trunk to place a spare tyre. At one point I ran out of gas so I started walking down the road with my gas can in hand and wallet in the other. I found a box along the way and opened it to discover a bag of coffee which I picked up. I arrived at a petrol station and proceeded to pump gas into my gas can on the ground and walk into the store. I attempted to switch to the coffee to see if the clerk was interested and suddenly my wallet had disappeared. I could no longer purchase my gas, the gates were locked, and I was forced to walk the entire way back to my car, which I declined to do. Instead I turned the game off. You can put your wallet in your pocket, developers. It shouldn't keep disappearing back to the dashboard. Just make a wallet hotkey to pull it out! I feel similarly about papers, I should be able to have those in my pocket as well. Otherwise, a very interesting title I hope to see refined a bit more soon."
,Recommended,446020,35114705,Posted: 21 September,all,Ace,"As an update from my last time posting a review, I have completed the game and it is such a joy, if you enjoy maintenance, pretty surroundings, and a ""its not about the destination but the journey"" type of stuff then you'll love this. Now of course youll get bugges and glitches for example, I was going up a windy road and got caught up on a not loaded in section but thankfully i needed to put in more gas to get out of the sticky situation. Overall I highly recommened you to get it, sale or not."
76561198067987658,Recommended,446020,35189595,Posted: 24 September,all,penguinmizer,Its ok.
,Recommended,446020,35219566,Posted: 26 September,all,ÜËÏ,One of the best games I've playd in a long time. The game is early access so there might be a bug here and there and the game isent complete.
,Recommended,446020,35359061,Posted: 30 September,all,scru3,gimme dat backseat for storage!
76561198193633626,Recommended,446020,30049901,Posted: 19 February,all,Blubber,Driving run outta gas spend about 10 mins walking back to the town and realized I forgot my wallet ♥♥♥♥ 10/10 lol
76561198259100330,Recommended,446020,30077610,Posted: 21 February,all,GlobalGamer63,"Well, this game is good and all, I love the way the game plays and feels like your in an old german car, but.... The game crashes a lot, can you please fix that?"
76561198101618634,Recommended,446020,30170243,Posted: 25 February,all,jsthomas4,Fun
76561198097112090,Recommended,446020,30253482,Posted: 28 February,all,JoJoke,"I dont know how, But I decided to play this for as long as I could, and beat it in two days, well, get all the way down to the newest area, but still, made it, Im hooked, and would love more, even when its just you in the car, its a nice game, teaching people that they shouldnt be stupid and not be prepaired when going a road trip"
76561198282021822,Recommended,446020,30970826,Posted: 5 April,all,AwesomeSauce55,"well, its a fun game but I cant play it since my PC is old. I was only beable to play for one hour when I was visting family. great game. just needs to think more about the little guys."
,Recommended,446020,31141299,Posted: 14 April,all,Papa Blyat,The first game that recognises the existance of my country with the Bulgaria update and also bring back memories an actual trabant that my grandad owned when i was a kid. Great game 10/10 simple and fun games like that should be all over steam not stupid anime games
,Recommended,446020,34342470,Posted: 18 August,all,Doe,A driving simulator with some stock market mechanics (In my opinion). Honestly just a nice calm relaxing game.
,Recommended,446020,34406247,Posted: 21 August,all,Jayden_shad(Jay),"Good game with a fair amount of replay abilityUpgrades are a bit easy to get, there's no sense of accomplishment when you get them. This is not due to the price, this is due to the consistency of parts stores always being in stock."
76561198271966083,Recommended,446020,34496224,Posted: 25 August,all,Minerzach,Super fun and adicting quick tip dont take boxes and store them stupid idea.
,Recommended,446020,35111003,Posted: 21 September,all,..................,If you don't like the sound of the Laika then you're not a person.
76561198143230193,Recommended,446020,35113180,Posted: 21 September,all,ernest1783,Very good game
,Recommended,446020,35143360,Posted: 22 September,all,Ricky Baker,Poor-mans my summer car
76561198143634798,Recommended,446020,35159932,Posted: 23 September,all,GTAS,"good game i'd love to see a workshop for this game maybe diffrent maps, cars and inprovments"
,Recommended,446020,35231075,Posted: 26 September,all,A48Racing,"This game is fantastic for any gearhead looking for something a bit different from the standard fare of car games on the market. While the graphics are not exactly tomytastes, I can still without a doubt fully appreciate this game and absolutely love it.However, do keep in mind this is still early access. You may come across a few,discrepanciesafter a while."
76561198007730985,Recommended,446020,35383930,Posted: 1 October,all,Birdperson,"The developers obviously put a lot of love and effort into this game, definetly the most polished early access title i have played."
76561198244526560,Recommended,446020,30137499,Posted: 24 February,all,gandivar,Very nice game :)
76561197971228513,Recommended,446020,30176975,Posted: 25 February,all,AlphaDeianYT(englandismycity),a very spizy meme
,Recommended,446020,34361607,Posted: 19 August,all,Elijah™,"The game is very atmospheric in nature, the ""feel"" of the game itself makes it feel like you are quite literally driving through a literall memory of eastern europe at the time.The Trabant car was in reality a bad car, same here but you get the satisfaction that you have kept this little turd running for so long before ditching it on the side of the road after running out of gas. trying to make it to a gas station or store that sells gas to keep your journey going...g8 m8 i r8 8/8"
,Recommended,446020,35212161,Posted: 25 September,all,joe is not a jap,this game is so fun frist time i played for 2 hours love the music i do recommend.
,Recommended,446020,35287211,Posted: 29 September,all,E46M3,"I really like this game, only problem that I am expirencing, is that I cannot apply paint or decals to my vehicle. I've spent over one-hundred in-game dollars on paints and decals, and  none of which is working. Other then that, this is a very fun game that I will spend a lot more time on, if, I can have time."
76561198180203626,Recommended,446020,25590959,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,slayermotorhead666,"Absolutely love this game. Absolute blast, also before you want to say it will not have anymore updates go do some research and go to the developers page. He posts multiple things a week explaining everything going on and answering questions. Great developer great game all around greatness! Also runs pretty good on my potato so thats a huge plus lol"
,Recommended,446020,25629366,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Makku Makku,"very fun and addicting, only problem is it gets boring fast, I have 9 hours in it and now I just don't find the drive to want to play it"
,Recommended,446020,22810826,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,jamie,"Really enjoying the game so far, there are bugs here and there, but the Devs are constantly fixing them... not a problem considering the game is in alpha.Really looking forward to the game being completed so i can continue my onward journey"
76561198057780996,Recommended,446020,22847434,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,ast722,"This game is amazing. I have not bumped into many problems (Except a huge traffic jam). This game can be really peaceful and relaxing and so addicting. So if you're wondering if you should buy this game, I say you should. Bugs (of course) may still be a problem but I still believe this is a fantastic game. Also if you're not even sure what you do in this game, you pretty much take care of a car while driving your uncle through borders/checkpoints. You have to manage parts, money, etc. Again, great game. You will not be dissapointed."
76561198175834975,Recommended,446020,29748436,Posted: 6 February,all,doge_news,it's a  great game forwhat I've seen tho it does not work on my computer i am still happy to have it!
,Recommended,446020,30013714,Posted: 18 February,all,TheExplosion3,"an EXTREMELY great game, i dont see why people are giving bad reviews, but i would reccomend this to all people, its just a simpler my summer car, i know what my summer car is due to watching youtube videos, but this is a great game, money spent wisely! devs, keep doin what youre doin!        Edit: Even tho i fall through the ground 3 times, and had a save file corrupt once, im still happy with this game! its just too much fun to stop playing! pi (math)/ pi (math)"
76561198301614557,Not Recommended,446020,28670556,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Not An Admin,"Honestly, I quite liked the game, it has alot of potential, however, i found it personally a waste of my money as;-the game crashes often-starting all over sounds really dumb if you don't get to the check point-still unpolished-really unpolished-not worth the price tag (as of now)But if you do have spare money, it's recommendable."
,Not Recommended,446020,32731546,Posted: 24 June,all,Aggressive Sloth,A game based on cars with the worst car physics I have seen. Clipping a wall takes you from 120kmph to 0 instantly as do the brakes.The game is just an endless drive and the driving is terrible. Things break super fast but there isn't anything to it beyond holding left click to repair. The surrounds are really bland and boring and it's not even open world.
,Not Recommended,446020,24056156,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Lord Argos,I don't recommend Alpha stage because the game has tons of Bug & Crash...
76561198007586826,Not Recommended,446020,28715734,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Tjalfe Binyrebark,"I had been driving through Europe for some time now, collecting contraband to sell at the nearest gas station, making quite a fortune. I decided to upgrade my car. 2 stroke engine, new air filter, 22 liter gas tank, top speed of 110 km/h. Then i came to Dubrovko, if I remember correctly. I stayed at the local motel for merely 20 bismarck. As i woke up i wanted to leave the city, but apparently they had closed the city and i couldn't leave. As i drove around the city the game crashed and took all my♥♥♥♥♥♥ Woke up to the sound of my♥♥♥♥♥♥of an uncle telling me to fix the car.Maybe it'll be better when it is out of early access"
,Recommended,446020,24453055,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,cet,so this is what its like to be poor how disgusting
76561198332783447,Recommended,446020,29753033,Posted: 6 February,all,CrustStar,"YES YES YES, i love the game its absolutly amazing, still im not a big fan of survivalgames but this one blew me away. The Game is great, yes i know some bugs but what else do you want from the bate, its great, im hyped for the 1.0 Update what is probably gona be released this fall i belive. IDK how the develepor is gona expaned the game but i love it. I got everything in the game already, no cheats just very fricking lucky. Well yeah. If the develepor actully wants some ideas he can hit me up, i dont wanna take credit from the game IF my ideas get into the game but anyways. Love the game. Best survival car game i have played. and yes i own the game, im not such a fanboy who doesnt has the game but talks about it. Anyways love the game. keep up the work man you are doing great"
,Recommended,446020,23753087,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Haukerr,Ja
76561198110639334,Not Recommended,446020,27552053,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Фёдериx,"Jalopy is a very unique game with a good idea, but unfortunately the game is not developed enough to enjoy few hours of this game. For example, I stoped playing this game because I can't refuel my car, I just couldn't open the doors.If you want to play this game, try it, after all will be done."
76561198004384485,Not Recommended,446020,30066576,Posted: 20 February,all,Cyclonus Spike,AKA: eastern european game simulator - continues to crash over and over again yet you still want to play it.
,Recommended,446020,30654975,Posted: 21 March,all,Somy4,"This is one hell of a game.On one hand: you don't get to do much. The game mechanic is simplistic, there is NO quests (not even the main one), there is no voice acting, shooting, jumping, farting, peeing, etc.But on the other hand: ""eyyyy, gimme dat vino, brate"", ""gotta have dem freakin' rain tires"", ""c'mon lady buy some more of my lovely medizin"", ""nyet, officer, nothing illegal for you to find"".It can be fun, can be relaxing, can be buggy, can be infuriating. It can be whatever you make of it.Enjoying it so far."
,Not Recommended,446020,22753897,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Slum God,"Very buggy, almost unplayable.When i was in the middle of the tuturial my game crashed, then when i reloaded it it glitched so i was standing horizontally in the world. this, mixed with multiple other bugs, is why i do NOT reccomend this game.It's a cool concept and if it wasn't so buggy it would get 5 stars."
,Recommended,446020,24589193,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Joninator The Spooky,In Jalpoopy you drive a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥car that breaks down all the time around Europe or someshit while your senile Gramps tells you stupid ♥♥♥♥ing stories as you try an drive an listen to the radio. The AI drivers are inept and the car is a big bag of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Iz eurly axecess. 7/10 lemons.
,Recommended,446020,22850086,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Vegan Meat,fined for bringing vodka over the border-666/10
,Not Recommended,446020,25208640,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,s.vears,"Currently this game is not playable, it keeps crashing and you loose most of your game play.Will be quite good once the game is more stable."
,Recommended,446020,22586286,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,bUbir,"Don't buy the game.OK good, you're still here, that means you're interested.This game is pretty unplayable and you shouldn't even touch it if you don't already know what it is.Why did I give it a positive review?Well, I can't give it a score and I can't pick something in the middle of yes and no. Because this game is horrible for people that just want a game to play, but the best game ever for people who just love car games and want a whole new level of interactivity.There are a metric butt-ton of bugs and the dev team is actively working on fixing it. No, literally, I posted a suggestion and a bug report and I've received a reply in less than 2 minutes. It's crazy.There's not much else to say. You should already know what the game is by now. If you don't and you fancy a risky purchase, go ahead. It will pay out in the end, as everything will be fixed."
,Recommended,446020,26528809,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,DeX-files,"Like No Man's Sky, but 1000x better"
76561198141329724,Not Recommended,446020,30018106,Posted: 18 February,all,regularpit,Its the worst investment ever and It is full of game braking glites and bugs. like a flat tire you can't change permanetly
,Not Recommended,446020,26620876,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,(0_0),I bought the game yesterday and was so happy to play the game and everytime i try to launch the game it crashed so in till the fix that isue i would not buy it.
76561198133148829,Not Recommended,446020,26738784,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,StaviWho6,Jalop seems good at first. Then you try to launch it 10 times and it crashes. I haven't even got to any diolauge yet! F*** this game.
76561198198145159,Recommended,446020,34404581,Posted: 21 August,all,T$money,the toolrack is not working for me and took me 300 dollers so i got kinda mad so if anyone knows how to put on the toolrack on a trunk that would be greatthe games great tho
76561198374103469,Recommended,446020,34591961,Posted: 29 August,all,foxcat8116,"-driving-turns on radio♫Meinin Laika♪♫Meinin Laika♪♫Meinin Laika♪10/10 laika is love, laika is life"
,Recommended,446020,34767205,Posted: 5 September,all,Piggalishis,4/5 StarsIts really fun and it has some bugs.A few bugs are game breaking.
,Recommended,446020,29597370,Posted: 30 January,all,Pasteur,perddy god thusmber up
,Recommended,446020,22851426,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,pigered2112,It seems like a really cool game but when i try to play all of my actions have a delay. like when i try to turn i press D and it takes a second or two to actually turn and it makes it really hard. i dont know if i am the only one experencing this or what.
,Recommended,446020,32345016,Posted: 11 June,all,kalashnikov,30 seconds in and I haven't been chased by the cops yet.10/10 would get chased by cops.
,Recommended,446020,22965628,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,The Misanthropic Lord,"**While scrounging around the glovebox, you find a pamphlet dated DEC 1982**HELLO COMRADES!Many congratulates on the buying (or forceful requisition) of your own privat (with government approval) Laika brand auto!We understand that you are much excite to use the next greatest model that the best of the more eastern and better German engineers have to offer! With your *new* Laika brand automobile, you can expect all these luxury items too make you envy of any capitalist pig-dog:-Openable windows!-Automatic operated windscreen cleaning utensils!-People's operated radiowavelength collector and redistrobution system!-O2 operated engine cooling system!-SEATS!-And state of art engine block system guarenteed to run as finely as the politburo!*New to mean newer than any automobile built before 1961.We understand that as an industrious, liberated worker of the people's party that you also look for best, most efficient parts for best and most productive transportation assurances! With this in mind, all parts of Laika engine block are installed with quick reach repairable spots and/or replacement needs! Just don't get too fancy with *upgrades! Ha ha! In theory if it was at all allowed, which IT IS NOT, this vehilcle would be able to traversing large distance of GDR and beyond! With appropriate papers! And tools for maintanance! And petrol! List is not everything!*ALL UNAUTHORIZED UPGRADES ARE TO BE REPORTED. DO NOT STEAL THE PRODUCTIVITY FROM YOUR COUSIN TOMORROW FOR SPURIOUS TRANSPORTATION TODAY.For interest on scope of product please to be watching peoplle's informative movie device to acquire needed information for assembly and operation. And remember, genosse, a well maintained Laika, is a people's Laika!**A collection of slides are found in an envelope labeled in numerical order dated DEC 1990, a couple of months after reunification. It seems if you want to find out more about the vehicle and the initial travel of the vehicle, these slides would be agood place to start.**https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1i9b1IXrJa8"
,Recommended,446020,31539031,Posted: 4 May,all,Crumpets,"Extremely buggy in it's current condition, in fact it's bordering unplayable.Looks like it has promise but can't recomend in it's current condition."
76561198030805933,Recommended,446020,24483783,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,MR_SILVER,"This game remind me my first car, its was a piece of c.... but man... the liberty and the responsability that came with it.  Pay for the gas, check for all the fluid includind the♥♥♥♥♥♥jug and never forget the air pression for all the tires.  After the walking simulator i present you the Eastern C... Car Simulator.Pros:1- No Pokemon Go players on the road to harrass you...2- The gas is really cheap3- Ideal for all the hipster out there who wants a great 60's commies  simulator4- The uncle got candy if you ask him well...5- The NPC's AI on the road are all no brain loser like in real life6- The graphic are minimalist but great and remind me the cultural background of all hippies PC's commies of todayCons:1- No full controller support for now2- No hookers on the road for some joyride3- No Pokemons Go player's on the road for some great roadkill action (maybe to be implemented later who know...)4- The uncle seem weird and he's need to wash his mouth with something else than some bad vodka5- No vodka for a DUI at night6- Did i forget to mention, there no radio commies propaganda playingGuys its a buy go for it, i know its a EA and got a lots of bug but i thinks it will be a great hit and a jewel to become...Sorry for all the sintax error im a idiot who dont care..."
76561198251912342,Recommended,446020,22697235,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,nietes,I like this game a lot and ill say its realy fun but there a lot a bugs and sometimes crashses but then i stil like it 10/10 ;)
,Recommended,446020,26177337,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Bemarimulkku,You can make a ♥♥♥♥♥mobile 10/10
76561198191341245,Recommended,446020,26754727,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Mr.derpry.face,i can not start my car when the gas tank is ful and all things are repard
,Not Recommended,446020,33608311,Posted: 17 July,all,Sir Jordan,"has potential, but very buggy."
,Not Recommended,446020,31570059,Posted: 5 May,all,Herc.EU,"I bought the game because it was on sale and really loved some of the screenshots. That being said, for me, it more than delivered in terms of graphics and atmosphere and if I wouldn't have gone past the menu, it would have been great. Assembly system was the 3rd and last great thing about this game for me. Easy, intuitive, and at least in the tutorial it's covered by nice tooltips and placeholders plus it goes pretty quickly.And now, the bad. The tutorial, the text is huge, the uncle is slow and the information I think could've been a lot more succintly presented. Unless this is your first game ever I think most people would have been ok with it. The uncle is completely irrelevant. He doesn't come with you anymore (according to wiki page) and he doesn't actually say anything. It's just some mumble and the huge captions. Having the manual in the garage would've covered everything just as fine.And then the cherry that made me quit it. You try and steer that boat. I've driven that kind of cars and none skid like that at 20kph. I found it completely unplayable. I agree, it's early access, maybe they're trying to exagerate how bad those cars were, all sorts of explanations could be found/made but the fact still stands, the car is undriveable.It seems like a good concept that's way too early in its development cycle to be played. It's at best early testing stage in ym opinion. Maybe I'll revisit once it's actually released."
76561198166821690,Recommended,446020,34149810,Posted: 10 August,all,ちよパラ,10/10 would buy
,Recommended,446020,23036504,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Dab Clinton 1.1,"Great game , Very Great. May run terrible with core i5 and below but it is great , Music is uplifting and easy to the ear , you should get the game when it is not full price , got it for around 9 bucks (: , one thing is i will reccemond a good gaming pc / laptop since it is very glitchy and likes to stop responding with me but never really crashed on me! if you love cars like me and RPG / Exploreation games this is for you! you can even make the 2 cars from garrys mod / half life , the red trabant / the white and pink trabant junk cars , since the car you are driving is a trabant jalopy in a nutshell , one thing they need is paint for more common since i only found a white spray paint once in the trabant stores. yes im calling the laika trabant."
76561198212881996,Recommended,446020,30018618,Posted: 18 February,all,Sgt.Bulldog,:D :O :D :O get it BUUUUUUT it can be confusing at time (dat just might be for me ;-;) c;
76561198189199834,Recommended,446020,26397238,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Tehlegend,a bit boring but the gtaphics is nice
,Recommended,446020,26402047,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,[GMechanic]Alfie,- Builds car- Drives miles- Goes Offroad- drives into river- Oops10/10 would oops again
76561198295506215,Recommended,446020,31445225,Posted: 29 April,all,Hillbilly,"I do recommend this game, and the only thing i don't like is how hard it is to collect money and I don't find any boxes."
,Recommended,446020,22707709,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,BailsBach,"A quirky, fun game which takes you on a journey from Germany across the east of Europe. You take a delapidated, old car (jalopy) called 'Laika' with your grandfather to try to ""get home"". The car itself is modelled realistically, and comes with many functions. You are intrusted to fix the car on your way to ""home"". It's a rouge-like, car driving simulator."
76561198142399745,Recommended,446020,24522414,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,cunt,It's a good game.
76561198255901122,Recommended,446020,28448888,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,[xX_MLG360_Xx] | Pvpro.com,This The Best! I Love This Game And Good Luck Work
76561198355186969,Recommended,446020,31534033,Posted: 3 May,all,x ray [jpalmer],it does not work any more on my computer
,Recommended,446020,31532050,Posted: 3 May,all,Zámbóárpy VS Predators,"Nice atmosphere, soothing gameplay, the game crashes more often than a drunk communist lorry driver.10/10 would drink again."
,Recommended,446020,26526970,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,LeeMoStar,Not quite ready yet but its great idea. I'd love mor roads an posible turns etc so you can get lost and you only have an old school map
,Recommended,446020,27608922,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Daniel,yea
,Recommended,446020,28432025,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,derpysatan,"very good game, i think my favorite part would be the v coolio graphics."
76561198299975661,Recommended,446020,30401685,Posted: 8 March,all,BlackJack,"this game is so cool I love the art style so much,thoug it is hard in the beginning it gets really good as you go along!!"
76561198190365186,Recommended,446020,30422718,Posted: 10 March,all,ray,"i realy enjoy the game, but im having many issues with the game crashing due to graphic settings which run on my laptop, and i really wish you culd fix them! thanks!"
76561198081889313,Recommended,446020,30482206,Posted: 12 March,all,OctanianFire,"One of my favorite games! When I first heard of this game, before it came out, I was so excited for it and I bought it as soon as it came out. I havn't been able to play this game much since then because of computer issues, but I loved it when I did play it."
76561198134961388,Recommended,446020,30749091,Posted: 26 March,all,HurdleGirdle,Jalopy...more like ploppy...*disclaimer* I was not paid to write this review.
76561198274210528,Recommended,446020,30357302,Posted: 6 March,all,matthew-piercey,Great game
76561197972177179,Recommended,446020,30369988,Posted: 7 March,all,Tehan,I didn't expect to spend as many hours in this game as I have. There's just something about the art style and gameplay that I find hypnotic. A great game to listen to music to and just chill while playing.
,Recommended,446020,30465426,Posted: 12 March,all,Shawnta,It's about old times. I like it so much
76561198233660584,Recommended,446020,34508303,Posted: 26 August,all,benjaminlangerallen2,"Great game! Not quite worth what I payed for... yet. There definitely need to be more upgrades in the future. The ""Tint"" paint bottles don't work for me, I don't know why. It would be nice if there was more to drive than a Laika 601. If there was more to drive, I would play this game more often. Overall, I like the game and would recommend it to anyone who likes driving games."
,Recommended,446020,35165607,Posted: 23 September,all,Scoutiezi,Just buy it and feel it.
,Recommended,446020,30050073,Posted: 19 February,all,Skipylol,Relaxing.
,Recommended,446020,30847428,Posted: 30 March,all,The Legendary Tibs,10/10 Lada Simulator
,Recommended,446020,29255039,Posted: 14 January,all,100 kg (official),git gud
76561198368913269,Recommended,446020,35223490,Posted: 26 September,all,gt20modding,Good Game.
76561198053365406,Recommended,446020,22731448,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Olive Froot,"The ""I can't find the cursor in the menu"" simulator"
76561198075799104,Recommended,446020,25817399,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Kwanele Babafemi Makumba Bongani,"Nice Game, quite a bit of replay value to try and upgrade your car fully or to try and make more money for future updates.Worth the money. Minor bugs. 9.9/10"
,Recommended,446020,25795068,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,[kor]rcdragon,"but it is can running on 64bit, 3gb ddr3?..."
76561198024696078,Recommended,446020,25860486,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,mustang_jj351,I am the Kielbasa Overlord.10/10
76561198201033003,Recommended,446020,22818444,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,aydancars,Good Game But the parking brake doesn`t` work so I can`t move! I hope they fix this so I can move. This is a really good game so I would buy it unless you have a Windows 10 that has 1 thousand problems! [my computer]
76561198109227440,Recommended,446020,22800852,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Noob,A great game so far can't wait till I can explore further and there is less bugs and better optimsation in those city areas on this game!I especially like how the car can be taken apart and replace parts.
76561198335197354,Recommended,446020,26538315,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Bjs3d,i am lost after i got the keys he got out of the car and he stud at the little post that has a car
,Recommended,446020,30398399,Posted: 8 March,all,Ange1walk.[E&A] ❤,">Start Game>Put every part in the engine bay>My Piece of **** Jalopy Car is ready to go to Bulgaria>Turn on Radio>Driving on the Autobahn in Germany (Dresden), so chill>Find a box full of Wine>German Store pays alot for them>Buy 2x Spare Tyres>Refuel>Annoy guests at Motel, one Chap gave me 20 MK>Sleep in a Motel for 20 MK a night (Basically for free)>Drive-Tru to CZ and Hungary went well, now we are heading to good 'ol Yugoslavia>My Awesome Car starts smoking, i stop in the Middle of the Highway and open the Bonnet>Can't believe my eyes what i'm witnessing>Everything broken, losing hope>Out of fuel>Flat Tyres due to Potholes>Run 15 Minutes of Real Life time on Foot to get a Gas Tank, Realized i forgot my Wallet>Run 15 Minutes back to my Car to get my Wallet (because my Character for some Reason has no Pocket for a Wallet)>Finally made it to the Gas Station and Big Mistake... I pressed ""Q"" which means Dropping the current item... I had my Wallet selected, which means it Teleports back to the Car.>After 1 hour back and forth, i made it back to my Car with a full Gas Tank!>I realized i had forgotten to turn off my Headlights which Drained my Battery>Car won't start.>No Battery to be found, no Jumper Cables, No Power Pack...>All hope lost... Hit ""Return to Home"" my Uncle with his Yellow Moiré Pattern Clothing knew it was a failure.>Went to sleep11/10 would walk Hundreds of Kilometers on Foot againCan't wait for the Full Release of Jalopy =)"
76561197990247266,Not Recommended,446020,28594881,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,CroolisVar,"Good Lord, who on Earth thinks this is a good game? Buggy, tedious and without content. I feel like I've been ripped off at sale price of £6.69.It COULD be an interesting game (the car mechanic side of it is mildly ""interesting""), but it's going to need a damn sight more than what it's got. I honestly feel like the developer is taking the p**s and that the community is doing us a disservice by describing it as some kind of fascinating new take on the roguelike.It IS a new take on a roguelike - but one without content, polish or direction. We are shown screenies and vids of stylised graphical landscape - the reality doesn't even live up to that limited aspiration (and anyone who compares this to The Long Dark just because it has untextured polygons is a fool). What you see in the second video currently up atm, pretty much represents the whole game and everything you do in it.And just for the record, I like quirky, slow games (which is why I bought it), but... this?  Buyer beware."
,Recommended,446020,22568295,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Petrosian,"Wake up, Neo!=)"
76561198044912012,Not Recommended,446020,26522192,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Shadowjack,"Buggy as hell -- which is disappointing, because it looks like it could be a really fun game."
,Not Recommended,446020,30051157,Posted: 19 February,all,The King Of The Worms,It's pretty boring tbh like nothing happens you can't interact with anyone plus I frequently fell through the world
,Recommended,446020,22966708,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Neotext,went drivingcrashed carpaid $2000 to fix car10/10 would crash car again
,Recommended,446020,25405899,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Paul Atreides,Jalopy is that one game
,Not Recommended,446020,25122677,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,hallo,"As a fan of more mindless racing games such as Gran Turismo and GRID, I just couldn't enjoy Jalopy. It's a game for car enthusiasts, and does a great job at being just that. But use caution if you're a fan of more typical driving games as the tedium of maintaining your Laika is not for everyone."
76561198296100488,Not Recommended,446020,33493473,Posted: 12 July,all,i cen't spall,cant even start due to buggy start screen
,Recommended,446020,31498892,Posted: 1 May,all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡𝕤∀𝕄𝕖...,I like the build mechanic but its so lonely out here
,Recommended,446020,23923702,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,EvilKenevil,"Alright game, Very laggy tho..."
76561198061096833,Not Recommended,446020,26681073,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,bbq king farmskins.com,"i had 12 bottles of wine and i saved and when i came back the next day everthing was gone even my jack,crowbar,gascan,2 rode tyrs."
76561198258834196,Not Recommended,446020,30007421,Posted: 18 February,all,emil.vikan,"Fun the first 10minutes, but then it get's boring,"
,Recommended,446020,34538679,Posted: 27 August,all,Mining15,this is an amazing game
,Not Recommended,446020,26664913,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Lord Pally,"Currently this game is Hit or Crash for most players.  If you are lucky enough to be able to play it then more power to you. If your like me, then you get crash after crash after crash.  I think the game is a great concept, and if you have extra money, then get it. If you are trying to make sure you get a game that you ""Can"" play, then this one may not be the one for you until they get the problems fixed. I know the DEV is active, but it is like the crashes have been there for a while (After reading past post), and they add, and try and fix it which causes more crashes. I hate to do it, but this is a game I have to get a refund to, and I will just go get the other game that is bases somewhat on this. My Summer Car.  Good Luck to those that do buy it. I hope you get to play this game, it has great appeal, just the CRASHES kill it.."
,Recommended,446020,35049170,Posted: 18 September,all,Aking-Of-Worst,"Entertaining, i don't like how robbers are ""magically"" punished."
,Not Recommended,446020,35230025,Posted: 26 September,all,lord_flick,I would love to say I like the game however it has  tendancy to crash on loading screens about half of the time
,Recommended,446020,30623894,Posted: 19 March,all,ネクサス,"-started up game-wanted to go on a journey-once i started my car all of my tires have exploded-didn't have any spare tires, so i had to go full tokyo drift style to the nearest store-entered store-didn't have enough money to buy atleast one tire-save and quit-new game10/10 would start the game all over again, because i couldn't afford the tires"
76561198181713985,Not Recommended,446020,28310146,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,*Content Deleted*,The game keeps crashing  when I start it.
,Not Recommended,446020,26564486,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,darklingcolt,i got this game ready to give it a good review but how can i review it if it crashed evey time i just can't give it a good review if i can't play it
76561198021169154,Not Recommended,446020,22816663,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Sir_Harrison,"This game is Extremly Broken at the current state... you drop something in your hotel room. it goes through the floor. you wanna drive 3 feet, hit a invisible wall. wanna repair a part of your car, get locked in a repair station. There is no fun way to play this game...WHEN YOU REFUND THIS GAMEhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=od3cjyHctjo"
76561198012101069,Not Recommended,446020,22640870,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Puncher D,"I had some hopes for this game, which could pan out in time, but not holding my breath.  The concept is to my liking being a cross between driving, mechanic, and rpg sim with minimalist graphics style.   The main issue is that the game mechanics are roughly as clunky as the car you are suposed to be driving.  It feels like playing Car Mechanic Simulator, which also felt a bit awkward to maneuver and place the parts.  Sometimes just putting things in the trunk can be hit or miss.  The buildings are sparse and functional.  I only found a few boxes on the side of the road, though it is possible to by parts at the border.  It is not quite open world as you might think.  There are a few procedurally generated roads on each map.  You choose one road and that's what you drive on.  You pretty much follow a limited path to your next check point and make repairs/sleep at motel.  You don't free roam GTA style by any means.  Parts do degrade fast, and I had a hard time finding a place to stop to make repairs without cars crashing into me.  For some reason the tool kit got used up fast  as if it were a consumable...or just a bug.  I did hit a bug at the border where it wouldn't let me give the papers to the customs agent so I gave up.  It just felt tedious getting to that point."
76561198202788232,Recommended,446020,28541347,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,zabriang,my mouse keeps going to the side and i keep unpluging every thing to and it still goes to the side
,Recommended,446020,22652296,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,ｂｕｓ † ｅｒ,"Sold about $300 worth of meds to a gas station, came out with $100,350. I like this game, however I do not like my uncle. 10/10 game."
76561198127696877,Recommended,446020,22698695,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Bannanuu,"I CRASHED MY CAR INTO A BRIDGE......................I DONT CARE, I LOVE IT"
,Recommended,446020,31496275,Posted: 1 May,all,Jorundrk,Worth buying at full price.
76561198356965792,Recommended,446020,30601552,Posted: 18 March,all,your big black friend gamdom.com,it wont let me get on the game
,Recommended,446020,31073937,Posted: 11 April,all,Null,我们需要中文We need Chinese中国語は必要Nous avons besoin de chinoisWir brauchen chinesischNecesitamos chinopotrzebujemy chinPrecisamos de chinêsНам нужно китайскийเราต้องการภาษาจีนΧρειαζόμαστε κινέζικα
76561197970539501,Recommended,446020,34694927,Posted: 2 September,all,dave_s4,"An overall great game with having to take care of a car and how realistic it sort of is. One feature I would like to see though, is a sandbox mode"
,Recommended,446020,28106475,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Mr. Peace on Earth,"Really good game.Also, crashes a hell of a lot less after the Yugoslavia update."
76561198278983118,Recommended,446020,24519566,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,latifhiba,this game crashes- restart story mode- did training on basics- crashesplz fix crashes5/10
,Recommended,446020,32749359,Posted: 24 June,all,Droozy001,just really ♥♥♥♥ing good
,Recommended,446020,28701320,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,TRPL,>driving>sees a box>puts on brake>3 cars start to ram into eachover>gets out>goes to box>opens it>crowbar in the box10/10 would cause heavy traffic for a crowbar again
,Not Recommended,446020,35394661,Posted: 1 October,all,Guy_Fawkes,the hungary bridge looks bad it makes you go 20mph
76561198149149926,Recommended,446020,31535852,Posted: 3 May,all,Blue,my moeny glitched out and i had to restart that was not fun i had some good sutf
76561198185694071,Not Recommended,446020,22633678,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,berryberry123,"Its sad that I cant recommend the game because honestly I want to enjoy it, and I was until I ran into many bugs making it nearly impossible to play.First I started with the tutorial, which was going fine until the jack disappered when I droped it, after 4 minutes of looking I was forced to restart. On my second play through everything was working until I was unable to interract with one of the four tires making it so I only had three and couldnt get pass that part of the tutorial.Finally I decided to give up on the tutorial and go in to a normal play through about 2 minutes in my uncle teleported in front of the car in a sitting position making it difficult to see. i decided to restart the run since i wasnt too far in, on my second run I got into the car and everything broke right away, i had to get out and replace the entire engine. on my final run the both things happened so not only could i not see but my engine was smoking for no reason. I hope the game gets fixed so I can pick it up and enjoy it but for now im just going to refund."
76561198138684126,Not Recommended,446020,29883301,Posted: 12 February,all,flametrooper,"found this game really boring at times, also tedious, but if you are into a roadtrip game i reccomend, but if you are not sure, steer clear"
,Not Recommended,446020,23413599,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Bash the Ash,"I bought this expecting My Summer Car.Instead I got My Summer Car: Reciever Edition.It feels just kind of alright to play.  The physics engine needs some work and the way the trunk/boot works needs to be reworked but otherwise it's just... alright. Not amazing, not super interesting to play. Just alright. Really buggy though. I might buy this again if it gets more polish and a lot more content."
76561198193386983,Not Recommended,446020,29786067,Posted: 8 February,all,[SWL] Abstar1998 [CC Manager],Game keeps crashing when saved. I keep restarting the game because the save profile keeps on crashing this needs to be sorted out asap
,Not Recommended,446020,29557502,Posted: 28 January,all,Trilobyte,"I wouldn't recommend the game in its current state. Crashes frequently, framerate issues, the introductory level doesn't allow you to complete it if you skip any instructions. I would certainly say that this game has potential, however, this review is about what's offered at this moment in time, and currently it isn't worth the money."
,Not Recommended,446020,22596163,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,UltimateBMWfan,"Jalopy is a game with an interesting concept, but absolutely lives up to it's Pre-Alpha name. There are more crashes in this game than I've ever experienced in any other alpha/pre-alpha version of the game. Bugs are everywhere. Every time I restart the tutorial, I discover new things. For example, on some journeys, I get told to fill up. On others, there is no fuel station and I just run out of fuel. On some journeys I reach the city in no time, on others, I drive on until I run out of fuel and still see no city.Sometimes the companion (your uncle) will have a stroke. Messages will go from something coherent, like ""You know, I did this journey once as a child"", to ""yyyyyyyyoooooooouuuuuuuuuu kkkkkkknnnnnnnooooooooowwwwwwwwwwww,,,,,,IIIIIddddddddiiiiiiiidddddddddddd tttttttttthhhhhhhhhhiiiiiiiiiisssssssss jjjjjjjjjoooooouuuuuuuuurrrnnnnnnnneyyyyyyyyy ooooooncccccccccccccccceeeeeeeeeee aaaaaaasssssssss aaaaaa ccccccchhhhiiiiiiilllllldddddddddd"". Uncle, are you having a seizure?You'll also notice I keeo talking about this one journey. Yeah, I haven't gotten to anything else yet, because I either can't get out of the city because I'm blocked in by fences, or I run out of fuel before even getting to the city, or I'm not able to sleep in the bed of a motel and can suddenly walk through buildings like a ghost.Maybe it'll improve in the future. I hope it'll improve in the future. But right now, it's not worth the headache and bugs.EDIT: A few more things. Fullscreen seems to crash unless I run at 1280x720, and I can't seem to change the quality settings, because the game just refuses to remember it and sets it back to High. The routes also sometimes refuse to show up, showing just 3 black pixels I can select. Catalogs are also broken, after opening it and buying something, I can't go back and buy it again, because all I get is a stupid envelope blocking my purchase invoice.Also, beware of any books or any lights. There's a chance they'll suddenly flicker madly and cause seizures. So if you have any seizure history, wait until that's fixed."
76561198183822025,Not Recommended,446020,24315977,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,steevymcreevy,"I got the game for £10.00 and all it does is just crash, crash, crash. If you could fix this it would be highly apprieciated."
76561198082105180,Not Recommended,446020,33286208,Posted: 5 July,all,FiBear,"The game is simply not done yet. (Also for some reason the ONLY game i dont get 60fps in)The first few moments are awesome, but you soon discover variety of problems. Saves only save each day (sometimes 1 hour of playtime is lost). You play at ""night"" most of the time, so if you get stuck somewhere its just slow grinding in low brightness that feels like forever. Framerates suck, there are lots of drops thoughout the game and overall the more you play, the less fps you get for some reason. The only sometimes working options dont help either.For the gameplay, its repetitive. You get to know all the things in the first hour and when the same thing brakes for the 5th time it turns from relaxing to AGAIN?? The game is either too hard or too easy with few events going on, you can enter a total of 3 various buildings as of now and story almost doesnt exist.The game looks nice and can be very good but right now, its impossible to enjoy even the little there is.If you consider buying this, please take it as an investment rather than a game."
,Recommended,446020,22854957,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Возможно,The game is beautiful but add Russian language
,Not Recommended,446020,22596833,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,stu,"I spent a good hour playing until it crashed on me. I launched it again and picked ""Continue"" and was thrown back to the beginning.Before it crashed, I was at the first petrol station and Uncle told me to fill up both the fuel tank and the fuel can in the trunk. I couldn't figure out how to get gas in the can for the life of me.I like the idea, it has potential but it's not yet fun in its current state.Only buy it if you have the patience to report lots of bugs on the forums and watch it gradually get better."
76561198089745052,Recommended,446020,25974788,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,kootranovadanzkittys,go play nekopara instead  but the game isnt to bad but for right now it needs alot of work
,Recommended,446020,30077028,Posted: 21 February,all,ılılı KevKev-Beast ılılı,"Now time for a proper review.Since this is only a pre-alpha game you may expect some bugs.(Like falling trough the road - which is Fixed now)I've played the game for some hours now and the game it's self is pretty interesting.It may not seem like it, but a potato-pc wouldn't be able to run this.Overall the game may start to get a little repetitive but I'm sure the developer will start getting out more updates when the game (hopefully) gets more popular.I would rate this game 8/10 since it's still in an early stage"
76561198280132861,Not Recommended,446020,29974728,Posted: 16 February,all,Brockster17,"I was interested in this game, so I bought it today. My mind was blown how bad this game was.I has to restart many times because of bugs and random car breakdowns, so FINALLY, when I got to a town, I parked next to it and opened the windshield. everything was broken, so I got the 2 spare parts from the trunk, replaced them, and I thought, ""what if I can sell these, as they are not COMPLETELY broken?"" so I went into the shop and put them into the cashier and they went to the left into a pile. Then the cash register said -7.50. I next I bough something that looked like a toolbox that I could use to fix my car, so i picked it up and dropped it in the cash register area.  Then it went right. It dropped into a pit covered in glass and I couldnt do anything to get it. I dropped two more in, did the same. After mindlessly running around wondering what was going on, I found a lever you could push to buy the items. I felt SO dumb. Then I clicked the button and it spent my money and made the toolboxes dissapear and it dropped my items to sell. It made a ""BZZRP"" noise. I realize that something was glitched.That is only ONE reason this game is not good -- I could go on for hours.My rating: ""Horrible game.Wasted the last of my Christmas money."" 4/10."
,Recommended,446020,29836425,Posted: 10 February,all,Mr. Poopy Butthole,so where is the bicycle i am supposed to drive
,Recommended,446020,26555214,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,The Pyongyang Original,Great game! Its worth the money and your time!
,Not Recommended,446020,22621388,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Kharmaghost,in its current state it is definetly not worth it i could barley get past the first gas station with out my uncle getting out and just stadning not doing♥♥♥♥♥♥or my car just spinning in circles as of 4-24-2016 this game is not worth a single penny
,Not Recommended,446020,22642306,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Ratothia,too buggy. no
,Not Recommended,446020,23607111,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Sarubia02,I cannot even get past the loading screen before it says :'Jalopy.exe. is not responding.
76561198091080802,Not Recommended,446020,22762799,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Stingreah1,It would be amazing if it worked... wait till its a full game.
,Not Recommended,446020,22656242,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,"Game Over, Man","The idea is fun, but this game will need some real polish before I could enjoy it."
76561198146119311,Not Recommended,446020,22650834,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Nigerian prince | hellcase.com,would be fun but its currently a broken mess.
,Not Recommended,446020,22595876,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Mr Dudu 10,"A game, which at its core, can be a good one. However, it is completely full of bugs, which render it practically unplayable. The person who accompanies you walks at snail speed, and if that isn't bad enough, he sometimes randomly disappears. It is also very hard to drive the car, as the driving physics and controls are terrible. This game has potential, but at its current state, I don't recommend it."
76561198322138742,Not Recommended,446020,25935594,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Doctor pimp,I can not Drive the car because the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ gets out of the car as some as he gives me the keys i tried everything!!!!!
,Recommended,446020,28669722,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Offster,.
,Not Recommended,446020,22589979,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Lochlan N Roche,okay so this game is glitch tastic i would not recommend this game till full realese cause uncle's dialog is messed up and some routes are infact impossible. Sometimes Uncle will say things that he has said while you were making the car when you use the jack. Some boxes you find on the way cannot be opened and sometimes you cannot put things into the trunk.
76561198324664623,Recommended,446020,26482026,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Cowboy Tanaka,my first sim its fun worthed my time and money
76561198015659601,Not Recommended,446020,26504672,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,GamePsycho,Sorry but cannot give this game a thumbs up. I was not able to play because the game froze everytime I chose a new screen size - so no gameplay at all.
76561198298164448,Not Recommended,446020,30585337,Posted: 18 March,all,PANZER,it laggs very much after selecting route then after a while it crashes please fix.
76561198144872288,Recommended,446020,34987138,Posted: 15 September,all,Fazbeardat,For the finnal release of jalopy could you please make it playable ON Linux (Ubuntu 16.04 LTS)
76561198035461472,Not Recommended,446020,26528208,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,KlumsyK,This game is not very deep. I know it's in early access but ...
76561198465278737,Not Recommended,446020,26754291,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,luweez,i want my money back
,Not Recommended,446020,29935293,Posted: 14 February,all,Nathan ʕ•ᴥ•ʔ,"Played for about an hour of boredom until I fell through the map. Thank god for that, I guess."
,Not Recommended,446020,29155458,Posted: 9 January,all,lostinlyf,game is very basic and you are told esactly what to do with out trying to work it out yourself
76561198255784917,Not Recommended,446020,22620038,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,lukehoward828,played for a little bit didn't like it. It was very boring and would lag if the settings were turned up. I got a refund
76561198185557257,Not Recommended,446020,22661629,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,B. Jarines 1510,no it is a waste of money
,Recommended,446020,23865294,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Peugeot,its good butt it crashes before i get to dresden butt its a good game butt it crashes its a big butt
,Recommended,446020,22699744,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,BoND,"Doesnt have money.Blocks gate with the car.steals the things in the store.Its not just a car survival simulator.Its also a robbing game!M8, I r8 8/8"
,Not Recommended,446020,22694959,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,ColossalClock,Its like skyrim with cars.its not that fun in its current state.
76561198074285519,Not Recommended,446020,24039451,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,The Fabulous Mr Fox,"I'm sorry but this game was boring as all heck.  it took 30 minutes to do the tutorial and was beyond technical, then I got locked into the gas station for over an hour because I thought (being pre-alpha), the store closes at night!  turns out no one said the gates close until I pay for something (I thought my wallet was left behind, no one said it was in front of Opa!) plus I spend so much time on a boring road listening to boring stories from a boring man.  They could do so much more."
,Recommended,446020,30479217,Posted: 12 March,all,Bear,Very Good I got to the end A then I decided to replay And I'm loving it
,Recommended,446020,30385112,Posted: 7 March,all,Ristkell,i love this game
,Recommended,446020,31049032,Posted: 9 April,all,bird man,- driving down dirt road- puncture all tires- 10/10 would play communist drift again
76561198144380760,Not Recommended,446020,22712787,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,jhulse,when i was in the car i did every thing correct but the car would not star i tried it for 2 ours THE GAME IS DUMB DONT GET THIS GAME
,Not Recommended,446020,33881282,Posted: 29 July,all,WinZIP,Don't buy this game.Don't.Engines need repair only after 5 minutes after purchasing a new one. You can't find repair kits to buy in gas stations. You get stuck in cities. You can't pass borders. You walk back to your car each time you forget to take your purse with you. You get crazy. What for? Only to find random packages on roads you drive.I bought you with high expectations Jalopy. You are so not worth it.
76561198028611736,Not Recommended,446020,23046126,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,2k,WAY TO BUGGY HOLY EVEN IF IT IS EARLY ACCESS
76561198355123240,Not Recommended,446020,32346290,Posted: 11 June,all,fus7,"Boring begining made me feel that this is not what i expected. So refund it, after an hour to try to like the game."
76561198343148765,Recommended,446020,31493497,Posted: 1 May,all,maxsteinhauser,awesome game
76561197984391373,Not Recommended,446020,35266054,Posted: 28 September,all,Cocaine Lightning,"This turd needs some serious polishThe tutorial is frustrating. If you save and quit, you have to restart from the last in-game checkpoint, not necessarily where you saved. And the car stats don't reset when you reload. So if you drive somewhere and everything in your car takes 50%damage and you restart, you restart with everything having 50% damage and no money to repair it. The tutorial also doesn't have a way to explain what to do when things go wrong - I'm guessing because the devs didn't count on anything going wrong in the tutorial.The car isn't fun to drive and sounds like a wind-up toy with hair caught in the wheels.Don't buy this unless it's severly discounted, and even then it might not be worth it"
76561198038045968,Not Recommended,446020,35136840,Posted: 22 September,all,dhtikna,Unforutnately this game is unplayably slow on my Gtx 860m! That too in 720p Low!!!
76561198169338162,Recommended,446020,32280694,Posted: 8 June,all,jason voorhees,....
,Not Recommended,446020,32429512,Posted: 15 June,all,RuskoDisco,"I couldn't really get into it, I understood it and I didn't find it difficult. Just not what I expected. Just empty, and now they added roach country and it just makes this game hateable."
76561198001563887,Not Recommended,446020,24804127,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,kmfaordie,O suppose it isnt so bad. Reading the reviews i expected so much more. Right now i rather have refund and come back later in development. but I guess i learned my leason on this one for sure. I wish the developer best of luck and i hope to see an awsome game in the future.
76561198028990816,Not Recommended,446020,32416446,Posted: 14 June,all,8BitJake,The game is broken!  my car only goes left and will not turn right at all. So im stuck at the very start with a car that ony make left turns.
,Recommended,446020,26530417,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Chickan,awsome gay 11/10 ign
76561198330003662,Not Recommended,446020,34236251,Posted: 14 August,all,sammy the salmon,I loved the game but after the 3rd time I played it it would not load it just said running so I loved the game but it does not load😰
76561198132780231,Recommended,446020,26222566,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,LM,GG
76561198079742023,Recommended,446020,35076708,Posted: 19 September,all,donGhoti,Fun little game. Maybe not worth the $15 I payed. If it goes on sale I do recomend it.
,Recommended,446020,24483905,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Voilà Viola,!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!COMRADES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!ВЕЛИКИЙ восточногерманского ПУТЕШЕСТВИЕ ВЕКАVELIKIY vostochnogermanskogo PUTESHESTVIYe VEKAВЕЛИКИЙ восточногерманского ПУТЕШЕСТВИЕ ВЕКАVELIKIY vostochnogermanskogo PUTESHESTVIYe VEKAВЕЛИКИЙ восточногерманского ПУТЕШЕСТВИЕ ВЕКАVELIKIY vostochnogermanskogo PUTESHESTVIYe VEKAВЕЛИКИЙ восточногерманского ПУТЕШЕСТВИЕ ВЕКАVELIKIY vostochnogermanskogo PUTESHESTVIYe VEKAВЕЛИКИЙ восточногерманского ПУТЕШЕСТВИЕ ВЕКАVELIKIY vostochnogermanskogo PUTESHESTVIYe VEKAВЕЛИКИЙ восточногерманского ПУТЕШЕСТВИЕ ВЕКАVELIKIY vostochnogermanskogo PUTESHESTVIYe VEKAВЕЛИКИЙ восточногерманского ПУТЕШЕСТВИЕ ВЕКАVELIKIY vostochnogermanskogo PUTESHESTVIYe VEKAВЕЛИКИЙ восточногерманского ПУТЕШЕСТВИЕ ВЕКАVELIKIY vostochnogermanskogo PUTESHESTVIYe VEKA
76561198078205519,Recommended,446020,24620024,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Egg.,1: got jalopy2: fixed up a old car3: drove around until i saw a gas station and robbed it3.5: ran away from cops4: went and sold the loot5: go home6: start up my computer and play jalopy7: write this reveiw
,Not Recommended,446020,22578404,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,WarfareGamers,I thought this game was wow waiting weeks for its release until i found this dissapointing crap. I can't even start the journey without the game crashing! Do not buy this game
76561198158152137,Not Recommended,446020,26077258,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,tylerjkillian01,This gmae wouldn't save or run for more than a total of thirty minutes until it crashed
,Not Recommended,446020,22576291,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,LælLion,"Great Game and would love to play it on more than 10fps, the ideas are great but why is such a simplistic looking game running at 10fps on lowest settings (my computer runs Skyrim on medium at 60fps).Early Access and needs some serious optimisation work."
76561198042306265,Not Recommended,446020,23718972,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Däyum,"Takes 1 hour to finish, didnt like it due to that fact."
76561198368237912,Not Recommended,446020,31756089,Posted: 14 May,all,reese.hickey5,"I cant even play the game... It just says ""Getting your game ready"" and disapears... then comes back, and then disapears again..."
76561198028850957,Recommended,446020,25535650,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Sr. Eng. Palminha,"This is a really great game so far, and i hope more updates keep coming.Pls put more upgrades for the Laika 601 like diferent tires, rims, exhaust pipe etc...And put some package dilevery missions pls!!And ad too some nice easter eggs!!"
76561198031268803,Not Recommended,446020,22802230,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Moonchild,"if there isn't a ""shut the old piece♥♥♥♥♥♥up"" button I'm not playing annymore"
76561197969935817,Not Recommended,446020,24797631,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Yzzyx,"Don't expect this to be a car, or even an arcade car, simulator. Its a neat idea but the controls will make that time you accidentally stepped on a broken bottle at the beach feel like a good time.  Its an ""art-piece"", and worth seeing, but if you are expecting a real game do NOT buy it."
76561198139160159,Not Recommended,446020,22609039,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Butt-Hole McSkids,WHY IS THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME SO BROCKEN WWWWWWWHHHHHHHHYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYFor real thoe I want to play it but the old far gets stuck trying to exit the car OR I cant bye stuff that I have at the gas stations please fix this game its a ♥♥♥♥ing HUGE MESS
76561198120485508,Not Recommended,446020,24056669,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,TusTus,"Jalopy.exe has stopped working, lol jokes on you ♥♥♥♥er why did you buy this? You shouldve known."
,Not Recommended,446020,26446809,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,m0s,Too buggy. Unplayable in my machine as of now.
,Not Recommended,446020,30665136,Posted: 22 March,all,Kim Jong-Un,unless you have a expensive computer you cant run it crashes corrupts files and is overpriced for what it is
,Not Recommended,446020,30022254,Posted: 18 February,all,Chuck Bartowski,na
76561198289162335,Not Recommended,446020,28678319,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,quaidhamel,when i try to start it the game crashes a minite in does any one know what to do
76561198301418768,Not Recommended,446020,29530089,Posted: 27 January,all,monster2821,WITH THE UPDATE I CAN NOT PLAY THE GAME IT CRASHES WHEN I START AND IN THE CAR.
76561198088063593,Recommended,446020,29837238,Posted: 10 February,all,DirtyJesus,BUY IT NOW
,Recommended,446020,29812933,Posted: 9 February,all,hondaav,i love this game and im not gona not reccomend it but i just think its a little to laagy and i have an alianwere :P
76561198369653038,Not Recommended,446020,34562176,Posted: 28 August,all,Big Smoke,"I do not recommend this game. Their are some serious problems with it. First off, I don't get more than 7 frames with the lowest settings in the game. Second, OpenGL graphics don't even work 3/4 of the screen is black. Seriously devs, fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198068851553,Not Recommended,446020,23201131,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Recon238,i cant play itloading... Jalopy exe has stoped working
76561198206837440,Not Recommended,446020,31533968,Posted: 3 May,all,ShrekismyFavoriteanime,This game is very uneventful. You literally just drive from point a to b. You find a gas station or go to a town along the way. But thats just it.
76561198407010841,Not Recommended,446020,35482239,Posted: 4 October,all,keegonny,bad
76561198207927756,Not Recommended,446020,26492886,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,hollowworld,"This game is very boring and has many glitches the beginning is fun, but the rest... nah mate."
76561198124669030,Not Recommended,446020,24121685,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,CSI48,"this is a great game , fun and all that jazz but.....It's not even close to being done, yes it's a Early Release , but it's more like a Tech Demo than a game worth buying.  i bought this game over this summer sale and requested a refund soon after about 1 1/2 hrs playing it.At it's current state , this 'game' is NOT woth a buy.  wait till around X-Mas , maybe the Dev's will get off thier cash-grabing a**es and complete the game.I rate this game a 3/10Don't get me wrong , the game is fun and has a great concept , but i have a thing about these games 30% finished and then released as a 'Early Release'.  when i hear that this game has ALOT more done to it , i may Re-Buy it and Re-Review it.....till then , Pass on this."
76561198129435342,Not Recommended,446020,26530692,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,DeathsAFantasy,Game keeps crashing on me. anybody know how to fix it?? I get into the game hit contuine and then it crashes. PLEASE HELP FIX THIS BUG
,Not Recommended,446020,26014212,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,[KLM Virtual - Owner] Hascast,"I have played 4 hours of this game with in 2 days now. Its full of bugs. I do want a refund but i probaly wont get one. If you want proof of this then i can upload a vid to YouTubePros:Nice gameplayGood graphicsNIce MusicCons:BuggyNo CheatsCant unflip carYou have to start over and over againNo sandbox mode ( Unlimited money mode )StressfulNo mod support ( Edit )Bugs:Random poping tyresRandom engine breakingTerrain Pops out of positionCant open doorsCant buy stuffSome Scripts dont workIf you change options, you cant, it freezez the whole gameBed time freezeMoney DissapearingKeys DissapearingUncle flys off ( Edit )"
76561198195534711,Recommended,446020,26543110,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,IPhone_Pro,yesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyes
76561198023806965,Not Recommended,446020,24322571,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,zelldincht,"Controls do NOT work with 360 controller plugged in. Meaning this game does not provide you the option of changing between controllers. A simple programming error that these people have not caught on to yet. This product is NOT ready to hit the market yet, please dont waste your money."
76561198110669895,Not Recommended,446020,25092365,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,zoso,"Still to early for release , crap , it's not worth more the $5.00 ( or should I say rubles) at this point :("
76561198363046919,Not Recommended,446020,31516199,Posted: 2 May,all,yodan,I cant even get on road because the game keeps crashing. It crashes just 3 min in the game. Its a waste of money and dont buy it.
,Not Recommended,446020,31513095,Posted: 2 May,all,great expectations,BUGGY EMPTY PIECE OF CRAP
,Not Recommended,446020,22966910,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Atheism,"The game seems to have a great idea at first but only 5 minutes later it reveals itself to be a short and buggy mess that is barely playable, this game is nowhere NEAR worth the $12.99 price tag and shouldn't even be sold as it is.Some of the features in the game description do not even exist even though the seller makes it seem like they are."
,Not Recommended,446020,34273263,Posted: 16 August,all,You know what they say,"Not much to say, just really boring."
,Not Recommended,446020,30668483,Posted: 22 March,all,Shares5,"bought this product 4 months ago when they were regularly adding updates, since then there have been 3 updates. one of which is a bug fix that STILL doesn't address the issue of crashing when you hit play, this game is a joke. the bulgaria update came in december and its now march, it shouldn't take 3 months to design the new area.TL;DR: the devs have given up on this game, only buy it if you're happy with 2 hours of content"
76561198288910534,Not Recommended,446020,28658465,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,chevymom3,EVERY TIME I SAVE AND EXIT IT DOES NOT SAVE AND MAKES ME START ALL OVER AGAIN!!!
,Not Recommended,446020,31533195,Posted: 3 May,all,[FaZe] Allstar22882,Not Fun
,Not Recommended,446020,32304125,Posted: 9 June,all,TheSurprise,pretty badly optimized. <10 fps once you select your route ;_;wait for future release
,Not Recommended,446020,23824446,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Johnny,i couldn't even start the tutorial cuz it freezes...
76561198194311483,Recommended,446020,26468550,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,RowJay12 40-23,Love it
,Not Recommended,446020,32562902,Posted: 19 June,all,Иoττelling,help me play this game..mMMmmMm(0/12) people found it unhelpful. WTF kysnOObs
76561198141974435,Not Recommended,446020,34893364,Posted: 11 September,all,ThiccSombra,"Not worth the $15 price tag for what it has so far, hoping i can get a refund on this game."
76561198117245205,Not Recommended,446020,31931791,Posted: 24 May,all,toughmanov,"this is not a game, this is program, simple program."
76561198238313842,Not Recommended,446020,28796622,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,THE TTT NOOB_the_ forgoting_kid,it dus not wark
76561198054786748,Not Recommended,446020,22931040,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Bennieboy29,Meh
,Not Recommended,446020,23637167,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,gopnik,"Extremely boring, not fun at all !"
,Not Recommended,446020,23476459,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,bergerjw jack,this game crashes all the time plz fix this!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198278389026,Not Recommended,446020,23935919,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,jam,"I feel bad for writing this review but I really couldn't enjoy it.First of all, is because it doesn't have controller support with sucks because driving with WASD is awfulSecond, It took me half an hour to get past the tutorial because it kept glitchin where I couldn't pick anything up"
,Not Recommended,446020,26318405,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,"=The Gaming Engine= ""He's Dead""","Ok the game is still♥♥♥♥♥♥poor, I have found a new exploit wich I will not fu#king tell you. Buy with grind out of the way I fell through the ground 5 times, I got lost in the new area wasting 2 hours of my time then I looped back to the begining. I have a 1080 i7 Plenty of ram and sometimes I still experince lag. I quit the game I couldent take anymore, untill the next morning I wouldent quit I                                                               wouldent let the game beat me. So I was at it when I woke up. Untill I fell through the floor after having my engine break for the 8th time. This game has alot of potential but at it's current state you can't actully finish it. I can say this with a level head, I won't play Jalopy untill theres a Collosal bug fix update or it gets somewhat finished. I give it a 4/10 can be good but not at it's current state. I do not reccomend this game right now."
76561198202522281,Not Recommended,446020,23082399,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,williamwc,doyo know how to get jalopy to work because this is rubbish
76561198150795512,Not Recommended,446020,28151939,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Reid,this sucks dont waste your money
,Not Recommended,446020,24435237,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Emma ツ,"Although I have about an hour of game time I've only made it roughly 5 minutes through the game, this is simply because it crashes a hell of a lot - no matter what settings I seem to put it on. The short amount I have played were fun while it lasted, but paying £9.99 for 5 minutes of a game is ridiculous to me. Update - alot of the crashes were fixed with the most recent update, however it still continues to crash fairly frequently. I'm sure with a more expensive computer (£700+) it wouldn't crash as much although I wouldn't personaly count on it not crashing at all. I love the art work of this game and it is enjoyable, fixing your car and customising it but there isnt alot of depth to the game at all, hopefully in the future there will be more characters you can interact with and more ways to earn cash, but for now im just going to keep repeating the game as I find the main concept enjoyable. I would wait about a year before purchasing and playing the game for more content to be added."
,Not Recommended,446020,24023825,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,FabulousShawn,I wouldnt buy it. Only 2 places are available. and millions of customizations is a lie. its buggy. and it gets boring quick. Of course its in early access but still. Its not at worth it in the state its in. Mabye wait 20 years. OH and yea there is only one dev! They are great with community and have great passion but they need more staff. I know its expensive for staff but I only bought the game to support them. Im not playing it any time soon. Also the reveiws dont have any value. Its only people who have played for 3 hours than relized its boring :)
76561198170213946,Not Recommended,446020,29549074,Posted: 28 January,all,amazingjack15,i dont under stand why my ♥♥♥♥ing gaming computer cant play it but my friends windows 7 normal computer can
76561198052279270,Not Recommended,446020,35135217,Posted: 22 September,all,InternetToughguy,"WANT TO DRIVE AROUND A BLAND NON-OPEN WORLD FULL OF NOTHING TO DO WHILE LISTENING TO AWFUL MUSIC AND YOUR PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥ENGINE PUT-PUT WHILE GOING 5 MPH... OF COURSE YOU DON'T WANT TO DO THAT, AVOID THIS GAME, I BOUGHT IT ON SALE BUT NOW I WOULDN'T EVEN PLAY IT IF THEY PAID ME! SO BORING!"
76561198142839630,Not Recommended,446020,23264977,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,ATOMIC_BANANAS,...
76561198138705919,Not Recommended,446020,35433265,Posted: 2 October,all,Trainuy995,gay
76561198312149054,Not Recommended,446020,24502210,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,flightsim845,so bad game i dont likee:(
,Not Recommended,446020,32805301,Posted: 26 June,all,Areofortune,The worse game ive ever played
,Not Recommended,446020,30398123,Posted: 8 March,all,DATS_ GEEKY,its crap!!!
76561198018581339,Not Recommended,446020,35006461,Posted: 16 September,all,Wholemeal Bread,"Drive 2 minsTyres, engine need repair and out of oilRepair kits only have 2 uses becuase a spanner can only be used twiceSlowly walk to next gas station to buy oil and fuel becuase your car drinks fuel like an obese American drinks diet cokeForget what you needed and buy a car full of sausagesCan't use back seat so run out of roomRemember that you forgot oil and fuelRestart game10/10 Would recommend for you self loathing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s"
,Not Recommended,446020,28981270,Posted: 3 January,all,Tighty Whiteys,its not letting me click public bata can some one help me plz
76561198167768690,Not Recommended,446020,22867063,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,waffle of life123,I wasted £10 and i want a ♥♥♥♥ing refund
76561198384182120,Not Recommended,446020,31505207,Posted: 2 May,all,1021092951,dear the developer my game be crash like a hundrend time by a thing called 20 four more number that is random pleas fix it quick
,Not Recommended,446020,23904850,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,DaNGeR GaMeR 🎩🎮,Arabic Language:اللعبة حسبتها مثل لعبة كونا لكن شكلها ماهي مثلها جربتها لمدة ساعة و لا أعجبتني طريقتها الجرافيكس أحسه غبي ! أنا عارف إنها في بداياتها و لكن ما أعجبتني نظامها غريب اللي هو إني أمتر الشوراع ولا أدري ايش المقصد من هذا الشي ف عشان كذا رجعت اللعبة ولا أعتقد إني بأعطيها بال إذا تطورت
,Not Recommended,446020,31117558,Posted: 13 April,all,CSix,"bought it because i got my summer car and thought it was similar. tbh its not my sort of thing, was boring as hell."
,Not Recommended,446020,26478213,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Deranged_Killer,and my ♥♥♥♥ing data got wiped. 10/10 ♥♥♥♥ing game
76561197993632034,Not Recommended,446020,25744113,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Glendinho,♥♥♥♥♥poor
,Not Recommended,446020,31499222,Posted: 1 May,all,Railgun Therapy,The good: Hilariously badThe bad:- Horrible graphics- Clunky controls- Repetitive gameplay
,Recommended,446020,29548602,Posted: 28 January,all,Custom_Character.div,should have VR support
76561197999475418,Recommended,446020,24319256,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,owlinbayern,"This game's not bad. As it is in early access, I cannot possibly stick the boot in. I am liking a lot of the features in the game so far. The graphics are simple yet effective, the controls are as good as any keyboard can deliver (!), and the basic premise of the game is enough to cater to the adventurer in me.There are, inevitably, a few glitches and bugs in the game. I found that both times it crashed out on me, it was because I had paused the game for more than 5 minutes, but irritation this causes is minimal. The game mechanics do require some extra thought. I find it a bind to have to retrieve my wallet from the car every time, carrying three small items or three big items only makes little sense, and I have noticed that the car is incredibly slow sometimes, even when the mainenance has been carried out rigorously and diligently. A set of road tires going out after less than 1000km travelled... It's all stuff that I'm positive will be addressed. As for recommending it, yes. It's not the worst 13 euro you'll ever spend, and there are far more titles less deserving of the money.I hope the dev gets to finish this game. It should be one of those quirky titles that should do well."
76561198046284473,Recommended,446020,25232387,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,That Van Boch™ [sпарта],"Its perfect! Its everything you need when you like advanced car maintenance, Looting, Trading goods that fell off a truck, Exploring, Listen to a radio where theres a special Song about the Laika (So keep that radio on you def. want to hear that its wicked af) and of course you could also do nothing.""Terrific. Must buy. 1/10 IGN"""
76561198242797364,Recommended,446020,25252867,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,HOODEANY,how do you get uncel to stay in the car with you
,Recommended,446020,25122927,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Comcast,Great little game crashes a little but for an early accsess game it's great
,Recommended,446020,25100941,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Oxide206,"I love this game. I've fallen in love with this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ little car while I drive through these ♥♥♥♥♥♥ countries. I don't understand it but this game is just so charming and comfy.This game is in early access so you can hit the end of the road within a few hours but I kept restarting (you can teleport home with your car in its current state and all you lose is your travel progress, not your car or any of your loot in your trunk) and driving some more.It's just so satisfying to pull over to the side of the road, fix a tire and hop back in as the rain starts pouring down. You flip on your lights and wipers and crank the radio (the music is awesome) and its all good.On top of that the developers are great at communicating and telling people that they're on top of addressing bugs and crash issues.10/10 would smuggle booze in my trunk across the border into Czechloslovalkia again."
76561198037479253,Recommended,446020,25121614,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,TechERni,"""This part of game is under construction"" That border ending♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off, I have spent around 2 hrs playing the game and most of the time I replayed it, because of car and money problems. But on the 5th try I have managed to get to the last border crossing. This was just a negative, and I understand that this game is in Alpha.Also the game is really enjoyable, evem in an Alpha. I would love to see more cars available wheel upgrades like different spokes, and the ability to store objects on the back seats would be perfect. Overall happy with the purchase and can't wait for more updates."
,Recommended,446020,25118761,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Blunder Sunder,"Great atmosphere and very satisfying mechanics (game and vehicular).The core of the game feels pretty well rounded - it just needs more countries added to the mix. As of writing this review I have 7 hours in game and I have a fully upgraded car and have reached Hungary (where the furthest town is located at the moment). It's a game I want to spend more time with, but as it stands I kind of feel like I've experienced it all. Even if I never play it again it's not bad value, so that's not a complaint, but I feel it will gain a lot more replayability when the journey is longer and harder, and has a few extra twists introduced."
76561197985930276,Recommended,446020,25124747,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,XEOGEO,"I bought this because I love the idea, and I can see a lot of potential here.  But it ABSOLUTELY NEEDS CONTROLLER SUPPORT!  I'm a pc gamer first and foremost, but WASD is not appropriate for a driving game. Wheel/forcefeedback would be awesome.Not to mention VR.  This game would be awesome on the rift or Vive."
,Recommended,446020,25124759,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,LJ,A very peculiar and loveable game that (with some polish) could turn into something fantastic.
,Recommended,446020,25177837,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,CrashingTiger,"This game is very, VERY early access. The potential is there, but if you want a complete game, this is not it. Lots of crashes and bugs and actual game is not finished.However, it has a great retro feel. The car is well laid out, most of the controls inside the car function. Lots of little details that make me feel this is worth the wait.I'm torn, because it's a great little game, but there's also very little game right now. Thumbs up for now."
,Recommended,446020,25140055,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Lucifer-Isku,To sum up this game all I can say is Cheekie Breki. Onwards to Comunism 10 stallins out of 10
76561198072703473,Recommended,446020,25140791,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,yamakassi85,"Disclaimer: At the game's current state the following review aplies to people with great patience.This is sort of a one-type-car simulator.Buy gas, tools, etc. Fix car, keep it running.Lots of clicking on different things, very detailed acions. Car modifications.Also an adventure.Find better parts, explore things along the route.Graphics are ... cute?Very buggy, sometimes to the point where it is impossible to play. (Hence great patience)Overall, I would like to see more in car actions like turn on left or right blinker at a time, close/ far distance lighting and such."
76561198164542104,Recommended,446020,25193895,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Chevrolet Suburban,"Well, here's my story:I'm in The csfr, 3 flat tires, in a thunder storm, car is spewing black smoke, uncle is oofing every 10 seconds, only $10 in my wallet, car is stuck, somehow glitched into the fence, barely any fuel, used all repair kits, windsheild is busted, covered with mud, no possible escape, can't click anything, map glithced out of the car, completely screwed. 10/10 for the challenge."
,Recommended,446020,25192119,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,icur2smart4me,"Such a good game, you start off with such a crap car, then over time you develope a bond with the car to the point you take better care of it then you do your own vehicle. 10/10Thinks I'd like to see:Turn signalsdashboard indicators (Oil light, battery light, turn signal lights)Car door open ding (Not the pleasent ding we hear today, that annoying buzzer you hear on old cars)SeatbeltsMore descriptions of the routes, I would like to know if I'm driving on a freeway or if it's going to be mostly backroads.When you roll your car, it would be nice to be able to maybe turn your steering wheel to flip over your car.When the car runs out of gas, instead of letting it start then dying when you touch the hand brake, would be nice if the car just didn't turn over, like it would make the turning over sound but that's it."
76561198257485971,Recommended,446020,25134293,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,derpy da great,"ok so to start off i have an older computer and it worked really good on lower graphics but when i got upgrades and went to the gas station and opened my hood it would crash. This is ok with me because i countered it the hard way but what i want to say the most is i turned it on this morning and i had 888 dollars the book was gone and i started playing i thought hey this is good next thing i heard was ""wake up"" and i was already in the car so the car flipped everywhere my screen just died and when i went home it said it again and i dissapeared 10/10"
76561198116101248,Recommended,446020,24880203,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Wing_Cz,"The new updates are poorly translated ČeskoSlovensku.In things at the gas pump, oil is written♥♥♥♥♥♥ Instead, there should be čerpací stanice. Please repair."
76561197996668645,Recommended,446020,22746033,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Lephtovermeet,"*Aug 2016 update*I'm reversing my review to thumbs sideways. I can't help but love the concept even if it's really dull and a bit glitchy. They're clearly still working out the kinks but basically the game is drive car - find abandoned boxes and or cars and scavange, make it to next town, sell, buy, fix car etc. repeat. I mean it's a really neat concept, almost a zen game, so... if you know what you are getting and willing to pay for a greenlight not yet released game... go for it.********Original review deleted as it no longer applies*********"
76561198136723588,Recommended,446020,24741609,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,thodsin22,can not stop the camera frm spinning around on its own
76561198091368358,Recommended,446020,24762759,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,keoghyd,"Really great game, love its style and mechanics. more parts, more stats, more drivable cars, maybe trailors and g27 wheel support please."
,Recommended,446020,22597961,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Evil Dr Foetus,"Edit 3/8/16:The first substantial udpate's out, and Jalopy's starting to feel like a game, most of the more annoying bugs are out for now, and there's a bit more content.It's at the point where I'm happy to dip in for a quick run every now and again, and check in every so often, like most EA material.If that's the kind of early access you're comfortable with, then go for it. Those waiting for something more polished might want to hold fire for a little longer.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------/* It says no, but please read */So this hasn't long hit EA, and at this point software comes in all shapes and sizes.Right now it's a solid, enjoyable proof of concept, but short, broken and buggy (with some issues either designed for effect or for v1.0 fixes, going by the log).Game balance, unsurprisingly, is nonexistent at this stage, but in a way a bonus as the cash ""exploits"" allow you to see more of the game in terms of upgrades.I don't envy the dev(s); you need to get something out the door to start bringing in project funds, but too early and it can leave a bad impression. Jalopy sadly errs towards the latter.It's a glorified tech demo, but still fun for a while. If you approach early EA titles as something to try, leave for a patch or two and come back to, in short bursts, then it's definately worth a look, if you expect something a bit closer to a finished product, then move along.Just hit ""follow"" first, this definately has potential."
,Recommended,446020,24943625,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Sp33dy bear,i got it form the start and its not my most played game but a great great bata
76561198013898901,Recommended,446020,22769322,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,PMP_ViOLeNcE,"I'm not much for writing reviews but this is an excellent game.  A little short right now... actually a lot short right now but if the map gets opened up and properly optimized it's gonna be great.  As with most early access games I recommend waiting to buy it till further into development but, if you have an itch to check it out, you wont be disappointed.Did I mention your Uncle's jacket.  Probably the best thing that happended to gaming since the original Mario Brothers.  The jacket haunts me at night.  So, stylish.  So, sexy.  A lot of people talk, think, buy dolce & gabbana, versace... all that garbage.  Uncle's jacket is all I want.  I'd rub that always moving piece of beauty all over my body.  Just typing about it makes me want to play and stare at it.  What a mind melting thing.Well thats my review.  If you don't like remember your Dad never loved you and move on."
76561198135021147,Recommended,446020,22769768,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Zirul,I love this game and the concept behind it. Uncle sometimes falls through the world and passes on to hell but its quite alright; as long as your car starts as he falls into oblivion. Right now I cant pass the 2nd city but I still love the game. expect 2.5 playable hours
76561198206057085,Recommended,446020,22771942,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,PANDEM!C | csgogem.com,"I haven't played for a while, but so far it's a very fun detailed game. There are a few glitches, but what game doesn't have glitches. I would rate this game 7/10 in it's current state. And once it reaches it's full potential, I will most likely rate it 9/10."
76561198232899144,Recommended,446020,22753856,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Wana Hug?,i realy like the game and i like the up grades that you can add to your car and i hop you add more to the game as well
76561198036587688,Recommended,446020,22764010,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,erik.tormod,"Its a greate game idea and Ive hade alot o fun playing this, but in this stage, it should have been a tech demo. they are releasing patches quite freqently to resolve bugs and adding content, but there are to many bugs. There are also only 2 cities available on the journey at the moment, as i stated earlier feels more like a demo than a full game.It really has potential and im looking forward for the final product"
,Recommended,446020,22848618,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,AJ| SNIPER HAWK,great geme love it but the roof rack clears its inventory every time you log off and when you buy fluid containes for the washer fluid it does not work it does'nt appear outside
,Recommended,446020,22654172,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Sad Owl,Very fun game!It can be a little buggy at times but its still very fun.You should buy it!
,Recommended,446020,22655224,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Yung Letdown,"For a really bare bones game at it's current state (it's pre-alpha, not a lot is going on), this game is probably the most fun i've had this year in terms of new games. There's just something about it that's so charasmatic and keeps drawing me back. As for the graphics, some are saying they aren't at all good, but I think it fits the game perfectly, a bit of cartoony and a hint of gloomy reality, and for being developed by a small team(?), it's very impressive. By far one of the most origional games of the past year, and I look forward to further updates and improvements from the devs! This game has a lot of potential, and I think it's worth picking up if you want to try something a little different :)"
,Recommended,446020,22646777,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,TwitchTv/ProductNV,Very cool game so far for a pre alpha. I see a lot of potential hopefully they dont faulter and keep going on this way. The idea is cool and fun. A couple of game restarting glitches but what can you expect.
,Recommended,446020,22639269,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,ray,"It's glitchy and a little odd but it's pre-alpha, I didn't like the tutorial or the talky uncle ornpc drivers that just repearedly bang into you even if you pull up and flash hazards... BUT! The game has potential. I'll definitely try it again, later."
76561198108038959,Recommended,446020,22670054,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,CJ,awsome 1000000000000/1 i will try top rate higher if a Co - op feature is added
,Not Recommended,446020,22670543,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,now. here. -,"Good game, but doenst let me save so every time I open it i have to restart."
76561198001709637,Recommended,446020,22681344,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Hoest,I somehow have 5.4 hours played even though it crashes so much I still love this game hope they keep it up
,Not Recommended,446020,22683157,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,MigNasty,I really love the format and the art style but I wish it wasn't so buggy and require dumb luck to succeed. OverallI love the game but it just needs a little more coding.
,Recommended,446020,22669030,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Arekan,"There's many bugs for this game and things that definitely make it obvious that it's in 'Early Access,' but I can tell you now that even in it's current state I feel like it's playable. I really hope the developers continue to make it more solid and bug-free, though, and I can't wait to see what else will come out for the game."
,Recommended,446020,22666421,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Kenny11265,Really neat concept. Love the atmosphereic feeling when your driving through gloomy rain. Can't wait for future updates and expansions. 10/10 in my book.
,Recommended,446020,22665969,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Baron von Pain,"This game is fantastic.  I love it.I would consider this to be a survival game, but instead of dealing with the usual human issues you deal with car issues.  There is also a fairly deep human element to it that I think is more accessible than most games because the focus is on maintaining that broken vehicle so you can get to the next border.  It feels like The Long Dark in a lot of ways.  You rarely feel like things are really going your way, and the struggle to keep moving forward feels very real.  If your car breaks down in the middle of nowhere, that's just where your car is.  You'll need to leave it behind and go find parts, gas or whatever.  And don't forget to bring your wallet.  Leave it in the car, and you're walking back to get it before you purchase anything.I have ran out of gas in the middle of the night on a muddy road in the rain, and had to walk to find a gas station.  I've had to remove parts and run on less of an engine than I would expect I could, but still not very well.  I've been stuck on a highway with other cars flying by, honking and occasionally striking my car.  Every moment I enjoyed.There are some bugs, but they have been fixed at a good pace and the game seems to be developing nicely.  Outside of general fixes that it seems will obviously be corrected, there are only two things I would add or change about Jalopy.  I kind of wish you could travel alone, and adding VR support would make it great.  Even without those features, however, I think this will be a really good one."
,Recommended,446020,22657338,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Initial Dank,"Great game, super fun exept for some bugs."
,Not Recommended,446020,22663698,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Garlic,"I just bought the game and tried it out. Even at the lowest settings, Jalopy crashes the game when trying to load the Tutorial and a New Game. I have never played this game before.I'm not sure i would recommend this game since there is no Maybe Option"
76561198028425810,Recommended,446020,22658057,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Locke900,"This game is very different but it such a good way. It's a rogue-like, road-trip, driving/mechanic simulator. With an Uncle with a reality breaking acid trip of a jacket.You have to keep your POS Jalopy Laika 601 in working condition. Driving on a road trip (not finished yet it is alpha) with your Uncle. Dealing with border guards that remind me of Papers Please. Choosing a route to drive sometimes the lesser of very bad options. Which leads you to......Driving through the country side with a broken water tank for my wipers and every turn causing more mud on my windscreen, while I have a trunk full of contraband (I opened it later) in locked crates. I manage to get out of the forest onto the main road the town in site in the distance. I hit the roundabout just outta town and all of the sudden lose control of my car as I drive onto the roundabout hill. Out of gas. I grab my empty fuel can outta the trunk (used it in that dam forest road earlier) and walk into town with my wallet. Get to the store grab a full can and a crowbar I find and head back. Stash the crowbar wait for the border just in case those crates are sealed. Drive the car into town get the window washer fluid, and crash at the motel. Next morning get across the border, and open up those crates at a gas station. Full of booze sell for a profit. Uncle doesn't mind bootlegging I guess.Great game lots of potentional. Friend watched as I played and said. Dude this with Zombies. Car breaks down you gotta walk in the rain to gas station for fuel then avoid or have to kill zombies on the way back.All in all inventive game."
,Recommended,446020,26610605,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,spigot,"BeforeI even bought Jalopy, my friend showed me the music and some gameplay. Instantly fell in love, downloaded all the radio songs from YouTube and burned them on a disc.Needless to say, I listen to Jalopy radioeverytime I go to work.10/10Also:Fix start up game crash by putting ""-forceopengl"" in launch options of the game in your steam library for Jalopy. This will open a small steam window every time you launch the game and will have three options:1. Play Jalopy2. Play Jalopy [OpenGL (for lower graphics)]3. Play Jalopy [DirectX 11 (for higher graphics)]Choose DirectX option because it is the latest graphics platform."
,Recommended,446020,26612169,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,itawtitawapudytat,"What can I say about this game?  It's... interesting.  I've experienced the feeling of nursing a failing car hundreds of miles in real life, so this really reminds me of that kind of feeling.. and a bit of that kind of accomplishment.  There's a few other mechanics to the game that you kind of need to figure out for yourself, but all in all it seems pretty good.There are bugs.  There are also some really annoying parts.One example of a bug:  ""Oh, I'll just walk this spare part over to the store to sell it.  *hands through counter* okay now pay me....♥♥♥♥♥♥ forgot my wallet.  Oh and you locked the gate.  I can't leave to get the wallet. *reset leg of journey*""Annoying parts...  Driving around a town trying to find the hotel.  And realizing you accidentally spent all your spare cash and don't have enough for a room.  *reset leg of journey*The number of times I've ended up repeating part of my trip...  Gamebreaking bugs/decisions in a game like this are really frustrating, considering how much time it takes to get back.I reccomend it, but it really needs a few polishes to make it a bit less 'haha you didn't read the game designer's mind, time to repeat the past 45 minutes of gameplay'"
,Recommended,446020,26610621,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,mcdiddles69,had to sell air filter on car to get motel room for night. then stole newspaper from motel and sold it to buy gallon of gasoline.is very good10/10
76561198084811245,Recommended,446020,26508290,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Dr.Whales,"One of my most favorite exploration games right now, even at its current limitations. Although very buggy (which is to be expected of an early access game), can provide hours of fun and entertainment that will keep you coming back for more. Further so on the upcoming updates!~"
,Recommended,446020,26512694,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,spageti boy,"Very fun, very relaxing car trip simulator. Here has been my experience with the game, the pros and cons, and my suggestions for futher improvement.EXPERIENCE: 7.5/10 (So far)The game feels very fluent, when I listen to my own music or the radio in the car I kinda just fall asleep. Very mellow, very relaxing and It truly flows like it does in my own ♥♥♥♥♥♥ car. It's a trip that is not meant to be perfect but a trip of adventure and conflict. I beat the game twice, (In such a short time span as well. 6-7 hours, add more levels!) but throughout each trip I had so many break downs, crashes, broken parts and flat tires slow me down. It wasn't a hassle so much as it was a game of ""What now?"". Makes you think on your feet and really decide whats best for the moment. Overall, very mellow and somewhat challanging.PROS:-Love the design (But desperately needs improvement. The simplistic design is smart but it needs more detail, more objects to look at. Blank, grassy meadows 24/7 is VERY, VEERRY boring. Add snow, heavy winds, very rare occurances of possible weather attacks! (Tornados!).-The car feels like home. (After getting used to the clunky piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ you sorta start liking it. You know how it works, you know which parts break down and know when to take care of them. Feels like a best friend. I hope they also add more car customizations.)-The music is fantastic (Fits the theme, really wonderful and fun music.)-Uncle does a pretty decent job at explaining things, but he also does a good job of not explaining everything (Thank you for letting the exploration and problem solving skills come into play here. I love the fact that we werent delivered 100% everything.)-The customization feels impactful (Most games I play with upgrading perks or system boosts generally don't seem or feel different. Maybe a stat boost but thats it. This game has very clear upgrade points and the best part is, THERE IS NO BEST PART. There are good layouts, solid builds but no max level items. Very important for problem solving and again, back with the ""Whats most important right now?"" mindset.CONS:-The levels look really boring. (So plain, so little detail. I love the simplistic side of it but it needs things like animals, rocks, tiny villages, rivers, THINGS to see!)-The controls are pretty wonky at times (They are being improved but sometimes when I try to honk my horn, I hit my steering wheel instead and stop my car in mid traffic. Ouch.)-Once you max your car out, you kinda are left challangeless... (Not completely true but with my car nearly maxed out, I haven't had a single drop of sweat slide down my forehead. Scaling of conflict should be implimented, also bad drivers should come into play to keep us aware on the road.)-You kinda just...only drive. (No other objectives but to drive. I get it, thats the games main point but...I would like seeing side missions or deliveries or some money or even helping someone on the side of the road and getting a reward. Needs some sort of variation of purpose.)-No other place to drive once you've picked your route. (There are side streets, off paths, dirt roads but if you follow them they're blocked off! What gives! I want more variatable choices to travel with. What if traffic is terrible? A dirt road around leading to my destination would be lovely.)OVERALL FOR P/C's: 5/10 (Has issues, pretty big ones for replayability but its very promising so far).SUGGESTIONS:-Add other cars to start with. (Maybe a car with crappy wheels but a very solid engine/gas tank. Or even a car that has no trunk but more space in the front of the car to fit more parts! Lots of possibilities.)-Add more problems for us to run into. Maybe a deer runs onto the road, maybe you accidentally hit someone and they get out to fight you, maybe you crashed your car and broke your engine. There needs to be more disasters! I want to be challanged!)-Improve possible details (Rocks, road signs, wildlife, potholes, construction zones, ADD STUFF TO LOOK AT! Everything looks the same!)-Make the text easier on the eyes (I don't know if its just me but the in store text or prices on products look really weird and clunky. It's such a strange shade of black or font that It just kinda hurts to read. Make it more spread out and gentle)-Add traffic jams and optional side missions with possible rewards( Just nice little things that could turn either ugly or pretty depending on how the player chooses)OVERALL: 7.5/10. Very promising, very interesting and relaxing but it lacks in detail, content and right now...true replayability. I highly reccomend the game but I would say lay off till its finished if you want a game to stick on for a little while. Its a one hit wonder, which should not be the case for this kind of game. Should be a magical experience every time you put in the key and drive."
,Recommended,446020,26513928,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,BluShine,"Fun little driving game. Like Euro Truck Sim, except you have to manually fix your own car, manage your storage space, etc. Also has economic elements as you try to buy low and sell high enough to keep your car running.Very buggy in its current state, though. Be prepared to have items occasionally disappear, crashes, etc."
76561198078297191,Recommended,446020,26513022,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,MaskedCriminal5,"i love this game so much! theres so much you have to think ahead for and i already cant get enough of it, i extremely hope the develepers never abandon this game and i look forward to every update, i can't wait to see what this game will be like when it's finished!"
76561197984367686,Recommended,446020,26485332,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,🥞,"In its early access form, a quirky little game worth your evening. I ran into game breaking bugs but the game was still worth my time."
,Recommended,446020,26541671,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Cranking Gaming,"Just started playing it again! I love the Yugoslavia Update! Truly Awesome! Would recommend to anybody likes building, fixing, managing, and driving an old rundown Laika 601!"
76561198027846955,Recommended,446020,26428796,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Jimbobaloo31,"Fun little game. Buggy at times, but enjoyable.Looking forward to further improvements and additions."
76561198148372501,Recommended,446020,26360235,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,noonesmith,In jalopy you get a peace of scrap car and are tasked to go from Berlin to who knows where whal dealing with your rolling junk breaking down and also getting road rage from the other drivers honking their asses of but that does not make the game any less amazing.
76561198074679213,Recommended,446020,26419589,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,The Mighty Wizard DumbleDock,BEST INDIE GAME I EVER PLAYED
76561198087846188,Recommended,446020,26328500,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Sap,"Jalopy is alot of fun, but I keep running into this bug where the car will stop because something is broken under the hood. I fix the thing broken under the hood, start the car, go to disengage the parking brake and the car shuts off and the parking brake is still engadged. Besides this the game is really fun! :)"
76561198048386169,Recommended,446020,26307227,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Road Warrior,Great little game that lets you drive and maintain a not so road-worthy piece of junk while exploring the scenery.
,Recommended,446020,26621249,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Narf2029,"A relaxing driving game with basic maintenance mechanics. It's still closer to the early side of Early Access but the developer works hard and is attentive. It's fun to fire up for an hour or two and just drive, and there's a real sense of relief and satisfaction when that crate turns out to have expensive booze in it, or that wreck has a great engine part that would have cost you a couple hundred bucks, or even just a new tire to replace that one that's about to pop. Worth every penny even this early in development and continues to get better."
76561198224317300,Recommended,446020,22645418,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Кама Дженсен,"Сool game, advise"
,Recommended,446020,26568865,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Dad,"Wunderbar! It's a great little game. It's so simple, but so enjoyable, and you can play it for weeks. Even at this stage in development, I seriously recommend that you buy this game."
,Recommended,446020,26605217,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Bela,The grandpa doesn't stay in my car what do I do? :'(
,Recommended,446020,26607423,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Freemau,"Everything this game has to offer of the bat is great, it fun, relaxing, theres no dead line to anything you have to do and something i love very much is the back tracking. i and just because i wanted to tried walking all the way back to the start from the mud field part and even tho it took me a few hours and many time i kept wishing i could jump over the medium or move a bit faster i was still pleased to find that it was something i could. The other thing i really like is that i can find random boxes and sell the content but i do with that i could close the box after checking whats inside.So all in all it a good game, all i really think it needs is, starting with more money, jumping and running, locks and tape (to close boxes that you open) and maybe using the pasenger seat to put stuff (like a box would be good) as you never have anyone in the car with you.As for the one thing that i have a problem with the game is that randomy the pertol stations will be closed when i come back after saving and exiting and if i save and exit the game when not in my car and i have stuff im holding then that stuff i was holding wont be in my car and im guesing will be where i last was when i saved and exited so maybe also adding that when you save and exit you start back where you last wore and not in the last bed you slept in"
76561198108519326,Recommended,446020,26686811,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,ɐɔɔnʎ,If you have the desire to enjoy games in the quite beautiful (what I call) Sub-genre of road trip games. They are far and few between but all are amazing in their relaxation. Its a nice change of pace after gunning down thousands of soliders to just drive down a long highway with the radio blasting. I think this game has the potential to be AMAZING but it just needs to be longer. I think there could also be other cars you unlock after you complete the road trip to add more replayability. The new features are great and bug fixes are essential but the thing that gets me excited is when they add a new country to travel to. If they add those things this game can be one of my favorites and even in the state its in now is I think its great but not amazing and far from complete. Keep on working developers! I think you guys got alot of potential. Thanks for reading my dumb opinion (theres not much of it) and I hope you have a great day.
,Recommended,446020,24038876,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Vyaeso Silver,Very fun game with good replayability at a cheap price.
76561198150456968,Recommended,446020,23976033,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Strait White Male,"verry fun, cant wait for update."
,Recommended,446020,23971021,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,MadJack,"My ThoughtsSo already I do feel like this game does has some promise to come. But just by playing the most of game already,  you can only travel to two towns, it's still interesting to the see the enviroment and be with your annoying uncle who will tell you random stuff while you're trying to drive. The game is based around the year 1990 in June and seems like you are in Hungary and are just traveling through borders.Graphics: 6/10Story: 8/10Mechanics: 6/10Frame Rate Stabilty: 10/10Price: 6/10You also get to learn about the cars parts and also how you can improve it as well. I am looking forward to the full game as more content get's put out in the early access. But I do think the price is a little high but worth it at the same time.GET IT!!"
76561198014634928,Recommended,446020,23973397,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,P. Rex,Extremely delightful.
,Recommended,446020,23982169,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Mindmelter,"Struggling for moneytirelessly scrounging for money just to get bytraveling endlessly in search for a better homegrandpa wont shut the ♥♥♥♥ up10/10 great experiencefor real tho this game is great already in its unfinished stateits very simple and the environment is soothing, it calms mealso at the time of this review the game seems to be updated pretty regularly"
76561198237646804,Recommended,446020,23830731,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,stegski,I like this game a lot and I can't wait to see it finished.
76561198188578706,Recommended,446020,25580565,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,sniping pyro heavy,I love this game I try to sell all of my stuff and my wollet is full I got it up to 9999 and I save this up
,Recommended,446020,25568256,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,bacon man,Would recommend great game...NOTE: Still early access
,Recommended,446020,25703480,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Uncle Murphy,"It's very fun, even if you can figure out how to get 40000 marks, its still challenging, also, as a quick heads up, stock up on as much crud as you can get in Dresden. Only issue I see is that occasionally, my car flips upside down, and it's frustrating, can you fix that please, and a figure out a way so that the engine doesn't wear out as much. Overall, a fantastic game, lots of potential."
,Recommended,446020,25411915,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,SativaEwan,"This game is awesome.Despite the fact that it crashes (a lot) for me, (I put this down to the low spec of my machine, Phenom 9850, 2.5 quad core, 6GB, R7 260), it is still HUGELY enjoyable and really worth the input of time. I love the Trabi 601 anyway and having one I can tinker with a drive across the eastern bloc absolutely sold me on this game before I even bought it.10/10, absolutely 100% recommended."
,Recommended,446020,25402786,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Preußens Gloria,"Outstanding Game! The atmosphere really captures the era and has LOADS of potential. The sole developer of this game is making constantly updating the game. Admittedly it does really need more content and some people have issues with running the game, but I've haven't had an issue with either of these things. Just want to contribte to the positive reviews so this gets more attention and support. I really love where this is going!"
76561198147465710,Recommended,446020,25408373,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,DuffT_Sebastian,"This game.THIS game is way too great.I buyed it discounted for 8$ because the trailers seemed worth it to try it out.Now its my favorite game of all time.Build together with your uncle a old Laika (Trabant) 601 Deluxe and drive to uncles home,in Turkey.Thats the concept.This is realistic driving,including running out of fuel,parts go damaged while driving,wheels run out of stability and also can break.This also contains the best music i ever heard;Lange Reise,Meinen LaikaI recommend it very much."
,Recommended,446020,26177094,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Poppy S. Muffin,"It's a fairly simple game about maintaining upkeep on your car in Post-Soviet Germany, and your possible adventures in rummaging and scrounging for valuables on the sides of the road.In the beginning, you build your own Laika from scrap and stock parts. In no time at all, you've got a fully functioning and driveable car!Once you begin to reach the endgame of riches, there are many ways to cosmetically and practically upgrade your Laika to be the best of the best on the market!I've easily dumped at least $2,000 into a car that I built for free, and every single cent of that was earned by scavenging discarded goods on the sides of the road.If you don't have time to kill, don't like simple games, or don't have a particular fondness towards the Euro states, then this isn't the game for you. If you like Euro Truck Simulator, then this is the game for you!"
76561198162729991,Recommended,446020,24815134,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Olisch777,good game and worth the money but PLEASE fix the Tip Over Bug
76561198333242086,Recommended,446020,26731566,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,RAINMAKER,Great
,Recommended,446020,26704591,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Julian Osbourne,Very atmospheric game! I'm definitely excited to see what the future holds for Jalopy!
,Recommended,446020,26095784,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Moist Towelette,"great game that is in development, it is $12 so it is worth buying it to check it out.http://minskworks.tumblr.com/this is where the dev posts weekly updates. Cant wait to see the game finished.  Almost at 30,000kms on the clock, cant wait to get to 999,999!"
,Recommended,446020,26392123,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,chewychompy,"I like it.  I drive between places, pickup road wine/cigs/sausage and loot burnt out vehicles.  It's like Chav Simulator 2016"
,Recommended,446020,27210281,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,THE SLAYER,Two stroke road side thief simulator 201611/10 would break down againGame of the year - two stroke enthusiast
76561198019722562,Recommended,446020,27082080,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TheEroticDuck,"You drive the classic east-german car, the Trabant, through the former Soviet States just after the end of the cold war. Oh, and the car is mess, which has to be serviced every few miles so it wont break down. What's not to love?"
,Recommended,446020,27195393,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,raith017,"For a game that's just ""drive from point 'A' to point 'B' "" it's very easy to play for hours."
76561197979611742,Recommended,446020,27385739,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,thekiltedcanuck,"Classic Top Gear Cheap Car Challenge: The GameDrive your classic beater accross Europe, keeping it alive, swapping parts, and taking in the sights. You really grow to love your little car."
,Recommended,446020,26974362,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,JustBeWho,No words can describe how much I enjoy this game. It keeps getting better and better with every patch. I could run down a bunch of specific reasons but other reviews have already done that.Just take my advice and give it a try. I know you wont be dissapointed.
,Recommended,446020,26993231,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,jeffchum,Great game. can't wait to see what's it going to be in the future
,Recommended,446020,27012518,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ronnie Cordova,"As stressful as micro managing your car and your income can be, this game can be so relaxing when it's just you out on the open road, equipped with only your thoughts, the purr of you're 2-stroke engine, and the random trinkets you've ""acquired"" from the side of the road.PROS:-Simple to understand-Challenging enough to keep you engaged without overwhelming you-Pretty low poly environments-Great concept-ReplayabilityCONS:-Game occasionally suffers from issues both graphical and technical-Sound is lacking in variety-Some areas seem unfinished and side paths could use some more entertainment value/reward for detouringWith it being a work in progress I understand that they still can improve on the formula. Even at the games current state it is still playable and very enjoyable."
,Recommended,446020,27010348,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,unfoldinggolem,"The Most Communist Simulator out there, Of course only when it works. The game might run poorly, and their customer support works extreamly hard, One day the game wouldnt start, so I Emailed them, and after a short conversation with them the problem was fixed.Great game but expect problems, remember its early access."
,Recommended,446020,26926677,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TheMiningMinor,"10/10 would run out of fuel on the highway, walk for 15 minutes to a petrol pump, only to realise I forgot my wallet again"
,Recommended,446020,26881681,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nomaxice,"Wonderful game, simple, straightforward, and oriented toward those who love driving, and not just a race game.You get to build your very one car, upgrading it, getting attached to it, learning what it likes and what it diesn't, trying out builds, refining it's look.Enjoy hours of driving through wonderful landscapes, as you crank the volume on the radio up and open the window, hope the bad smoke won't come just yet, trying to reach the gas station to get a new repair kit after using the last you had.Its concept is very simple, and the game feels very simple at a first glance, yet, a simple thing can make your trip a nightmare.Forgot to fuel up and don't have a fuel can on a 420km long trip without gas station? Better hope you'll make it there or maybe are lucky enough to find an abandonned laika with a spare reservoir.Not enough money for the motel? Gotta sell some spare stuff, hoping you can get enough to pass the night and will find abandonned stuff on the road.On the downsides, that game still being early access, a few bugs and crashes are to be expected, but nothing that cannot be fixed with a little removal of the v-sync or setting the traffic AI lower.Main issue with the ""tutoriel"", while very well done, nothing tells you about how to gain money, gotta find out by yourself what to do, but it's no biggie.I spend hours on that game, as short as the full trip still is, as it's missing part of the cities to go to, the randomness and different weathers and lengh of travel you get everytime makes it so I still discover new elements as I try new roads even now.This game clearly is for those who love idle exploration and find driving relaxing, but for its price, I think it's well worth it, and can only get better with time, as it's often updated."
76561198203650703,Recommended,446020,26754699,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,jeffytheweirdone,day 1:UNCLE PLZ SHUT UP!!!day 2;well at least i made it to the motelday 3;i find the best CAR PARTS EVER ON THE SIDE OF THE ROADday 4;i just play it with my friend...day 5;im bored...now for the ratingcharactors 10/10script 10/10controls10/10overall game 30/30
76561198081953486,Recommended,446020,26688125,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,gaminghammer,i have played this game quite a bit in my eyes. i have gotten to the yugoslavian border. this game has its own art style which i quite like. i do have a lower end pc with a 3.3 ghz processor and 6 gbs of ram and a gtx 950 strix. this allows me to play this game at a smooth 40 fps on fanstatic. i do have some problems sometimes but nothing major. they keep updating this game and fixing bugs and adding new things. my only problem is that if you save and quit and go back into this game it puts you back at the last motel that you slept in. but over all this game is really good. tip look out for crates and scrapyards and old broken down cars. they can contain things that can upgrade your car and you can sell them for cash!!! good luck!
,Recommended,446020,26713711,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,TD04 Series Turbocharger,I love playing this game and want to play it further but unfortunately as soon as i am given the map the game crashes and i have to redo the tutorial all over again. please fix this. i really want to play further
76561198121908904,Recommended,446020,26519102,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Lama-X,"Good game, a bit glitchy, slow start, but you get used to it. Money making is not that hard, once you get a grip to it and know where to look and what to sell. Car upgrades (others than engine) are meaningfull, like increased storage, more ligts etc. It clearly needs a lot of work to be fully releasable, but for discount price it's a game, that is fun for a few hours. Devs are adding content, one at a time, weather in game does have effect, the part condition have effect, everything in your car have effect on ride. For me, there is lack of achievements, but that's not something I can't go over. Messy review, but overall 8/10 needs more content"
76561198147669203,Recommended,446020,27749123,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Spky,"great game, very fun and relaxing, i cant wait for future updates!!"
,Recommended,446020,27785613,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,DASSABESSO,Awesome and creative game. Get when on sale.
,Recommended,446020,27756225,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,StarKllr,"I absolutely love this game! If you want to take a break from fast-paced games, and just drive along the countryside, then this is the game for you. I would highly recommend this game to anyone that loves driving games."
,Recommended,446020,27640814,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Norbus,This is one of the most promising games that I have played. Consistant updates to continually improve this game.
,Recommended,446020,27721785,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,[2ndGA(Co.G)] Galloway,"This game is great, let me tell you. The developers have seemed to take an idea others had already and expanded it in a way that no other has thought. The atmosphere and art style combined with the soundtrack can give you a feel that can't be replicated. However the game still has a long way to go in terms of development. So for the time I'm leaving the game with a 9/10."
,Recommended,446020,27381017,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,WXdestroyer,"I found beer and cigarettes on the side of the road which payed for a new car battery.Gas runs out too quickly, though.9/10"
,Recommended,446020,26665765,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Bobcat,"I could ot stop playing this game untill i ran out of stuff to do in it and I still want to play more, the only problem that i have with this game is that once you get the best car parts and you explore the world as much as you can there is nothing to do."
76561198150697128,Recommended,446020,26705562,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,cpoe_nasty,This game is great ands relaxing. I dont know what it is about it that just keeps me hooked
,Recommended,446020,26979361,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Wally West,Filled with bugs but has the potential to be a really interesting indie game.
,Recommended,446020,26637303,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,ᑕᗅᑕ,"Really love this game. The concept is so unique and interesting. It may be a short journey at the moment, but there's a lot of potential in this game. It's only early access, after all. It'll be very exciting to see all the places you can go and things you can do when this game is done. Hopefully we'll be able to open some of those locked doors as well. Keep it up!"
,Recommended,446020,26667405,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,savage shiba inu BETS.gg,> 0.1% Fuel> Gas station 500 meters away>Car stops>Walks to gas station and forgets gas container>Quits game10/10 wouldn't rate more again
,Recommended,446020,26675531,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,dirt-eater greg,"The store page really outlines this game well, if you feel like you may enjoy it based on what is provided here, you will.Exellent atmospheric feel, a nice amount of replayability and very compelling art style. The possibilities for this game are very inticing and I feel I will be upping my hours considerably. One of (if not the one) of my favourite indie titles with a dedicated developer that doesn't shy away from the problems in the game that users address. These factors combined are already enough for my money, and with the added bonus of future updates (like the Yugoslavia update, which was very good on its own.)Overall a incredibly /comfy/ game that will probably get you playing for a decent while, worth the full price to support a dev that actually seems to care about the product and not just the income it could generate.8.5/10(will update this with each update)"
,Recommended,446020,26843238,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,nbob1,very cary much wow needs more optimising 7/10
76561198140302349,Recommended,446020,26835527,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,slaveofmycat,"This game is so relaxing. I love that it's just travel, no other motivation. don't have to worry about when you get there but just enjoying the ride"
,Recommended,446020,26740680,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,theCroissant,Overall fun game it teaches you (a little) about cars and stuff. A bit boring to drive around but tuning the radio helps. I'd give this a solid 7/10 I liked it.
,Recommended,446020,27007169,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,nyn,Really nice and cozy game.
76561198009238747,Recommended,446020,27026873,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jasper,"Fun game, get more intresting with each update"
,Recommended,446020,24248725,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Responsible Menace,This game is awesome!
76561198055670459,Recommended,446020,26860215,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ender,Best game Ive played all year cant wait for the next area to unlock
,Recommended,446020,27968641,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,-dead-,"This game is charming, and a bit mad, but charming. It's a quirky, pointless story, such as any proper road trip should be, with a bunch of crisis management trying to keep an dreadful, yet weirdly lovely, old car alive. Did I mention this game was charming yet?On top of that, rather like Hunter S Thompson's book ""Fear and Loathing on the Campaign Trail"", it has an odd contradictory feel of being “the least factual, most accurate account” of the Eastern Bloc back at the end of communism. The atmosphere is totally surreal yet somehow right and oddly familiar."
,Recommended,446020,28050507,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Inferno Raven,"This game is for people who love driving and escaping into their mind. You get a connection to your bomb of a car and travel East creating stories as you venture. It has some rougelike elements where you can find abandoned luggage or parts to improve your car which makes every leg of the game enjoyable. The maintanence and fueling of the car is great as you need to take car of it so it can get you to the next town. I really enjoyed the story and immersion that came out of breaking down on a mountain pass in a storm, having to walk miles in the rain to the petrol station so fuel up my jerry can and then limp my car back just so I could sell all the loot I found on that trip.It's a game I've wanted to make and its certainly scratched the itch. The developer is doing a fantastic job with fixing issues and releasing more content and features on a regular basis that Im very glad I bought this game. Absolutely having a blast."
,Recommended,446020,28056490,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,RSTSN,"Weird but fun. Relaxing yet challenging. Got this while I'm waiting for My Summer Car to go on sale. Really, really surprised how much I have enjoyed it so far."
,Recommended,446020,28003697,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Del Griffith,Trekked halfway across Czechoslovakia in the dark to get fuel.Reaslised that I left my wallet in my car.*Internal Screaming*
,Recommended,446020,27941341,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Lo Pan's Coke Nails,"what if papers, please was about cruising with your weird uncle in a whip named after a dead dog"
69696969669969696,Recommended,446020,22649849,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,♠ IV SE Ręvēł,I liked this game but i got boring very fast and very frequent crashes i got to the border then i came across house i have so much money and loot then crash i threw my mouse across the room and went furiouse 6/10 RecomendedPs. Might buy again when its out of early acsess or mayby when its on a sale (the other 60% good 40% bad)Good work devs loved it till it crashed >:0Thank you i have decided to return to jalopy guys this is amazing that you Rell Big Kris for fixing and making the game better faster and stronger thanks enjoy your £10
,Recommended,446020,26497734,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,SoilingStone115,"Fantastic game! Just what I've been looking for! I can't wait for more content and larger areas to be opened up. Like someone else has written it would be nice if some of the gas stations and motel and such looked different, or even different attendees would be nice. Can't wait to see what you guys add in here.*Update: Unfortunantly for some odd reason after i upgrade the Car with the roof rack, tool rack, etc. whenever the windows crack or break it lags the game uncontrolably. You can't even look out the windshield. Otherwise it's still fun.*Update update: Another unfortunantly (but the previous one was fixed) I can open the game.... If it opens regularly it just loops. But if i open it with direct x 10 or 11 it says it cannot locate it."
76561197988540060,Recommended,446020,28322596,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,[MRA]GrayLobo,Genuwently a fun little game for 13 bucks. I can't wait to play the finished product but even in it's current stait it is a fantastic game. like my summer car only not as harcore and self shadded. Love you're soot Uncle!
76561198015562192,Recommended,446020,28348421,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Jeffrey,"As far as I've played this game, it's good enough to recommend it.What you can do is enough and offers enough fun and plenty of new things to discover.I have not encountered bugs for now, so it works for me just fine.If you like it to explore, driving a car, keep your car maintained and to discover new things.Then this game is definitely recommended for you.The game is also well worth paying for its price.Please be aware that this game is in Early Access so there may be some bugs."
76561198163261811,Recommended,446020,24551739,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Stena Britannica,"It is a AWSOME game, and I what I like about it is the CAR you drive, a 1963 Trabant 601 DeLuxe. The car itself is VERY outdated, but it is GREAT fun to drive and the speed is absolutley good, for a 25bhp car. and, please add MORE cars in the game to drive. The car you drive does break down A LOT, but that is how it was in Trabants. And just look at this little thing!! It's so CUTE, but it is weak, and the trunk is tiny. It produces 25 brake horsepower, and that is OK for a tiny German car of 1960s. At first, in the tutorial, the car looks like some useless junk, but put the tyres, the door, the engine parts, and then becomes a MAGNIFICENT WONDER of a car from the German Democratic Republic, first built in 1963."
,Recommended,446020,28769749,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,TheDwarvenYamato,"This is game is addicting, let's just say that."
,Recommended,446020,28845580,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Nerezza,"Set in 1990's Eastern Bloc, just after the fall of the Berlin Wall, you start your journey in East Berlin going... not west, but east! Welcome to Jalopy - A Grand Journey East, an enjoyable mix of driving sim, car maintenance, and roguelike adventure road-trip.Your uncle, Uncle, has gotten you a Laika 601 Deluxe (modeled after the real life East Germany produced Trabant 601 Deluxe) for your road trip, and though it's a clunker it'll bring you where you're going if you give it enough love and care.At first I wondered if this game was some kind of 'joke' or parody game, such as Goat Simulator, but looking into Youtuber videos I realized it does take itself somewhat seriously. If you're looking at this review, then you should definitely look at videos highlighting the game and see if you like it.Also, being early access there are missing elements of the game and bugs galore, but if you're intrigued by the gameplay you should definitely consider trying it."
,Recommended,446020,28849401,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Well I'm Ryan,Wauw! had no idea i would enjoy just maintaining my old Leica 601 and driving across Easten Europe :Dall survial games could learn alot from this game in therms of giving you a connection with your ride and maintaining it.8/10 and its still early access. its just a great game!Thanks Minskworks for this great game :D
,Recommended,446020,26692577,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Mannjamin,"A strangly fun little indie game where you drive a trabant accross eastern europe. The main objective of the player is to travel while keeping the trabant - known in game as a Laika functional. As you progress through the Easten Block, your car will become more and more worn requireing replacments or rebuilding. While driving, the player will come across goodies on the roadside which they can sell to help them progress. I would recommand this game."
