user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,446040,24591430,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,SquOliver,"NOTE: This is based off Blade Arcus from Shining 2.1 EX (the most recent arcade version)GAMEPLAY+ Good assist system; pick two characters, one to control, one to assist, you can swap them at the end of a round+ A good sized roster; not too many characters, but not too little either+/- No air-blocking or air-dashing- Only arcade (story), versus, training and online modes- Couldn't find an online match all day :(PERFORMACE+ DirectInput, Xinput and Keyboard support+ Toaster friendly. On my laptop with an i5+HD 4400, mostly stable 60 fps framerate in the training room only, with some drops during super attacks. Runs perfectly on my desktop with an i5+GTX 970+ Windowed and borderless windowed modes- Locked at 720p resolution.PRESENTATION+ Good art by Tony+/- 3D models look good, but would have looked better in higher resolution- Some licensed music tracks that were in the PS4 version are not in this versionOverall, my first impressions are okay, and it's a good PC version, just don't expect too many people to be playing online. There were people playing this at EVO 2016, so there is a scene for it. Definitely want to play more of it."
,Recommended,446040,24637049,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,MikuruX,"My first review here on Steam so I'll try to be as fair and to the point as possible.Blade Arcus is the latest addition to SEGA's long running ""Shining"" RPG series but this time, we skip all of the hours of gameplay and grinding to progress the story for more simplier system......let's turn this franchise into a ""FIGHTER"".....someone at SEGA must have said that and ""poof"", it's done.The game story revolves around it's two original characters Ryuuga & Pairon. As to what that story is? I don't know....I have yet to play story mode and quite frankly, I don't care much for it. I play fighting games for the fighting, not the story (majority of the game). If it was animated and you had to watch it like a movie like in Guilty Gear Xrd (Sign & Revelator), then I'll probably know what the story is cause I'll watch it in a heartbeat. Just know that there is a story to this game that is only relavent to this game and not any of the other Shining games that never made it here to the west:- Shining Tears- Shining Wind- Shining Hearts- Shining BladeThere's a lot more games in the series than what I posted but I'll keep it short for right now.Blade Arcus sports 16 characters of whom all are from various Shining games that I just mentioned above with Ryuuga & Pairon making their Shining debut in this one. Consider this game more of a dream match to put some of the fan favorite characters the Shining series against one another. Outside of Shining Force 1 & 2, I'm only familiar with Dylan, Rick, Rouna, Misty, & Xiaomei from Shining Hearts due to the anime series. Each character is unique and there isn't really a carbon copy character in this game although one may realize that Ryuuga & Pairon are basically your Ryu & Ken (Street Fighter) staples of this game.....to some degree.Keep in mind that Blade Arcus is ""NOT"" an airdasher anime fighting game. This game is slow paced which is could be similar to Koihime Enbu or Samurai Showdown but with a borrowed mechanic from Guilty Gear (which I will get into). The game sports a 2 vs 2 gameplay style where you pick any two characters where one will be your primary and the second will be your support character. You're able to switch roles of your characters in between rounds if you need a change of pace & strategy. Your secondary character is your assist character to whom you can all out ""a la Marvel vs. Capcom"" but there is a catch. You have an assist gauge that has 4 marks which indicate an assist level. Depending on when & how you call assist (Pressing D alone will make your assist do an assist attack depending on the situation you're in. Pressing D with an attack button will make your assist do an attack depending on the strengh attack you use.....which also counts to how much meter they'll use). You gain assist meter by taking damage or defending otherwise, it will fill ""VERY"" slowly if you're offensive. Offensive or Defensive.....the choice of how you use your meter is up to you and can determine the flow of a match. As for the borrowed Guilty Gear mechanic, there is one which is pretty much a ""Roman Cancel""....that is, a mechanic that allows you to cancel a normal or special move animation to continue a combo. This mechanic is known as ""Offensive Force"" and consumes 1 whole super meter to use (so you get a total of 3).Seeing as this is the first official western release of Blade Arcus, it's best you know that this game was ported to the Playstation 3 & 4 back in November of last year with extras like Arena Mode (arcade), an art gallery, and a stylish mechanic for those of you who are casual fighting game players or don't play fighting games at all. These modes & mechanics did NOT make it into the Steam release of this game. The reason for this is because the game was developed using the 2.01 arcade build as the basis. As to how Arena mode didn't make into this release, we don't know but evidently, this is a deal breaker for some people along with not having the art gallery. Degica Games is currently trying to see if Team Saisenzen will add them to the game but realize that it's Team Saisenzen that makes the final decision as their the publishers of this version, not Degica Games & not SEGA. Degica Games is only playing the advisor & EN PR role for Blade Arcus on Steam.One of the key modes that was missing from the PS3/PS4 version of the game was Online mode which is exclusively made by Team Saisenzen for the Steam release. I'll admit, upon release of the game, playing online was straight garbage....I mean slow as molasses matches hindered this game like no tomorrow. Fortunately, after one day of release, there has been a update that addresses this issue and so far, I've experienced smooth online matches from various players and even those from Japan so right now, online play is pretty decent. This experience may be different for everyone else so please be aware that my experience my differ from yours.Now......is this game worth getting? That's hard to say because I don't know how some of you think when it comes to fighting games. For me, this was a good purchase and it also shows my support for Degica Games & Team Saisenzen but also it shows my support for hoping that more games in the Shining series would be considered for the west if this game does good. If you're into slower paced fights, no out of control combos, no airdashing (the only exception is Rouna), & not many confusing mechanics to remember (at least in my book) then this game may be up your alley. If you're looking for more frantic fighting gameplay, you may want to steer clear. I would advise that you watch some videos of this game before you decide to purchase it if this type of gameplay is not your cup of tea. It's an enjoyable game to play to say the least.:: PROS ::-  First game in YEARS from the Shining series to come to the western market- Only version of the game that has Online Play- Slow paced matches with simple mechanics (gameplay similar but mixed with Koihime Enbu, Samurai Showdown, Guilty Gear)- Sonia is unlocked (so no DLC for this game at the moment)- Features character designs by Tony Taka- Good soundtrack:: CONS ::- Slow paced matches may turn off people who are into games like Guilty Gear, Melty Blood, Under Night In-Birth EXE|Late- Missing console features not included in this version (Arena Mode, Art Gallery, Stylish (casual) gameplay mechanic)- Features character designs by Tony Taka (Hey, there are actually people out there who hates his artwork so I have to cater to them too)"
,Recommended,446040,30878860,Posted: 1 April,all,coolRONz,"I love this game! Visuals are pretty crisp and clean. As a causal gamer who loves fighting games, this one doesn't disappoint. I am new to the ""shining"" series, so I'm not really up on their universe. But I did find it entertaining, but not deep, just a casual searching for orbs to be granted a wish. Honestly I found the story mode to be very simple and vague. Not a bad thing, only an observation. The nice part is there is a demo if you so desire to try it out before you buy. I find myself getting more of an anime fix from this one than anything. Also at first glance it looks like a tag tournament game, of which honestly I not a fan of tag fighters, but this ones a little different, first time for me. There is an assist, you have a meter on the bottom of the screen, in which you can have your second character jump onto the screen and sort of do a cheap shot, its actually pretty hilarious to me and they can actually get knocked down if your opponents timing is right. I just thought that was a pretty neat original concept to me. Good stuff!"
76561198097747417,Recommended,446040,24706767,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Akito Himenokoji,"Review was done by a casual fighting game player that uses a Xbox 360 controller to play. Feedback for online play not included have yet to find a match so those who want it for online only get it if you have friends to play with otherwise you might want to pass.SHORT ANSWERBlade Arcus I'd say it's reccomended for the more casual fighting game fan as opposed to those that play nothing but fighting games or to anyone that wants to find a good place to start without being overwhelmed by tutorials however this would be more of an introductory to fighting games as opposed to teaching you every aspect about 2D fighters like the footsie game at what not.LONG ANSWER-Story Mode (To sum it up it's basically like arcade mode with cutscenes every now and then that can be skipped by pressing start if you wish but theres no score or ranking system HIGHLY RECOMMENDED doing Pairon or Ryuga first to understand the premise of the story. Extended cutscene after ending credits for each character)-Versus Mode (Does not include a random select for characters, CPU doesn't switch between Main or Support mid game)-Training Mode (Nothing notable to add yet still messing around with it)-Online Mode (I can't give feedback on online at the moment but will update it when I can at this point though if online is your main thing I suggest skipping this or at least have a friend to play with as both ranked and casuals are pretty empty)-Manual (This is basically your tutorial mode which is more text based as opposed to direct action based learning)Arena and Gallery is NOT INCLUDED as for those that don't know Arena is traditional Arcade mode for some people this is a big no no but I think I rather have Online mode to at least play with my friends for now but it will still be nice to get these modes included in the future I'd pay money for it if it's not too expensive.Movement:All characters are able to back dash, short dash/sidestep (Basically it's not a fully blown run) and super jump with the exception of 1 character (Ryouna) is the only one able to double jump as well as air dash distance and speed varies from character to character.Characters:All have a degree of difficulty and playstyles such as Beginner friendly, Zoners, Rushers, Charge characters, Slow but Heavy damaging characters. No grab based characters present.My Reccomended characters for beginners for both Main and Support: Rick, Pairon, Ryuga and Fenrir.Character Moves:Lot of quarter circle/half circle movments, DP input forward down down-forward motions, Up and Down Left and Right Charge moves. few rekkas motions (doing same input up to 3 times can be done in succession or stopped at any point) follow up moves which basically do an input then follow by another button for a different result based on what button. Almost all super specials are quarter circle forward or back inputs a few quarter circle back half circle forward input specials.Game Mechanics:-Simple 2D fighting game reduce your enemys life to zero to win.-System is based around two characters that can be changed before the match and after every round (Not in story mode though)Main-The character your controllingSupport-A character that based on a special input or action your character is doing will jump in to assist you in damaging an opponent/setting up combos or interupt your opponent that is attacking you. (Assist characters can be attacked)-3 Meters are present1st is your typical special bar (Max Stock is 3) that charges only when getting hit or doing damage more so if you get hit with a critical, using special moves, and only when your getting chip damage while blocking which are from special moves or super specials.2nd one is your support gauge (Max is 4) which only builds when you recieve damage blocking will not build this meter nor does attacking.3rd one is basically a counter system of some sort it's basic uses are used for 1 a blow back attack which basically is a hard hitting attack that knocks your opponent away from you and 2 a sort of Reflection barrier that does the same thing but cost 50% of the bar but blocks everything but throws and I'm pretty sure super specials or maybe my timing is off meter builds gradually but builds pretty slow.-Recovery is in this game basically get knocked hold A,B or C to automatically get back up similar to BlazeBlue and Persona 4 Arena.-Ex moves are present which is basically spend half a meter to enhance your special move which varies each characters for instance certain characters throw out their fireball much faster or more of them experiment with each character for different results.-You can cancel in this game to continue your combo string from moves that shouldn't link but costs 1 bar.-You can spend 1 bar to backdash evade out of a bad situation.-There is no air blocking.-Landing certain super specials seem to buff your character or debuff your enemyOther Notes:-Cross ups are possible with some characters some of them maybe not or I might just be bad at it with that character."
76561198160868511,Recommended,446040,26152931,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Strayed Lynx,"Blade Arcus is an excellent fighting game,here's why.-Great artstyle,thanks to Tony Taka a very talented and renowned japanese artist who worked on this game.-Good graphics.-Even a toaster PC will run the game well.-The controls are impeccable.-A pretty large rooster of characters.-Enjoyable story mode.-A very good soundtrack."
76561198018308869,Not Recommended,446040,24794586,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,TheRealDMac,"Fighting System: 8/10Presentation (graphics/visuals, sound/music/voice acting, etc): 8/10Story/Single Player Offerings: 4/10Overall: A unique little spinoff fighter with way too much competition in the current market.It's hard to call this gamebad, but saying I don't recommend buying it is different. (Jan 2017 edit: Degica games continues to support this title in North America with bug fixes and ""Wednesday Night Fights"" events, which is more effort than some developers ever put in after launch, so you might be able to get some worthwhile matches in after all.)TL;DR:I gave the game a shot on a whim, because I thought it at least deserved a chance with its flashy visuals, intuitive gameplay, and innovative assist system, but with other games I need to finish/practice and the availability of people I've met in real life who will play other ""poverty games"" (Melty Blood, DFC, UNIEL, Yatagarasu, previous KOF titles, Persona, etc) but not this one, I was forced to admit that this is a multiplayer-focused game in a fully saturated market and its single player offerings don't make up for the gap in multiplayer opportunities. I do think this game deserved a chance to shine, and feel terrible hurting its overall rating, but the sad reality of fighting games today is that its chance came and went with AnimEvo 2016.Text Wall:I actually find the gameplay itself rather enjoyable. It calls Dengeki Fighting Climax to mind, but with less insane assists and no burst, meaning less ""setplay,"" less meter gain, and less approaching ""for free."" It has the same ""Light, Medium, Heavy, Assist"" button setup (A/B/C/D) and you block by holding back (hold down+back to avoid walking back, stand on reaction to overheads). A+B executes a throw, you can tech a throw by pressing throw, you can do ""EX"" special moves by pressing two buttons with an input, any seasoned fighting gamer knows the drill. Each character has a very limited move pool, and from my brief playtime it seems they each possess a single overhead special of some sort, which is typically intuitively recognized as an overhead. Some characters have an airdash, but others don't, making this game surprisingly grounded for an ""anime fighter."" Some have compared it to Street Fighter with assists. The limited moves (A/B/C, crouching A/B/C, jumping A/B/C, one or two command normals, two or three specials, maybe one works in the air, two supers, maybe one works in the air), tame assists compared to MvC or DFC, and telegraphed standing overheads mean that:1) You'll have to learn to space yourself properly and be patient; no winning a round without ever retreating or blocking.2) On the surface, matchups are relatively simple to learn. After a while you should stop losing to things you've never seen before, and start losing because you made a bad decision somewhere.3) Even the ""50/50"" type mixups aren't complete guess situations. Blocking low and waiting to stand for the overhead or tech at the green throw flash is easier said than done, but from what I played I didn't see a lot of potential for anything quite as oppressive as Guilty Gear mixups, vanilla Persona setplay, or BlazBlue blockstrings. (The combo damage if you get caught in a bad situation can be as silly as in any other ""anime fighter,"" though, and with a lower execution barrier.)The one thing the game does that I haven't seen before is allow you to swap your assist with your main between rounds. You can pick a character that covers your main's worst matchups, learn both characters, and tag out if your main is struggling. Alternatively, you can change things up drastically if your opponent learns your habit patterns. The assist system itself is key to the strategy of the game overall - the type of assist varies based on whether you press the button in neutral (1/4 support gauge), while comboing (1/4 gauge), while blocking (escape for 1/2 gauge), while being hit (desperation escape for full support gauge), or while using a super (massive damage for full meter AND support gauge). This is a unique, enjoyable system in which going ham with your assist ends up sacrificing your ability to use the ""burst"" mechanic typically seen in anime fighters.All of these are major positives for me. HOWEVER:I know the prevailing opinion about fighting game stories is ""lolstory,"" ""go watch an anime,"" etc, but even so, this is a game based on an RPG series that also had an anime adaptation/spinoff (The Bread of Happiness, a solid 6/10 from what I hear). With those origins one might expect this game to have, if not a compelling narrative, then at the very least a variety of enjoyable character interactions. Instead, each character gets a few vague allusions to their personality and/or relationships while they ""gather orbs"" (one infers that each arcade mode opponent you fight drops one)  because someone said to, then fights adone to deathsuper original ""YOU'VE DONE WELL TO MAKE IT THIS FAR"" god and makes a wish. But from what I played the wishes end up being petty and inconsequential. There's really... no point to any of it, and the game seems to be actively avoiding doing anything that the main series might have to address.And really, that's fine on the surface! It's a fighting game people are playing $20-30 for and Sega probably didn't want to end up angering fans who think FGs are too hard, a la the Persona 4 Arena series. But then you've got training, versus, online versus, and uh.... that's it besides the Manual and Options menu. And this is a niche title in a niche genre featuring characters from a lesser-known franchise, so good luck finding anyone who wants to play against you, especially if you live outside of the East Asia region. (But the Steam version has online play, which is a huuuuge plus! Credit where credit is due!) Without any kind of proper campaign mode, deep story, or bonus modes (think Soul Calibur bomb tag) to play, it's just hard to recommend this game. The nature of fighting games is that their complicated interactions and deep gameplay systems draw you in as you pour hours into mastering them with the goal of overcoming your opponents. But that process is only fun if you have a rival to gauge your progress and a worthy opponent to test yourself against once you've ""mastered"" the game. Did I mention the computer is completely braindead? Or that you probably won't be able to find many matches? I want to like this game, I really do, but sadly it's impossible for me to genuinely recommend it when you'll probably just mash out the easy story achievements and then shelve it for life. If you have a friend who is good at fighting games and will train with you, then go for it. If you're a Shining series superfan and you simply have to have this item as part of your collection, then go for it. If you're just a casual fighting game fan though, this is a sparse game with a minimal scene and you might do better to research what games are popular in your local area. If you're a competitive fighting game player, then you probably scrolled past this review when you saw the word story, and you probably know full well that you're not going to get much out of the time you invest in this game unless you're going to PovertyFest 2017."
,Recommended,446040,29270040,Posted: 15 January,all,爱阔少,"If you're a fan of Shining series or Tony's artworks. Probably you'll have some fun with this game.But if you just want a highly polished and balanced 2D fighting game and play online, better go somewhere else.-Easy to learn for beginners. Very easy special moves, and with some characters you may only rely on normal attacks to win.-Maybe more like Street Fighter rather than combo heavy fighters such as BlazBlue. One heavy hit can suck up 1/5 hp, You have to position and time your attack carefully or you'll die very fast.-Support system could be interesting. You can exchange main and support every round, and call support attacks when fighting.-Graphics are OK, characters look a little bit jaggy with 1080p.-Balance isn't very good, I didn't dig into this game deeply, just had a look on the online ranking list. Good characters can have 10000+ score but bad ones only a few hundreds.-AI isn't very good, Normal difficulty and below are too easy, you may win with just spamming any attack. And Hard suddenly ramps up a lot, AI can counter your attack most of the time if you're going aggressive.-Online is almost dead I guess. Tried a couple times, found nobody.-Story is next to nothing. Collect all orbs and congratulations, something like that. And no it's not dragon ball."
76561198130096352,Not Recommended,446040,26227242,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,MysteryK,"The game is fun, but those top tier characters ruin the fun of the game right away, and many players love to pick them cause of the BS BATTLE STATS(in ♥♥♥♥ing casual matches!) that ruins the online community.If you want a serious & fun balanced fighting game from Degica, get KOIHIME ENBU instead don't bother with this one, unless they rebalanced it my opinion won't change.6/10 ""Playable"" (Don't get me wrong I do like the game, but I can't recommend to other players that are into competitive fighting games.)"
,Recommended,446040,24772570,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,ragnadragon,"Fun game if you like characters from recent Shining games and Tony Taka's art. What makes Steam version different is an exclusive online mode that was absent in a PS3/PS4 version.If you don't  care about characters, you may focus more on the less positive aspects such as an online mode not being very active. The porting job is solid and the game runs smoothly, so thanks for that to developers!The first Shining game to make it out of Japan in years and it's on Steam of all places!"
76561197969929104,Recommended,446040,32751637,Posted: 24 June,all,B.E.Verins The Verinsonian {SVA},"On sale for 50% off at $15 - a fun game for the price. Wouldn't pay more for this, though.Control is very responsive, it feels like you are always in control. Great for beginners as you can mash buttons and feel like a pro... Not a contender against anything from Arc System, Capcom or Namco and so should be avoided if you want depth and strategy."
76561198011992101,Recommended,446040,24618219,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,RJ Berger,"if you like games like guility gear and other 2D fighting games this one is  a real good one. good amount of characters(16), movelist has streetfighter controls, there is a partner support, can change partner between rounds if you want(learn two characters at once) choose main character then choose secondary for support.  an okay story, nice graphics, runs fast and smoothly, it is worth the money spent on it($30)(just only got released 7/30/16) there are some pretty good 2d fighting on Steam this is one of themHighly Recommended"
76561198010802298,Recommended,446040,24644804,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,EndOfTheWorld,"+Character-based Story Mode.+Simple, no Ryu-Sho-Ken Fireballs fighting style.+Shining Force.+XiaoMei. (sorry had to throw that in there)Shining Force recycled into a fighting game!? 10/10."
76561198063689107,Recommended,446040,24696662,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Bilialtina,"It is not that bad at all, unlike someone in the web said this game is completely useless. For the price it depends on how much you like tony's design. It is really nice to have some detail settings in the training mode it really means the team work hard. BUT CHANGE THAT START TITLE VOICE!!! AS WELL AS THE PAGE USED TO CHOOSE CHARACTERS!!! buying this game for tony's style girls, hope that voice will be change to each character's  voice actor. the start page and choose characters page really makes me feel screwd up."
76561198165229401,Recommended,446040,24621084,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,KGeminis,"Very good game, aceptable mechanics and gameplay and most of all, awesome TT character designs. Hope more Shinning games come to the English speaking community."
76561198093162742,Recommended,446040,26306474,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,random scrub,Rouna is the love of my life!
13371337133766666,Recommended,446040,28748593,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Cisco Engineer,Bought this because of Tony TakaStayed because of the fighting mechanicsand the Waifus...
,Not Recommended,446040,24589173,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Vazra First of The Thirst,"Extremely basic combat system, characters are very by numbers, very little content and mediocre online.  Save your money for something else.EDIT: The best thing I could say about the game is that is functional but nothing about it sticks out enough to make it memorable. The animations  can look clunky at times and the characters animations seem inconsistent between some characters and it doesnt even look like its a stylistic choice Not a single character stands out and for most of the part in terms of designs are anime 101 and its depressing considering the game is based on Shining Series even if its taking characters from modern Shining games and not the older ones which had more variety visually speaking and less of the troupe characters we see in here which are pretty much generic for most of the part. The combat system I would consider it pretty basic as fighting games go and compared to other games in the genre there is not much systems and spectacle to talk about. The game feels pretty dated and even older games than this one feel better to control and more fun to play.There is a tag team mechanic which is functional and similar to Marvel Vs Capcom or Skullgirls where you call up your partner and they make an attack which sometimes help out or not depending the type of character helping as some have crappy range or are too slow  and easy to evade. The regular combat outside of the game is pretty much standard 2D fighting game with the combos and special moves which is good in sense of familiarity but in the end doesn't do much to set itself apart from other games that do the same things better technically speaking in a gameplay and visual department. Also not a big fan of the slower pace the game has and I normally dont mind slow pace fighters but this one simply doesn't bring anything interesting to keep going at it.The resolution being locked to 720p is quite jarring considering the year we are on and how it shouldn't be much work for the developers to make the 1080p+ resolutions there. The online experience I had with the game was pretty bad but apparently got fixed so I cant really update anything there since my experience with it was poor and didnt get to try the improved on cause the offline game didn't give me much reasons from the gameplay standpoint or games modes as the game is pretty barebones in terms of single player content and options overall.  Story,Versus and Training if I remember correctly is all the things the game offers. I get the game probably didn't have a big budget but there are other fighters that are considered ""poverty"" fighters that feature more content and more fleshed out mechanics and unique characters to draw you in while this one feels like the skeleton of a game that is still work in progress.As for closing I think the game is doing nothing memorable and at best average game that doesn't do anything to stand itself from other games in the genre and  lacking modes and extras to keep you going at it. I find it a bit frustrating cause there is potential for the game with polishing some things from animation to character designs and re-balancing the speed and maybe throwing in a new mechanic or two. When you get games like Under Night In-Birth Exe Late that released recently on steam that gameplay wise pretty is really polished and has its own unique mechanics that separate it from other 2D fighters and has decent content for offline play from some modes to outfits to purchase for the character and decent online play  its hard to look at this and pretend is a good game since the game is  not doing anything special and what is doing is not particularly good at it."
,Recommended,446040,24610036,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Protos Ω,You can plug in a Dual Shock 4.That is all.
76561198056707776,Recommended,446040,24619519,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,YaruSaru,"Honestly not what I wanted from the Shining series, I'm one of those old school Shining Force fans but I threw money at this game in order to show Sega there is still interest in the Shining series as a whole.The game is a pretty average 2D fighter and that's not a bad thing. The localization is alright but there are some cuts from the Japenese version.Hopefully we get more Shining titles localized in the future but for now I'll take what I can get and keep hoping for Shining Force 4."
,Recommended,446040,30502587,Posted: 13 March,all,kazereal,Beautiful 2D fighter.
,Recommended,446040,24618305,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,HELLFIRE SCORCHING,Must read manual before playing. There is no tutorial.The combat system seems very easy to pick up but I feel there is little advancement.The only bad part is that the online community is dead just like most fighting games besides SFIV and SFV.
76561198195981266,Recommended,446040,24664335,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,DanceGameGuy,Very cool you can assign simultaneous button presses to the right analog stick.  Unfortunate you can't use it to activate special attacks.
76561198027086012,Recommended,446040,25217726,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,pirateashes,"great story for a fighter. story mode is short but thats one of the things i like about this game, you dont got lost is some long a** cut scenes in between combat"
76561198057350968,Recommended,446040,30994166,Posted: 7 April,all,RogueEskimo101,"Easy game for the completionist type tho if you're looking for more of a challenge for completing games look elsewhere try harder fighting games like Skullgirls, Arcana Heart 3 LOVE MAX, etc. because unlike this game those games at least have more achievements and/or have online achievements most of which tend to be impossible for the average player IMPO (MK9 Challenge Tower anyone? Just sayin'). EDIT: And yes i know i've watched the boss rage episode featuring this game so i know of its brutal difficulty.Overall the game the gets a 6.5 out of 10 it's a simple enough to pick up and play at least for local multiplayer/single player mode anyway especially if you have friends with you.RogueEskimo out."
76561198071698217,Recommended,446040,34360238,Posted: 19 August,all,Lyle,I love this game one of my favorites. now get out of my face.
76561197970515347,Recommended,446040,29062631,Posted: 6 January,all,Godshand13,"Wow! Great fun! Pretty easy to pick up, but I am still learning the sublties."
76561198038701868,Recommended,446040,24744547,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Osmond_NLG,"It's a short review after putting some time into it.-Story is average, pretty simple to understand-Combo system isn't too complex so it's easier for newcomers to get into. The partners is ok, it's not a big thing imo.-Music is great to listen to when doing matchups.....kinda?-Online..........sigh. At this moment it's pretty bad, not well optimized even though the team said that they have worked hard on it. Maybe if they use GGPO(down atm) or Fightcade's netcode as a subsitute cause this netcode is making it difficult to play online. Even if you set it to near there are some input delays that will make it unplayable. So right now there aren't much players playing online...or maybe certain timeframes you might catch someone online....IF they can last more than 1 match w/o leaving after.I don't anything else to say, but those I point out. It's still a good game, but for a online experience i'm not sure. I would recommend it ONLY if you see it as a casual game that want something simple to get into and not into alot of button pressing, command prompting, can't do anything type of game."
76561198132360016,Recommended,446040,24597274,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,I>U,"There is a manual (!!!) included with the game, so you don't have to look into the wiki to understand the basic.Considering basics: there are 3 gauges for you to master, moves are pretty easy to learn though( ""a→b→/directional/→c→special"" standart + ""offensive gauge"" or ""support link"" move, 2 of the first kind, 1 of the second)You are to chose 2 characters from the start to play 3 rounds to win by default, one is only available for ""support atacks"" (Skullgirls has this feature) during the round, but can be switched in-between. Game feels like MK2 or MK3 classsics with no complex combo-system like the one in Dragon Ball or Blazblue multiplaied on the guages' moves difficulty, so it has a feal of Koihime Enbu made right. I must say, I like it.The looks... well, I've felt a little dizy first, because background has no perspective on it and characters are all 3d, so square-moving camera create a strange effect you need to get accustom to. Animation are part of lacking on some characters (you can see this at the 2nd video on store page, Xiaomei character particullary), but maybe it's just mah eyes which can only accept hybrid or all-2d at full. Looking at characters I'm starting to understand how astonishingly good their design is in BB or UNIEl, but only average here (lots of gurls and all the same faces on them; no, they are literally the same, like in Dead or Alive 2).This game wouldn't be popular in E-sports, because even though it has the mechainc it can't attract the viewer to the game to show it off. It's like 1st Starcaft with the Warcraft 1 graphics.70% of 30%. Haven't seen any movements online: I guess, it's up to the Steam players to make this game dead or alive (no pun intended). EDIT: there is a discord server with a pretty small populatioon here, look for the forums.Oh, and lower your sound before the 1st start. There is really lound japanese male telling you something in Wapaengrish. Oh-oh, and game won't let you bind any arrow key on KB as fucntional, consider this if you're left-handed man accustomed to the digital KB's input (this is not the first fighting which discriminates me, so I'm just using my gamepad with thedigital inputagain. I hope they'd fix it, though)"
,Recommended,446040,24589310,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Juracic Park,So far an amazing game! Love the way it looks and feels.
,Not Recommended,446040,26175335,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Shizuku,"EDIT2: Here's the TLDR: Normals can only cancel into normals and nothing else, highly limited command list, most animations feel like they're 10fps each with each frame repeated 6 times to create pseudo-60fps, in-game graphics look like 480p upscaled where games like GGX2 #Reload and KOF 98 look better than this game. Need I say any more?Oh, but if you weren't looking for a good fighting game and instead looking for something that runs and plays like♥♥♥♥♥♥ but has a decent, yet cringy story, then sure. I guess this game's for you.EDIT: I think another review also sums this game up very well: Hollow. It seems to lack any depth and it's obvious that either the developers or the publishers were cutting some major corners, turning this game that would've been a square into a circle.If you wanted a good fighting game with fast mechanics and innovative gameplay, this game isn't for you. If you want a game that panders to people who will buy anything that looks remotely like anime with a good story, favoring what makes a movie great as opposed to a game, then go right ahead and waste $20 while it's on sale.If you wanted a good fighting game with fast mechanics and innovative gameplay, this game isn't for you. If you want a game that panders to people who will buy anything that looks remotely like anime with a good story, favoring what makes a movie great as opposed to a game, then go right ahead and waste $20 while it's on sale.Street Fighter 2 is what I used to consider to be the slowest fighting game I've played in the world. The game offers barely any flexibility compared to other, more superior fighting games such as BlazBlue, Guilty Gear, Arcana Hearts, Under Night In-Birth EXE: Late, Melty Blood, and more. However, it did offer some things such as cancelling a normal into super among other mechanics.This game thoroughly♥♥♥♥♥♥♥my previous misconception as this game manages to be even more barebones than THAT. For one, this game has no jump cancelling at all. Secondly, you can't cancel a normal into a super or support. Third, you can't cancel a super into a normal or support. Fourth, your commands list consists of two specials and three supers. There was more effort put into Naruto Shippuden: Legends: Akatsuki Rising's combat system than this game, and that's saying a lot. I will give at least some credit that normals can sometimes cancel into each other, but that's about it.Now that we know the gameplay is♥♥♥♥♥♥ let's talk about the graphics, shall we? After launching the game, I was introduced to the game almost crashing (It went ""Not Responding""), before reverting to a 1FPS loading screen. From there, I was given unskippable logos in which I desperately mashed buttons hoping of a skip feature. I probably even skipped an intro trying to do this because I was sent straight to the title screen. The title screen and menu select looks good for Kingdom Hearts: Chain of Memories on GBA because all of the menu items are upscaled from a low resolution and made way too huge. This is possibly to compensate for the fact that there are nearly no menu options in general. I feel like I would die if one of those menu items came to life and crushed my body, that's how huge they are.On a side-note, the in-game music's maximum level is pretty loud, which is good for when you want the game louder than other things in your computer. The problem here is that it's set to maximum by default. I almost felt my ears bleeding as I waited in pain to wait for the options menu's loading screen to finish at 1FPS speed.Going into the character select, I saw there were yet again more huge character options, yet there were 16 characters. In my opinion, this is fine for a fighting game, especially one that already seems to hit standards as low as I'm expecting. And when it comes to the portraits, they look pretty good for anime-style character designs. Everything after that goes downhill from here. There's no random option on the character select whatsoever. This is probably the first fighting game that I've seen lacking a random select option in their character select.As per my usual game mechanic tests in fighting games, I chose the loli character in training mode and mashed the directions with my eyes closed to randomly select my assist and the opponent. Then comes the low-resolution stage select, which looks weird compared to the high-resolution artwork. Finally, the in-game graphics. They're terrible. They look like 240p resolution sprites upscaled with bilinear filtering. And no, there weren't any options in-game to change this.On a side-note to this, the in-game options are so barebones that it hurts me on the inside. The graphics settings are literally just ""Full screen or windowed?"" The control settings show me keyboard inputs at first glance, and there was no indication that I could change between the two like how I would be shown in BlazBlue or Dragon Ball XenoVerse, so I just closed the menu. The sound settings were the most diverse options selection with 3 sliders for Music, SE, and Voice.Back onto the in-game graphics, let's talk about frame rate and how it works. This game is locked at 60FPS, which seems fine at first glance, until you realize that it's not True 60FPS. True 60FPS means that one unique frame of animation is shown each 1/60th of a second. Hence you see 60 frames per second. How does this game handle 60FPS with sprites? Well, just paste the same frame multiple times for each ""frame""! That's right, the sprites run at low frame rates, but each frame is repeated multiple times to make Steam think it's running at 60FPS. Idle stances look to be a decent-enough frame rate, but when you get into normals and specials, you start to notice animations dropping.Sure, some games fool people by sampling 24FPS to 30FPS for games, but we're talking the difference between 6FPS differences and 40FPS differences. The only reason that this game would ever need to use those weird frame rate antics is to make sure button inputs are received at a rate of 60 times a second while still allowing the developers to be lazy about their animation.So at this point, after noticing the terrible in-game graphics, horrible animations, shoddy porting methods, lack of gameplay modes and settings options, and the disastrous combat mechanics, I decided that I didn't even care about the game whatsoever and have issued a full refund.When I play a fighting game, I play it for gameplay. If your graphics are bad, but the gameplay makes up for it, I'm still willing to play the game. However, when a developer sells a game for $30, on discount for $20, I expect something worth the money I paid for.Everything about this game screams ""shoddy console port"" to me. I've enjoyed my fair share of bad console ports when the gameplay worked out such as Naruto Shippuden: Ultimate Ninja Storm 4, One Piece: Pirate Warriors 3, BlazBlue: Continuum Shift EXTEND, or even Guilty Gear X2 #Reload. This game, however, performs terribly in the gameplay department, graphics department, AND the porting department."
,Not Recommended,446040,31285987,Posted: 21 April,all,Arthor,"Worse story mode ever, no story no character at all. (Played as the paladin girl. Not a single bit of story at all)Character models are quite ugly in game, sprites are beautiful.Combo system is way too shallow."
76561198010867550,Not Recommended,446040,24604325,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Elflord,Played for an hour to get the chance on the giveaway. but after beating the story mode once is not a game that will get my attention anymore.
76561198016113056,Recommended,446040,30847179,Posted: 30 March,all,DarkInfestor,I like the game and think it's very fun. It just lacks any sort of online community....at least on PC anyway. Don't know if this is on consoles/arcades
76561198003184070,Recommended,446040,30805176,Posted: 28 March,all,Irion,"A hidden fighting Gem, and if you're a fan of the Shining series and a fighting games, a must buy."
76561198092848299,Recommended,446040,35093317,Posted: 20 September,all,DeathNinja07,"Im not a videogame expert but this game is pretty entertaining. Only wish there was more story development to it, specially because I had to go to the Shining wiki to know more about the franchise. Unfortunately the wiki was lacking information extensively so that didn't actually help. But at least I gained interest on it and went to even watch the anime adaptation of one of the games [Note: the Shining series are mostly RPGs, this is the first one to be a fighting game].Can't complain much really."
