user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,446000,28313124,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Mal,"If you are familiar withEurogamestyle tabletop games, then the abstractions and economic focus (vice military control) will feel very familiar to you. The game's pillars are not based on American-style wargames.Many devs who make 4X games seem to have the souls of engineers; Aurora 4x being the archetype. In those games micromanagement focuses on design, production, and use ofthingslike ships. Mastery of those concepts leads to victory.This game requires micromanagement and is numerically obtuse as well, but it focuses on the qualitative values of game elements (i.e. cards) instead of design, production and use of things.Like Eurogame board games, the elements in Stellar Monarch are driven and controlled by complex sets of rules and their interactions. Also like a board or card game, many of the rules seem arbitrary and unreasonable. In a board game this is required for simplicity and balance, but modern PC games are usually more refined.(Better) PC games usually give players a better illusion of control and keep their rules meaningful, but subtle. The player's actions are more independent and positive and negative feedback loops are more sophisticated.I'll highlight by using an example of Stellar Monarch's military officers.* Admiral (high rank officer, impact of statistics x3)Competence of all high rank officers (admiral, vice admiral and optional political officer) affect combat bonus of all squadrons. Loyalty determine how much the officer supports the Emperor (rebel points generation).* Vice admiral (high rank officer, impact of statistics x1)Vice admirals contribute their statistics to the fleet very similarly to the way admirals do but the impact is smaller (x1 while admiral's statistics count as x3).* Political officer (high rank officer, impact of statistics x2)Political officers are optionally assigned to ""help"" the admiral, especially in regard of maintaining high loyalty. Note that political officers tend to not be so competent so the performance of the admiral might fall. Political officers contribute their statistics to the fleet very similarly to the way admirals do but the impact is smaller (x2 while admiral's statistics count as x3).* Commodore (low rank officer, affects the squadron only)Competence of the Commodore together with the competence of high rank fleet officers determine squadron's combat bonus. Loyalty determine how much the officer supports the Emperor (rebel points generation).At first blush this would seem to be an interesting and detailed mini-game. In Stellar Monarch, like a card game, the player isdealtofficers and can see all the detailed information about them. However, when presented with clearly bad officers, the player is very overtly constrained from taking action by the game rules. Instead of the player feeling in control and being immersed, the rules dictate an arbitrary discard system which results in the deal of yet another random officer card.For example, despite perfect knowledge of their Commodores' issues, the player is unable to act on that information effectively and suspension of disbelief is broken. There are no subtle consequences or positive/negative feedback loops -- just a hard and fast rule, ""You cannot discard a commodore card."" It's ironic that less numerical precision about a Commodore's qualitative value might have been better for the player's overall game experience.If you don't like card or board games, particularly Eurogames, you will find these kinds of weaknesses pervasive in the game's design.EDIT: Previously known as Pocket Space Empire, the dev changed its name to Stellar Monarch."
76561198008429783,Recommended,446000,22061825,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Basilhare,"I have played long enough to develop a first impression of the game...there is obviously a long way to go, but here is what I think...Pros:Unique: Fresh take on an old subject. I like the concept.Overall Scope & Feel: Its ""just right"" for what I want out of a grande strategic 4x gameUI: As with all games, you have to get used to it but it works very well.Art & Graphics: Simple but effective. I like the look of it.Mechanics: Core game works and is elegant & efficient.Fleet Managment: This is good. I like the feel and scope of fleet deployment and management. Most enjoyable part of the game for me.Fun Factor: I have found my time with the game quite enjoyable. Having to think about proper allocation of forces to meet threats, advance, etc..Intrigue and Politics: Much work to be done, but the core idea is good. A great deal of potential here and the core mechanics are already enjoyable.Value: There are those complaining about the price. I think its a fair value...I have gotten my money's worth out of it    already...Its cheaper than a two hour movie w/ refreshments...Cons:Fairly Plain Jane: Its a bare bones, early access game.  May features are not working, but it is EA, afterall.Love it or hate it: I think most 4x gamers will either love it or hate it, depending on what you want out of a 4x game. It is all about grande strategy with little economic/planet managment options.Spreadsheet game: Since it has minimal graphics, much of the game is about numbers, modifiers, etc.. This doesnt bother me, but may bother some. See comment above."
76561198031410811,Recommended,446000,33300161,Posted: 5 July,all,CountAcountant,"**SUMMARY**If you enjoy 4X games, you really, really need to play this game.  However, you may not want to play it more the once.  This is a truly innovative game with hit-or-miss mechanics; the good is so amazing you want to scream ""WHY DOESN'T EVERY 4X GAME DO THIS?!"", while the bad makes many elements tedious.  I honestly believe that the game is worth purchasing just to witness its more innovative mechanics even if you never play it a second time.**THE GOOD**This game has one purpose - to make you really feel like an Emperor instead of a logistics officer, and wow does it deliver.  The court system involves appointing political couriers to posts while balancing individual competence, loyalty, and corruption along with keeping powerful factions balanced.  It is a simple yet elegant mini-game.  The composition of your court then influences the flavorful random events with decisions for you to make, effectively spilling over into role-playing.Speaking of role playing, the games storylines (which are event driven) add an extra dimension to traditionally flat and lifeless pure strategy games.The victory condition system is also innovative.  You have a list of 15 possible achievements; once you acheive enough of them, you are recognized as Emperor of the Galaxy.  In other words, you can pursue different achievements from one game to another and the alien empires do not compete against you (directly) - they pursue their own interests and don't realize they are playing a game.Finally, the game really does let you set priorities and trust your underlings to carry them out.  Most resources only matter at the Empire level; you can tell your governors to prioritize more food and have no reason to care about which planets actually decide to build the farms.**THE BAD**Unfortunately, the bad elements are really bad.  For all the positives I've described in the first section, the odds of me ever replaying this game are slim.First, the learning curve is steep.  Really steep.  The game drops you into a complicated mess expecting you to avoid micro-level decisions.  But until you understand what's going on, the effect is you can't understand what you're doing.  There's a reason that many reviews here include something to the effect of ""I tried it and couldn't really get into it at first, but I came back later and it's lot of fun.""Second, the fleet management system is, in my experience, an absolute mess.  Make no mistake, you will be micro managing dozens of fleets.  Every turn.  Sure, they're called ""squadrons"" instead of ""ships"", but the micro-management required is the same.  This game somehow manages to turn interstellar war into SimBureaucracy and then make it even more boring.  When you set fleets to auto, your admirals will create as many squadrons as they wish (you can influence to composition of the squadrons, but not the number) - and your shipyards will build as many ships as they request, which is a great way to go bankrupt without ever realizing what is going on.  Set your auto fleets to offense?  Your admirals will needlessly send multiple squadrons to conquer the same planet when only one is needed, and ignore all the other planets you've asked them to take.  And manual squadron management slow, repetitive, and utterly unrewarding.  It's possible that I've missed solutions to these problems after searching the interface for hours, but that itself should tell you something about the unwieldiness of the fleet system.  The fleet system alone takes what I honestly believe is one of the most innovative 4X games of all time and turns into a tedious chore to complete.Finally, there is no diplomacy, or really any distinction between your neighbors.  Technically there can be temporary truces, but in practice here was my typical experience:  You are surrounded by individual planets that sometimes have fleets and other defenses, and you will read battle reports every turn that 10 or more of your planets have been attacked.  The attacks will be unsuccessful.You will neither recognize the planets' names, nor care about the battles, and most of the time you won't even notice which alien empires happened to be involved.  Even if your diplomatic experience is more positive than mine was, one thing is certain:  You will definitely not have the epic Imperial alliances and betrayals that have become standard in the 4X genre.**CONCLUSION**You should buy this game to experience its good innovations, which are groundbreaking and arguably years (decades?) ahead of their time.  Understand that it comes with the price of a lot of tedious pain, frustration, and boredom, but ultimately it's worth it."
76561198056627494,Recommended,446000,31321848,Posted: 23 April,all,jonnikaj,"If you are a 4x fan, and want something a little different, and have the patience to get past the obtuse UI you'll find an intriguing game here with an authentic imperialistic vibe. The way the rebellion system is implemented is really cool, and I grew to really like the audience and court mechanics.Some other problems to be aware of:-The game has pacing issues, the interesting storylines take way too long to complete. Be prepared to click end turn a lot.-Too many battle reports-Managing fleets is fiddly and confusing-Pirates are just annoying, as usual"
,Not Recommended,446000,28774537,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Chiibo,"Boy oh boy, this is going to be a short review.Stellar Monarch, also known as Pocket Space Empire is a 4X game made by a single dev which revolves around you being the Emperor of an empire and dealing with the upper levels of said empire. Dont let that fool you, there isn't much in the game in its current state (1.03).The game is a fantastic premise and different compared to other 4X, instead of playing as just some generic leader title on other 4X games doing everything at once during each turn you make some deicions using laws and decisions as well as adjusting the empires budget which the planetary govenors and businesses will work with, as well as subsidies you can place on each planet (which are essential depending on which part of the empire the planet is on).The micromanagement isnt completely true, 99% of micromanagement is gone (THANK GOD!) but there still is a tiny bit as stated earlier with the subisidies, you manually have to select each planet and pick which subisidy you want on it and then wait a few turns for them to become activated. Another issue is the automated fleets and AI, you can automate fleets but its purely defensive and dont retake planets lost in combat, so thats lots of clicking the fleets to retake lost worlds, it gets painful after a while.Once you have done that, sorted your Audience of events every 10+ turns and tinker with the economy, you hit the next turn button and fight the constantly invading AI neighbours until you do the same. Good ideas get boring cus there is nothing else too do.Its a NO for the time being until new content updates hit the game, as well as modding tools as i think this game wil excel with proper modding capabilities."
76561198028403807,Recommended,446000,21740655,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,DireEpidemic,"im going to make this short sweet and simple.- Cons --spelling / sentence mistakes-no Tutorials just textboxes, lucky the game is easy to understand.-lack of description on some aliens (these are most likely placeholders)-education why is it not going up? what does it impact? basically lack of detail on some game mechanices.-pirates spawn out of nowhere and the game claims they are weak (they somehow have capital ships?)with enough troops to somehow attack my garrision and make troops retreat?they also take over planets which doesnt seem very pirate like.(to me anyway, but hey im more of a smash and grab kinda guy.)- Pros --i like the UI, it has a comic book feel to it.-this is really the first game of its kind.-gives a very dystopian falling empire feel to it (warhammer like) enemies everywhere.with a touch of Emperor of the Fading Suns, but without the emperor dying and less micro-the panic of tryign to keep everything together is REAL, BE WARNED.so why am i giving this a thumbs up? the game has problems, but they are fixable. However after playing the two games i've listed im willing to take a chance. no game has even been close to EOFS and that was made in 1996. in the end im willing to put money up for future support, and the game is playable. its just bare bones right now. though it does fulfill its goals, no micro execpt how many ships you want and where to move em. in the end its up to you, if you are at any point of a game development unsure. then dont buy it, wait and play the safe route."
,Recommended,446000,28224513,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Fishbreath,"Pocket Space Empire is to most space 4X games what Unity of Command is to Gary Grigsby's War in the East: a straightforward experience stripped of a lot of cruft.As the description says, you don't concern yourself with minutiae like planning out each planet's production, or organizing your fleet in detail. Planetary governors take care of the former, and the game takes care of the latter by a handy system for assigning certain fleets to certain directions, and by building squadrons to match a desired composition.As the emperor, your time is divided between three main pursuits: managing your wars (which are likely to be more or less permanent) by directing fleets from your headquarters on Terra, deciding research priorities, and ruling over your court.War management is fairly traditional strategy game fare: point and click to move your fleets. Some of your fleets will likely be autonomous; autonomous fleets always station a squadron on each border world in a certain direction or directions, which generally takes care of defense. You get to manage the more interesting offensive half of things. Although there isn't a great deal of depth to the moment-to-moment maneuvering, especially as your empire grows more powerful and your enemies fall behind, there is a good bit of strategy at play. It takes a long time to move fleets across your empire, so changing fronts should not be undertaken lightly, and you'll find yourself careful in committing your mobile fleets. Rarely will you attack for the sole purpose of taking territory: the random galaxy generator seems to do a good job of scattering features of interest so that you're usually aiming for one of those, with supporting offensives to secure your flanks.Research is research; it progresses more or less linearly in five separate areas, and you can choose one area for primary and one area for secondary focus, at the expense of research speed in other areas.Finally, personnel management. Your Imperial court has six departments, each providing bonuses or penalties to your empire's functioning. You must balance the presence of factions in the court to prevent rebellious sentiment from growing, but this (along with less-interesting management of planetary governors and fleet commanders, neither of which can be easily shuffled around or relieved of duty) is not Crusader Kings 2. Your courtiers, governors, and admirals are mostly interchangeable, and they don't have personal motives or bear personal grudges. Court management is mainly shuffling cards around.In the end, though, I like it. This is a beer-and-pretzels 4X to go with my beer-and-pretzels wargame collection. It isn't especially deep, and I don't know how well the gameplay would hold up if you were to sink 100 hours into it, but it's worth the price of admission, and it presents you with a unique take on managing your space empire."
76561198076781554,Not Recommended,446000,30199619,Posted: 26 February,all,Redial,"This game takes an idea that has been done before and tries to do something new with it. Instead of having you control all aspects of your empire you only issue edicts and change the focuses on different parts of your economy. Some parts of it work really well in my opinion. I think the way you can only change your focus in a broad sense is really good. But other parts of it fall flat on its face which limits my enjoyment of the game. The warfare is probably the worst example. You are supposed to NOT be micromanaging in this game. I would have expected that you issue commands to attack and focus on certain places of the front, but instead you have to micromanage every single fleet to go where you want to attack. The only time when your fleets aren't being directly controlled is when they are just watching a border. The warfare has just way too much micro management for a game that is supposed to make you not feel like a logistics officer. My final complaint is that the politics between civilizations is lacking so much. Super advanced space civlizations have should have immensely complicated politics, but instead I just occasionally get a random person from a different civlization that can do a little for me show up. In conclusion this game feels too micromangment heavy for me too enjoy it."
76561198155745293,Not Recommended,446000,28264968,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Doopington,"I'm not particularly happy about this game for its price point. It should be $15 or less, ideally $10 for what you get.While it's a good idea and a relatively polished execution, the game is somewhat less than what is promised in terms of grand strategy FUN, rather than implementation.The game essentially distances you too far BACK from being invested in it, alongside a very unclear (if ultimately relatively simple) learning curve (the fleets especially).Combat is essentially positioning forces near planets you want, then pushing a squadron one by one onto the enemy planet. It's not so much hard as it is very unclear why you're winning or losing and almost RNG-esque if not for just spamming larger fleets on enemy planets.Diplomacy is largely a wash; there's no real differentiation fluff-wise with other civilizations aside from a blurb and their racial character art. In fact, fluff is very weak in this game and makes it hard to role-play if you were looking for that in an empire-builder. You barely emotionally care about whatever's going on beyond taking more territory and balancing out various gewgaws of imperialism (from your Courtiers to what fleets are where to the annoying as hell Hive universal enemy).What takes the cake is the eventual Rebel era which essentially stole all of my frontier-expanding invasion fleets in one ""well F you, player"" swoop with very little explanation other than ""the Era changed and now all the previously pretty loyal planets and the fleets on them now HATE you and will fight to the utter death against you.""THE BIG tl;dr:5-6 out of 10 (Not worth the current price, but bless the developers for trying)I really want to like this game, because I feel it could ultimately be very charming, but it ends up being a sadly mediocre (if valiant) attempt to build a great empire builder that takes out the micromanagement of other games like CK2 or the Total War military series. There was a lot of potential here.You just want to be invested in your empire, but are carried along by momentum of ""one more turn"" hoping you'll find enjoyment. The game however doesn't really give a damn about you similarly, sadly."
76561198011635974,Recommended,446000,28242601,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Guilty Man,"Surprisingly enjoyable.Despite its low end graphics and un-storied developer, this title is worth your time especially if you are into Paradox strategy games.It's a quick, hands off, space based 4x, the conceit being that you are the immortal emperor of the Terran race, ruling from the centre of the galaxy, naturally superior to all. To win you must be prestigious enough, blood-thirsty enough or valorous enough to claim the title of ""Ruler of all Galaxy"" (developer is not a native English speaker, cut them a little slack). Anyone familiar with the Warhammer 40K licence should find some common ground here, but it also calls on classic sci-fi such as Asimov and Clarke.There is almost no micro-management in this title, that's what you have courtiers and councillors for, instead you are concerned with balancing political power, addressing the court and dictating the fleets. It is, as the name might suggest, like crusader kings for a pocket-able device.Despite it's low-fi feel, it does a good job of depicting what it would be to be the immortal emperor of Terra, dictating the growth of your people and seeing off the mewling, un-evolved alien races of the galaxy."
,Recommended,446000,25471593,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Long Plays,"I really enjoy the asymmetry of the game, as well as the various events that vastly changes the game's pressures from one turn to the next.If you want a comparison to another game, I would have to nominate Risk. Because of the use of starlanes, and the restriction of expansion options to only connected systems, its military strategy is very similar to Risk. The biggest difference is the single shipyard at your home world, which requires you to plans your moves a bit further out.The political aspect reminds me of Crusader Kings II, but only on a superficial level. It certainly adds yet another level of game play on top / in additional to of the military aspects.The best part is the game being turn-based, which means you can quickly save the game, go do something else, and go back to it at another time. The exceptionally helpful reports at the beginning of the turn will help you to quickly reorient yourself. Then again, if I play just one more turn...I enjoy this game more than any recent Space-based 4X games that I played. Here isa Let's Try seriescovering my second time playing the game. Obviously the game play will changes as the game is updated, but hopefully it will give you an idea of how much I enjoy playing it."
76561197970998492,Recommended,446000,31304538,Posted: 22 April,all,windfollower,"This is a fun, light game. Yes, the graphics are simple, as are the sounds; and you certainly aren't going to see the complexity of many 4x games. There is no question that the game is rough around the edges and takes some time to get used to.That said, I'm actually enjoying being unavoidably kept from micro-managing, because it simply isn't an option (even though many of the details are available to see, for interest). Instead, the experience of being forced to focus on the big picture is liberating.The mini-game of balancing your council to keep the various factions in their place is an interesting diversion. Also, it's really nice to have many of the empire-wide decisions and roleplay confined to once-in-a-while royal audiences; it adds a rhythm and regularity that is also enhanced by the different ""eras"".There are many aspects that feel more like a board game than Stellaris, but on the whole these are welcome. I play Stellaris, too, so I like having a fairly different but also fun experience to contrast it with.Price tag of $20? Hmm, hard to say. There are free games online that are a bit similar, but at the same time, this is a cut above the ones I've seen. It was worth it to me, but feel free to wait for a sale if you're not sure."
76561197976836263,Recommended,446000,29461259,Posted: 24 January,all,Wahnsinniger,"Havings played nearly a dozen space 4X games over the last 20 years, I've grown tired of individual ship management, and with relentless large tactical battles, regardless of the graphical fidelity.Enter Stellar Monarch, a game which convincingly zooms out a little, and focuses on the grand strategy of the situation, rather than they minutiae. Better yet, the design notes state several well designed war and strategy board games as inspiration, which explains so well the focus and design aesthetics of this game. This background means that rather then try to be everything, this game tries to do a couple things well, and everything else in the simulation (individual ship and planet management) is handled by the computer rather than the player. That is what I personally want. I have played the games where I have managed dozens and hundreds of planets and ships. Now I would indeed rather be the true Emperror, and leave those trivial matters to computerized courtiers."
,Recommended,446000,21906032,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,the_rock0123,"Be aware that this game is not even in a Beta state, it is a Alpha game in Early Access, with many missing features which means the game is really only a preview of what is to come.  With that said, as a fan of turn based wargaming and strategy, this has excellent promise to develop into a really solid title and the developer appears worthy of support, being very responsive in the forum (hopefully this may continue through to a successful final release - this is always the gamble for the earlier buyers).  I enjoy games by the likes of Paradox, Slitherine (Gary Grigsby games, etc), and this game fits the bill of a grand strategy game set in a massive universe.  You are the Emperor of an Empire (and you'll only ever play this character, as the developer has said this is purely a one player game, and playing as the Empire only).  As the Empire is massive, you'll have to make all the grand decisions, this means you'll hold courts with people visiting you and you making decisions, you have the power to fire staff at will, and you'll have to tell your ships where to fly to, direct where to explore (if you wish), and choose how to expand the Empire - which planets do you want to colonize?This all sounds very promising, but there is a catch that may put many buyers off, the Alpha means key functions of the game are missing, and also means you are free to claim victory pretty much any time you like in this version. This doesn't put me off as I'm the ideal target market buyer for this game, so am happy to support its development and help the developer release this successfully.  It's well worth watching the forum so you can see all the Alpha issues people are having.Overall positives:Very nice atmosphere to the game, aided by nice background music.A beautiful 'grand strategy' game - 100's of unique planets to explore, colonize and fight over.Basic, but nice graphics and art, in my view (see screenshots).A randomized starting position each time, with randomized court etc.At least 13 races vying for supremacy of the Universe.The game is early access, but has not crashed once (how many EA have this stability, let alone fully developed games?).A game where you can pretty much click through all the turns without doing much, or look to manage things in a bit of detail (e.g. do you want to fire a governer? promote or demote someone in your court? change a planet defence priority? create a new squadron of ships? change tehnology focus?).There will be a wide variety of scenarios to play, of around 9 difficulty levels.I actually dont mind the way battles work.  The battles are automated, all you do is click through the phases and watch the results, you can't influence the battles once they are joined.  But you get a nice battle log showing who attacked who, and the results, and you can graphically see bars on the screen above each squadron to show the strength change over time.  See the screen shots for samples of the battle screens.Some people will see these as a negative if buying into the Early Access Alpha:There is very little by the way of tutorial, only a few '?' to click on throughout each screen.  Many of the functions of the game are therefore not clear yet.  But over time, this can surely develop and guides will start to appear.  I was worried at first I wouldn't enjoy the game because it would be too complex to self learn, but after 2 hours I'd say 50%+ of the features are understandable.  This may not be enough for many players.'many' features are not implemented, and some seem pretty key to the game, relating to diplomacy, reforms, resources, battle bonuses, rebellion, etc.  This is why the game can't yet be played fully.Lots of features on many screens simply say 'test', and will be of no use to the general player, clearly, more features are to be implemented but not playable.Sold currently at a higher price for the alpha state, yet if you wait until final release, you may well pick the game up cheaper.After playing, you'll be left with 'many' questions about gameplay, features, functions, etc.In summary, as a grand strategy fan I have absolutely no regrets buying this game.  I love this game and it could be an all time favorite once fully developed.  If you buy now, you'll have to be prepared to stick out the development, but there is a gem of a strategy game in here somewhere which I very much look forward to experiencing the end result.  I've never had any interest in sci-fi, but this game just really appealed to me as a 'must buy'.  Watch the preview video on You Tube, and if you're half interested in buying this game, give it a go, I would say!   And wait for the full development."
76561197976327138,Recommended,446000,28210238,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,becephalus,"A very good game with a fresh concept regarding 4X management.  If you are looking for a different kind fo experience and a well made game with few bugs/problems this is for you.  A solid 4X game with some decent writing/story and a well executed design.  Does not have very high grade art/sound design, but it is fine for what it is.  Definitely more of a managment game and you shouldn't get it if you are looking for shiny battles.I think this would appeal to people interested in Crusader Kings 2 from Paradox, or Space 4x generally.I have been really enojying the beta, and it sounds as though there will be continued work on the game after release.  I literally never encoutnered a single issue during the beta."
76561198042405708,Recommended,446000,29623029,Posted: 1 February,all,MooK881,"This is a very unique take on a very repetitve genre. I am really enjoying my first game. The game mechanics (you are emperor, global view) truly reduce micromangement and allow you to focus on fun stuff, like fleet management, your royal court. Does need some polishing and expanded explanations in some areas (fleet shipyards, for example). But overall, the game is fun and the developer is very active and is pushing out frequent updates in response to the customers."
76561198043773339,Recommended,446000,22240751,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,24601,"This is an alpha game. I don't recommend a buy unless you're willing to wait for a more complete version and test the game.  Developers in this industry have been known to abandon projects.  Although it looks like the current developer is in this for the long haul, I have been fooled before.  If early access is no barrier to purchase for you, then read on and maybe consider supporting this developer.Although I haven't played much of this yet, I felt begrudgingly compelled to give a positive recommendation for what is here so far, which is mostly in concept and art direction.  I haven't been given a free copy or paid to do a review, so let's nip that idea in the bud right now.The art is charming.  Not perfectly drawn, but a charming art style that carries the menu-driven gameplay.  Don't expect giant space battles ala Gratuitous Space Battles, or incredible animations.  This game is a menu-driven experience.The skeleton for a cool space-opera-esque 4x is here, though.  The idea of less micromanagement in a game like this is fairly novel.  That you're playing the Emperor of a fledgling galactic Empire and only the Emperor, delegating the main thrust of your expansion to your subjects, is a very cool idea.I just completed a game at the lowest difficulty.  It was easy as it should've been, but not a total cakewalk even at that setting, but I'm not the best strategy player.  Mainly just moved forces back and forth until I took over enough planets, and played whack-a-disloyalist with my courtiers, officers, and governors.  The audience feature is a fun call-back to the advisors of Civilization games of past years, only your advisors are completely disposable.  If any of them get disloyal, banish/kill/dispose of them.  Ignore competency and corruption in these subjects.  Loyalty is the most important attribute.  Praising the Emperor is the most important activity.  Seriously though, when the rebellion features make it into the game, I suspect loyalty will be far more important.  Which is why I'm working on my whack-a-disloyalist skills now rather than regret it.To sum up the early access preview, I think this game is going places.  I really enjoyed my first playthrough, and look forward to the game becoming more feature complete, but not too much.  The abstraction of this game is part of its charm."
76561197963810364,Recommended,446000,28601646,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,My Love is Pure,"I initially was a tad trepidacious about this game. It was a fairly high price tag for what seemed to be a fairly basic game. I was wrong, very wrong. This game is excellent! The design principle of ""You should feel like a Space Emperor"" is definitely followed through. Why micro manage when I can paint with broad swathes and let my retainers do the work?All in all this is one of the best 4x games in a while, and Ive played quite a lot in my day."
76561198089952740,Recommended,446000,21830885,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,omnibeeman,"This game left me pleasantly surprised. Like others, I wondered how true the non-micromanagement part of the game was and it lives up to its tag line.While I agree, the game is new and has many features untouched, I think there is great potential here.As the Emperor, you make broad decisions during audience, colonizing a planet, production/research edicts, or sending a squadron to conquer a planet. The military is abstract in that you define what an average squadron's ship complement should look like and the AI does the rest.I expect the game and storylines to be fleshed out a little more with more decision input from the Emperor.The only qualm I have so far is that officials who die of old age are hard to identify (only referenced by name but I have no idea who someone is based solely off of name).This definitely plays like Crusader Kings II in space to an extent combined with a space 4X type game. I look forward to additional features and the final product!"
76561198008443462,Recommended,446000,28212905,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Spunky,Been following this game for a while bought it the second it released from beta and I gotta say I am very impressed!Totally had me doing the *Just one more turn* syndrome for the past 3 hoursIf you want a game that is more about the feel of an armchair emperor instead of tonnes of micro and love 4x games I would wholeheartedly recommend itBig ups to the developer!!!
76561197970555148,Recommended,446000,26330953,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,culsu,"There are no build queues or tactical combat moves, you tell your empire what to do in a general sense and not how to do it.  You have some budget and focus options, appoint people to high offices, hold occasional audiences, worry about rebels, and move your fleets.It is an interesting idea which is well executed.  The gameplay is fun, and the music and artwork style fits it well."
76561197995680609,Recommended,446000,28960415,Posted: 2 January,all,echo2361,"If you are looking for a true grand strategy game where you manage an empire at a high level of administration this is the game for you! But if you are looking for a more traditional 4x experience be warned you should likely look elsewhere for things like ship designing, control of tactical battles, and general micromanagement. None of those are to be found in Stellar Monarch. This is also a game for people focused on gameplay rather than graphics, although the art style is unique and it has grown on me quite a bit.Positives:+ You really do feel like a space emperor, setting broad policy goals and trends without getting bogged down in day-to-day management of things like colony buildings and individual starships.+ Era system and interesting events keep you on your toes. Different eras can have pirates being more active, a coalition of major races forming against you, and more. Major events like slumbering alien empires violently awakening and rebellions threatening to split your empire in half challenge you throughout the game.+ Combat is hands-off, but your decisions on how to build your fleets and squadrons, and which officers to use make a big difference.+ Balancing the various political factions in your court is a fun way to play politics in an effort to improve how your empire is running.Could Use Improvement:- A proper tutorial would be nice. There are tip screens and such, but it can be hard to grasp everything the game has to offer when you are just clicking around to see what every screen and tab has to offer. Plenty of tooltips are available, but some things are still left unexplained.- Variation in major/minor races. They all feel pretty much the same to play against. The major ones have a small amount of flavor text to set them apart, but really they have the same tech and play the same. Seeing some variety in how they play, and how you can counter them, would be nice.- More variety in events. It seems like you get the same diplomatic events every audience no matter the race you are dealing with. Same goes with good/bad events base on your court. This game could benefit a lot from more events to keep it interesting.Overall I'm happy with my purchase so far and I imagine I'll be spending many more hours with this game!"
76561197994638907,Recommended,446000,28253374,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Illuminatiprimus,"I was quite hesitant to buy this game because it looked quite simplistic from the pictures, but having spent nearly 20 hours with it I've definitely had a full on romance with it.The game definitely lives up to its description as a game that is about leading an empire, it's extremely strategic and you really do feel like you're in charge of a sprawling empire amongst the stars rather than a game player manipulating a spread sheet with graphics. There are quite a lot of moving parts to the games' mechanics and it means there is always something to be thinking about and doing. I've played it on the easier levels so far to get the hang of it and am really excited about making use of some of the other parts of the game that haven't featured so heavily for me on the higher levels (at the easier levels you can ignore the diplomacy as you steamroll over everyone, I suspect that won't be the case at the 5 higher levels I've yet to play!).Be aware that at date of writing (December 2016) it's only just launched and there are a few kinks that need to be ironed out, however the developer is very engaged with the community and responds to posts and questions in the steam forum, so I have every confidence it will get even better over time.If I have one criticism of the game it is, like many strategy games, that the tutorial doesn't tell you many of the things that you wish you'd known hours into the game. That said, this game possibly is the best I've ever played for informative tool tips - every single facet of the game's mechanics are explained if you take the time to read the tool tips over the numerous screens. Yes it's a little overwhelming to start with, but it absolutely isn't a black box, you can learn to play it well.I highly recommend this game to anyone looking for a good 4x strategy, particulary if you don't like micromanagement, and if you just want to play one... more... turn..."
,Recommended,446000,28815451,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Nokillz and Noskillz,"I had doubts when I bought the game, burnt by the many cookie cutter 4x clones out in the market.  However, Stellar Monarch surprises with a novel approach to the 4x genre.  It cuts away a large amount of micromanagement present in 4x games while maintaining the feel of a game with complex underlying mechanics.  The drawn graphics actually make the game more charming and immersive unlike other titles that have opted for souless 3D assets.The best comparison to Stellar Monarch is if a simple cell strategy game like SolarMax is designed to be in the 4x genre; turn-based, massively expanded in scope with advanced resource and colony resource management, research, diplomacy and combat.The right level of abstraction is needed and I believe Stellar Monarch comes close to making the perfect balance between the simple 4x phone games and more complex 4x games like MOO, Galactic Civilizations or Stellaris.  The design direction is great and will be appreciated by people who enjoyed the 4x classics.If you're looking for something fresh, this game doesn't disappoint."
,Recommended,446000,24950923,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Pvt. Stewart [2RB],"The game is very simple, yet surprisingly elegant in the way it delivers with what we see and interact with.For now cause and effect seems rather inconsequential. Particularly in matters of diplomacy. When starting your Empire agressive actions from other empires is rather expected and normal, even without a declaration of war, in which is not actually ever declared. It just happens, even if your ""influence"" with another empire is very positive. That influence only remains for the duration of an Era in X amount of turns.The functionality of your emperors interaction with these matters is clearly ment to be the center piece of what really makes this game unique. For the most part I agree, but again for now it seems inconsequential and lackluster. A very promising feature in which I feel could make for a very interesting jewel. (Has continuesly improved since I purchased the game some months ago.)Production, along with other elements of infastructure you might typically expect in other games is mostly automated with the options to focus perhaps on agriculture over mining until which time that focus is no longer needed.Fleet managment is simple yet in my opinion some what satisfying for a more relaxed and less micromanaged strategic element, in which you set the boundaries of expectations in fleet sizes and production and hope those in your empire are not to corrupt and are competant enough to see matters through, or your empire may fall to heel. All thats really required of the player beyond these simple boundaries of fleet management is to ensure your fleets are in a strategic spot, essentially creating a wall so that your Empire is not flooded by a tide of Xenos and extremely hungry flesh eating parasites in which unwittingly create genecide every where they go.The player and the Emperor try everything to expand from the get go in this pocket space universe, for the most part with sucess despite all of the exterior threats from the start. Yet as they continue they often find themselves overwhelmed by exterior elements bashing their way against your well placed dam only to find that another tide has begun to envelop them from within as the rebel elements come from seemingly no where, despite your best efforts to maintain the loyalty of your ... well everyone else.I find Pocket Space Empire to seem like a small pocket of content with a surprising amount of intrigue that seems to remain, and also find myself excited to see what comes next in the coming updates. I can only hope this rough diamond turns flawless with its uniqueness but find myself wondering if perhaps it tries to be too unique when it should perhaps look to make other aspects more traditionalized with the rest of the game and focus more of it's attention on the Emperors cause and effects with his interactions and even make the player feel more like the head of state.As is 6/10 Recommended, and hopeful for the road to 1.0's possibilities."
76561198067773563,Recommended,446000,23990894,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,rgelias2000,"If the devs continue to refine this game it has all the hallmarks of being a classic. However, it is not quite there yet and still needs a lot of work and refinement. As the game stands now I like it, it provides a unique experience that I find interesting."
,Recommended,446000,28243206,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Multihack,Believe the amount of positive reviews. This game is great!Please remember to pay close attention to the word pocket. It is a minimised version of 4X games but how it tries to tackle its targets is phenomenal.Personally I am always looking for a good geopolitical game. Space politics management is hard to pull off so I decided to accept the negative side of combat in 4X games and try some. Pocket Space Empires scratches that itch for anyone looking to run a intergalactic empire without too much focus on combat - you can minimise your involvement and/or invest in defensive technologies.
76561198070798187,Recommended,446000,28228766,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,jappleby,"As I write this please bear in mind I only have 3 hours or so in playing; however have watched many videos. My first impressions while it was in Beta intrigued me enough to put on my wishlist but just could not see $20 plus(Cdn funds). The best way for me to describe this is this...remember back in the day with the original MOO series that you are looking at the clock; seeing its 11pm...ok just one more turn?...then when you hear the birds tweeting as daylight envelops the room you realize oh no! This game has that kind of pull in my opinion. If you do purchase get your affairs in order, as in no more social life, maybe you will lose your spouse(not always a bad thing I know). Lucky for me my wife works nights! 'nuff said! Easily worth every penny IMO"
76561197964545675,Recommended,446000,31891389,Posted: 21 May,all,Eysteinh,Deep and fun 4x indie game. Strenght lies in the simplification of tedious micro systems and how the focus is on battle and fleet movements. Recommended.
76561197997920551,Not Recommended,446000,28247356,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,ninja368,"Uh it's basically a dumbed down version of risk. Potential, but there's some glaring flaws. The Hive faction is insanely OP, they conquer half the galaxy within 100 turns. They will literally send wave after wave after wave and you wont even be able to put a dent in them. The most annoying part of this game however is the audience meetings. They pop up something like every ten turns and later in the game once you get used to everything you go through turns fast, so literally every every ten turns you have to click through anywhere between 15-25 councilors and ambassadors and you wont be able to continue the game until you do. It's increibly obnoxious. It's almost like a joke in the game because it even says something like ""loads of annoying aliens and citizens will clamour to meet you"" as if the developers new it was annoying as hell but put it in anyway to troll their customers. There also appears to be a bug with two of my fleets, where they will not replenish their ships on autonomous mode, so I end up having to micromanage. Definitely not worth 17 dollars. Maybe if its five, and you're willing to deal with the afformentioned crap."
76561198026394897,Recommended,446000,24367684,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,hulaboy616,this game does what it says it will.  It is a well made game with cool systems and interesting lore.  It makes you feel like you are making big decisions instead of pointless repetitive actions.  I highly recommend this game to any one who enjoys the 4x genre.
76561198019023654,Not Recommended,446000,28805826,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,CavityCommunion,"I became bored very fast. At first it seems a bit overwhelming, but in the end its not. The only time consuming aspect is keeping up your fleets. The events which require choices are uninspired. The various members of your court have no personality of their own, just three numbered stats. I became bored very quickly. Tried watching let's play videos too because, as I said, it seemed overwhelming. Watching the videos augmented by my own playing made me decide to return the game. I bought it on sale and still did not value it. I think this would have been better as a board game with the rules simplified more. Opposing human players you would be talking to/dealing with during the game would make it a lot more interesting. In this case the opposing AIs are interchangable. The text often has grammatical errors and poor choice of language. Though it made me think it might be someone who's first language is not english, so then its actually well done considering.I do concede, if you think this skews my review, that I did not like being at war constantly as the game is designed for it.I wonder if the game's creator wanted to emulate something like Twilight Imperium."
,Recommended,446000,30349818,Posted: 5 March,all,Steel_Fiend,"The game is pretty fun, it has a neat concept and playing on higher difficultys you get really amzing panicky moments tryign to keep your empir in 1 piece. If you really like this type of game, the interesting aesthetic, and the idea behind it is worth but if not I would wait for a sale. Also if you are unsure, buy it and play it for 2 hours and after that you should be able to get a relatively good feel for it. All in all I pretty good game."
76561198078402768,Recommended,446000,30213969,Posted: 26 February,all,solops1,"The more I play, the better I like it...very different from current offerings. It is kind of retro in ways other than the ar. It is very well done for a game in its early life and I look forward to improvements and add-ons. Just starting to play for the first time can be overwhelming, but the best way to learn is to dive in. Even without using any of the ""help"" stuff I have stumbled through and learned easily. Even though the view is supposed to be ""top down"" there is still a lot to do. I found that tracking a lot of massive detail available  reveals a lot of depth. Some micromanagement is available, but you can safely ignore it most of the time, using only high level orders to manage things. This game is for managers and planners. People who want to micro-control or want quick gratification or flashy battles will NOT like this game."
76561197981521246,Recommended,446000,28532094,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Ironclad,Haven't played a lot yet but wanted to give it a thumbs up because it is a lot of fun and well worth $20.  It's an interesting take on 4X games since it's from the Emperor's point of view.  You don't get down in the weeds of planet management and ship design.  I like doing that in some 4X games but this game works well at not having me do those things and focusing on the bigger picture instead.  Recommended.
76561198000231686,Recommended,446000,31050568,Posted: 9 April,all,HazelrahBL,"This is a wonderful edditon to the 4X genre. I love the idea of 4X strategy games but often do not like all of the tedium and minutiae required for modern versions, which leave me feeling like I've barley made progress during my session. But this one makes for a fast pace game where you can see the effects that the decisions have on your empire!"
76561198007263275,Recommended,446000,28230620,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Kalh,"It's a good game, look like the type of game easy to learn hard to master. My first game i got my♥♥♥♥♥kick by the Hive ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Tyranid Swarm) i feel like the difficulty is tied up with who are your neighbour (and what era you start) making each game different."
,Recommended,446000,30852832,Posted: 31 March,all,patt2129,Fun very original game. Confusing at first but easy to learn along the way. Someone needs to make a dune mod of this.
76561198033321486,Recommended,446000,21734233,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,For23,Turn based strategic games just feel better.  This old school space empire game could have the strategic depth to shine over the RTS space empire games.
76561197993245169,Not Recommended,446000,28825178,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Eldaner,"boooriiiing...level of changes during game - zero.5 planets, 50 or 300.... 5 fleets/squadrons or 100.... tech level 1 or 12....all the same....intelligence? diplomacy? forgettactics? forgetsubsidies for planets, governor and officer management (loyalty and so on...) - not needed. make more ships and conquer one planet after another...fleet 1 here, fleet 2 here.... repeat 5 turns later...start next cycle.end game animation? planets/pop/score values and all....P.S. ""You are Emperor so no micro management"".... Lie!Subsidies for planets, offencive fleet movement, stupid random court..."
76561197963664525,Recommended,446000,28220725,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Terkala,"Did you like Stellaris, but wish it had a more interactive storyline than ""choose path A or B""?Did you like Stellaris, but wish the combat system was deeper than just spamming your best ships?Did you like Stellaris, but wish planets had less micromanagement?Then you want this game. Period."
76561198030384427,Recommended,446000,28212653,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Totally Not Alpharius,"My first imperssion is that this is in the same vein as Empire of the Fading Suns and I was relatively right to think so, it's a good mix of simple and complex, simple in that there isn't much microing and a lot of MacroingThings I'd like so see: Miltiary generals (ground forces) to communicate, manipulate, etc. withIt needs more complexty in how you deal with various characters but this is just my initial impression"
,Recommended,446000,30920784,Posted: 3 April,all,Conan,"It is the type of unique empire simulation game I was always looking for. Too often in other games, you are the only competent person within your entire empire, organization, cult or what have you, leaving you to micromanage everything and do menial fetch quests.But not here! Here you truly feel like someone in charge of a huge entity, which your minions left to do your bidding, definitely a worthwhile and refreshing experience."
76561198168693600,Recommended,446000,24330544,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,deoved,This game may became real gem amongst strategy games. I hope it will be completed)
,Recommended,446000,28410151,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Spectrum Disorder,"Brilliant game with all the 'just one more turn' you could ask for. There's none of the horrible micro management too, it's my perfect 4x game. I'm totally addicted and the developer is improving it all the time. Potential for mods too. Totally recommend it."
,Not Recommended,446000,28647253,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Dovenius,"This game is really boring atm, there is micromanagement despite it saying it doesn't. Maybe later it'll get more fun"
76561198048916786,Not Recommended,446000,28816634,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,A Cat,Nope. Too much for a really simple game. Don't get it.
76561197983903934,Not Recommended,446000,28380801,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Kalcifer,"This is basically Risk with incredibly (and surprisingly) annoying amount of micromanagement. If you want to play a 4X space empire game, play Stellaris instead."
,Not Recommended,446000,28735500,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Keyboard Monkey,"Too much micromanagement, very rough graphics, no real learning curve."
,Not Recommended,446000,28215585,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Commandelicious,"If you were thinking about buying this game: Don't.It's terribly frustrating, it's just a constant wave of crap this game throws at you. You are always playing the same stupid mix of Warhammer 40k God-Emperor and Palpatine, all the aliens in this galaxy are utter♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and this one annoying music track seems to repeat every five minutes.Of course you can't rebind keys, why would you?And don't get me started about the price of this pile of wanna be game.If you like scifi and strategy games and some story telling: Buy Stellaris."
,Recommended,446000,31750114,Posted: 14 May,all,atomikkrab,Surprisingly good
76561198009614111,Recommended,446000,29267369,Posted: 15 January,all,Illuminated,Buy Silver...
76561198203525164,Recommended,446000,32849993,Posted: 27 June,all,mcliu5,"-Wants the game-Buys it, didnt really get into it first day becuase it was kinda confusing and stuff at first-Next day plays game and plays it for 2 hours (yay?)-Draw your own conclusionsSo kinda hard to figur eout at first but then is a really fun game.Audiences are a but repeditive though."
76561198037700443,Not Recommended,446000,30179213,Posted: 25 February,all,Cajun,"Advertised as no micromanagement, but all I'm seeing is micro management???????"
76561198039299780,Not Recommended,446000,35106531,Posted: 21 September,all,Groovy Kong,Boring
,Recommended,446000,35173199,Posted: 24 September,all,BOT Rob,"Let me come right out and say it: this game is extraordinarily unique. I remember seeing screenshots for this game before its first sale and just.. pining for it. So attractive for 4x junkies like me.I want to point out that this game handles war and interaction in a way that other games rarely do. You are always at war; there are always border skirmishes. You simply are more or less at war at any given time.I loved that aspect, because you could do a truce or declare a more formal war. Felt really great. Endless Legend does that, but its combat is kinda wonky. In this game you just move the people you want, where you want them, and greatness happens.Pros:Gotta live that god-king life, except you can't do it alone.The game is overall pretty stable & fun to interact inThe empire is well-developed and has quite a few fleets already established. In all space/4x I will play forever from now, I will always name things ""Border Guard X"" - thank you dev, you have changed my life for the betterYou can actually go in the discussions tab and find the dev talking to users about game design - good on you dude!You have to manually click a button to automatically rebalance your fleets. This is a complete waste of the player's time, and if the game wasn't so otherwise great, I would not recommend it. Make sure you rebalance everytime... the dev is a lich who gains strength on seconds wasted to the great question, ""Why does one of my fleets have 40 ships while anoother has 10?"" (don't get mad, dev, your game is good :)).Some of the management is odd - if you have an admiral that's a real POS, you can't fire him without getting a negative bonus with everyone... it's as if the emperor wouldn'tslander him beforehand ;). Sry for spoiler, just thought it would have hella impact.Some of the bonuses in the last audience only lasts for like 3 turns, it would be nice if benefits were for X turns rather than until the next age/era.I recommend this game if you want a unique experience and want to deal with an audience every 10ish turns. :)"
