user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,446390,23358081,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,dest.,"EDIT: I've actually beat the game now, so I can give a little more on it to hopefully help you figure out if it's the buy for you or not.I bought this game as a joke and to support Japanese developers pushing their games in English and to Steam. Turns out, the people who have been buying these games from the start may have been on to something.I AINT GOT TIME TO READ ALL OF THISCool, scroll towards the bottom. I got you.OverallBy no means is this game fantastic, or even one of the best on the market for an action game.BUT, looking at the cover and then reflecting on the experience I had with my playthrough, I'm pleasantly surprised at how much fun I did have with it. The safest way of explaining the type of game it is would be to say it's like Dynasty Warriors but with an available DMC style combo system. At a single time you can control one of four characters and can at times call in the cast of four characters you go through the story with as AI to help you take out bosses/larger groups.Regarding the cast, and ths story in general, it's nothing spectacular, but there certainly have been worse in the past. Zombies are invading Earth and it's up to you in bikinis (well, two of the four in bikinis UNLESS you change their outfits) to put a stop to it. There are fifteen different levels that you'll fight through in order to accomplish this goal, and from what I've seen, three different difficulties for you to tackle to do these levels. It took me almost exactly five hours to clear the story, but I think I'll be coming back to it to explore the previously mentioned combo system and to try and top the implemented leaderboards.HOLD UP. THIS IS A PORTIt sure is a port. And it's a pretty good one to boot. The game won't run above 60FPS without making the game play at 2x speed, etc. etc. Lock it at 60 and you should be good. There aren't any graphics options outside of resolution and brightness, however it's not a fantastic looking game so for most this shouldn't be an issue.For reference, I'm running:CPUIntel i7 4790k @ 4.4GHzGPUEVGA GTX 970 SC EditionRAM16GB of DDR3 @1866MHzIn regards to storage, I played this off of a HDD, rather than one of my SSDs. Load times were never over around 10 seconds, though.Alright, soooo what's good about it?I don't like making lists to convey what's good, but it'll do. I'm lazy.-The combat. It's not the best thing on the planet, but with the character animations, the combo system and the ability to switch between the four characters to use different weapon types it feels pretty damn good. Clearing waves of enemies out isn't the best feeling thing on the planet, but again, it's better than I was expecting.-The art style. Yes, it's full of T&A, however I'm a fan of the character design as a whole. The creatures could have used some work but the playable characters and bosses looked cool. Take note that I didn't keep the bikinis on. I made the squad look like aTRUE SQUADImgur link showin off SQUAD-There's really no reason for the music in this game to be as good as it is. It's honestly going to get a spot on my phone for my workouts. It's honestly pretty great outside of a couple of tracks.CHECK IT-This is kind of an iffy thing for some people, but replay value. It's short enough, has enough upgrades and combos to keep some people coming back and play it on a harder difficulty. I'm sure to come back and play it again at least once, not to mention it's just fun to look at in motion.Alright, soooo what's bad about it?Gonna just make a small list again.-OK, I'm an idiot and didn't realize I could toggle lock on in the settings, but even after I figured that out the camera was a bit poor in some areas and ruined the flow of combat/made it hard to dodge some enemies.-No real graphics options.-The levels look like poo. They look like total garbage and some of them had some confusing/bland layouts. Fix this and the game would be a much easier sell.I AINT GOT TIME TO READ OR ""A CONCLUSION""If you've been waiting for an Onechanbara game on Steam, this is worth picking up. If you're a fan of action games such as Dynasty Warriors and DMC and have been waiitng for a diversion/alternative then it's worth picking up while it's on sale. Don't set your expectations too high, and plan to play through it twice to get the value out of it. The campaign only lasts about five hours. Solid combat, sweet music and some cute girls, but some poor map design bog it down a bit.$20 is the sweet spot for most passerby.But if you know you want it, go $30 to full price.YO, GIMME A NUMBERStop wanting numbers off of reviews. Read some stuff on it, take a look at some videos. It got poor reviews but if it looks interesting to you, it's probably pretty good.DisclosureI bought this game with my own cash, played it on my own time and no one held a gun to my head to write this review.IF ANY OF Y'ALL HAVE ANY QUESTIONS OR SOMETHING, LEMME KNOW. I CHECK THE COMMENTS ON MY REVIEWS AND WILL GLADLY ANSWER THINGS AS SOON AS POSSIBLE. MMMK THANKS FOR READINEDIT: HEY, MY GAME RUNS REAL QUICK WHAT DOTurn on Vsync??? My monitor runs at 120. Turned on Vsync in game and had no issue."
,Recommended,446390,23356171,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,AFarCryAway,"First, I'm new to this series but I am in love with this game already after an hour! I love the combat, the fast character swapping combos, the music, the girls wearing only the most needed clothing items for combat, and all of it! HOWEVER, there are a few issues you need to know before purchasing this game! First, there are NO graphics options at all. So if you do not think your rig is a great gaming rig, I would reccomend buying the game to see how it runs for you, then returning it if it is unplayable. Also, there is a very strange issue with the audio in this game. It chops up often and VERY badly! Not to the point of it ruining the game, but it can get annoying at times. I am playing with a gamepad and there are no complaints from me on the controls. They are fast and feel responsive (no idea how this game is on keyboard and mouse). I hope this review could help anyone on the fence about buying this game :)"
,Recommended,446390,23365866,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Toffa,I finally convinced my mom that im not gay
,Recommended,446390,23358917,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Shaidon,"Despite the jokes and criticisms, the last thing that you will be paying attention is what a girl is wearing, but where the enemies are and how you chop them in half.Blood, gore, silliness and sexiness. Even if you are bothered with some these words, I assume that you are OK with the others."
,Recommended,446390,23490179,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Tayten,"Okay so I want to make this short sweet and simple so people understand.This game is getting less credit then it is genuinely worth, considering it seems half the reviews are from a poor technical standpoint. 144hz monitors issue (which can be fixed) or an issue with no graphics options and people who are using a toaster as a PC clearly cant run it, perhaps they need to upgrade to a potato with a lamp plugged in. Regardless I am going to go over most of the more important points.Gameplay - 9/10The gameplay in this game is phenominal, it truly is insanely addicting and fun. The combat feel smooth and responsive and badass to high heaven. The bosses are fairly fun although some can be a tad tedious at times, and the difficulty is really on point in this game. Along with the option to increase the difficulty.Story - 7/10The story is really fun to watch and listen to in this game and the characters are awesome and really great fun overall. Too bad the story has very little or any effect in the game. The minor cutscenes are really enjoyable but sadly kind of serves as a means of going to the next area apposed to giving you any real emotion or story progression.Story is about 6-8 hours long to play through aswell.Technical - 6/10Yes this is a port so there are bound to be a few issues, this does include the 144hz monitor issue or the speed up issue which can be fixed in literally a minute. The other main issue is that sometimes the in-game sound gets highly distorted. I did not have this happen until I was really far into the game but its as easy to fix as restarting the game again. People will often mention the voices desyncing through the cutscenes. I only had this happen 1 time and then it was fine. Most generally no real issues outside of these minor inconveniences.Fun - 10/10F*** me sideways this game was fun, so sad it is a short game but really every second of it was amazing. Not to mention the replayability of it.Price - 7/10Too short, but too fun.To the people crying over the DLC, guys it's f***ing recolors of the same s*** already in the game. It's just a way to support the developers if you want to. No need to cry about it like some kids trying to get the next call of duty expansion. ;)I hope this helped anybody curious about getting the game but I really do HIGHLY recommend getting it if you have some spare cash despite the amount of negative reviews due to ""minor"" technical issues."
,Recommended,446390,32907845,Posted: 27 June,all,Zoa13Mirabilis,"Another PS4 exclusive title makes the trip to Steam, I actually saw the live action movie before buying this and that was my first snippet into the story, I haven't played the previous titles in the series but I will see if I can track them down or find a let's play of it. Despite the interesting character designs and the cliche & amusing storyline there is a fun hack & slash game underneath the aesthetics. I won't spoil the story for anyone but pretty much if you've played the Devil May Cry franchise or the Bayonetta franchise and you simplify mechanics, ramp up the sexual innuendo and remove any males from the playable cast you have Onechanbara, Vampires, demons & crossbred main heroes.Pros: Once you unlock most of the abilities and get used to the slower combat for a hack and slash it is a great game with actual hidden combos that require specific timing removing the old cheap button smashing other titles have (expect Kagura who if you have technique ring attached can pull off multiple easy cool combos with a simple delay). I actually quite enjoyed the cliche storyline (but I am a Toku fan who had gotten interested from the corny live action movie), kind of like DMC I do wish they had branched into a more detailed story but the comic style panels were a nice effect and the voice overs were amusing to say the least (I prefer the Japanese audio but I did replay in English to see how it was and that was decent too).Cons: It can be slow and difficult at first to get used to combat until you start unlocking more abilities and better weapons. Bosses are easy to beat once you learn knockbacks and the hardest achievements can be done by replaying just after beating a boss (after you get ranked, restart will take you to just before the boss battle and you can rinse and repeat). I mainly used Kagura throughout the game just because she had the easiest to pull off combos that hit for high damage, only used the other characters for achievement specific tasks or just to mix it up a bit. The story is short, I would have liked more detail in the actual story mode rather than in the extras menu but I do get it's a sequel in a series of games and much of the backstory can likely be found in previous titles.Do I recommend this game? For pure mechanics value yes, each character does play differently having completely different movesets, combos and super moves, you don't have to learn the harder combos unless you want the achievement, the story is beatable without it. However if you can't deal with sexual innuendo being thrown in your face, bikini clad women with 'interesting' personalities or if you like a serious in depth storyline then it may not be the title for you. But seriously, just from the screenshots above you'll either be intrigued or uninterested before ever reaching this review so buy and play away."
,Not Recommended,446390,23408007,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,RykerrK,"When this game works, it's pretty gorgeous.  Great special effects; the initial battle doesn't really give you useful information on whether you're ""doing it rite"" or not, but once the game-game kicks in, it's pretty fun.  Flashy, fun combos to string together, both with main and alt characters.  Nice and smooth when it's doing well.Unfortunately this game's got a few too many issues to recommend at the moment.  For no reason whatsoever, if you're not doing something on the controller, the game just slows down to half-speed on me and the audio goes to crap.  The audio goes to crap often, in fact; over-sampled music will crackle on your speakers regularly.  Same with pop-up descriptions and menu.  If you're playing with a keyboard and mouse, good luck.  It sounds like several controls, including quicktime events, remain bound to default controls on KB/Mouse regardless of what you've changed controls to, so that can get confusing.  This was designed for a PS4 controller so some things just don't transfer to KB, or even regular gamepads to be honest.  They'll make mention of the touch pad and you're just staring at your wired 360 controller like ""wat""...Very messy launch for me.  I may pick it up at a discount after they fix it up, but at the moment it's a no-go.  Needs more time to bake.  Looks like it might be fun if they fix it up.Rig:Windows 1016GB DDR, 500GB SSDGeForce 970 GTXAMD FX 8350"
,Recommended,446390,23563276,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,William Shakesman,"That this game is rated lower than Senran Kagura is a crime.Onechanbara Z2 Chaos is very, very good. The action is fast, your movesets are fun, it is somewhere south of Ninja Gaiden in terms of speed and action quality, I mean it, it is that good, except that absolutely none of your enemies pose any threat at all.Onechanbara has been a budget series alongside, and I believe from the same makers of, EDF, and it really has come a long way since the PS2, Wii, 360 era. The protagonists have changed, the maudlin despairing tragedy around half-nekkid action girls killing zombies and killing each other have been replaced with slapstick comedy and half-nekkid girls killing zombies and just trash-talking each other. The combat got the biggest change, ditching the leveling system, ditching the musou nonsense, and really doing its level best to take a swing at the DMC/NG/Bayonetta-esque action fighter.The levels aren't great, the bosses are all tanks that don't stagger at all, the human form bosses still fight like they did in the last games where you could block but all you can do now is dodge so they are kinda wonky, timing-based Cool Combos are still back (Time your button presses on your main attack combo to get faster speed, damage, etc.), and there are a dozen more little niggling things carried over from previous games that were never released in America.But the end result is that this game has extremely good zombie slicing action and gives you a lot of opportunities to slice zombies, blast zombies everywhere, with four girls you can swap freely between or call them all in and swap mid-combo for crazy action... it is an absolute blast to play and far better than it has any right to be."
76561198160868511,Recommended,446390,25503956,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Strayed Lynx,"A very good Hack'n Slash with polished mechanics,nice graphics and a cast of gorgeous female characters."
,Recommended,446390,23413045,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Polo,"I have to recommend this game for two big, well-rounded reasons. The first being the fast and complex gameplay system, that demands skillful play and rewards it with a spectacular zombie massacre. The second reason, of course, is the girls themselves, who aren't only well-shaped but customizable as well.This is without a doubt the breast iteration of this series."
76561197986809410,Recommended,446390,32010088,Posted: 27 May,all,Etuha,"Yes, I am a sad person for liking this guily pleasure. Mindless fighting of strong, sexy, babes in bikinis.. yes please. Come on, you know that is the only reason why you are looking at this game... right now... alone.. in your room. Just itching to click the BUY button... You know you are going to do it. Yes, you. You are."
,Recommended,446390,23386858,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,(PK) Abowlofkimchi,"Was hyped for both this and Senran Kagura. Not disappointed, however, not too proud either. As I've encountered some issues with the pc port of this game (listed below):- No detailed graphic options other than resolution and fullscreen/windowed.- When playing fullscreen, your screen ratio will be 16:9 (borderles) regardless of resolution.- When tab+shift, steam overlay will become stuck sometimes.- Uneven volume; so uneven it may blast your ears at some point if youre using headphones.- If the game is running on the speed of sanic, cap your fps to 60 + turn on vsync- The game is shooooooorrrtBut the performance, is somewhat okay for me since Ive never crashed once. The gameplay is very fun, combat system is fast and fluid. The gameplay may get too repetitive though.Buy if:- you like hack and slash with versatile combat system- youre a fan of this series- 'plot', real plot is non existent tho. I know you weebs would buy anything with anime tiddies anywayDo not buy if:- youre a radical feminist- you dont like repetitive gameplay / grinding"
,Recommended,446390,23641984,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Tentacle Monster,"I don't want to make this review too long, so i'll squeeze it as much as possible.I was a fan of the series since PS2 Simple era, and the only game in the series i haven't played is vorteX, since i don't own an XBOX 360.And i must say - this game is a magnum opus of the series.It's perfect with it's non-stop action with free weapon and attack and even CHARACTER switching (4 characters at once can be on the screen, jesus), number of zombies that can only be outlast by Dead Rising numbers (probably), cheesy and fun story and dialogues, and even the music two, and i don't get me start talking about the costumes of this four babes. (beware, though, Saki is still 16 iirc and i don't know about Saaya), and it's all still being A BUDGET SERIES.God i love Onechanbara.Buy this and you won't ever think about Devil May Cry anymore. I'm serious.And don't even compare to Senran Kagura - SK is a musou type of game while this is character action in it's finest. I like both of them (types and games), but i still know that it's completely different games.p.s.I just wish i could see other games on PC AND in English... or Japanese, i don't mind, just let at least some of them be on PC. I love you, Tamsoft and D3.Please, D3, publish other legendery series of yours on PC, like EDF. It'll be the day earth become heaven."
,Recommended,446390,26684883,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,愛 ♥Imouto-chan♥,"Onechanbara Z2: Chaos might be a little rough around the edges but if you give it a chance to grow on you it's actually an enjoyable experience.This game's story starts immediately from where the first game (Onechanbara Z: Kagura) left off, but you don't need to play it to understand what's going on in this game. With that said the story was definitely not spectacular, both clans of sisters team-up to figure out why the undead are coming back and that is essentially it.As far as gameplay goes this is a fast-paced hack n' slash game, which mixes together both Warriors styled combat and DMC style combos. You'll control either 2 or 4 characters at any moment through the game and can switch between whoever's in your party instantly (even mid animation). There are 16 chapters in the story and some chapters will either have a boss, or several bosses.Depending on the player you might think this game is either content rich or severely lacking because once you beat the story you can either do it again on a harder difficulty or do mission mode. Doing the harder difficulties rewards you with both outfits and items while mission mode rewards you with cosmetic accessories for the girls.Now the controls in this game are very good with a controller, but if you plan on using your mouse & keyboard then I'd recommend you steer clear from this game entirely.Honestly the soundtrack in this game was a lot better than I thought it should have been; aside from a couple tracks here and there it fit the game perfectly.Though the soundtrack is pretty good the game's graphics are rather poor, sure the characters are pretty detailed and the animations are fluid; the environments however are very bland and often depressing to even look at.I would honestly only recommend this game to anyone if it was on a very good sale, even if you're a fan of hack n' slash games."
,Recommended,446390,28341560,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Wonda,"It's a really fun game for casual players.In terms of replayability, this game isn't that great. I've managed to beat normal,hard,violent,and berserk difficulty within 16hours of playtime.After you've maxed out Kagura, the game will become easy to a point where it seems boring. Bosses are extremely easy to kill on any diffculty.(I've killed the final boss and berserk diffucly in 30 seconds...this is just pathetic) The only time that you'd have a hard time on the bosses is your first time playing the game.If you're looking for a challenge, try to avoid buying weapons and rings. The technique ring pretty much breaks the game.Overall, I'd recommend buying this game, it is a really fun experience."
,Recommended,446390,23389416,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,coolRONz,"Have to be honest, I was a little hesitant. Altho not perfect, its not a terrible port or glitchy. Pretty fast and frantic action, if anything, the hits are a little off, not even facing the enemy but still pummelling them to death. its got a tag team element to it, as your other player sits it out, they gain health. So if getting down in health just cycle your players, its a pretty good concept. The story seems quite interesting. Feels a lot like a PS3 title thats 1080P and runs at 60fps. Doesnt seem to require much hardware to run either. I'm honestly surprised how well it ran considering some are having issues. It may just be just a button masher, but the variety of gouls is pretty good. Each fighter has their own style but that makes it interesting, even to the fact that different enemies are weaker against different fighters. This one may not be as polished as Dynasty Warriors/One Peice Pirate Warriors 4, but its just as fun to me. Its a must have for any beat em up fan."
76561197963426636,Not Recommended,446390,24395159,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Zephyr,"Most of you out there interested by this game probably know the general gist of it. Girls in sexy outfits killing zombies and others beasties in an action game reminescent of Devil May Cry. You fight things, they drop orbs, you use the orbs to upgrade stuff.F*** orbs. It's a reference, don't worry about it.So, let's talk about the actual game.First of all, it's one textbook exemple of: Japan can't PC to save their lives. By that, I mean it's a port. And for thoses of you who aren't already grunting, first know that you should, second, know that it means they screwed up with the controls. Again.You see, despite being a PC game, mouse is barely supported for the menus. And even then, it's so minor you can almost do nothing with your mouse. So, mouse and keyboard controls are out of the window already. That's unforgivable in my book, you make a PC game, you make it for mouse and keyboard. No other control scheme will do, because everyone has a mouse and a keyboard when on PC. Not everyone has a controller, nor wants one. And major scoop, you should NEVER NEED one for anything on PC. Anyone who tells you otherwise is not to be trusted. Sure, you can have the OPTION to have a controller, but that's what it should be: An option.In menus, confirm is K, cancel is L. There is absolutely no logic to that, and it can't be changed. Everyone knows the default is confirm is enter and cancel is escape, but no, the guys behind the game don't care. It's like they never used a PC game before. Which is pretty drat shaming when you consider theses guys have a job, which is making them.Not only that, but even after remapping your controls, because let's face it, the default keyboard controls are terrible, EVERY SINGLE PROMPT is described in the game as a controller prompt. Combos are all described with the default keyboard prompts in the pause menu. It gets even worse with QTEs, which are used to kill bosses. First, to initiate one, you need to press I + K. Why? No idea. And it can't be changed. It's super impractical, and require you to be a tentacle monster to be able to include that in a fluid manner in any combo. Then during QTE, you will see a mysterious prompt which is 2 circles, one inside each other. What does it even means? Well, it actually means the reset camera key. Because you see, that's supposed to be the right stick button. Have fun figuring that!But it doesn't stop there, it makes some main functions of the game very annoying. Calling others characters to fight is 2 keys that has to be pressed together, same for stomp, same for self heal, transforming is reset camera plus change lock on target. It's never told to you explicitly either... Expect 30 minutes at least to try to figure out the controls. The lack of proper tutorial doesn't help. You could have solved a lot of problems by allowing to assign ONE key to some of thoses moves. But no, that would require actual effort.Assuming you manage to not want to punch whoever thought they did a good job making this garbage of a control scheme and persevere to learn the controls, and actually manage to make something out of it, you will soon realise something else.The game is short, painfully so. It has 16 levels, some are barely a few minutes long. You have additional mission challenges you can do, but you only need to do the medium difficulty and hard difficulty ones. Past that, the challenges are identical to the hard difficulty one, and give absolutely no reward for completion. So you pretty much only have to replay the game in each difficulty, which won't last long. And it gets repetitive fast.Now, it would be okay if the fighting system was actually good. While it has neat concept, it applies them poorly. Let's go down the list.First, only two characters have a proper dodge. For such a game, you expect a dodging system akin to DMC or Bayonetta. A game where ennemies mostly have tells, and where you can react fast by dodging attacks without breaking your combos and countering. Problem is, Onechanbara has a lot of ennemies, and a lot of visual effects on screen which are pretty much making you blind to anything happening. It's not called Chaos for nothing, I guess. So in the middle of that, it's hard to keep track of say, 25 different ennemies all doing different things so you can dodge attack. Therefore, you will get hit, quite a lot, and apparently you're expected to be hit, because the penalty for being hit is minimal in scoring. So it degenerates in making some fights pretty much a slugfest. It doesn't help only two characters have a proper dodge move. The two others have a small twirling animation which require TWO presses of the evade key, instead of one. Why? No idea. Also, the evade key is also the dash key. Why? No idea.There is a ""cool"" system which reward you for timing your attacks perfectly by increasing your special attack gauge and letting you add powerful moves to the end of your combo if you string all your moves perfectly. Sadly, it's incredibly hard to do by normal means, the timing not being indicated out of practice mode, and not being really synchrone with the animations of the characters. Also, the game can and will eat you imputs anyway.Characters are terribly unbalanced, especially when it comes to comboing, but even in terms of efficiency. Some combos are woefully slow and will have big windup for the last moves causing you to lose your combo if you don't immediatly switch character. Seeing comboing is 80% of what makes scoring, it's not good. The 20 remaining % are for when you need to spam a sub weapon knife attack because it's the only thing  allowing you to make combos without killing weak ennemies too fast.The end result is a globally unsatisfying experience. Basically you will have seen all the game has to offer probably in less than 20 hours of gameplay. And all you will get as reward are customisation items for your 4 girls. The novelty of playing dress up wears off fast, there are plenty of games with better customisation.As it stands, the game is probably worth 12 euros at very best, but I would recommend only getting it at under 10. It's a pretty big disappointement, and an exemple of how Japan needs to get their things together when porting games. Ergonomy is paramount, coming only second behind stability. If you mess up even the basics, don't expect your game to be well received, or its flaws to be forgiven.To put it simply it's a mediocre game. Also, they pretty much try to explain the scenario in the ending credits, with only the characters talking. If that's not lazyness, I don't know what it is. You will feel absolutely no closure when you finish the game and will even be left wondering if the game isn't trying to pull the ""fake credits"" trick on you. But no, that's all there is to it, and it's so very very sad."
,Recommended,446390,23422502,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,MutedSilence,"Being a long time Onechanbara fan (almost since the beginning) I can confirm without a doubt, this is the ultimate, optimal Onechanbara experience. I'm a few hours into the Steam version of Z2 Chaos and I do not regret my purchase, if you love Hack N Slash games you're in for a real treat with this one. This is a revolution in the franchise, a really modern take on the gameplay and in my opinion as a long term fan of the franchise, it was a much needed improvement too.Also, the music is awesome, I love it.Absolutely buy this!"
,Recommended,446390,25837715,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Trash Tier Player,"Onechanbara Z2: Chaos is a hack and slash game where you chop up minions of the underworld.... with scantily clad ladies. Okay not all are scantily clad, but half of the casts are, unless you dress up the other half in similar outfits. Anyway, in this game, you will use your blades or other weapons to dismember, chop, bifuricate, decapitate zombies, werewolfs, gargoyles etc. You get to play as four women, with Aya and Saki making another appearance from their previous Onechanbara games (not on PC), as the representative of a Vampire branch clan called the Baneful, and the newcomers Kagura and Saaya that represents the Vampire clans. Aya and Kagura are the matured women shown on the game cover, providing the role of the big sister, also known as onee-chan (hence the game title), while Saaya and Saki are the younger sisters aka imouto.You hack and slash your way through countless mobs, when they die, they drop few things, such as orbs as a method of currency, where you can buy weapons, consumables and moves. Occasionally they will drop a blood orb, which will increase your character blood meter. Once your character blood meter is full, you can undergo a transformed mode, where you will have super armor, along with a constantly replenishing Ecstasy meter, and Blood Orb will heal you instead. This mode is only temporary though, once expired, you will revert back to normal. The Ecstasy meter is  basically your super meter, the more meter filled, the more powerful your super move will be. Each character have a total of 3 Ecstasy Combinations, though you will have to learn them blood meter. Your weapon will also have a blood meter, the more blood collected on your weapon, the slower and less effective it will be. To remove them, you will need to refresh your weapon, like cleaning it. Another meter present is the Cross Merge meter, where it allows several characters to join into the fray once their Cross Merge meters are full. Plot wise (that plot, not THAT plot), it's pretty straight forward. Go here and there, stop the outbreak, find the source of the outbreak, kill it.Each level may have a boss, sometimes several. To effectively kill bosses, you need to sufficiently damage them, and do a QTE prompt that appears on screen. Some bosses have one prompt only, while some others have several at different HP levels. Failing to do or complete the QTE will allow the boss to recover with a very little amount of HP added back into their HP pool. Basically, as long as you don't do the QTE, they will stay in a stunned mode, until a certain period, where they will recover. This is quite good for farming points, if you are those high score type of player. Some areas have a mini arena where you are trapped until you cleared everything. At the end of a level or area, you will be graded on your performance (how much damage taken, how much points scored, death penalty and item usage).As someone who likes scantily clad girls, they are quite an eye candy, bonus if you got the banana bikini outfit. Hacking and slashing about hundreds of mobs on the same screen is very bloody and frantic, which is fun. Moreso if all the girls are on screen, and each of them doing their own Ecstasy Arts, then it's a beautiful ballet of destruction. All bloodied up, covered with body parts everywhere while the girls are doing their own thing is a beautiful sight to behold. Especially Kagura and Aya, in their bikinis.... I mean outfits. :3However, there are a lot of issues with this game. For starters, they do not support full screen if your resolution does not match the game's resolution option. When I mean this, there will be a black border around your screen, which will effectively screw up the Steam overlay. You can disable the Steam overlay for this, but it's quite annoying. Alternatively, you can played in windowed mode, though your graphics qill be quite grainy. As mentioned, the plot is really simple, which is just an excuse for the girls to fight stuffs. Getting everything may require multiple runs of the story mode or missions, thus it's a mini grind in a sense.Sometimes the game audio kinda slows down when going from in-game to the main menu, kinda like a slow mo music, but it will recover. The AI for a certain boss is pretty odd as it will derp out and just run somewhere, giving you free rein over him. Occasionally, there will be some crashes, but it's really, really rare. Though, when the game was just released, I experienced crashes EVERY SINGLE TIME the save file was loaded. I couldn't get into the main menu. Just an FYI, though I never encounter this crash anymore. The biggest offender this game has is the input displays. Since it's based on a console port, WHY ARE YOU SHOWING ME A DOUBLE CIRCLE INPUT WHEN I AM USING A KEYBOARD?! To make it worse, WHY IS IT BINDED TO NUMPAD 2 when nothing about it is mentioned in the keybinding options?! This is another problem faced by another game that was released at the same time, which was Senran Kagura. It will show you the input for the console controller, but NOT for the keyboard. WHY?! You will have to find out the keys for some QTE prompts via trial and error, which is quite infuriating.Overall, despite the issues faced when I got this game, other than the resolution issue, everything was quite alright. I spent many hours on it, mindlessly killing everything I see in my way, admiring the rear view of Aya and Kagura (sorry Saaya and Saki). I can safely say, if you are into these kind of hack and slash games, with scantily clad women, and also able to play dress up with them, go ahead get this game. Though make sure your parents or other (younger) siblings aren't watching you play this game, due to the excessive blood and violence (and nudity I guess). Also get it when it's on sale, as it's way more worth it then. DLCs... I guess if you are into dressing up. Though I really hope you will have a relatively trouble free playthrough with this game.A 5.5 out of 10 rating from me."
76561198289066012,Recommended,446390,30717206,Posted: 24 March,all,Sun Knife,"Onechanbara Z2: Chaos is a 2014 Action–Hack and slash video game developed by Tamsoft. It's a port from Playstation 4.The game is pure hack and slash with good music, regular story and nice but simple combat. You can upgrade your combos and equipment to focus on different aspects of your playstyle. It's a short game (5 hours should be enough to clear the Normal difficulty) with lots of missions/quests to entretain you for a while and you can prove your worth with the Online Leaderboards. Has five difficulties and dozens of cosmetic unlockables.Good:+The voice acting is very decent. Some are even excellent.+The music is quite good for this type of game.+You can dress your squad as you like.+Lots of missions/quests to give replay value.Cons:-The AI tends to be bad. Sometimes it's Fake Difficulty.-The backgrounds are very outdated.-The sound tends to bug every now and then. Common during loading screens.-The lock-on camera works wonky against certain bosses.-Game is a bit repetitive. Go here, kill that, trackback a single room, kill these, push forward.Overall it's a decent game if you can get it at a sale."
76561198075683173,Recommended,446390,31526877,Posted: 3 May,all,John_Doe,"I have been a fan of this game since PS2 era. So happy when i saw this in steam. I wish the story is a bit longer, but i still enjoy it and some extra stuff you can unlock. Some of the DLC are nice too.Hope they make game like this more."
,Recommended,446390,23492658,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Balakiel ~Sensual Birdfeed~,"It's definitely a huge upgrade from the Wii one.Very fast action game, can get tedious at time walking from wave to wave with very little in the form of anything else, but I feel that way about games like DMC as well and usually take breaks between every 5 or so levels before getting back to it.It's really solid feeling, but I don't have a good grasp on how in the world the ratings system works, sometimes I'll get 3 stars and a really high rating, sometimes I'll think I did horribly but do great.But it has some replay value and some unlockables so that's nice.I missed the boat for getting the game at a cool 27 dollars by one day cause I was waiting on a paycheck, but I think the 40 I paid is still a good value, and I want to support more Japanese games on this platform."
76561198021211341,Recommended,446390,23421693,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,LeeLin,"I love this game,The graphics are not amazing but the gameplay is supreme....and there is no slowdown whatsoever when things get heated,crazy combos ,outrageos supers and lots of replay value ,Highly recommeded"
,Recommended,446390,23434234,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Pixelica,"Don't look at my play time record on Steam.I've played this on PS4, but since I sold my PS4, I bought it again on PCDon't judge the book by it's cover. This game is all about that. The last thing you'll notice are their clothing.This game is so enjoyable yet frustating to someone who don't used to hack'n'slash. There are so many combo to pull and transition between each combo is so fluid.Lot of character customization.For the price they are now, grab them with all the DLC. Totally recommended. Help us encourage more console developer and publisher out there to port their great game.Friendly advice:You must use a controller for this game, or else don't buy it if you don't want to use controller for kind of  game like this."
,Recommended,446390,23429420,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Space Bear,"This game is a lot like playing a so bad it's good late 80s OVA. You got blood, melons, and great lines such as ""Hey funbags! Wake up ♥♥♥♥♥!"". To top it all off you have a combat system that's like a mix between Dynasty Warriors and Devil May Cry keeping you entertained in between all the coconut filled insanity."
,Recommended,446390,29269647,Posted: 15 January,all,Nitro,"English :Onechanbara Z2: Chaos is the latest entry in the Onechanbara series which have mostly been released in consoles (PS3/Xbox360). It's story is based on the rest of the series even though it's pretty independant and reaaaally short, you don't really need to play the other Onechanbara games to understand what's going on.+ This game is really fast paced and as you start the game you lose yourself pretty quickly and you don't really catch what you're doing. Everything is slightly explained at the beginning with tons of texts but you'll get used to it and you'll understand that it's pretty simple actually.+ Just like DmC you have a few possibilities of different combos for each character you play and each weapons they use. Each combos need a certain timing to execute one more attack *COOL combination* (assuming you've bought all the character's moves). The game's mechanics are pretty simple and enjoyable and will give you hours of fun.- I still have to say that the game is really short and doesn't provide a lot of content except DLCs for clothing. In my opinion it's a little bit too expensive for what this game really is.Français :Onechanbara Z2: Chaos est le dernier volet de la série Onechanbara qui ont été pour la plupart sortis sur consoles (PS3/Xbox360). L'histoire du jeu est basée sur les volets précédents mais est en soit indépendant et trèèèès court. Il n'est tout de même pas nécessaire de jouer aux versions précédentes pour comprendre ce qu'il se passe.+ C'est un jeu de combat très rapide et c'est pourquoi au début du jeu on se perd assez vite dans la masse d'ennemis et on ne sait pas trop ce qu'on fait. Tout est expliqué au début dans une multitude de lignes de texte ce qui n'arrange pas trop les choses. Mais on s'y fait vite et tout devient très simple.+ Tout comme DmC il ya quelques possibilités de combos pour chaque personnages et pour chacune de leurs armes. Les combos sont exécutés avec un certain timing pour pouvoir développer une dernière attaque (à partir du moment où l'on a acheté tous les coups du personnage). Les mécaniques du jeu sont très simples, il y a moyen de s'amuser quelques heures.- Il n'empêche que le jeu est très court et n'a pas beaucoup de contenu excepté les DLC qui donnent accès à des vêtements. Le prix du jeu reste un peu cher quand on voit ce que c'est vraiment."
,Recommended,446390,23636222,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,gr33n,"Been a fan since the first release on PS2 with the Simple 2000 Series. I was very happy that they finally released one for PC. The game is quite enjoyable if you like hack&slash, beautiful protagonist, zombies or the combination of these. The story is typical (so far), but spices it up with variation of intro, comic cuts and general conversations between the characters.When I first bought this game, the first intro was unwatchable and the game just did not run smoothly enough, but thanks to the patches it almost runs normally.Pros:Nice graphicsSlightly erotic girlsMass fightingCons:Audio fails during screen changes (it sound like you are in a hangar), which caused the game to crash for me during some introsFPS drops sometimesFull screen mode has a widowIt feels like it is running on an emulatorIt has some flaws but if these will be fixed with patches in the future the game has potential. Please fix these issues, because I really liked it so far! Cheers"
76561198036567375,Recommended,446390,23411342,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,magnus0073,I have been eagerly awaiting for ONechanbara to have a release on pc and flopped down the money for this one and all the dlc. This game was everything I was hoping for and I am waiting for them to toss out more dlc so I can scoop it up.
,Recommended,446390,28113465,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Feng,And they say money can't buy happiness. Hah
,Recommended,446390,23356413,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,King Of Kings,"Another Sony PS4 console game bring to PC port.It does what it does well enough, but if you are going into this game know what you are getting : Girls, Bikinis, and Zombies. The game does a good job making you feel strong and brutal and lets you decimate hordes of monsters to a surprisingly awesome soundtrack (some have a persona-esque feel which is great). If you like the off-center games that SUDA51 produces, you will likely enjoy this as well.Pros: Good models for the characters, Satisfying combat, Music was well done, overall good time killerCons: No real story / you need to know previous game lore to understand some things, environments old and simple, you can get stun-locked pretty easy if you miss a dodge or strike, AI is pretty dumb.Is better on controller because of camera movement.I would give it 7.5/10"
,Recommended,446390,32900769,Posted: 27 June,all,High Impact Sexual Violence,"a pretty fun game, and i finally proved to my friends that i am straighter than a flagpole"
,Recommended,446390,28611629,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Sekuhara sama,"This game is a fast paced button masher hack and slash game. The story is fun the missions do become hard after a while  so its not breeze through the story easily.Only down sid is the controls ARE THE WORST CONTROLS EVER! The buttons are everywhere such as needing to use Q and V along with I,O,L,K, with the standard WASD for movement. This is made worse by D3 thinking the best way to change the camera would be with numeric keys on the keyboard to change camera angles as 8, 2, 6, and 4. You really need 3 hands to play this game if you want to use a keyboard and a Razer Nega mouse with keys on the mouse doesn't help at all either. The only way to play this game is get it for PS4 or buy a controller to play it on PC.Other than that which is major issue as most pc players never want to touch a controller though they work better for games like this than a keyboard it will give you a lot of mindless fun to hack and slash even berzerker your way through the game."
76561197976794215,Recommended,446390,34861871,Posted: 10 September,all,Jewce86,"This game is way under rated. I dont have much more to say besides its an absolutely incredibly entertaining piece of software that any fans of DMC should pick up. I never, ever, push myself to get unlocks and achievements but this title got me doing it.The combat is fast and fluid. The graphics of the character models and combat are fantastic and high resolution, however the enviroments are decidely low resolution but  very varied. This actually doesnt subtract from the fun I had, because the combat kept me well occupied.Onechanbara Z2: Chaos has sass and style for days. The banter the ladies say between eachother is at often times hilarious.The fighting is also very deep too, and provides a comprehensive training option to get the timing for the ""COOL"" moves down pat. These are some of the most deep mechanics i've experienced since DMC and trust me, you will never master all of them as each of the characters has a different moveset, pre and post transformation.Anyway, long short, this game is good. Yeah it looks like its shovel ware, lewd ware etc, But get past that and you're in for an excellent time. Cannot recommend this enough, Oh and the music, just wow.+1. 9/10"
76561198027795495,Recommended,446390,23435004,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,scionus99,"Had problems initially but it works perfectly after last patch,"
76561198040659283,Recommended,446390,24749643,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Master_Michl,"buy during a sale don't plan on completing all the extra difficulties.had a blast playing through the story plus a bunch of the challenges, but that probably wont take you longer than 5 or 6 hours"
,Recommended,446390,23379549,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,BeijiWeng,I loved the first Oneechanbara that I played the game changed and I like this game even understanding that is not the same ... the first game I played i Wouldnt classify as a hack and slash there was no dash and many DMC or Byonetta aspects. and you pretty much ignore every enemy going on a ♥♥♥♥ing rampage spamming buttons sometimes you dunno wtf your pressing. but yeah still awesome game.
76561197995328946,Recommended,446390,30933986,Posted: 3 April,all,PRIVATE noEYES,"JUST BUY THIS GAME!!!Good action, sexual stuff, and gore. Get DLC if you want sexy outfits. Need to buy games like these so they can make sequels or more games like this."
,Recommended,446390,23364966,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,-stizzo-,"It's a simple and fun game where you hack-and-slash zombies.  The Movements are very flashy, it controls well, and has plenty of eye candy.  This is pretty much what Randy Pitchford would refer to as a ""greasy cheesburger.""  Not exactly fine dining, but you might enjoy it anyway.As for the downsides this is a rather rough port.  There aren't any graphics options to scale for lower-end systems (like my laptop, I have to play this game on my PC).  Also the game seems to not do fullscreen very well as there is a black border around the picture.  On the gameplay end, combat is fun, but the level designs are amatuerish at best.  A series of rooms that have you fight one horde of enemies after the next without anything to break up the monotony.  This game is definitely an improvement, but still has a lot to learn from games like DMC, Bayonetta, or even Ninja Gaiden.Overall, I recommend the game, but only if you are looking for a bit of fun from what is a budget title.  If you already own the PS4 version (like I do) or if you are looking for the next Bayonetta you should skip this game."
,Recommended,446390,23367448,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Gu,"Pretty fun and straightforward hack n slash game. Play as four young skimpy ladies and mash combos. You can play barbie with them - customize their appearance with new cosmetics acquired by clearing missions. You can upgrade combos, weapons and boost item simply by playing. Trying to achieve that sweet v-rank should give players some replay value.Note that there are some minor issues like audio problem at certain parts, controller binding doesn't show symbols, max resolution is 1080 and too much DLC."
,Recommended,446390,23379310,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Mew,"The gameplay is a lot of fun, the characters are cute and the music is nice. What more would you ask for?"
76561198183455785,Recommended,446390,24266460,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,thejofloch,"Onechanbara Z2: Chaos is the latest entry in the Onechanbara series. The Vampiric sisters and two legendary zombie-hunting sisters of Baneful blood join forces as a taskforce known as the Zombie Punitive Force to fend off the undead army in one hell of a crazy game. At first you might get a little wierded out by the enormous amount of fan service provided but fear not, don't get fooled by such details, what makes this little gem spetial is it's amazing gameplay with countless zombies to fight and amazing hit combos for you to learn. Of course it's not a perfect game, graphics are not always easy on the eye, it might get confusing at moments, fan service can be quite distracting and sometimes the camera just gives up on normal angles but what did you expect, it's japanease. Other than that, it gets a solid 7.5/10 on my part."
76561198410781056,Recommended,446390,34157939,Posted: 10 August,all,Reconquista,"Bought this game because of the characters, didnt think about the gameplay so much in first place. I have to admit I love the gameplay (and of course the nice girls). Gameplay is fast and brutal, it chills me to shred the enemies with Saayas chainsaw apart. If you love Hack and Shlash give the game a try, if you love♥♥♥♥♥♥and girls without much clothes and hack and shlash is fine for you too, hell buy the game it's better than my fap sessions and I sleep like a baby again."
76561198059178648,Recommended,446390,23368821,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Souryugazan,"I bought this game thinking I would give it a try and ask for a refund if I'm not satisfied, considering it's a hack & slash. So far I am 100% satisifed with my purchase. And also, considering it's a game I bought on steam, I might actually finish it XD"
,Recommended,446390,33094309,Posted: 1 July,all,Uzumaki Naruto,Devil may cry Ver. Female :)like this game 8/10 play for funGG!
76561198267600918,Recommended,446390,23400803,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,King Godler,"WoW! Best hack n slash game Ive ever played! Why? Because zombie hordes, dismemberments, gores and katanas thats why! Hell, more enjoyable than DMC and GoW to me. My only problem is: with a gtx 980m, fps is solid 60 all the time but when all 4 chars cross merges, fps dips to 45-55. No audio desync for me.QTEs:Arrow: A W S DCircle: Numpad 2Split arrow: numpad 6 and ATransform: X and numpad 2Quick starter guide: Buy in-game item Technique ring (greatly increases attack speed, decreases wear rate, extend combos and slightly increases power ) as soon as possible and:Equip on Kagura and use Barbarian blade: to feel like Kratos on roid rage!Equip on Saki and use Crow: to feel like DMC Dante doing infinite Overdrive with NO charge time!Equip on Aya and use Single sword style: to feel like DMC Vergil doing power attacks, Iaido slashes!Equip on Saaya and use chainsaw: lolipop chainsaw with crazy range and attack hits?Then breeze through all difficulty levels."
76561198056928006,Recommended,446390,23370858,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Dark Firebrand,"Bit scratchy in the dialogue sections, slight hiccups in the intro scenes, but otherwise works great, I think i just barely meet the requirements for cpu.  There are almost no settings to change besides resolution and fullscreen, so be sure you're over the min specs.Other than that, scantily clad girls you will pay almost no attention to as you're bisecting zombies and demons and showering yourself in blood.  Literally, being stained in blood is a mechanic."
76561197964798094,Recommended,446390,23361192,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,MadAsAHatter,"I already played this on the PS4 without the English voiceover.This is as trashy as it gets. Imagine Lollipop Chainsaw goes anime. The story is borderline crap, there is total chaos on screen and the chicks wear paint stains or tropical fruits on their private parts. But the visualy are nice and the gameplay is hillarious with tons of weapons, combos, costumes and equipment. Just don't play this with any females around you to avoid discussions about how low the standarts in video games have fallen regarding gender representation."
,Recommended,446390,23363602,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,DarthRutsula,"I was a fan of this series 1 day before this game came out. Graphics look really good, like something I would expect from an arcade, which is also what this game feels like: an arcade game. There wasn't anything I had to change for my PS4 controller, though I find it odd that in order for me to navigate a menu I need to use both keyboard and controller, and I found out that the game doesn't recognize my dualshock's D-pad, which is okay since the arrow buttons on a kb are right there.Oh and the customization, lets just say I was able to put a pair of glasses over some nipples."
,Recommended,446390,23485091,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,MonkeyBone,"Pretty good. As much depth as a puddle but you don't buy it for that. Fast combat, fast girls, costume customisation, and lots of blood. Reccomended if you're looking for that action game fix."
,Recommended,446390,23369270,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,halbe,"The game is a lot like Bayonetta in a good way, aside from the surface elements of scantily clad female protagonists, you've got a pretty similar setup for the gameplay and it even has something along the lines of witch time dodging on two of the characters. If you like over the top Japanese action games, you'll probably like this with a couple caveats.PROS:Crazy fun combat that has more depth to it than you might initially assumeVaried enemy designHas the option for Japanese audio (and text even)Strange but super fun musicCONS:Huge info dump on how to do absolutely everything in the gameplay right when you start, you will not be able to memorize all of it at once and I'm not sure if there's a way to bring it back outside of restarting. I restarted and took pictures of the screens to use as reference for later.Dialogue moves super slow and you can't speed it up without skipping it entirely, I usually end up doing thatNot a very high budget game so don't expect a lot of scripted action sequences outside of boss fightsEnvironments look like they belong on the PS2 (very low detail/resolution)Some port problems, it runs fine for me but if you have a monitor greater than 1080p it will still only display at 1080Enemies will sometimes get stuck in the geometry, this hasn't broke the game though since it just makes them very easyNEUTRAL:English translation can be hilariously poor at times, I find that entertaining but some might nottl;dr super fun gameplay and music with minor technical and budget problems.If this already looks like the kind of game you'd be into, then you'll probably like it a lot."
,Recommended,446390,23846075,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Ríκudöu Hîκó Sēìjurö,♥♥♥♥and ♥♥♥♥♥♥s.Lots of blood and gore.Cheese conversations.DLC for fruit-outfits.Best game for perverts. 10/10
,Not Recommended,446390,24175022,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Ahab,"I had this game, then returned it while it was still eligible.The characters you control have genuine depth to their combo potentials, with all sorts of sick♥♥♥♥♥tech to figure out for yourself. Unfortunately, everything else was ♥♥♥♥ing garbage about the game. The AI is so ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and the boss confrontations are so bland and inconsequential that I felt as if I was assaulting a burlap sack filled with infant amputees.Waste of potential. An absolute infuriating waste of potential. Give these dev's a real budget, time, an AI programmer who isn't your ♥♥♥♥ing unpaid intern cousin, and an art director who has both of his eyes, and tell them to come back with a quality product.I get it, this is a budget title. But since when was that an excuse for a final product that feels like a half hearted attempt?"
,Recommended,446390,23418918,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Trombe,"Good port.Rock solid 60 fps at 1080p.To display proper keyboard prompts you need to switch control type in menu.Surprisingly in-depth combat system.Fun game, highly recommended."
,Recommended,446390,27066900,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hey! Its Yoshino!,"I'm a simple man, I see boobs, I play with them-I MEAN I PLAY A GAME WITH THEM-WAITWAITWAITWAIT I MEAN I PLAY A GAME WITH THEM IN IT!If there is one thing my♥♥♥♥♥♥♥hates more than me wearing pants while playing this game, its my wallet. How am I suppose to explain this purchase to my banker. I'm just a man, a simple little man. I never stood a chance."
,Recommended,446390,26554746,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Panty McSpankybuns,SOMETHING'S RISING AND IT'S NOT JESUS﻿
,Recommended,446390,24090006,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,archaznable,This is a game where you can have some mindless fun that can be played over the rest of the weekends.The game feels like a lot of games like Metal Gear Rising Revengance + Bayonetta + Left 4 Dead + Lolipop Chainsaw + Dead or Alive + Dynasty Warriors + DmC.
,Recommended,446390,23383439,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Buff Beefbroth,"Just plain fun. Fast, exciting, stupid, cheeseball, B-movie action accompanied by joyously junky pop rock tunes.In a way, it feels like the sort of game you'd play in the arcade, or like something from the Dreamcast days. Imagine if House of The Dead was an action brawler and had more bikinis. It just has that sort of fun-focused, campy feel to it.Combat is flashy without being braindead, and surprisingly deep without being too convoluted. Controls are responsive, and don't get in the way of letting you master the various combos, weapon switches, and character swaps. There's also a bit of an upgrade system, and you get to play dressup with all four characters.The port itself is... let's say, acceptable. Graphics options are limited to resolution (with a max of 1920x1080), but it is at least stable and runs at a good clip. Graphics outside of character models and animations are pretty garbo, but that almost ends up being part of the charm.I'm totally new to the series and am glad I took a chance. Maybe you should do the same?"
,Not Recommended,446390,23830460,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,LordLiquorich,"This game is gloriously cheesy and I love it...but I can't recommend it.Never mind the objectively bad UI design that...well, I imagine plagues the console. Trust me, it's bad UI even for console standards.Nope, the reason I can't recommend it is because of performance issues.There is a lot going wrong with this game, but if you can't even play it, then who cares.PCGamingWiki confirms AMD users will (most likely) crash after the intro video. However, I am not an AMD user and currently I am still experiencing trouble loading the game after the intro videos. I believe this is a problem with running the game on a 21:9 monitor. Earlier I was able to get to the menus and play the first couple levels no problem, at that point I changed the game to fullscreen, 1920x1080 (black bars on the side).Later, when I booted the game up, I am now unable to get to the menus.For how lack-luster the port is (and shame on the dev for such a crap port), I still have really wanted to play the game since I saw it's launch, unfortunately at this time is is unplayable.Guess it's back to my WiiU and Bayonetta if I want high-octane, sexy-girl action."
76561198045285245,Recommended,446390,23590141,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Ellipse,"Got it on ps4, it's goofy, it's fun, and I luv it. Had way more fun with my short time playing it than I have had with games I've poured hundreds/thousands of hours into. If you like dumb samurai slashing nonsense like I do, you'll arguably enjoy this. Also you can customize the characters looks with unlocks so if yer not a fan of the bikini aspect of the game you can change that; or make it worse...weirdo."
,Recommended,446390,30853217,Posted: 31 March,all,RAZERKhas,"Not a bad game, price should be lower though, max resolution is 1080p."
,Recommended,446390,24851823,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Gamerz-Zone,"Do you like devil may cry, do you like ladies, this game combined twoI recommend this game to anyone who like to kill monsters like devil may cry"
,Recommended,446390,23464241,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,jchat,"I love slash, so this game is really cool!If you like slash Play right Now!!"
76561198065767345,Recommended,446390,23375339,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Velentala,"Character acion and fan service, need I say more?"
,Recommended,446390,23797406,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Kato,Such a good game.
76561198129920800,Recommended,446390,23460490,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Tisoy,I can put toast anywhere
,Recommended,446390,23608203,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Ryzen_Core,"Pretty *D*a*m*n* (DARN) F'ing Greadly good, needs a bit better graphics, llike a DX12 Update option, more Graphics options for Higher end Graphics Cards like a Radeon R9 290 + 2GB-4GB no more than 4GB tho as thats all my card has .. :( but its definitaly a great GPU....more updates....PS, maybe add a lot more sexier costumes ( NO NOT BIKINIS & NOT NUDE,Bikinis Are great dont get me wrong..) but id like to see long & Straight Hair DLC with Color Options from.....Red, Jet Black, Darkish medium Dark Blue & Pearl Blue(Darkish),mylikeable options, maybe Grey,Silver, pink, ect. like Anime Hair Colors, wierd but cool as hell looking colors..but love the game, havent played not even an hour & i Fu*c*k*ing LOVE this game... yeah it lacks Graphics Options, but with an AMD GPU, If your card can handle the settings and have the new Radeon Software Crimson Drivers, just make a darn Profile in Radeon Settings and set everything to the max that your card/GPU can handle, AF @ x16, AA Supersampling and set to max to what ur GPU can handle, change the ""Texture Filtering Quality"" to HIGH, not standard or performance just set to ""HIGH"".*Enable Morphological Filtering (HAS LITTLE TO NO PERFORMANCE IMPACT) similar to AA post process based aa i think..might have it backwards, idk or rememberset Tesselation from ""AMD Optimal"" to ""OVERIDE APP SETTINGS"" & SET TO X64 or 64x thats it better quality..keep up updates and DLC, DEV, & Publisher..."
,Recommended,446390,23591398,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,FunLightDog,It is really good combo with kill zombies and sexy
76561198048899627,Recommended,446390,23770025,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Claude Poirier,"I'm a big fan of the serie. Let's be honest: what you see is what you get. Fan service + Hack 'n' slash + blood = Onechanbara. If you didn't play the other games, you will understand the ""story"" quite fast.The level are short. It's the perfect game if you don't have much time to play game."
,Recommended,446390,34730710,Posted: 4 September,all,Pomf,Saki is best girl
76561198037648018,Recommended,446390,23390404,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,MDK1311,"This game is about gender equality and anti-misogyny, and is clearly aimed at a feminist public. This game also strives for halting sexism and considering women in games as lust objects...The above statement a part, I recommend this game because it is just mindless fun, with rather mediocre graphics but it hosts a solid fighting system, easy to learn but challenging to master. (8/10 for me)"
76561198088045666,Not Recommended,446390,23429306,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,lolicon09,"Can't play because it crahes after one second of intro video or when i try to skip it. And looks like that many people suffer the same or similar issuesRight now, i can't recomend it. Hopefully they will fix those problems."
76561198044655462,Recommended,446390,29910320,Posted: 13 February,all,GrimZypher,game is repetitive as ♥♥♥♥!but boobs...10/10 would take skimpy outfits again
76561198118479071,Not Recommended,446390,32794303,Posted: 25 June,all,Ravin Blackhart,"major audio issues, please fix this broken game. I can't watch certian cinimatics and the terrible audio chopps up all the fun possible from a hack'n shash game..."
76561198059358921,Recommended,446390,26331590,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,hightime1011,This game is amazing fun fun fun!   Vampire! Power!
76561198006831792,Recommended,446390,24138193,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,N_Mandrag,I ordered cheesecake. Got cheesecake.I find the DLCs a bit too pricy for what they offer though.
76561198028623703,Recommended,446390,23829066,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,darkestdays0,My right arm is really buff now.
,Recommended,446390,23526318,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Moe,"A must play for any hack and slash fan, though if you're not really into fan service I would wait for a 70-90% discount. But if you're in it for the ecchi this game delivers.I've written a review here if anyone wants to read.http://moeshi.com/2016/06/12/onechanbara-z2-chaos-review/"
76561198194659523,Recommended,446390,23566092,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,spartanryan,Storyline kicked♥♥♥♥♥ not to methion the 'To Die For Music'!!!!!
,Recommended,446390,24070372,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,_^ace^_ pubgjackpot.com,good game good fighting in the game!
,Recommended,446390,24006196,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Pixelationist,"Been on this series since the PS2 days, sooooo glad that it finally made it to PC, thanks D3!!!"
76561198156060583,Not Recommended,446390,23362425,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,darkdaved,"I'm rewriting my review, something I don't normallyy do with games. Why? Because this is some really shoddy crap, not worthhy of the Onechanbara series.The gameplay itself is pretty good. Smooth and well done with awesome attacks and combos and whatnot. It's just that gameplay isn't easy to get to because of glithces, bugs and constant crashes.Now I know why there was a delay. It was the CEOs asking ""Can we really put out this unfinshed game and get money for it?""And their answer was: ""There's a sucker born every day.""I got the game and it's DLC, which is pretty fapworthy, with the opening day discount and still feel ripped off. They could have done so much better."
76561198060048261,Recommended,446390,28221464,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,PINK,"Lol, nude mods and I don't even care about collecting the rest of the costumes anymore :3"
76561197987071663,Recommended,446390,33601875,Posted: 16 July,all,kanesaref,great game
76561198080845594,Not Recommended,446390,24495406,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,dawnite,Gameplay is quite similar to DMC. but the control are not as tight as DMC and the camera is giving me a headache.I really like this game but i cannot really recommend it.
76561198005920534,Not Recommended,446390,23483389,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,ghostly909,"Gameplay is how i expected,good for a laugh.The only real killer for me is only partial keyboard mapping,and NO mouse use whatsoever.If only there was the option to use keyboard and mouse(including mapping of mouse) it would be excellent,as it is very so so.Can't recommend for anyone with just keyboard and mouse.It would be nice if a fix came out to allow mouse and more redefinable options,then i'd recommend."
,Not Recommended,446390,24367939,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Lucifer Synd,"After purchasing this game, problems started. My controller was never fully recognized, I could not use every single function of the game because of it, fights were frustratingly hard and unfair since I couldn't switch characters nor use certain simple things such as choosing what skill I wanted to use.It would have been a great hack and slash experience if things worked out. Gladly, I got my refund."
76561198082519728,Recommended,446390,23730329,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,alexyan,great game as it have lots of different ultimate skill and make the way playing fun
,Not Recommended,446390,32743207,Posted: 24 June,all,ti1706,"My Saturday:Bought hack 'n slash game expecting to hack 'n slashSpent 4 hours trying to fix its various bugsPlayed 30 minutes with bugs still presentGave up and refundedThere are two major issues with this port. First, it doesn't support resolutions above 1080p. Second, it's plagued by a sorta-common audio bug where it splutters and stutters for 10 seconds whenever you enter a menu or load a new stage. Note, the game itself doesn't slow down... just the audio.Neither of these issues will be fixed... as they've both been present (according to the forum) since day 1.For those who REALLY want to make it work, there's a patch (see below) available online that can help with the resolution... but you'll probably still be getting yours ears shred every time you enter a menu.Oh, and it's also a DX11 game... which means you can't use GeDoSaTo for downsampling or post-processing.Link to the patch:http://forums.guru3d.com/showthread.php?p=5381043#post5381043"
,Not Recommended,446390,23638125,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,FiReWaTeR,"this is a fun game, if u liked other games from this series u will like this 1. i have to give a thumbs down because of how bad of a job the makers did porting it to pc. the music gets choppy often, some cut scenes play in a small box in the left corner of my screen, and it crashes from time to time. if u got a play station get this game for it and not pc seeing how the makers didnt put any effort into porting it to pc. im also♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥there are skins in cut scenes that cant be used ingame without dlc"
,Recommended,446390,23356559,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,King Weeb,"boobs, boobs, boobs, eh? Zombies!?!? Good Game 10/10~! (for real tho if you like good a hack and slash game with numerous combos and sexy girls. Then this game is for you.)"
,Recommended,446390,23363996,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,"A2, 2B, 9S",Sexy.
,Recommended,446390,23356453,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Emiya Muljomdao,Devil May Cry with Boobs and Panties11/10Wtf am i doing with my life ffs.
,Not Recommended,446390,23402886,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,陳先生,Its unplayable with a keyboard.I expected camera movement with a mouse at least....but i got camera movement with numpad instead -.-
,Recommended,446390,31653203,Posted: 9 May,all,Nakano Azusa,Good game
76561198179539910,Not Recommended,446390,23370203,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Agus_Sudarsono™,"Well, i need to get fix patch for crashing at movie prologe espacially AMD user (well maybe never becouse only some of them then the other fine) waste of money to get no perfect game .... orz no recomended if you are AMD user"
,Not Recommended,446390,23431326,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Tron,"crashing. crashed. crash.these are thw words of the dark ones, spells that lead only to pain and suffering. the crashpocalypse has arrived, and chooses the form of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and cute girls. run run in fear, of its dark heart, its malice and desire to consume all."
,Not Recommended,446390,23369851,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Zerodyme,"I played this series from the Simple2000 on the PS2 to Z1 on the PS3 and also the Xbox360 one. This game turned me from fan to hater. The control are broken, enemy are buggy and often throu wall. The storyline make me want to kill the character. This is my last Oneechanbara game ever, i'm going back to Senran Kagura at least their game work as intended and isn't Day1 DLC fest."
,Not Recommended,446390,23634726,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Monsterparty,"Audio was all like BXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXCHT in the results screen, equivalent to the brown note, found myself ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ uncontrollably, refunded ASAP, ran out of pants."
,Not Recommended,446390,23429132,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Greslus,"With the amount of content in the game (5 Hours of campaign with only a few unlockable costumes completing ""side quests"") It's at most a 15$ game hiding as a 40$ game with DLCs tagged at 25$ and more coming coupled with a horrid port. What a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥And I thought the PS2 game of this series was amazing. You Japanese never learn, do you? Good port first then make the DLC pricing generous you retard."
,Recommended,446390,23736964,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Law212,http://akoliotassis.blogspot.ca/
,Not Recommended,446390,33182271,Posted: 3 July,all,凹口凸口凹口凸,Half-naked vampire girls fight hordes of zombies. I'd say game is quite fun but too expensive.Port quiality is quide low.
,Not Recommended,446390,23415973,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,LOOK WHAT YOU MADE ME DOOOOO,"Let me preface by saying this: as an unashamed fan of the original Simple 2000 series PlayStation 2 titles, I was very much looking forward to finally having a chance of playing this. Trashy and monotonous but easy to pick up and satisfying as hell; that's theOnechanbaraI know.Or knew. Overcomplicated combat, annoying boss battles, irritating music and none of the low-budget charm to boot; what happened here? Why does this latest entry try so hard to undo what the series at one point did right?It's pretty for what it is, sure, and I didn't experience any of the technical issues others had, but that doesn't make up for all the other failures brought on by a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥attempt at evolution.In short: don't fix what isn't broken."
,Not Recommended,446390,23773441,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Aseinsha,Game is incredibly shallow for price... the only good thing is the 60FPS.Do not buy.
,Not Recommended,446390,23999229,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Sapaieo,Controls are ♥♥♥♥ed up... Had no fun using Keyboard
,Recommended,446390,23355962,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,[SMC] Raptor,"I was going to write a joke review about my right hand disappearing and my left hand having trouble coping with the sudden, unexplained disappearance.Then I realized how god damn amazing this game is and I know exactly where my right hand went.It's on my steam controller (which for once I didn't even have to spend an hour screwing around with to get it to work properly!) playing the game along with my left, you perverts."
76561198052911635,Not Recommended,446390,31329892,Posted: 23 April,all,c01011101,"be warned: this game does not let you use your mouse.Unless you're committed to get console controller, this game is not going to work out for you.on top of standard wasd, attack buttons and camera control are mapped as keyboard keys, and it won't let you map your mouse keys as input."
,Not Recommended,446390,27349248,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Phlanka,"Attempting to play on MSi Laptop with Nvidia gtx970m and intel hd graphicsGraphics is glitchy, poorly drawn, resolution STILL hasn't been fixed when attempting full screenWorks great with Intel HD graphics, attempting to switch to nvidia gtx970 causes problems when it shouldn't"
76561197974084922,Not Recommended,446390,24592386,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,EndlessFragment,"Mediocre to poor game that they hope you don't notice as they try to distract you with boobs. The first boss in Japan I ran into didn't even attempt to hit me after the first phase. It just kept jumping off the boat, walking across the boat, and jumping back off. Laughable.If you're looking for a good hack and slash/beat em' up go for the DmC games."
,Not Recommended,446390,30762711,Posted: 26 March,all,FreeWilly,Shoddy PS4 port.  I get a black screen at startup.  Unplayable.
76561198090000396,Not Recommended,446390,26473146,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,giantORC,"The only thing I want from this game is some half naked girls, and tons of fan services.but with this horrible graphic, can't even see a clear pantie shot...Pixel, pixel everywhere! Was I playing Minecraft?So refund!"
76561198125552952,Not Recommended,446390,23459325,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Ri-chan,"Awful game. Looks terrible, bad storytelling, sloppy terrible combat, boring as old hell. I struggled to make myself play it for at least half hour and i made it 25 minutes--10 of which you spend reading story(which is fine) and then your first fight is basically getting knocked around until you fiddle enough with the controls that the section ends. I made it to the first boss area and was so bored by the sloppy combat. The game feel is rotten. Character designs are cool but that's as far as it went. Environments are awful and graphics as a whole were subpar. Perhaps might be some people's cup of tea but not mine. Requested a refund."
,Recommended,446390,23361572,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Tony,Shame.
,Not Recommended,446390,23376564,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Ante2k,"First game that I refund, the game runs in super speed which makes it unplayable and there's no option in game to change it. Probably it's because of the 144 hz screen."
,Not Recommended,446390,23374002,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Simbiat,"It looks cool on videos, but when I tried to play it... Not that cool. Too chaotic, I guess. Not for casual jump in, play a bit, jump out gameplay, for sure. Also, still do not like those faces."
76561198017154509,Recommended,446390,23356377,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Buttstalion,My body is ready
,Not Recommended,446390,23389458,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,♫ Foxy ♫,"I'll change this review until they update this game.- I have 144hz Monitor, and there's no V-Sync or frames limiter for this game, this game can't run 144hz, or else it'ddouble the standard speed- If you don't have a controller and you press the ""Turn on"" Vibrations, the game will crash. (Doesn't bother me because why the ♥♥♥♥ would you bother with that option if you don't have a controller)- No borderless window option- Needs better graphics options- Let's hope they let us to push the graphics farther for better ""fapping materials"" ;) (Highly doubt they'd change the graphics)- Hopefully, they make this game to be able to run 144hz, if not, let's hope they limit the frames to 60 at least, I couldn't find the config anywhere because I'm no video games' folders nerd.- Other then that, I haven't play the game yet, because I don't want to get spoiled playing in this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ situations...Playing the first fight was already a headache, double speed and I bounce everywhere as they hit me."
,Recommended,446390,23356052,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,FangKTz,"เนื้อเรื่องของ Onechanbara Z2 Chaos จะกล่าวถึง 4 สาวนักปราบซอมบี้ โดยแบ่งออกเป็นสองทีมคือทีม คางุระ และ ซายะ สองสาวผู้ที่ถูกเลี้ยงมาในตระกูลผีดูดเลือด จึงมีความสามารถของแวมไพร์ กับทีมอายะ และ ซากิ สองสาวแห่งตระกูลนักฆ่าผู้มีพลังโลหิตคลั่ง ซึ่งในภาคก่อนหน้านี้ทั้งสองทีมเคยเป็นศัตรูกันมาก่อน แต่ในภาคนี้ได้หันมาร่วมมือกันเพื่อต่อสู้กับกองทัพซอมบี้เพื่อช่วยเหลือโลกเป็นเกม exclusive ของ PS4 และได้มีการนำมาลงใน Pc โดยเกมนี้เป็นแนว Actionโดยการสู้กับซอมบี้ผ่านด่านทั่วๆไป ซึ่งตัวละครเป็นสาวเซ็กซี่ทั้ง สี่คนเนื้อเรื่องไม่มีอะไรมากมาย เน้น ""ฆ่า ฟัน"" อย่างเดียวข้อเสียคอนนี้ก็คือปรับภาพ Fullsceen ภาพจะไม่เต็มจะมีขอบดำเป็นสี่เหลี่ยมหรืออาจเป็นกับเครื่องของผมเอง(แก้เรียบร้อย)การ พอร์ตเกม ยังไม่ดีพอ เล่นไปบางครั้งเกมเด้ง (ยังเด้งอยู่แต่น้อยครั้งมาก)คงต้องรอการอัพเดตต่อไป(แก้เรียบร้อย)สำหรับคนกำลังจะซื้อหรือยังลังเลอยู่ก็ขอบอกไว้ก่อนว่าขึ้นอยู่กับตัวคุณเองว่าชอบเกมแนวนี้หรือไม่รอลดสัก 50% สำหรับคนที่ยังลังเลปล.ตอนนี้ผมให้ 8.5/10 ไปก่อน ถ้ามีการแก้ไขผมจะมาให้คะแนนใหม่อีกทีครับ"
76561197992957455,Not Recommended,446390,25678413,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,philhdtech,"when I scew up its always in threes.Don,t waist cash on this,no control,can,t play!"
,Not Recommended,446390,23370589,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,┼ Melkahia ┼,"Instead of : ""Mai Waifu hack n' slash"" you get ""Fail Waifu smash buttons""Oh, and the BGM was drivin' me insane, meme music."
76561198058381079,Not Recommended,446390,23533227,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,The Pandas Hat,"For authentic PC gamers that use a mouse and keyboard, don't buy this game. For authentic console gamers that suck, buy this game. This game is autmatically set up for a gamepad and is a pain in the a** to configure to PC. Not to mention that when you get there you can't use the damn controls easily.The game menu crashes and almost always when you download it, you find yourself validating game files shortly after. Sure The audio needs fixing mega badly due to the cracking that happens every once in a while.If this was taken straight from somewhere else, they need to fix the port quickly otherwise OneChanBara goodbye!Sure if you can get into it then the game is good, mostly due to the characters, if you get what I mean? This is a suckish version of what used to be a good game.Steam, you're a good platform but you need to make sure the games you are selling are configured for PC gamers, not console.Overall, I do not recommend this game, not at least until it is patched up. Like a puzzle with missing pieces, because the damn cat ate them. Also, wait for it to be on sale as it is not worth the full asking price."
,Not Recommended,446390,23372906,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,SayaFag,Omg the music sounds like somebody forcing a cow in a blender
,Not Recommended,446390,23358092,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,hook lord,CAN U MAKE MOUSE1 AS ATTACK ? WTF
,Recommended,446390,28440248,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,gwar195,Well the game isn't as good as i thought it would be with the controls.  Also the skill level thing is a bit confusing it seems and i can seem to look it up anywhere yet as to how that works.  I have enough yellow orbs to buy the stuff it just won't let me skill up?  Not sure what that is about.  Also got stuff for the gallery and the gallery didn't open up?  Seems to have alot of issues.  It's still fun to play anything with hot chicks fighting is cool and this is good enough but wait for a steam sale and don't pay full price for this hopefully they will update this more i got ver. 1.9 and it still has glitches i read about since 1.3  Over all it's ok
,Recommended,446390,25746137,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,marvin,So This Game.Well the game is very much the sillyness and campness I enjoy. The mechanics in the game have been perfected.Very Sharp controls and also the non stop action is very carthartic.The diolouge is gamme isss very tounge and cheek have did have me giggling in places.The Major downsides in this game to have to be the camera while it does follow you. You ccan get losst of quite easily turned around. The lac of graphics options is also a bummer.It's silly fun with alot of fan service worth playing in my opionion what I will say is wait for it to go on sale
76561198118355028,Recommended,446390,26595428,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,sistemdown999,Well this is definitely excellent hack and slash game whit lot of funny moments as well filled whit lot of adrenaline rush andgorgeous babes so do not miss the opportunity to become part of it.My vote goes whit pleasure.Best Regards
