user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,446600,27416188,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Chiaki777,"Okay, let's get one thing out of the way. Why did I buy this game?Because I'm thirsty for gender bending content and sexy succubi.Did it deliver?Most certainly yes. It did deliver awkward moments of gender dysphoria. I feed upon the schadenfreude of a boy realizing he looks really hot as a girl. It also had a half-naked succubus.How can anyone complain?Well, okay, let's get down to the nitty gritty of the story here. The story overall is internally consistent, so all threads work out within the universe brought to life within this game. Different endings don't magically change who people are and the endings reflect how this all works out. At the same time, this all really boils the story down to 4 paths, and while there are multiple endings, I feel most of the endings stem from one single branch of the story.Ultimately, I feel like there's a lack of options here and an inflexibility to the characters you interact with. Only one ending really felt at all fulfilling, while all others seemed to make me feel a measure of failure. Like, I shouldn't be kind of frustrated when I do get the succubus ending, but I was after the third or fourth time.Interface?I have no real complaints to interface, it's actually quite an improvement from Highschool Romance. Good on them. The title menu still feels like an early 2000s flash game though.CG/Music?Good CGs, largely forgettable but unobtrusive music.Copy editing quality?The script could be given another good round of editing for grammatical errors during the meat of the game. Some portions of the game felt a little less polished due to spelling errors that wouldn't be caught with an automatic spellcheck.But really, should I buy this VN?I mean. ARE YOU THIRSTY FOR BOYS GETTING TURNED INTO GIRLS? Let's be honest, I bought this game on impulse. I bought this because I'm thirsty. You will too regardless of whether I recommend you should or not."
,Recommended,446600,28513813,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,✩ Helenα ✩,"An average visual novel. I actually enjoyed the fact that this story was much darker than the first Highschool Romance VN(even tho there are just a few romance/happy endings on this one). The art style is great, the BGM is good (nothing too memorable, but still enjoyable), and the characters are somewhat interesting.I recommend this gameonlyon a good sale because it’s just really short, and not worth paying the full price. If you enjoy reading about guys turning into girls and dating other hot girls, you might like it. My complain here is similar to what happened on Negligee: the MC’s sprite has no emotions at all, and that bothered me. Mage Warren has only one expression as well, which is a shame since I liked him.5/10. Also, I think that it would be interesting if Dharker Studio could make another visual novel about this ""magical world"", but with a more serious story and characters."
76561198018435807,Recommended,446600,26668841,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Kassiova,"The first HSR game was a very quirky and enjoyable experience, and while I definitely enjoyed my time with it, it made me kind of disappointed that in every ending the main character still wanted to be male no matter what. I thought that with all they went through as a girl that they might actually identify and connect with themselves more, just for an ending or two. I was perfectly fine with it as was though, just a minor opinion of mine. The sequel on the other hand pulled me in faster than the first game. When I saw the quirkiness of the introduction it pulled me right back in and I thought ""Well if it ain't broke don't fix it"" but fix it well they did. The twist and turns and more serious tone the story ends up taking had me wanting to see more and more, until I eventually finished one ending in just one sitting. With just one ending down, and seeing all the cool things I got with the deluxe edition, I am very pleased with this purchase and will soon be playing through more of the routes. I also enjoy that it seems this time around the protagonist sorta does warm up to being a girl. I would definitely recommend this game to visual novel fans, especially if you take a liking to fantasy themes."
76561198039304492,Not Recommended,446600,28303714,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,QuincyBlue,"TL;DR it's quite different from what the store page and reviews showed it was when I purchased it. It is also far too short for the price. I'm sure other people will enjoy it, but it's absolutely not my kind of game.I played the first highschool romance game and really enjoyed it, and I bought this game expecting basically just another highschool romance but with magic. The title when I purchased the game was Highschool Romance: Magi Trials (the name has since been changed, not much help to me!) which suggested that it would be exactly as I expected, none of the screenshots or reviews (at the time I purchased it) suggested it would be anything else either.The story is interesting, but nothing like what I wanted. It's far, FAR darker than the first game, and has extremely little romance. There was nothing to suggest this would be anything other than a silly, lighthearted dating sim like the first game, but it went a completely different direction with no warning. Most of the endings feel like a ""♥♥♥♥ you for even playing this game"" with how depressing and incredibly not-romantic they are.However, I'm sure there are people who would enjoy and appreciate a darker and less romantic story; that said, even looking completely beyond the story, I really don't recommend this. There are a LOT of spelling and grammar errors, dialogue being spoken by the wrong characters, and similar issues. No actual technical bugs that I encountered, however, so I guess there's that.And, even looking beyond the story and ignoring the numerous typos, the game is extremely short. I went through EXTREMELY slowly, and it didn't even come halfway to passing the dollar per hour test! Not even close to a good deal imo.Overall, it's only worth it if you REALLY like visual novels, want a dark story with little to no romance, can deal with a lot of typos, and have a TON of free cash to throw around."
,Recommended,446600,29462468,Posted: 24 January,all,Ashen,"Definitely a solid game, just like the original Highschool Romance. I too, just like several other reviewers, was disappointed in the main character wanting to go back to being a guy in the first HSR, and found myself significantly happier with this one. It dwelled less on the actual identity aspect of it all overall as well, which I feel worked.The endings of Magi Trials were a bit less varied than HSR, and one is incredibly difficult to get compared to the difficulty in the original, but I feel that this allowed them to flesh out their ""main ending"" more, and got me more into the story in the end. It's still a relatively short game like the original, but I personally was expecting that so it was worth it to me.In the end? Good game, IMO. Some people won't appreciate less variety in the endings, some people won't appreciate it being short, etc., but it does a great job within the bounds of what it is, and if you can appreciate that, then you'll enjoy the game."
,Not Recommended,446600,30906566,Posted: 2 April,all,Parasoul,"I feel like this game could've used more variety in it's good endings, of which there is only one, and it's pretty unsatisfying to be honest. There are a lot of bad ends, which isn't necessarily a bad thing, but the good endings doesn't weigh up for it.The art is great and cute, but the characters and the relationship you create with the other characters feel superficial and rushed. All in all, unsatisfying and needs more ways to succeed. 5/10"
,Recommended,446600,32759887,Posted: 25 June,all,Dumbnorb,"I perfer this highschool romance over the original because it has more achievements, a more intriguing story, and characters i fell in love with more than the original."
76561198069159152,Recommended,446600,30351842,Posted: 5 March,all,wrb41977,"So, the basic premise of this visual novel is take Highschool Romance (one of their previous titles) and drop it in a fantasy world. Make it a school for mages. Unlike that one, this is a little bit darker. As in there is a plot afoot that is draining the powers of mages, both full and students... And well... the gender swap this time was all YOUR fault. Trying to get a step up for the entrance exam, you tried out a spell that was a little... too powerful for you... and becoming female was a side effect. Actually, since the power should have KILLED you, you got off easy.There are two romanceable targets, plus a succubus to deal with. And a whole mess of bad endings (all end in death). Have a nice day!"
76561198202529637,Recommended,446600,26667525,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Spanx,"Good game, similar to HSR; this time a bit different, but not in a bad way. Needs a bit of work done to clean up an error here and there and make everything work. After the game is cleaned up with an update or 2 it will be perfect!Great charactersSame good artSimple but enjoyable musicGreat story, very diverse endings that make the story that much more interesting when you play a differnt route*A little difficult to get certain endings at first but gets easier when you try to mix things up and discover.Well worth the price, really hope they continue the series"
,Recommended,446600,28266295,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Marksnus,"A decent visual novel, with the same excellent artstyle of the first game. Its somewhat short, but does have some replay value. I just wish they made it a bit longer, and with at least one more character."
76561198170167023,Not Recommended,446600,31006024,Posted: 7 April,all,Saya,"I was expecting a game as enjoyable as the last highschool romance  i honestly didn't get that but if you're into gender transformation stories maybe you'll enjoy it, but if you're not then i don't reccomend it"
76561198026001950,Recommended,446600,26745589,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,rafaelpcarvalho,"I liked the game. The illustrations are very good, I quite like the style of the illustrator.Unfortunately I just think it's a bit short and also lack more characters to interact and extra events (festivals, holidays, etc).But overall, I enjoyed it and I'm happy with the game !!"
,Recommended,446600,28216592,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Bud,"Proof that you don't need to add nudity or sex of any kind to make a great Visual Novel.  I truly enjoyed this game and I am glad that I gave ""Dharker Studios"" another chance after the crappy ""Summer Fling"" game.It just shows that when a company does an absolutely stupid decision, like making a really bad game, to not write them off and move on but maybe give them another chance.  I would gladly give this a 9.5/10 stars with a half a point added in to PROVE that a visual novel without any sexual elements can and does work."
76561198191185855,Not Recommended,446600,26666338,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,brandensa14,"EDIT: Given the small changes, I do like this game a bit better. However, just because of my incredibly high expectations from the first game, I still can't give it a yes. I changed this review according to new experiences.Pretty interesting storyline, but it was a little unexpected. My main problem with this VN is that they didn't focus on the romance part as much as I would of liked. It's why I love the first one so much. It's this problem that left me disappointed.Pros:-good soundtrack-great/unique visuals-likable MC-interesting storyline-likable love interest-little bit of yuri tossed in (kind of?)Cons:-limited romance (comparatively to the first game)-endings are typically ""bad"" endings-not very longIf you haven't played the first one, I'd highly recommend that one, It's by far my all time favorite VN. As much as I was hyped for this game, I must say I was disappointed. It just didn't come close to the first one.As much as it pains me, I gotta give this game a no. HOWEVER. If you enjoy a challenge and a pretty interesting story line, this is the perfect game for you.If I came for the story/plot, it'd definately be a yes.Side note: it would have been awesome if they extended this story line into the later trials."
,Recommended,446600,30415419,Posted: 9 March,all,Plusi,"tl;dr: I loved it, but it might not be your cup of tea.As a fan of the first Highschool Romance (this one is a spiritual sequel of sorts) I obviously had to go and buy this game. And despite the small flaws, I enjoyed this game a lot.Pros:+ Excellent art. Character artist Enrique Bolatre's style really fits the game. He's the same artist as the first HSR.+ The game's plot is darker this time around.+ The MC doesn't want to return to his initial self, he seems to be fine as a girl.+ In regards to the magic part, it's well thought out. It's as if magic really existed; very detailed.+ Even if there are only two-and-a-half romanceable characters, they are better written this time.+ The music isn't very distracting.+ No nudity or sex. Some ecchi felt a bit shoehorned in, though.Cons:- Too short. I got ending #4 on my own and then used a walkthrough to get the other endings. More endings, or a longer plot, would've been great. It also seems to end rather abruptly on some endings. I was feeling comfy on my first run and all of a sudden the plot went to hell.- Some proofreading would be great. Make no mistake, the grammar and spelling is fine, but there are some issues with punctuation. English isn't my first language and I noticed them easily.- The Deluxe Edition extras aren't worth the extra 5 dollars: there aren't any exclusive CGs or wallpapers and everything exists in-game AFAIK.So, honestly, for ten bucks you could do much worse. If you're like me and you like traps/gender-bending characters and yuri, make no mistake, this game is for you. But don't get it if you want nude scenes, sex or a very light-hearted story.Some reviewers were complaining that Magi Trials was not worthy of the Highschool Romance name, but, it's set in a high school (kind of) and you do get to romance girls, right? Poor MC had too much on his plate to even consider romance at first, but he kind of gets used to it fast.Numerical score: 7.5/10PS: I want a sequel, or more routes via DLC. Pretty please, Dharker Studio?"
76561198358014467,Recommended,446600,29238962,Posted: 13 January,all,ka.veral,"I liked this game.Story was interesting, albeit dark. Art is great with plenty of CG.As others have said, it is a bit short.I hope they can add another entry into this series, hopefully the same world as it could use more fleshing out.Also seems I'm a bit too trusting.I trusted you, Shira!"
76561198034411106,Recommended,446600,26741438,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Dragon Dog,"I just finished my first playthrough, and i can say it was heartwarming, funny and dramatic.I've read some of the other reviews, and it sounds like you can easily be mislead in the story aswell...A very fun read i recommend it :DI'm going to try for a different ending now! (okay maybe after i wake up)<3 The demon girl btw she's hot"
76561198031441522,Recommended,446600,26722983,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,That Damn Cat,"It is a pretty entertaining Visual Novel is the long and short of it. Magi Trails hits on a few nice notes if you're a fan of magic and hogwarts-like settings. It has also some more specific flair if you're into genderbending. If magic strikes your interest then this will probably be very enjoyable for a runthrough or two.Overall it was fun distraction. It caught me off guard how when I was stumbling through the story on my first play through I ended up with a completely different (but still happy) ending than the one I was intending. While some of the decision points are merely minor variations or just longer versions of the same scene, there were other decisions that took you into different locations/significantly different scenes. It was very much appreciated for repeated playthroughs!My only complaint is how some endings go. I unknowingly made the right choices and had 5 different endings lined up for me between a few decision points. Of course four of them were bad endings, but it felt strange to put time into multiple bad endings that are literally right next to each other.Maybe that is just personal preference when it came to having different bad endings lined up next to each other. When it also comes to getting with the various...and by various I mean like two love interests. Still I was satisfied with both endings!The greatest heart ache with Visual Novels like these for me is that they always leave me wanting more. For ten dollars though if you have an interest in magical settings and girls kissing it is worth it!"
76561198141527708,Recommended,446600,27609558,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DustyLemonFartz,"Very good game, but it needed a resolution of the main character not just to say ""well you graduated"" and then end. It needed to continue by telling us how the sorcorers test went (if they take it), and chaging back to his original gender (Male). Also emerse the reader more into the story by telling us more about the world they are in."
,Recommended,446600,26669652,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Demastro,"How is one ment to review a game aimed at a specific audience? If your are already a fan of the concept your kinda bound to like the game, and if it doesnt interest you well this game honestly probly wasn't meant for you. What I can say is this.....Visuals :)With better than average art that falls in an area reminicant but not the same as standard anime I easily can approve of its style.Routing :)Choices Choices Choices so many choices. Now while more doesn't always equal better I did feel in control of my character's fate to an extent and that says alot.Polish :(There is no excuse for spelling mistakes in a finished title.  Also gramar is a thing, the oxford comma is your friend and would help some confusing lines in the game. Next i would say the timings for CG images seem off. the game tends to put up the CG long before the actual actions in the CG take place causing the story to lose visual consistancy.to conclude the game is enjoyable and I like it so far. Buy it if you like this sort of game if not just wait for a sale but its still worth buying."
,Not Recommended,446600,26685642,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,XenoZero,"Going into this game I had some high expectations. I highly enjoyed the first games and only had a few issues with it overall. Sadly this game did not quite live up to those expectations.Before I go into the things I disliked, I really want to say the things I liked about this game. I feel like the good things about this game, are quiet good. First the art is wonderful. I feel like they really upped their game with this when it came to art. Its detailed, high res, and I enjoy the style a lot. Next I enjoyed the overall story and setting. I think it was an awesome idea to take the concept from the first game but to try it in a different setting with different asspects and stakes.  The music was also fantastic to listen to. Character were very likeable. There was a neat little plot twist That I like a lot.Now for the negative, and I feel these hit really hard. First lets talk about the games Length, and how this impacts the story and characters in a very negative way. We don't really have enough time with a majority of the characters to like or dislike them. Honestly, other than the main love interests you interact with the other characters so little its hard to really like or dislike them. I won't go into further detail for those that still buy the game as I don't wish to spoil it.My next negative point would be  the amount of love interests  which is really only 2 and a half. The first game had 3 which isn't a lot, but to have less. That said I can some what understand that has this game has a bit more of a plot to it then just getting good grades and falling in love.While overall I have a very hard time recomending this game, I did enjoy it to an extent. I hope there will be a 3rd in the series as I absolutely want one, but I crave something longer that has not only a good story, but characters I can like, I can grow to love and hate that are beyond the love interests. If someone is presented to me as a 'antagonist' to me, I want the game to show me why they would be my antagonist through character dialog and actions, not just some character telling me they are terrible and a few very brief encounters. I do not regreat buying, I'm enjoyed it, but I can not fully recomend this game, and hope that the next one is more substantial.Overall rating, 6.5/101"
76561198054384503,Recommended,446600,28322087,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Dottoman,"The title used to be Highschool Romance: Magi Trials.  As you can see they tactfully changed it since everyone figured that was a little misleading.  Romance isn't actually a core feature of the storyline.  Even the struggle of attempting to deal with the main character's bent gender isn't as central to the story as in the original Highschool Romance.Despite this I find myself liking Magi Trials a lot.  They dropped two key aspects of the budding series, but I think they replaced them with better fundamentals.  The art is a lot better overall, backgrounds, character sprites and CG's.  There are more characters involved in the plot who have more varied interactions with one another.  Two characters have a little more backstory to reveal that makes them more rounded (damning with faint praise here, but that's still better than HR which had no characters with any substantial backstory).  The main character has a well defined goal, a clear path to reach it, and the events of the VN are dealing with the first stumbling blocks along that path, so I say the plot is a whole lot more thought out.  And there are bad endings!  So many of these cheaper VN's only have different but more or less equal endings.  In Magi Trials you can actually fail which makes succeeding feel so much more worthwhile.Obviously there are also things I dislike about the game and I'd be remiss not to mention them.  The editing seems pretty spotty in places, especially toward the beginning bizarrely enough.  And while I think it's nice to have bad endings to contrast with the good ones, here it seems like there are mostly bad ends with only a single good end.  Maybe two depending on your point of view.  A little more leeway would be nice.  And, obviously, the game is very short.  Probably too short to justify buying at full price.But I think this is a good direction for Dharker Studio to go in.  I'd like to see more Visual Novels like Magi Trials.  Just longer and with more width for choices.  Even a direct sequel to Magi Trials would be good, since there wasn't much world building but the writers still managed to make life as a mage sound interesting and full of other perils to explore.Basically I'm recommending this game to hopefully encourage Dharker Studio that, between Highschool Romance and Magi Trials, they've made good progress in creating more solid Visual Novels and that I for one want to see that progress continue.  Hopefully one day we'll get a full on, CLANNAD-sized 50+ hour VN from this studio.  And I wouldn't think they could do it if I hadn't played this game to see that they really can do something more plot intensive instead of just ecchi filler (not that I mind ecchi filler)."
76561198101583364,Recommended,446600,28305289,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Dashal Darwin,"I liked the gamed, however I found it way to short.If you want to play it I suggest suggest getting it on sale.Its not worth the full price but its still enjoyable.I got this because I enjoy futa/gender switch games.I suggest trying Yin Yang! X-Change  Alternative.Its funny , long and has  different ending and worth the price."
76561198043454536,Recommended,446600,28459906,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Alma Elma,"I get it may not be everyones cup of tea, but I personally enjoyed the endings, though not all ideal, it was a good set up to sequels. Loved the story, the protagonist, and our purple haired love-interest."
,Recommended,446600,28799141,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Vampymonky,"I love Dharker Studio games! this one especially given the magical/fantasy setting!My only complaint is it is a little too easy not to fail, played through on my first blind route trying to get the Shira or Eri Route and ended up finding myself on the charlie route without having really trying to get to know her. That aside i loved all the characters and the over all story and the different endings! Recommend this game to anyone!"
76561198396754786,Recommended,446600,33458445,Posted: 11 July,all,DawgstarOne,"Having played a lot of visual novels recently, Magi Trials stands out among them as one of the most genuinely fun.  The writing is sharp, and I adore the art style (as witnessed by my avatar) and it really helps to sell the atmosphere of the game itself.  While there are not a large amount of characters in the game, I think it works to the game's benefit and enables it to maintain its focus and the main cast feels fleshed out.As a downside, it feels on the shorter end of VNs with only needing about two and a half hours to see everything and there's really only one ""good"" end if that matters to you.  (Also said without seriousness, that there's no harem end.)I would personally love to see a sequel down the road with Sophie, Charlie and Eri."
,Not Recommended,446600,27915015,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Mog Knight,"""Magi Trials"" to me is a visual novel that has so much potential to be an really interesting story and a fantastic world of magic, but it never quite got there. Instead, it plays it safe to the point where it ends with disappointment. I'm not saying that this VN is bad, but it has so much good stuff but never takes it as a jumping point and explores those ideas. I had fun reading this VN at the time, but I can't recommend this at the current price point of $9.99 to any fan of VNs unless you're ready for a very short narrative and disappointment. Again, I really love so many things about this VN from the characters to the art to the dialogue, but the whole experience just ends up being disappointing and wishing that it took risks and fleshed out so many ideas it introduced.Read my full, in-depth review on my site here:https://kupowrites.wordpress.com/2016/11/28/magi-trials-vn-review/"
,Not Recommended,446600,28592257,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Grim556,"If you like the original game, this one probably isn't for you. Sure the plot concepts are similar, but you can (and will often) actually lose in this game. It's very annoying how easy it is to get a bad ending. I still haven't played a whole lot of this game in terms of endings, but I have gotten 4 playthroughs and only 2 endings so far, both of which are unhappy endings. This is not only annoying gameplay wise, because you just end up selecting random choices and hoping that you picked enough to get it right this time, but the plot gets significantly darker if you pick some decisions and not others. There also isn't a lot of clarity in your choices, and picking some of the right paths but not others is entirely trial and error, as most if not all of the feedback you will get is withheld until you are locked into an ending.Hopefully the developers will learn from this one, because again, the plot is decent, and the premise is interesting compared to the other VNs on Steam. I would love to see another entry in this series, but this game, in my opinion, is a step in the wrong direction."
,Not Recommended,446600,28109300,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,JKinsley,"If you're here because you liked Highschool Romance, put any comparisons out of your mind. The art style is similar, and the ""boy masquerades as girl"" thing is there, but that's about the end of it. The tone of the story is much, much darker. And rather than three good endings and a ""you didn't do well enough"" ending, there are 8 flat out bad ends, 1 outright good end, and depending on how you feel about the final end, an evil end.Much like the Lea path in HSR 1, each of these ends is ridiculously complicated (in spite of the 1.3 update to make it ""easier"", this is very much a game of either repeated trial-and-error and judicious use of the save system or using one of the rather helpful guides if you just want to get the end you're aiming for). Dark magic shenanigans seem to be par for the course for ""magic school"" VNs, but slapping the Highschool Romance name on this is in art style and story hook only."
76561198188533971,Recommended,446600,26685063,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Apajache,Pretty great overall. The initial ending I got was pretty shocking. The other endings were tricky to unlock but in the end it was satisfying enough.
76561198043202385,Not Recommended,446600,26672132,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,suichitwilight,"Just as a warning, you're able to go from beginning to end in half an hour. Not sure if people left it running while doing other things or I'm just a moderately fast reader, but I got a good ending and 3 bad endings in about 30 minutes. Doubling back for more produced another 2 endings in 10 odd minutes but didn't really add much to the experience. For a visual novel where story is key that's not okay at all. The seperate branches you can do don't actually do much to change the story overlap with other parts of the game. I liked the first Highschool Romance and was looking forward to this, but they really needed to make this longer than they did.Which is tragic as I was excited by and enjoyed the story pitch a lot. They didn't go into the lore or setting of the world much outside of the Mage levels at the academy (which is another issue), but the concept for this was great. The art was really cute too, with the expressions and the unique mage robe styles. It's just tragically short with an under developed setting and that undercuts their effort here. I hate to do this, but I can't recommend this as it is."
,Recommended,446600,26691023,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Reforced,"Good story, something unexpected about someone who you think as being your friend but is doing harm to you meanwhile. Also some interesting choices you can make about dealing with that."
,Recommended,446600,27592619,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ϟϟ Fantastic. [HC] ϟϟ,Kill me.
,Recommended,446600,29839750,Posted: 10 February,all,Banake,I don't have a girlfriend.
76561198350883665,Recommended,446600,29507382,Posted: 26 January,all,JustWingIt,A+
,Not Recommended,446600,26664522,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,[db] bamafelix,"Not an overall bad game, but it's near impossible to navigate through the routes properly. I've tried seven times now and I can't get the Dark Magician ending."
,Recommended,446600,34030176,Posted: 4 August,all,CSOFFER.ME Ainsley,"Me: Nice Preservation of the artstyle, Way less linear than the previous Novel, and 60% of the endings are super Depressing.Devs: 2 Outa 3 Aint so badlol jk All your other games have the ♥♥♥♥♥iest style there is tho"
76561198018578019,Recommended,446600,34894722,Posted: 11 September,all,Lugzan,"Magi Trials, an interesting look into an original world!Briefly i'll round up what this game isn't and what it isit is NOT-action based-turn based-real time-resource managementso if you want any of those, you're looking in the wrong place!it IS-A game, you can win, fumble your way through it like an oaf and you'll get sub optimal endings or straight up murdered!-fun ( my opinion, ofcourse but it certaily made me giggle several times. )-moderate length, fair in my opinion but if you powergame it you can finish it in a decent gaming session.-full of hidden dialogue and endings, not just the endings change, character interations and characters may appear or disappear completely!-full of decisions that actually matter, and influence the dialogue you see and the endings you get.-An interesting world, with above average art.he game isn't heavily frustrating, it drops subtle hints along the way if you learn to interpret them and apply them correctly you can succeed the dialogue checks with little issue so there is some minor level of skill to be had, there are dialogue trees specifically unlocked by picking dialogue strategiacally both in the current scene and later, i won't spoil because it's a fairly short game but there are a couple of fights you can succeed or fail to varying degrees, which is refreshing from a Vn.My first playthrough took 7 hours?! it seemed quicker.. time flies when your having fun i guess. and i haven't even unlocked half of the achievements with that playthrough, with the various dialogue options and possible endings i could see atleast 2-3 playthroughs beeing needed to see most of the content and a little save scumming to get different endings if you don't want to replay the same parts over, as a Vn that isn't a big deal, though you can just spam click through alot of dialogue if you've seen it before, i would say the game is perfectly reasonable for the price, if you work by the £1/hour entertainment rule.Personally I'd like to see more of this world/universe, or maby an extended edition would be good.Conclusion:Buy it if you are into Vn's ( visual novels ) and you want a fun little world to immerse your self into for a day!if you're on a super tight budget for gaming wait for it to be on sale, but it's still worth playing!"
,Recommended,446600,35210638,Posted: 25 September,all,A Succubus Poshwah,Succubus and Bewbs.
