user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198103714370,Recommended,446790,32280315,Posted: 8 June,all,Alesyf,"THE GOOD:+ the graphics are really nice and stylised to show the intriguing world+ they merge 3D graphics with amazing Gorillaz-style drawings of very peculiar characters (which reminds me a lot of the ""Melancholy Hill"" music video).+ the combat can be challenging and exciting+ the resource management is hard and unforgiving+ the music in the game is nice+ the bosses have cool designs+ the story is nice+ I like the Jules Verne style of it+ the developers listen to gamers and improve the game with constant updatesTHE BAD:- the music is nice but it could just STOP when the game is paused!- the interface is clunky and needs work- I don't know why so many things from your inventory can't be just sold. We don't need them onboard anymore and the game even gives us their value. Considering how money plays a big part here for survival it is a problem- the ending is disappointing and is supposed to have some message but I completely missed it. It seemed ""meta"" for the sake of it- the resource management is hard and unforgiving... which for some is a huge deterrentTHE UGLY:~ the controls could've been better, especially for someone who's using a controller (which I think is MANDATORY here) there's a lot of sections where you're supposed to use the mouseFINISHED IN:17hYOU'LL LIKE IT IF:you like the works of Jules Verne, abstract stories, harsh survival, and submarines."
76561198097975407,Recommended,446790,29661097,Posted: 2 February,all,TRAITOR!,"I honestly don't see why this game is getting such harsh critisism, sure the controls can be finicky but thats why you have to learn them. I personally find the visuals to be stunning, the map to be easy to understand (if you have any sense of direction) and the combat to be engaging and fruitful if your competent. I love the atmosphere and the soundtrack, combined and seperately. The game delivered what it promised and did it in an intuitive and beatiful way (and before graphics are mentioned, I happen to like the minimalistic style), the crew management makes sense and the looting feels good.This game is basically marmite, you either love it or hate it. Just don't kick it down and scare off others that might enjoy it (or beat down the devs for something that they spent many years making).And obviously this is my opinion, so some are bound to disagree, just give the game a chance, refunds exist for a reason."
,Recommended,446790,29683552,Posted: 3 February,all,Deathblade711,"NEW UPDATE HAS FIXED CAMERA!The game developers just released a patch to fix the camera settings so you can edit them to your liking.Pros:- Amazing graphics- Magnificent soundtrack- High framerate and no lag- Very good AI- Amazing storytelling- Nice 2D & 3D environments (looting is in 2D)- It's underwater FTLNeutral:- Camera (New update fixed issues with FOV)- Ship Movement (Easy to learn, but hard to master)- Combat (Easy to learn, but hard to master)Cons:- Bugs (text repeats iself after loading a save)- It doesn't tell you if you're looting and being attacked so you have to listen- When in 2D environments, sometimes you can't move the zoomed in view. However, you just have to click once or twice and then you can move your view again."
,Recommended,446790,29718873,Posted: 5 February,all,A N I M E  T I T S,"Okay, so I deleted my review and wrote this one to sumurise all that I previously said.TO THE PEOPLE READING THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS ABOUT THE CONTROLS, THE GAME HAS BEEN UPDATED AND YOU CAN CUSTOMIZE YOUR KEY BINDINGS, YOUR VIEWMODEL AND THE CAMERASuch, such, such a great game! Seriously, if you hesitate, buy it on sales, or else go for it. Either you'll like it or hate it (apparently), so you won't know unless you try. But please if you don't enjoy, don't make a bad review and get the game refunded, it only brings down the game and won't make you any superior to anybody. Anyway, let's begin.The first thing to pop in my mind when I think about the game is the universe. It is so pretty and complex at the same time, simple but magic. If you want to feel like you're alone underwater in a submarine this is the game! The universe will greatly increase the immersion (haha) into the game. The story then kicks in pretty fast and brings the game to a whole new level. The characters, even if not extremely developped, are great and the story is never too in your face and never too far away. Then, you will need stuff to upgrade your sub, so you start exploring and that's the core part of the game: you are not given many informations and you must find landmarks to help you create a mindmap of the map itself. And if you feel like you're too far away or you're lost, go near a landmark and goldenfishes will guide you to the right path. It's simple but needs you to accept it as it is (as for the controls, it isn't really hard to get used to it but you need to do the extra step and actually try to master the controls).Anyway, let's do a quick recap in the form of a list:- The world is beautiful and will make you feel like you're actually shipping in an ocean.- The details are well made and help further the immersion in thee game.- The story and lore of the game and its universe are deeply interesting.- The sounds a well done, the attenuation of the explosions in the distance and the general feel it brings to the game.- The graphics are lovely.- The developpers care about their game and do their best to fix issues and help you.- The difficulty: it forces you to explore and look around you, don't just rush things ;)- The controls are different than what we are used to, but it is refreshing and will become almost normal if you make the change and accept that it will be different than what you are used to.- The camera was fixed, so you can do as you want ;)- The fights are, like the controls, hard to get into but easy to master, it really is about your will to go ahead and get used to them.Global score: 9.5/10, great in what it is trying to do and absolutely mesmerizing in all of its aspects. It was a great experience and I hope you will enjoy it much as I did! HF everybody!"
76561197983622638,Recommended,446790,33091050,Posted: 1 July,all,Si3rr4Fox,"What is Diluvion:An arcade Style submarine deep sea exploraion game in an open 3D underwater world and handdrawn 2D interiors all inspired by Jule Verne Fantasy with minor micomanagement for crew and inventory.What Diluvion is not:Its not a submarine simulator at all and If you are looking for something like Aquanox, there is no ""real cockpit or bridge"" and combat is 3rd person based. you always have your submarine in front.The Game:Diluvion's world is based on 3 underwater maps where a simple but intresting story is leading you around. In the beginning you can choose from 3 different submarines : a combat sub, a trader sub and a scout sub.they come in diferent style and have limited armor, wepons, cargohold and speed for their ""class""There are 4 Main Stations on your sub: the bridge, gunnery station, sonar and depending on your type of submarine the torpedo room. then there is also a cargohold that acts as your inventory and the crew room for not assigned crewmember. if it comes to steering your vessel i recomend the arcade version where your sub alwas follow your mouse pointer (similiar to mouse steering in War Thunder arcade air battle). in simulation mode you steer your submarine with keys and your view with the mouse. i didnt try set up a gamepad but there are control settings so it might work.While you constant need to watch your amount of oxygen (can be increased with extra O2 bottles) there also is food to keep your crewmembers at work and Scrap Metal/Torpedos for your weponry. once you get more crew they can be added to the different staion so you get a boost to like weapon reload or sonar range etc or if they stay in the bunk they will autorepair your sub. sometimes you find repair kits as loot or at vendors but those have an anoying side effect: sadly there is no setting at what amount of HP/armor your kits get used so they will be instantly used (only if you have free crew)  once our subs gets damage even its just a couple HP.During your travel you sure need to ""ping"" alot around with your sonar to get a rough view of your surrounding and discover hidden/sunken/abonded stations and wrecks for loot and to ""see"" underwater citys, friendly and hostile vessels/objects. Every ""Object"" that can be entered, like a station or subwreck etc, has a ""docking port"". when you are in range you can shoot your ""docking harpoon"" at it and pull yourself closer (quite awesome and frustrating at times). Once you get the hang of it all, let the atmosphere catch you while traveling around on your underwater adventure and beware of some sure creepy areas.  oh, and watch the dive limit of your sub or it get crushed.So far behind all that deep sea explorarion and sub combat, Diluvion is a rough gem that still needs a bit of polishing here and there.-Missing some crew portraits for assinged crew members-rescale of the questlog and undock it from the map-rescale and better inventory management (not that there is so much different stuff to manage but i hate scroll bars there)-would like something like mousewheel zoom in/out when docked. autozoom/scale isnt that optimal.-repair kits need some ""use at X% hp"" setting"
,Recommended,446790,29658002,Posted: 2 February,all,Calamari,"Yes, the controls do need some getting used too, but they are not that bad. You shouldn't expect twitch shooting controls like a lot of people for some odd reason do. You control a submarine in deep waters with currents and other stuff and the controls actually represent that rather well (for gods sake people, lead your target. Most of the time, you are just a bad shot). After a littlewhile it plays rather smooth imo.They only real problems I have at the moment is that the quest lines are not synchronized at times and that some elements in the 2d parts are not propaply placed, but these are not so bad that I'm not enjoying this game.Game looks nice, sounds amazing and after some practice, plays amazing too."
76561198322923464,Recommended,446790,31349567,Posted: 24 April,all,Cogent440,"This is a very good game . Most issues that existed in early release have been adressed and its very playable now.  It does have a pretty steep learning curve but i like that.  Well worth picking up if your looking for a deep sea adventure,"
76561197965067948,Recommended,446790,29663278,Posted: 2 February,all,Stabby McStabStab,"The first few hours into the game left a good impression on me, and now that I've finished the game in 14 hours (I took the scenic routes mostly), my hopes have been validated.  Plenty to see and explore, dangers to fight off or avoid, and a beautiful soundtrack.Some items to note:+The controls are pretty decent when controlling the sub in my opinion, and they've just released an update that allows for both a movement look and a free look (I'm using the Steam Controller)+They must've added some more checkpoint save triggers since the reviews were released cause I feel like it's telling me my progress is being saved all the time+Very active and responsive development and publishing teams who are friendly and quick to give feedback-The interface when inside your ship or a docked object too often leads to mistoggles when using the controller-Immersion falters when  the camera clips through terrain when dockingFixed in the latest updateThe map hasn't helped much so far (assuming I need to utilize the compass more)+The compass and map develop throughout the game and allow you to find your own way without holding your handIdeas for improvement:Health bar for enemies (I'm guessing it was a design decision to leave that out)Color change or symbol that comes up next to an already docked-to location(RESOLVED: Full/empty anchor symbol when docking)Sound effect or alert that you've looted all items from a location (also probably a design decision not to have this)The overall feeling I get from Diluvion is that it's an underwater dungeon crawler.  I explore each area looking for hidden nooks and crannies that may house a loot pod or a stranded ship, plus I'm still learning the effects of the items I'm finding.  I have to say there's been some ""woah, that's pretty cool"" moments.Notes for the end game:Difficulty of survival ramps up quite a bit in the third act (of course I now realize I had not equipped any new guns throughout the game and finished using the starting weapons)Final stage is bizarre to say the leastThe game gives you progressively less things to look at as you go deeperAct two was definitely the highlight of the experience for meI've never played a game like this before and I'd say that's a pretty substantial compliment. A solid 7/10 that's worth the price of admission as it gives you something that's completely different."
76561198033348579,Recommended,446790,29694358,Posted: 4 February,all,entropy008,"And that's that! Pretty short game but a lot of fun. Interesting concept and overall I enjoyed it very much. The visuals were nice, story pretty decent, and combat engaging enough once I got the controls down.I spent perhaps the first 30 minutes semi-lost, but after that the gameplay was simple enough.Good game!"
76561197981175874,Recommended,446790,29696547,Posted: 4 February,all,Dan the Viking,"Diluvion: A deep sea exloration, at 20,000 leagues under the ice.Although I have only four hours, or so, in the game at present I have, for the most part, greatly enjoyed them. This type of exploration, discovery, and managment game is the sort of thing I enjoy and if you do as well, then you might enjoy the game as well. It reminds me very much of a combination of Sunless Sea and space exploration games which focus on exploring a well crafted envirnoment in which you upgrade your vessel to explore more of it. That being said this game is very much a love it or hate it type of game, as evident from the reviews, and a buyer should know what to expect going into it. The game has some serious issues associated with it, but I found they didn't detract from my overall experience too much once I got used to them.CONTROLS (6/10)One of the most obvious issues as noted from other reviews and some time playing the game is the weird control scheme, for mouse and keyboard, and the tricky camera. I'll start by talking about the camera first, which could be improved or altered in someway and would have a great possitive impact on the overall game. The camera is a 3rd person fixed over the shoulder type view, only shifting to be in line with the sub during really tight spots. Sometimes this view is helpful, but others it can get in the way of driving the sub exactly where you want and judging the distance between you and certain objects on the otherside of the vessel. It takes some getting used to, but even then I would be lying if I still didn't think the camera choice and fixed nature of it doesn't detract in some way from the overall experience.Control wise they can be simple at times to the point of being too simple and not allowing certain motions to happen as easily or responsive as you may like. Battles sometime turn into downward circles as the two subs death spire at max speed, but this is a minor issue. The larger one in terms of controls comes in when you are docked at a station and have to move around and select people to talk with. With the keyboard and mouse the speed is either a crawl or spastic movement as you just miss a person and then end up all the way on the other side of the station. This can be annoying, but I accepted as the rest of the game was enjoyable enough for me to put up with this issue.PROS+ Combat aiming is good and requires skill+ Use ""W"" a lot to keep a course and look around while pingingCONS- Poor camera placement choice- Simple controls at times- Controls in stations can be a bit spasticUSER INTERFACE (6.5/10)Much like the camera the UI is the other big issue with the game that holds it back from being something really good from an indie developer. In ports and other places clicking on, moving around, talking with others, and general selection can be slightly more challenging than it needs to be. Click on the right box can be difficult and the mouse can easily over shot the target and then leave you on the other side of the station. Some sort of cycling option between people would be useful or things in the station, though I understand the choice not to, due to hidden loot boxes. Selling and buying things can be slightly annoying, when wanting exact amounts, due to clikcing rather than typing in amounts. Visual cues for damage on enemy ships would be nice, not nessicarily a health bar as that would detract from the style, but visable damage would be nice.That being said the information such as depth, amunition, food, and O2 are very clear and easy to understand, along with the compass and navigation interface. If you are looking to see your place on the map when you open it, you will not and I view this as a good thing requiring you to use the compass and navigation to get around. Reminding me of old school exploration with the occasialy glow trail to help you, but otherwise leaving you to explore and navigate around.Pros+ Easy to understand stats+ Clear information, when presentCons- Some hidden mechanics- Clunky UI in portsGRAPHICS (8/10)The visual appearance of the game is great, there are the weird objects at times, but for the vast majority of the graphics play very well with the intent behind the game. It is beautiful to look at and explore the areas that are in the game and when you see things bouncing back with your ping you want to go to them. Lighting of the flora is good and the places have a real scale and mass to them that makes you feel like a small sub traveling in a vast ocean. On top of this the visual cues of the area generally are helpful in quickly explaining, through visual cues, undersea currents and other features.That being said sometimes you go into caves and you can clearly see where the texture ends or that the object doesn't quite organically fit into place. Sometimes the fog, or surrounding effect of an area, can be too negative to the line of sight and can go between them quickly, but these are small issues with an otherwise pretty looking game and coherent art style.PROS+ Beautiful art style+ Everything feels like it belongs+ Gives a real sense of scale and desire to explore+ Good visual cuesCONS- Odd textures at times- Meshes not always meeting upSOUND (8.5/10)Sound design, like graphics, is where the game shines the best as the music is great at enstilling the atmosphere they are looking for. I often times listen to other music or videos while I am playing games, but I found myself turning them off and just listening to the soundtrack. The sounds fit well with the art style and theme and create a unified design for the game which works. Music also serves as an audio cue for combat which is helpful while you are raiding a crippled ship and then dramatic music starts playing letting you know it is time to stop looting and get fighting.However, the zero voice acting, aside from ""uhs"", ""hmms"", or ""ahs!"" when you select or talk to be can be slightly saddening or annoying at times. If you don't mind reading a lot though text it won't really bother you that much, at least it didn't for me.PROS+ Great design+ Well crafted musicCONS- No voice acting except minor ""uhs""GAMEPLAY (8/10)Focuses around more linear missions and sandbox self driven exploration. These combine well enough into an enjoyable and fun experience of self exploration. With no map marker you have to navigate and find your way around the areas and world, which can be slightly overwhelming at first, but lead to rewarding gameplay as you find your target.In terms of combat control I actually enjoy them, torpedoes are easy enough to use and with practice can be a great opening salvo and followed up quickly with some good scrap shots. The biggest part of this control that requires practice is leading the target to hit the enemy as you have to account for your ships movement, along with their ships. I missed the first ship several times, but by the 10th or so fight I was able to lead and land 70%+ of my shots at max range by accounting for the movement and other aspects.PROS+ Fun quests+ Good story+ Enjoyable combat+ Rewarding explorationCONS- Can get too lost at times- Mission dialogue not always helpfulOVERALL (7.5/10)In summary I personally feel the game is between a seven and an eight, especially for an Indie developer and when it is on sale for $10~$15 I would very it as worth it, hence my recomendation. However, if this doesn't sound like an interesting game, or concept, or controls are a big thing for you I wouldn't recommend it as they will drag it down. If this is your thing it could be an eight to some, if it isn't it could be as low as a six or even a five due to those clunky controls and not wanting to adapt to them.DantehViking Setting Course to Pillage More Icy Shores!"
76561198025466888,Recommended,446790,29712104,Posted: 4 February,all,blackdaz,"I don't normaly review games, as I don't think many people are interested in my opinion.But this is a game that deserves a better grade: extremely immersive world, really like the art, yes the control were not streamlined but they got fixed with a ""easy-mode"" right away together with the camer angle that now can be modified to you likings. I can't really talk about quantity of content but I sure like the quality of it.And I can't but praise a develeper team that straight away listen to their fans and modifiy the game so quickly..Watch some videos and give this one a try if you liked the atmosphere of sunless sea, if you like to manage resources like FTL and if you like big open worlds like subanutica"
,Recommended,446790,32795027,Posted: 25 June,all,CatlessGrin,Once you get used to the controls this is a pretty fun game. Great feeling of depth when you reach open areas. I'd recommend it on sale to any deep sea fans.
,Recommended,446790,34408115,Posted: 21 August,all,Wendy,"This Game is Very Unique, Beautiful, suprising, and fun :DPeople complain about the controls, I used the Iron Minnow and found nothing wrong with the controls.Maybe your ship choice just sucks?The characters while having little to say are interesting, Battle is fun and sometimes challenging, the Story has a few surprising twists and turns.It's always clear where you need to go by talking to your helmsman, following the magical fish or using your compass and Sonar.TLDR: Is it worth the Price? Yes i think it is, (and i haven't even finished yet)"
76561198004033968,Not Recommended,446790,34004434,Posted: 3 August,all,Soju,"I really want to thumbs this up but it is plagued by too many UI issues that make what should be minor tasks, such as docking with another ship, into painfully frustrating moments.  The combat is overwhelmingly easy once you get a mid level gun (all guns are available very early in the game).  lastly, the game offers no guidance on what to do next.  It will say something like ""go to city X"" but not give you the vaguest idea where the city is.  No cardinal direction, no trail of breadcrumbs, not even any obscure geographical references.  To make the navigation even worse is that the game makes it so difficult to see anything either becuase there is no light, there are too many environmental animations (bubbles, fish, ect) , or there is an object between your ship and the camera that blocks all vision."
76561198103515592,Recommended,446790,29661722,Posted: 2 February,all,barracuda0813,"I've never written a review because meh. But this game? This game truly deserves my time to write one because it is absolutely mind blowing. Incredible world and submarines. Intricate item and crew management that can either save you or leave you defenseless in a heartbeat. The combat is incredible and challenging in the perfect ways, and each ship is unique in combat with gun placements on the ship and even different weapons. I already love this game and have recommended it to all my friends and now Im recommending it to you with just to words... Buy itWell Over 10 hours and I still love every second of this game. I cannot recommend it enough"
76561198081168629,Recommended,446790,29679441,Posted: 3 February,all,Dcool,"First off, lets start off with what everyone is not happy about. The controls. While the controls take some getting used to, I personally do not see the  the big problem with them. Practice will make perfect, and you just have to be careful when manuevering. I have yet to die from crashing or getting into a dog fight. If I had to compare the controls to anything it would be a mix between Sid Miers Pirates/sunless sea and Elite Dangerous. A bit difficult at first but nothing horrible. You use the Q and E keys to adjust depth, the W and S keys to to adjust speed, or you can simply use the mouse wheel, and then the A and D keys are to steer right or left, although a much easier way to move is to just use your mouse to steer your nose in that direction, although I can see how the use of both A and D keys and the mouse could make for some interesting combat manuevers. The gameplay is pretty cool. It reminds me a little of sunless sea being in a sort of apocolyptic setting and being focused alot on exploration and an interesting story. Essentially your goal is to plunge to the far depths of the sea, and to do that you need better subs and equipment. I have not gotten into the meat of the story yet but it seems entertaining enough and the lore seems pretty cool. The environments also look rather splendid and there is an air of mystery to the game. I feel that the music sets a good tone and as long as you let yourself sink into it, it feels rather immersive. It seems rather slow paced so if you dont like that then it wont be for you. If you enjoy a game like Sunless Sea or if you just enjoy general exploration games with a mix of combat and upgradeables then by all means give this game a go. You probably wont be dissapointed. Also I am not sure how interactive the crew is but so far I have recruited someoone who seems like a simpleton, I rescued a potential criminal who claimed that she was innocent (and I had bounty hunters chase me), and I rescued a guy from a ship seemingly about to explode or something. It allows basic interaction with the crew but if anymore that remains to be seen. The game seems to be very exploration and combat heavy and while not for everyone, if you can take the time to learn the controls and you enjoy games like this then this is a good buy. I will update my review as I play more but I have to get to work. My first impression though is so far so good. You can tell alot of love was put into the game, and it is not overpriced either for what it gives.Update: Game has full controller support and it works just as well as the keyboard in my opinion. Long time console players may find it easier to use. I like both control schemes and I will probably end up switching between them. I used an xbox one controller but I am sure a ps4 controller would work as well.Thanks for reading!"
,Recommended,446790,34914250,Posted: 12 September,all,✪AKBAAR 💕🐾,"beutiful game, nothing similar to it ever!I hope they will do another of it!!! Diluvion 2 or something!curently playing it with Steam Controller and works flawlesly on 4k.gorgous looking, fighting under deep of the sea is crazy. upgrading ur ships feels rewarding!!"
,Recommended,446790,29766210,Posted: 7 February,all,Smoke a bone for Tom Petty,"The controls and display all take a little getting used to but it's by no means as bad as how some of the reviews make it out to be. I had to reset FOV once and that was all.Had to reset the game a couple of times due to HUD not displaying after toggling the map.It's a great game and I had a great time playing it but the ending was rushed and a downright terribly designed end boss battle that kind of ruins the entire experience for me, or at least leaves a bad taste in my mouth.I only did one playthrough (with the Iron Minnow) so I don't know how different the other two ships handle but I can attest to the steam page claiming that there are 9 distinct pilotable ships in Diluvion. I think it's more accurate to say that there are 3 distinct pilotable ships in Diluvion and they can all be upgraded 2 times each. And these upgrades only give you more health and depth range and a new skin as far as I'm concerned. The stats of the ship come from the crew you're carrying and their stats, as well as the gun/torpedo you have equipped.All in all it was a good game though. I don't regret purchasing it but I guess I thought I'd get a little more out of it for the price."
,Recommended,446790,29762388,Posted: 7 February,all,AmoBro,"I really enjoy this game. I was a bit hesitant because of the reviews complaining aboutthe controlls (I'm missing fingers on my keyboard hand), But once you play with them about 20-30 minutes they feel just fine. The game is beautiful and the sound track is amazing, there are some frustating bits but nothing that ruined the game for me."
,Recommended,446790,29707694,Posted: 4 February,all,Arkelia,"Diluvion is a RPG, you play as a captain of a submarine in a world where the humans are trapped underwater, below a thick layer of ice with no way of getting out.You'll have to manage your crew and your ressources to explore the world while following the story.The controls are a bit weird at first, and you'll have to get used to manage your Z axis while fighting or just exploring tiny corridors. But once you learn how to use use the controls, the game is great!EDIT: patch with new controls that are way more intuitive and easier to grasp.Don't hesitate one bit more to buy it if it was the only thing restraining you!My only real complain are the checkpoints. You can't save outside those checkpoints. I whish I could ""quit & save"" wherever I want. But to be honest it hasn't been a big problem checkpoint are pretty common.Exploration feels great, with lovely and creepy environnements. Plus, the game gives you all the tools to avoid getting lost: compas, map, and visual clues.The game is beautiful, sounds and musics are really nice and contributes to the immersion (ahah!).The story is ok so far (haven't finished it yet), the world is very engaging and fun to explore. You can just follow the story or explore and grind some ressources on the way (like I do).Overall it's a good underwater creepy RPG.Diluvion is very close to sunless sea for the ambiance but with way less roleplay elements and more gameplay elements.I should add that the game runs great and you can customize your keybinding, it's also localized in different languages: English, French , German, Russian and Polish (I prefer to play in english, so I don't know the quality of the translation)."
76561198050304471,Recommended,446790,29724142,Posted: 5 February,all,Psykhenaut,"High recommend this game, not because when I torrented it (some pointless, 1.x version) and then played the game in its launch state I believe (2 days after release?), which I understand seems unyiedly with all the negative reviews popping up in the first 72 hours but fans of exploration RPG/combat FTL crew mangement games hear me out...This game receives a 11/10 because of its extremely receptive and attentive dev team. For that reason alone I purchased the gold pack, we need to incentive developers who take advantage of community dialouge. Support these developers today, after playing 1.16 and seeing the responsiveness and discourse with the gamers themselves, I cannot help but enjoy the manycountless hours this game I can tell will provide. Our continued support WILL provide them with the inventives to build out and expand this already very, very creative and neat approach to their version of open worldness-ness."
76561198028496687,Recommended,446790,34123303,Posted: 9 August,all,Lolpingu,"First of all, I'd like to praise this game's art direction. I can't quite put my finger on it, but I'd say the aesthetic is somewhere between Bioshock, Sunless Sea and the Melancholy Hill music video by Gorillaz (as odd as that sounds), with a bit of Don't Starve thrown into the mix during the 2D non-combat interactions.The submarine combat taking place in third-person is, while a bit rudimentary mechanically speaking, still rather satisfying and quite intense when you're fighting a submarine equal to your own in strength or even several of them, desperately trying to land shots on the enemy sub while simultaneously maneuvering around its fire and trying to shoot down the torpedoes it launches at you. The visual and audio feedback  feel great - your guns sound beefy, enemy subs let out bursts of sparks when hit with cannon fire and you hear a satisfying *thud* when you land a hit on a sub and ESPECIALLY when you land the killing blow as the enemy ship bursts with decompressing air and sparks.The submarine progression feels great - you naturally start with a small and lightly armed submarine, but as you progress through the game you acquire increasingly large submarines, with each new submarine dwarfing the previous one in size, firepower and tankiness. The progression is also felt visually as you can physically see all the gun turrets on your ship move to aim their guns where you're pointing, and the models of the barrels change depending on the type of cannon you are using. The bigger ships have huge gun turrets, making you feel like you're captaining an underwater battleship.The writing is pretty good. While I feel more could have been done in terms of world building, the story itself is written pretty well and the characters that crew your ship are all very likeable in their own unique ways and I found myself getting attached to all of them.Last but not least, the development team actively listens to feedback and many complaints get addressed with each update. The dev team is still working on updates for the game, which shows that they're dedicated to improving the base game as much as they can before they move on to anything else, and these are the kind of devs we really need more of in the gaming industry."
,Recommended,446790,33640581,Posted: 18 July,all,canned_player,"Nice game considering a small studio. I can say that Diluvion delivers a very nice package as you navigate through the sea, discovering the dangers of the deep while following the story.It has a set of nice elements and they all work, except for the camera that has it´s issues only when you position your sub on tight trenches and you really force it to go on a way it shouldn't, like going sideways on these tight places because you got hit, then things get confused, but nothing that comes even close to make the player give up the game or stop playing for a while.But other than that issue, the game runs perfectly fine... no bugs that I could see, absolutely a smooth ride for me. The game just works very nice.So you have 3 maps, each one deeper than the other, and you will do some quests to know what´s going on and how to proceed the story... Once you complete the objectives, you can proceed to the next map, and once you reach part 2, you can get back to part 1 of the map in case you need. Dont think it´s a short number of maps, because they will keep you navigating for hours and hours, so I can surely say their sizes are totally OK.The game has a crew system that needs to evolve to become more important, but it works the way it is, and you can upgrade your team by using tokens on them. So each member has abilities and charge you the price based on them to join yout crew. Once paid, they´re with you, no more charges.The crew needs food to keep working, so you gotta explore and kill enemies to get food. I cant consider it a grindy game because not a single once i had to stop the adventure to farm any item. Even the farm is related to the quest, so that wont be a problem.A lot of times you´ll see pirates, so disable them and get the loot, as you need scrap metal for your cannon (they are your bullets), and you can also get torpedos from them, or buying from market places.The developers found creative solutions to depict the deep sea, and you have many beautiful parts, and lots of places to explore. To each map there´s a boss, and they´re nice, but you will ""suffer"" a bit to get to the last one, because the last map is the total darkness.-- CONCLUSIONI chose to be more detailed on my review because this is an indie game, and as there are a lot of trash today, I thought it would be better to give the clearest idea as possible so you wont think this game sucks, because it doesnt at all.Go get it... it´s worth the price!!! I´ve spent 27 hours and it was well worth it !!!!"
76561197971039937,Recommended,446790,29686637,Posted: 3 February,all,kbennett_thetoad,"What a delightfully refreshing change from the usaual array of games.   Gripps about controls and getting lost are not really a problem, been playing a couple of hours and have got good feel for game.  Nice atmosphere, pleasent grafixs and sound.Some might find it a bit slow but that what make it a change from the usual stuff. Plenty to do and nice challenge. Best £12 I've spent in a while."
76561198031201473,Recommended,446790,34364668,Posted: 19 August,all,williwaggs,This game is good but the difficulty curve is extremely steep. Like darksouls but with underwater submarines and hipsters and steam punk.
,Recommended,446790,29758006,Posted: 7 February,all,Korbo,"I've been following this game for years. They're marketing team really fell through it feels like so hopefully this review will help some of you.Pros:- Great ambiance- Interesting combat- Good ship designs- Nice artwork and interesting management for crews- Good soundtrack- Engaging story- Varied envrionments- Kat best girlCons:- Not short, but not long enough- Lack of overall customization- Why does a spray cost me 10k?- Krok best gun once obtained- Grinding money is a bit repetitiveMy biggest complaints are lack of ship customization and things to do other than follow the story and mildly explore along the way. In a game where you stare at your ship inside and outside, there is very little change you can perform other than buying overly expensive sprays. There is little incentive to do anything other than murder all hostile ships to cash in on loot as well. Exploration is great for the one time you pass over an area but it is sort of a, ""seen it move on"" deal. Likewise there are a lot of interesting characters and places that you never come back to. Ever.Now this game does a lot right though. Combat is a bit strange at first but once you get used to it, it is a joy. Landing shots and destroying subs feels great and there are some nice explosion effects. Enemy variety is fairly diverse as well and by end game it felt natural to move and shoot. Sonar in this game is great and the story is mostly solid with a few good twists thoughout. This game feels very much like a modernized Sub Rebellion which just so happened to be rather good as well. The ending is satisfying albit abrupt but it feels like everything you have learned is being tested then.OVERALL - Buy it. I put 15 hours with light grinding into the game before beating it. I feel like I missed some extra story somewhere (that or the devs left it out) and I know I didn't fully explore the first and second zones. Diluvion has memorable characters and a few really hard hitting surprises. Navigating deep sea trenches by sonar or flying through a gigantic sewer system at near crush depth as your air is running out are just two examples for a game that deserved to be so much more, but knocked it out of the park for a small indie game. I can only hope to see a huge influx of marketing for this title and maybe a few DLCs to add story and customization options. Maybe even a sequel. Either way I give Diluvion a strong recommendation and hope we see more Diluvion but with a lot more of everything it already has."
76561197990379244,Recommended,446790,29737930,Posted: 6 February,all,HiLiX,"Well it's a very good start. I think that game with a little more work can be one of the best!Pros:- very cool idea- amazing music!- very cool cartoon style- sometimes looks very very cool (frozen giant was so cool)- I like idea with crew management- Polish (very good) translation!Cons:- sometimes 2D graphics looks very bad (pixelated)- most 2d places looks the same (especially inside) - it is boring after while, same chests, crates etc etc...- for most time nothing happens - you just moving from one waypoint to another- characters you can meet are to ""flat"" - same dialogues whatever you do.- no real life underwater :(- navi-golden-fishes looks very bad when close (same those save-state-green)- i would like to save game more often- HOW THE HELL I CAN REPAIR!!??! ;)Anyway. I will be looking forward for any updates! And keep trying to find out how to repair my ship!"
,Recommended,446790,32891293,Posted: 27 June,all,wallop,"This game has absolutely amazing graphics. I love the combat of this game, but i really hate the torpedo spam from the enemies as you progress in the game. Getting money in this game is kinda hard to get untill you explore all the different merchants in the game and finding the best people to sell your stuff to, and getting the money to upgrade your submarine or buy a brand new one much easy. The movement of this game is pretty hard to get use to, but you will get more comfortable the more you play. the story does get a little bit confusing but with the help the fish and the crew you can get by pretty easy. Overall the game is pretty fun and has a pretty cool ending"
,Recommended,446790,34698731,Posted: 2 September,all,Joga,"I had so much fun with Diluvion.Submarine battles with cannons and torpedos is heavy and incredible.It's a full game too, totally worth it's price.There are frustrating parts sure, but it's the good kind of frustration, the kind that keeps you moving forward.To be completely honest, people should just play this game because of how full and entertaining it is.We need more games like this, good job Diluvion team!"
,Recommended,446790,29727801,Posted: 5 February,all,Rick,"Amazing game, there were some quirks with the controls but the developers already patched the game (4-2-2017) and implemented various suggested features and actively fix bugs."
76561198068939413,Recommended,446790,32300363,Posted: 9 June,all,Hieru,"One of the few games I've been really waiting for and decided to buy it at full price. Sure it was buggy when i got it, but those bugs got polished out. I love the controls and crew managment. Soundtrack is really good and helps to immerse into the game. It still has some bugs but none of them are game breaking. If anything I want more. The finale of the game however didn't feel like end at all. The game itself was very immersive for me. It was everything I've expected it to be. except: I wish it was longer and it would be nice to have more random encounters and maybe random 'silver' quests. I can't wait for future updates and for me it was worth every penny."
,Recommended,446790,29725871,Posted: 5 February,all,IgnisLupus,Pros:- Matching soundtrack- Nice graphics- Good Performance- Interesting story- Nice Artdesign- Submarines!The camera issue some people are complaining about are fixed and there is also an option for camera independent movement now.Cons:- Nothing noteworthy
,Recommended,446790,29924407,Posted: 14 February,all,Beggar,"Diluvion is a wonderful deep sea adventure game and i've loved every minute I`ve played great visuals, great soundtrack, solid gameplay.However the downside of Diluvion is that it's painfully shortfor what it COULD offer.Going through the whole story with decent exploration takes around 10-12 hours which is absolutely fine for a 20€ release but reaching the end feels.... unfinished and heres why: There is basically one linear storyline and thats it. How about just a bunch of sidequests?Food shortages, pirates, monsters, bounty hunts, WAR sureley the few surviving cities need a ton of help?!?Or more importantly character development for the crew? Side missions that delve into their past or change them drastically? Special Upgrades for your submarine (aside from the basic lvl 1- 3)There is a lot i wish were in the game that isn't, but it could be easily and that saddens me. If DLC could add all of the content that feels missing is questionable.Sunless Sea for example is built on an even simpler concept, 2D exploration, however there are so many stories, side missions and lore you can get lost in that game for hours at a time. This game lacks that.I definitely recommend buying this game especially if on sale. But Developers, please there is so much you can expand on."
,Recommended,446790,29656619,Posted: 2 February,all,Hamburger,"This game is amazing, not many submarine games out there. Relaxing and lots of adventure."
,Recommended,446790,34723098,Posted: 3 September,all,JamesXCJuggalo,"it can be a pain at times trying to figure out what to do but the gameplay is amazing Great JOB developer. the price is way worth it,"
76561197984820498,Recommended,446790,29727340,Posted: 5 February,all,Giaddon,"A lovely (if low-fi) submarine game. The developers have been excellent at issuing patches in response to user feedback, and the game today is better than the one I bought only a few days ago. My only complaint is that it combines a mostly linear story (which is fine) with a useless map (which is not). Characters tell you to go to a city -- everyone knows where it is, because it's a city and not some huge mystery -- but you have no way to know where it is yourself. You MUST follow the golden fish to have any idea where to go. I love the idea of exploring uncharted areas and making my own map based on the in-game landmarks... but the idea falls apart when well-known cities aren't on the map and character don't give directions and act like you know where this stuff is (they say ""go to Fjordland"" rather than ""go to Fjordland, west of Ice Town"").Still, following the golden fish works, and the game overcomes this shortfall. Get new subs, hire crew, fight pirates, and learn what happened to our fallen world. If you dream of exploring a world under the sea, Diluvion is a moody, atmospheric opporunity."
,Recommended,446790,30398937,Posted: 8 March,all,MyKnee.GER,"Every once in awhile, a game comes a long, a genuine experience that restores your faith that developers care about the gamer's experience.This game is a good reminder that games can still be enjoyed, even in a single player experience. You have to appreciate a good plot twist to fully enjoy this title, but it is clear that it was developed by someone with a passion for unique experiences.Supporting titles like these means 1000 times more than some generic AAA title by a long shot."
76561198006125695,Recommended,446790,29658368,Posted: 2 February,all,PointBlank,"Played for 3 hours staight out of the box.I like it a lot, great atmosphere story and looks and runs superb.Controlles take a bit of practice but once masterd a real joy to play.Remember to adjust FOV slider fully to the right.Edit: Devs patched with all new camera options ... we are spoilt for choice Now and makes a huge step in the direction of a fantastic game experiance.Highly recommend this Gem"
,Recommended,446790,29794938,Posted: 8 February,all,Inferno Dialer,"Pros:+It has a great artstyle, the shift from 3D to 2D really does wonders for the game+Beautiful music accompaniment with lots of variety too+Really interesting setting with great lore and characters+Manages to capture submarine combat and make it fun+♥♥♥♥ing solid last bossCons:-The camera goes up your♥♥♥♥♥when you maneuver through tight spaces-The characters you encounter and sail with are interesting but could use more dialogue and interactions-Aside from following the main story, fighting, exploring, and acquiring resources (which is basically doing the same thing) there's no much else to do-Little replayability aside from trying out the other ships (which you can already do in-game by buying other ships)Verdict:While it is really a fairly linear game, it does what it does well. If you want submarine combat with a good story to go through get play it."
76561198038847347,Recommended,446790,33418820,Posted: 9 July,all,Ozuse,"This game was an absolute enchating and sometimes terrifying adventure.  Not once did I ever feel the urge to voice displeasure.  The story was light yet engaging and mystical.  I greatly enjoyed exploring and discovering the wonders of this underwater post-apolcalitic world.Although the game can get repedative and loose its allore while farming to upgrade your base and aquiring weapon mods, most of the main quest tediousness is actually enjoyable and the game presented twists that were unexpected to normal gaming story arc progression.  I was pleasantly surprised at the journey the events in the game take as I did not expect the games narrative to delve into depictions of loss, death, grief, regret, deceit, and the mistakes that can be wrought from fear of the unkown.Some aspects of the game weren't that great like the food system was kind of ridiculous.I always felt like food should have been more scarce to immurse you in the world but consumption should be meals per day.  The developers went as simplisctic as possible in that you need to have food for which your crew will constantly munch on and if they can't munch they won't work.  The system just doesn't work well and a meals per day should have had an effect on potential stat modifications.Would have been nice if there were more avatars for random crew members.  Seems like a missed opportunity to pay an artits.For what it is this is a great game with a trippy ending.P.S. only sell to wandering merchants."
76561198079777931,Recommended,446790,29810079,Posted: 9 February,all,LetterofMarque,"I dont review games but this is one that stands out and has an original theme. The setting, music, and art are all top notch!"
76561197993437805,Recommended,446790,29723392,Posted: 5 February,all,BloodMure,"I wouldn't have recommanded this game before the update due to its awful controls.Now, thanks to the super fast feedback from the devs you can choose a ""Simulation control""which is ,in my opinion, way better control than the pre-update.So if you were concerned to buy this game only because of reviews complaining about the control,buy it Right Now."
76561197972634582,Recommended,446790,29737797,Posted: 6 February,all,Harlequin,"Great game, the devs listened and fixed all the problems with the controls and camera. Now that you don't have to fight the controls and the vertigo I have no qualms on recommending thris to anyone who is looking for an undersea adventure in the beatifull world of this game.Stemapunk subs in the deep of the ocean with crew managment and exploration, if that sounds like fun get this game asap."
76561198027972441,Recommended,446790,29817431,Posted: 9 February,all,White♊Gemini,"it would seem that they have great pride in their game , game updated on a sunday 3 DAYS after release with controls and cam fixes and some other good stuff and the bugreport post in steam hub is quite vocal makes me glad i pre ordered with Fleet Edition ;)MemberTreasures of the deep, Critical depth, Aquanox, first two are good times and Diluvion brings back that rare underwater scene that i always say is a great area for indie devs to dip into and this game slapped me in the face from an alleyway as i walked by i was barely able to pre-order :P+ it's underwater sub combat / explorer.+ three pretty large instance type open world areas.+ graphics and effects are nice .+ decent survival aspects .- 2d characters and art should look and act more serious to whats happened to them idk this is how i feel atm, too many happy faces and comical emmm ahhh sounds when clicking them and whats up with the dunce hats :/- would like to fight other giant sea creatures more often, sharks, squid, jelly fish?(i still have to get futher, maybe more)- not sure what else to add here many things are in the Official Update Log to do list :P"
,Recommended,446790,29794757,Posted: 8 February,all,[PUG-ER]Shagohad,"For a thirteen hour game, it felt short. And that's a shock in this day and age.Diluvion is a gem. A game that turns the subnautical genre on its head from the usual ultra-realistic sub hunters into an action RPG of fun, wonder and color. The ocean is beautiful and interacting with it through the median of sonar screens and depth gauges is so impersonal. It may as well be the void of space.Not for Diluvion. Utilizing unique graphical tools, Diluvion lets us visually navigate and conuqer an ocean that is as hostile as it is cold. Critters and enemy submarines are not your only foe with precious oxygen and food required to keep your crew going. You can utilize high speed and a rather thou8ghtful stealth mechanic to survive or go in all guns blazing with a more specialized combat submarine. Despite only having three submarines, each one plays a unique way and they're all very desirable to acquire during any playthrough.The real fun of Diluvion comes from the world itself. Impossibly fragile and elaborate submarines dance amongst a post-apocalyptic flooded world of more recognizable and wildly alien technologies; the remnants of a civilization long gone and picked over by the survivors. Even though most of these areas are nothing more than eye candy, they are a treat to find and sail around, imagining what history these structures and machines hide.And this is where Diluvion falls short. After drawing you into such a stylized and creative world with absorbing mechanics, it sort of drops you into the final act and it's over as quickly as it started. Mind you I went out and did a lot of scavenging and exploring, but I was still able to finish the game in a week. When it comes to vehicular games in three dimensional spatial maps, they pretty much become ""space games"". You fight, you explore and you trade. Flushing out an economy isn't absolutely necessary to action RPG's like this, but they definately keep me coming back.Another issue is the map crunch. After the first map the next two seem to get progressively smaller. I felt like I was in area 1 much longer than the other two and that wasn't only because I kept coming back to sell my loot at a premium to the wandering merchants. Depth is used to try and create more terrain to work with, but the vast majority of the other maps are simply ""empty space"".In summation Diluvion is a game you should get. Not just because it is a good game that stands out from a rather familiar genre, but because there needs to be encouragement to continue projects like this."
,Recommended,446790,30171982,Posted: 25 February,all,Always Hallways,"It's pretty uncommon for an Indie Game to feel like a major release, yet Diluvion captures this both for better and for worse. That's to say, it feels like such a huge, expansive game, but it also has it's share of clunkiness (primarily in combat and telegraphing). Still, what Diluvion has above most Triple A Titles is that it's a novel, unique game that plays unlike anything I've seen. I was also taken aback by the breadth of content here; I would expect this to be like $25 or even $30. If you want to try something new, I can't recommend this enough."
76561198200392677,Recommended,446790,30046127,Posted: 19 February,all,Ghost,"I love this game, but a very short story. Plz make it longer and add more ships to buy (in game)."
,Recommended,446790,29728793,Posted: 5 February,all,That one side nigga,This is a really cool game love it
,Recommended,446790,29728882,Posted: 5 February,all,noob,Just amazing
,Recommended,446790,31476489,Posted: 30 April,all,Soldier Blue,"Not bad but hopefully will get better after the 1.2 update is released.I'll update this once it releases.The game had a rough launch but most complaints concerning fiddly navigation have been addressed. It's a bona fide adventure and sub exploration game so I just want to weight in on the overall score, people shouldn't hesitate to try this.Also, the people behind this game are some of the finest, most passionate developers out there, shown through their continuous support for the game and how they've been listening to user feedback. Truly exemplary."
,Recommended,446790,29682740,Posted: 3 February,all,Mixterkusen,I've played for 2 hours and i must say i really enjoyed it. Despite the few bugs and that the controls are kinda wonky and the shooting is a bit wonky too but i got used to it i would still recommend it. The music is very good and the graphics are good too. All i say is that im looking forward to keep playing this.
76561198093375590,Recommended,446790,29782036,Posted: 8 February,all,SpookyDove,"This game in one word AMAZING my rating 9.5/10This game is basically everything i have always wanted(Submarine combat, Steampunk, Good story, Amazing Graphics)out of every game i have played i enjoy the style of this one the way it goes from 3D Spectacular graphics to thistransition of 2D cartoon/anime style is really awesome another thing about this game which i particularly like is the soundtrack the smooth music really fits well with the underwater world and how in combat the music changes which in my opioion is amazing.Pros:Great GraphicsSubmarine CombatSteampunkYou don't need a good computer to run itOutstanding SoundtrackAmazing StorylineCons:Difficult controls (mainly just for beginners)Small bugsVery little graphics settingsAnd thats my review for Diluvion"
76561198023745319,Recommended,446790,29846329,Posted: 11 February,all,kryasis,"There are very few things I would change about the game and I would give this an overall 9/10 especially for the price.Pros:Crew selection and upgrading stats.  This is a great part of the game!Sub upgrades and multiple sub purchases, though I only used one line of subs for the entire game I am glad I had options.  Home base upgrades and vendor addons, though not as extensive as you might think, it was nice to have this as part of the game.Storyline.  I enjoyed the story.  I thought it was a tad short and maybe they could have developed some of the characters a little more but overall the story was good.Gameplay was good and I liked the controls for the game.  I thought that the combat and piloting mechanics were good.  Sometimes it was easy to kill my opponent and others it wasn't easy at all.  I enjoyed the variety.Cons:  I wish there was more to the game because I liked it so much.  It felt like I finished it too quickly.This is where almost all of my cons come from.  I would just have liked to have more game.  But hopefully they will make another with more upgrades and longer storyline.  I would like to see that game have the ability to have 10 levels of subs and other varieties of upgrades.A couple of other cons:  When enemies flee out of the zone where the player cannot follow without going to the world map.  That gets frusterating.Saving spots.  Make sure not to zone from one area to another without first touching a green saving zone.  Though rare I did have some stuff vanish from my inventory from me not saving before zoning.  Most of the time though it just resets to an earlier time so if i sold my items or bought something i would just have to rebuy or resell those things. Not a huge issue but still incovenient.Lack of tutorial on weapon enhancements.  Just hit 'i' to change guns once you have a different gun.  Hit 'o' to change torpedos once you have another type of torpedo.All in all a great game that I hope they choose to continue with another.  Definately worth the price. $17"
76561197971629615,Recommended,446790,29821518,Posted: 10 February,all,X Afro,I could have finished this game 10 hours back but I just wont do it. I cant bear to let it go just yet.Gotta hear that dumb heee haarrrr sounds from the people a few hundred more times.
76561198007354604,Recommended,446790,29684824,Posted: 3 February,all,BeachMaster Tim,"UPDATE 2/7/2016I was finally able to beat this boss (after many attempts). However, the developer actually commented, saying they've patched the boss in some way (not sure how, as I had already gotten past this part). Anyways, I've altered my stance on the game, as the main con I had with it was getting stuck at this particular boss.Pros:+Interesting new game-play+Beautful underwater world (I've always loved the ocean)+Affordable gaming (a fun to play game for under $20, can't complain at all+Music is pretty terrific and fits the game quite wellCons:-Dialog is lacking (characters don't talk, and the dialog variety leaves something to be desired)-Controls can take some getting used to, but are fine once you get some practice in-Battles can be frustrating; i've missed 10 shots in a row at point blank range before, even though you can buff accuracy through the crew allocation system)For $20, it is defnitely worth checking out, especially since the developer takes time to listen to it's fanbase.________________________________________________________________________________(Original Review)This game seemed like a great down-time killer! I enjoyed the first few hours of gameplay quite immensely.Then... came the first boss fight. I mean, you can literally DO NOTHING (other than die over and over). The game literally went from EZ mode to INSANELY IMPOSSIBLE mode. I tried about 4 different times, and died within 30 seconds. I probably wont be playing this game until they do something about these encounters.I thought the game was a great steal at $16.99, but for 2-3 hours of gameplay, not so much."
,Recommended,446790,29795174,Posted: 8 February,all,Insane-Randomness,"tl;dr It's been a long time since I've played a game so long that it hurt my eyes.Everything about this game is amazing.  The price is amazing, the mechanics are amazing, the soundtrack is amazing, the setting is amazing.  It's a master class of what exploration games should be like.  The only thing I wish is bigger.  If you like steampunk/dieselpunk, if you like exploration, even if you're a fan of starships and star trek esque style stories, get this game, I emplore you.  There are some minor bugs, but none that truely ruined gameplay.  Mainly just minor parts of the tutorial that didn't play, or areas that I accidentally skipped over because I couldn't see them.  But that's ok, the primary draw to this game is the exploration, wondering what you're going to find next, what's around the next bend, what's through that hole, what's in that abandoned structure?  There is a map, but major locations are only revealed to you after you discover them and find their map charts.  Minor areas aren't even shown with tiny dots.  And your location isn't on the map, actually requiring a sense of navigation and direction.  Don't worry though, the game gives you tools to let you cope with these issues.  After I got a mental picture of where things were and where I was, I was rarely completely lost.The crew system is very very good, simple, yet sophisticated in the different combinations you can have.  And it makes you feel like a real captain.  All the major crew talk to each other and have their own personalities.  It's refreshing to have well thought out characters that aren't aggrivating.  Even if they aren't entirely original, they do at least seem real.  It feels like I'm captain Malcolm Rynolds flying the Serenity.  Just you and your crew against the world.A couple of suggestions: get the soundtrack, it's awsome music to listen to.  And second, get the manta sub DLC.  That sub is awesome."
76561198010757578,Recommended,446790,29717449,Posted: 5 February,all,Grim_Reaper,i was a bit sceptical when i bought the game.but i was hocked by the game when i started playing it has a good story line and explanse the game in the start.management is indeed like FTL and that makes it great for combat.and combat looks a bit like guns of Igarus.controles are easy but the combat is challanging whits is good.
76561198269064612,Recommended,446790,29946611,Posted: 15 February,all,Dante,"Really nice game with some very minor flaws. Absolutely beautiful graphics, atmosphere, sound and soundtrack.The camera-angles aren't always optimal in narrow places and 'docking' with other ships or wrecks is somtimes a bit of a challenge but personally, that's really all the negative I can think of.Sure, this game takes you to vast and deep places in a small submarine so its not really a fast-pace game, you gotta make sure you have enough stuff (food, scrap metal,...) onboard before you begin your journey but thats just the way the game is; you love it or you hate it.If you like a game that looks and sounds great and has a very nice feel to it, this is one for you."
,Recommended,446790,29716201,Posted: 5 February,all,fri_freeman,"Gorgeous visual and music, tense exploration and combat, somewhat janky camera and control.Have potential to be my favourite game of all time.Somewhat dodgy release, but dev listened to complains and keep fixing bugs and adding stuffs based on feedbacks non stop. It's commendable and worth a purchase just because of that."
76561198011510180,Recommended,446790,33681785,Posted: 20 July,all,Bellicose,"Could it use some polishing, sure. But once you get used to the controls, this is a very enjoyable title."
,Recommended,446790,33871275,Posted: 28 July,all,VIGIL,"A great game with interesting light-RPG mechanics, submarine building, trading and underwater exploring. The controls of the submaries take a bit of getting used to, but the scenery is beautiful and the darkness of the depths is extremely atmospheric. I've never played another game quite like it, but I'd highly recommend it for anyone who's interested."
,Recommended,446790,35505359,Posted: 5 October,all,Challak,"I tend to love games that are uncommon hybrids of mechanics/genres, and I love underwater settings.This one game me full 3D art and 6 degrees of freedom while driving the sub, a cross-sectional ""FTL""-style approach to crew and supplies survival/management, some limited roleplay and decision making with a visual novel style, and an interesting ""hidden object"" mechanic for finding hidden loot when you've docked with a location or another vessel.Very interesting, I enjoyed it!I do agree with the reviews on finicky controls and a wonky camera though. I play with a controller and some things are frustrating, especially the torpedos.Example: I STILL haven't hit with a single torpedo. On a controller you're supposed to hold LT until it locks on and then release. When I do that the torpedo flies off straight in whatever direction I'm facing, ignoring that entirely."
76561198040139726,Recommended,446790,29685596,Posted: 3 February,all,Midiamp,"Love the atmosphere and the art direction. The controls took some time to getting used to, but once you get the hang of it, it's smooth sailing or whatever the correct term to control a submarine with."
,Recommended,446790,29712595,Posted: 4 February,all,[KOKS] Kosmos,Awesome game!I really enjoyed commanding steampunk submarine in post apocaliptic sea world.Only thing I miss is harder battles and hits to specific modules not to boat as a whole.
,Recommended,446790,29725638,Posted: 5 February,all,LeNordisteFou (⊙_◎),"The game is fun and I don't quite get most of the negative feedbacks out there. Yet I was also originally going to write a negative review due to a bug preventing game progression... but less than a few hours after reporting it, a patch is already out this sunday. People still wake up and work on the project they love on sundays? WOW!No way I can do anything but upvote this !!! This game deserves much more than it's currently mixed rating."
,Recommended,446790,29684152,Posted: 3 February,all,Xaikus,"Well this game is not good and not so bad overall. I purchased this game because I want to play a game with naval combat, survival game and a bit story line similar to the game Sunless SeaThe Pros-Good mix of 3d and 2d elements-Dcent naval combat-Graphics is okay-Decent map size-Decent survival elements-Devs are listening to comunity-Not so high specs needed to play this gameThe Cons-Extremely easy get lost during quest and exploration because there is no waypoints and quest lacking of hints-No manual save and players should rely on landmarks to save and its easy to lost minutes or hours of gameplay if you carelessly die exploring-Camera issues-Control issues (can be considered gamebreaking)-Laking of flora and fauna (like no octopus in the deep sea?)-Crew and inventory bug issues-No option to disable surivival elements (food/oxygen)"
,Not Recommended,446790,29676727,Posted: 3 February,all,quantumgaz,"Let me tell you a story, once long ago this game was added to my steam wishlist based on what looked like a fun game with some very unique ideas. I enjoyed the videos which told of a grand story about bravey, comradery and the drive to continue on a journey. A journey that would take me to the depths of the ocean in a Jules Verne inspired submarine, all these things made it an instant add to the wish list.I would check regularly on the progress of the game to see if there was any new content or videos to watch and soon it was available for pre-order with a release date so naturally I pre-ordered to get a collectable sub and some of the game's lore in the form of a journal.The day arrived and steam started the download and I waited in anticipation to start my journey to find humanities salvation and the start of a new golden age. I was imaging an intro with the same voice that did the orginal video that orginally drew me to the game, but alias no voice over or any version of a decent introduction to draw me into the games world.No worries, I still had the game play, characters and world exploring to look forward too, so the intro was skipped and a new game was started.The first thing that greets me upon a new game starting is the controls or more so the view controls. I know that a sub is slow move and change direction that is understandable and I appreciate the attempt at realism but dear god I need to be able to look around without crashing into things, the other thing the camera loves doing is going behind rocks and other items while you are trying to look around or pilot your sub. Very annoying in the middle of a battle especially when you are trying to perform some complex manoeuvre. Try piloting a sub through a tight tunnel with mines while the camera is showing you the behind of a rock.So overall game play suffers due to some stupid view controls and what is with the sub moving while you are viewing the interior surely the game should pause or at least slow. Nope full steam ahead captain, while you look at the interior hope there is no mine in the way. This makes it very jarring to switch between a non moving view and a moving view, which is not helped by the view controls as you get your bearings from the change in view.So if we set aside the controls and look at the characters are they any good, do you want to build a relationship with your crew while you search for lost treasure and the salvation of mankind, the short answer is no, they are very two dimensional, they lack personality this could have been helped with some more back story and maybe some decent voice overs to build character. So what happens is you lose interest in their well being as you cannot build a relationship or bond with them.So then what about the world that the game is set in, now this is where the game shines you really do feel as if you are deep in the ocean. The world is beautiful and a fair amount of care looks to have gone into the creation of this world along with subs. The interior art is very steampunk styled this includes the character art. The overall graphics are decent not hi-res but good. The compass and maps could use a lot more work to make navigation easier rather than a chore.The music is decent but does not always fit the environment that you are in, light hearted music is not something that should be playing while you are searching the depths, it should change to fit the environment. Dark and heavy down in the depths while lighter near cities and the surface.At this current moment this game needs a lot more polish, the controls need to be fixed as a priority as this will allow people to get on with playing the game rather than them giving up in frustration. I would only recommend this game to people that are willing to work with a rough diamond of a game else I would suggest that you wait until they start releasing patches.Pros:- The overall world the game is set in- Lore, a lot of work has gone into the world history- Game art, Jules Verne inspiredCons:- Damn view controls and camera. Throw it out and rebuild it.....- Aiming and combat controls need a lot more work.- Voice acting and character development, make us care for our crew- Music needs to fit the environment"
76561198344508660,Not Recommended,446790,29831643,Posted: 10 February,all,c0lly,"Dear Buyers,This game had all the potential in the world to be a good game however instead of a free world of exploration it is a step by step game which I personally found pretty boring. Again if you like these sorts of ""open world"" games than go for it!"
,Recommended,446790,29861820,Posted: 11 February,all,macros2308,"I would give this game a 4 out of 5.  There are a few problems that I had with Diluvion, and I will get to those first.  The largest problem this game has, is that it is too SHORT!  I want to play more of it, I want more story, more customization, more ships, and more intrigue.  Other issues involve lack of instructions about what to do next.  It is not always clear where to go or what to do next.  The game is very strong armed in making you figure things out on your own, especially by not giving you your location on the map, but when instructions on missions don't help make up for that, it can get a bit frustrating.  Also, any time there is dialogue and you die, or just go into town, all the dialogue is refreshed, making you go through it again and again.  There were also some points where I had to restart quests because I accidentily skipped forward past the beginning parts; which is something that is bound to happen when not much direction is given.Despite these short commings, Diluvion is a beautiful and well thought out game.  It is fun to explore and find landmarks, the story is engaging, and the characters are interesting.  The combat and ship customization are enjoyable, sometimes difficult, but with practice less so.  There are options for buying multiple ship types, weapon types, and even a homebase that is upgradable.  Unfortunately, your base doesn't show up as a landmark on your map, making it difficult to find sometimes.  The story is good, for what is given, but there are a lot of strings that are hinted at, that are never fully flushed out because of the games short length.  I only spent about 18 hours playing the game, but most of that was putting around exploring the map and trying to figure out where to go.  I imagine, following strictly to the story line, gameplay would only amount to 5 or 6 hours, if that.  I think this is a fun, interesting game, and definitely recommend it, if for nothing else, because there is very little else like it that I have ever seen, and the underwater world they created is gorgeous.  I truly hope that updates and expansions on this game are forthcoming.Sincerely,Macros"
76561198047300788,Recommended,446790,29979103,Posted: 16 February,all,Herecumsdatknutboi,"A beautiful journeyAmazing game. The only issue is its short campaign. The soundtrack was on point and gave a grand, epic feel to the size of the world. Which is good considering the world is not that big. The final song in the credits gave me just enough to be satisfied.Reaching the surface of the water after the insanity of the final battle had me in awe.I really hope there is some expansion in the works. I really want some closure onJay and Victoria's story.Unless I'm a moron and I missed the ending to some side quest. That also reminds me. I felt the history of the royal houses was explained at a bare minimum. A tad bit more of world building wouldn't have hurt.Also in the endless corridor, Alison kept saying she was picking up the Iron Minnow. They never spawned in no matter how many times that dialogue was triggered. I'm not sure if it’s a glitch.So in short, Diluvion is well worth your time, and is a unique and magical experience. Buy it."
76561198029536997,Recommended,446790,29757856,Posted: 7 February,all,Sinopian,"I have a lot of games and so few reviews, but I could not stop myself about this little interesting, fun, and even eerie title. Very good and an unique game in a way. Some players find controls awkward ( sometimes I do ) but devs add options for that; for exp: pov . You can adjust camera proximity, mouse sensitivity in settings menu (which was a big issue for some players). And please mind that its a submarine you drive, so of course its reaction to your commands is slower than any other vehicle. It doesn't just go here and there; it floats; takes its time to maneuver, to hit your target is difficult for less experienced ones(like aerial combat sometimes). Other things like weapons, different ships and upgrades I like all of them. There can be more ships or upgrade options but in the end its not an AAA game. Just buy and play already!"
,Recommended,446790,29684221,Posted: 3 February,all,zeek3d,"Its kind of short but then again i didn't binge play it a bit.  The scenery is prety and the battles are rather fun.  Anyway, i normaly don't write reviews for games so i actualy have no idea what im doing here but what i really want to say is that i enjoyed this game and i will probably play through it again."
76561197998866605,Recommended,446790,29855941,Posted: 11 February,all,gpcstargate,"I don't do reviews often ... But I felt I should do one for this DiluvionSo far I have 38 hours in this game and have enjoyed almost every minute of it ... I'm an Explorer type player [ leave no leaf OR BUBBLE unturned ] and haven't gotten to map 3 yet which is the Abyss near end game, I think.Enjoy sinking the pirate ship abound and hunting for loot.Hunting for loot .. helps you build your ship and crew.When you load back in after a save .. the maps stay the same .. but the loot changes up and the pirates move about.Yes the game has HAD and has a few bugs, but the developer has been really good about keeping up with them and working hard to get this game running as it should as far as I can see.Saving the game is the hardest problem at the moment ... because of the auto save system, which you have to find the Green Fish and they will save your progress - but once you learn where they are, IT'S no big deal .. The developer is working on a manual save for the game - so if you need to stop and leave you can, without hunting for the save point.Some of the Youtube channels have done injustice to this game, because they haven't check control or setting optionand are having a hard time playing it or just don't really care. [ Just my thoughts on this ] .. I have watched many.Last words ... I'm having alot of fun so far, for some it could get boring or some say repetitive ... BUT that can go for any game of this type after playing awhile.So have Fun and Enjoy"
,Recommended,446790,29954548,Posted: 15 February,all,Morbic,"One of the better Indie games I've had the pleasure of playing in recent memory. The game description says it all and, in my opinion, Diluvion delivers on all counts: ""Diluvion is a 3D deep sea, Jules Verne inspired, exploration game with RPG elements and thrilling submarine combat.""The gameplay reminds me a lot of Rebel Galaxy and, as of this writing, the controls are intuitive using an Xbox One controller. There's a FOV slider that you'll want to make use of, especially if you're playing with a 21:9 monitor, the soundtrack and graphics are polished and well done, and the ~$20 pricetag makes it an absolute steal."
76561198008195120,Recommended,446790,29709712,Posted: 4 February,all,benjaminblak,"I've seen a lot of people complain about the controls... This in my opinion is a very slight learning curve to any player and I'd say it's welcome. The storyline is great, the art approach to this world is fitting, and the way you search for items on quests are challenging enough without getting too frustrating.I've also read that some people find the combat scenarios with other subs to be hard to handle... I disagree. Once you have a good understanding of the controls you're good to go! I've taken down 2 pirate subs at the same time, and this is before I was able to upgrade my sub for the first time!If you're the type of person who enjoys to upgrade and level up their characters (or ships) like most RPGs, or likes to experience a fresh way to navigate through a game. Then this is for you!Or you can always go back and play the repetitive stuff you're used to."
76561197970722005,Recommended,446790,29709055,Posted: 4 February,all,CT 441,"I bought this game when I saw it on youtube, it takes a while to get into it but it's fun! The ending I definitely did not expect ;)"
,Recommended,446790,29710152,Posted: 4 February,all,Jasta,"Really original take on the 'space' combat/trading style game. Fantastic story, amazingly pretty graphics let down a little bit by some niggly gameplay issues that sometimes mean certain things aren't as obvious as they should be but all in all a really impressive indie game.UPDATE - Devs have put in some fantastic work fixing the controls and camera system making it MUCH more playable. Can really recommend this now."
76561198000710280,Recommended,446790,30010406,Posted: 18 February,all,MonkeyHarris,"Post the latest patches Diluvion is worth a look for a different, polished indie game.  It certaintly won't be to many people's tastes and there remains many frustrating game design choices (such as the crappy map)  but it is easy to pick up and fun to play."
76561197970995828,Recommended,446790,29995945,Posted: 17 February,all,Chodasaurus Rex,"Nice game albeit not very long for game time from start to finish. Visually nice. The idea of trundling around underwater in a steampunk style submarine stealing loot, killing pirates (and merchants) to upgrade to better subs and weapons is great. A wider range than 3 subs would've been nice and maybe a bit more time to develop the character with traits etc would be great but all in all its a decent game, especially for the money."
,Recommended,446790,29682638,Posted: 3 February,all,Sriracha Cupcake,I for one quite like it.
,Recommended,446790,30647464,Posted: 20 March,all,"Dr. RAD, PhD","Very good, but also very short and a bit lacking in ships and weapons."
76561198120705977,Recommended,446790,33053238,Posted: 30 June,all,The Tash,Diluvion is such an amazing and beautiful game totally worth the £15 pounds
76561198106279514,Recommended,446790,29672477,Posted: 3 February,all,nickwj13,"I do like this new game, piloting the submarine is a little hard, and attacking is a little rough, but it can be learned."
,Recommended,446790,29680355,Posted: 3 February,all,Doos Ecks,"Ok, now that the controls have been fixed, I can now fully recommend Diluvion.Diluvion is primarily an exploration game with light RPG elements and while I wait for Subnautica to update, diluvion scratches a certain itch of mine. The graphics are more artistic rather than realistic, but they still look good. The 2d interface is surprisingly snappy, though the npcs could have a bit more variety to them.Overall, diluvion is a 7.5/10 for me."
,Recommended,446790,29690028,Posted: 4 February,all,FassQi,"complete round one(1/1) review.my computer runs it perfer, no crash or bug so don't understand negative reviews ;)Ocean stuff is one of my favours.and the theme is different from Cthulhu style. This more like a reality ocean.ONLY 3 area! max level 3 base! 3 types ship and max level 3 for each ship!(HL3 confirmThis game just too short for me... I wanna taste more.but I won't recommend it to someone who has thalassophobia (deep ocean phobia).some screens cause tension or heart attack easily."
76561198018115928,Not Recommended,446790,29669818,Posted: 3 February,all,Jin_Jenkins,"So first things first I'm using a controller so my bad experience with bad controls may differ from other people that used a keyboard.If you want us to use the shoulder buttons to adjust throttle thats fine but using the left stick to change depth the way it works now ruined it for me and i shall try to explain myself as best as i canIf you push the left stick up, your ship will rise, if you push it down, it will sink. Sounds simple, but when the ship constantly moves along the horrible camera angle towards the cursor more often than not your ship will sway around when you're trying to adjust your course and maneuvering your ship will be tedious as hell. This is because turning left and right is also located on the left stick.The game is beautiful and I'd really like to see more of it but as it is right now, the controls are very off-putting and I'd like to see a control scheme that makes you feel like you're actually maneuvering freely through water.Right now it's clunky and unintuitive as hell.On the positive side the devs have made it very clear that they are working on the issues and have already fixed some gameplay elements the community found off-putting, but fixing the control scheme will take time.So:Pros:- Active Devs that give a♥♥♥♥♥♥- Beautiful Atmosphere- Glorious Artdesign- Relaxing SoundtrackCons:- The absolutely godawefull camera angle- The clunky unintuitive controlsAt this point i can't recommend buying the game because the Cons outweigh the Pros but we shall see if this changes with time."
76561198209576765,Recommended,446790,32760278,Posted: 25 June,all,R0gU3_T0@$T3R,"Very well done game, i really like the openworld. The subs themselves arent bad either. This is a really nice game if you want action and adventure in the depths of the ocean."
,Recommended,446790,29658193,Posted: 2 February,all,DIE_Kuehlung,For the price it is ok.The controls is something you need to get used to.I'am not dissepointed.
76561197977683557,Recommended,446790,29698363,Posted: 4 February,all,Feelefant,"This is a really nice game. I can't understand the bad reviews mentioning the ""clumpsy"" controls. They are nothing special and after one minute of practice you get it. Only thing to know: hold W for free look.The graphics are nice and the music is good. I am still at the beginning therefore I can't say too much, but I miss a bigger variety of sea animals. Maybe I will find some later in the game.If you played and liked the game ""Subculture"" you may also enjoy this one.Give it a try.So, now I am in an new area and it becomes much better. Also the story is interessing if you don't mind to read everything."
,Recommended,446790,29698423,Posted: 4 February,all,Tall Meat Bag,"The proper mix of moody darkness, a neat art style, and cool sub designs."
76561198077348744,Recommended,446790,29697045,Posted: 4 February,all,Raen,"First of all, the game delivers visually. I really like the art style, and the fact that you can change between exterior view to control the sub, and interior view to talk with people, crewmembers and do micromanagement is great.The only real complaint I have is the controls. While controls are only one aspect of a game, they are a big aspect. Although I do enjoy the game as a whole, the controls do often make it a chore.When in outside view, you can move the ship up and down, accelerate and decelerate and quickly turn left or right. The mouse controls the camera and the ship will slowly turn into the direction the camera is facing. It will also fire in the direction the camera is facing. So far so good.The first problem is that in outside view, the ship is positioned off center, to the left. That makes it a bit hard to determine where the ship actually is and where it will go.The second problem is that although the ship reacts instantly to keyboard input, it takes a while until it adjusts to the camera.It would have been better if the ship was placed in the screen's center.There are a few other bugs, such as dialog options resetting after relaunch. But those are smaller things that probably will be fixed in a future patch."
,Recommended,446790,29669748,Posted: 3 February,all,Harlequin,"Video/LetsPlay:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_wTotKgMqQoThis is overall a great game! For anyone who is curious, please watch videos to determine if its for you, because this one has no difficulty options and 100% relies on you just learning the mechanics to get better. Diluvion Is an underwater exploration game with a heavy focus on efficiency. Learning how to Survive and how to make the most with little will be the difference maker in this game! You will HAVE to make sure you learn the more in-depth fighting mechanics yourself, and overcome giant sea monsters, pirate ships, and navigation without anything to rely on except your wits.With that said, i 1000% recommend picking up this game as it has vast replayability with small procedurally generated enemies, ""bases"", outposts, loot, etc.. plus multiple ships you can explore with!"
,Not Recommended,446790,29883834,Posted: 12 February,all,Damotron500,"Very frustrating.. half the time i have no idea what im supposed to do, no explanation as to why you are supposed to do it. The game content isn't finished or fundamentally lacking, and the limited missions that were there, were really buggy. An evil enemy submarine attacks you repeatedly.. no reason why, and you never find out, and you dont get to kill it. Final mission came, i got to some place, didn't know why i was there,  spent so long milling about trying to understand what the point was, and i ran out of air. The game has lots of available submarines, but the content only supports using 1 maybe 2 types. You can build and upgrade a homebase, but its redundant. I never used it.Basically.. lots of potential, but lacking in depth to make it work."
,Recommended,446790,29722569,Posted: 5 February,all,Bullet Ferret,"I love the world the art and everything else about this game except one thing certain. Fully flushed out Subs like the Atlantica class the biggest sub in the game the one you see docked and partroling around the House Scion (sp?) is locked behind the a wall as a Kickstarter Exclusive. There is also a version of the Glaicer, Lionfish, and Lancer class subs that are behind that wall. Same with the Preorder Derringer ship, preorder wall, and the same with the fleet edition Manta, ce wall. I love the game but at first wasn't recommending it due to missing content, but with the possible future releases of missing subs I can recommend it. Because the subs behind the wall are not just reskins they are custom loadouts and are considered rare by the Diluvion team and there are no others like them it kinda hurts.Edit: Changed to Recommended due to the dev in the comments reaching out, It's good to hear the Atlantica and Huron will be coming to Steam users as an intended release."
,Not Recommended,446790,29900770,Posted: 13 February,all,WolfSpider,"a deep sea game with shallow game mechanics and very tiny samey areas, not a very fun experance but more a mediocre one.if you don't get lost trying to find your own way or foolishly think there's something interesting and different to be found then you can complete this game probably around 3 hours that is if you skip the generally awful story and non-characters dialogs , don't worry about missing character development as the game doesn't really bother showing you it."
76561198008636885,Recommended,446790,29694135,Posted: 4 February,all,SirRobin,"There are definitely parts that need tweaking, like the controls.  Its relatively minor though.  I'm really enjoying the gameplay, setting, and music."
76561198303352344,Recommended,446790,29727655,Posted: 5 February,all,Cpt Griswald,"A fun intresting game with some real 'depth' (ha ha...ha). In all seriuousness I've enjoyed what Ive played thus far. The dev's are listening to the players and creating updates to things almost on the spot. Overall the game functions well, haven't ran into god awful bugs, combat can be challenging and remains interesting, searching the ocean for supplies isn't awful, art, music, and overall desgin great!Some of the things I would have liked to see is a little more character interaction and development. Maybe some more flora and fauna. A better crew ogranization system would be nice and the last thing is a beacon of some sort for the home base...other than that its a pretty sweet game. Look forward to future work!ps: I dont normally write reviews but had to once I saw how crappy the game was rated on day one...it didnt really deserve the the massive negative reviews. Anyway happy sailing!"
76561197983688659,Not Recommended,446790,29656550,Posted: 2 February,all,Mr Zurkon,"Let me start by saying the movement is not good. It is clunky and really iritating to control when you are trying to move about the world. And the map...oh lord the map. I think its a great idea to have a fixed map and you have to ping your sonar the gather information and landmarks in the area. All I ask for is a little blip on the map where your sub is. Without that you find yourself backtracking and getting lost constantly since everything looks so similar in an area. I was lost in a minefield for 20mins because of this.BUTIt is a great game, they have done an awesome job with the world. Everything looks and sounds perfect, from the music that plays while you wind your little ship through a destroyed ocean floor all the way down to the little clunks and pings as you inevitibly bash into stuff.The combat is pretty vanilla but since I have only played 2 hours I am going to give it the benifit of the doubt and assume it will get a bit more fleshed out later in the game.The subs are really cool and the art style when you enter a station or view inside your sub is brilliant, love the voice acting as well it really sells the main characters. Sadly normal NPCs are very generic but its not a big deal since most of the time you just want to sell them stuff and move on.I would say this game is a solid 7/10 for me. That would shoot up if even one of the issues I listed above was fixed (please be the map)Well worth the money though and I will update the review as I play more, any questions let me know!UPDATE: The pre order subs you get are way worse that what you have by the time you unlock the ability to change to them so I consider that a waste of time. There is also a very annoying bug that keeps happening every time I leave a place which is I get asked by the same guy if I know how torpedos work.I am slowly getting used to the controls but they are still terrible, also the option to hold down W to keep my heading then look around with the camera flat out does not work for me. Other people have said it does and others said it dosent.UPDATE 2: I have changed this to negative. Now that the beauty of the world has worn off I sadly see this for what it is. Something that had so much potential but missed the mark when it comes to its core mechanics.The map has become the biggest issue for me now that I have adjusted to the janky controls. A game with this much traveling needs to have some sort of indication as to where your sub is. The compass helps to an extent but unless if you actually discovered the place its like finding a needle in a haystack. The golden fish that are meant to show you the general direction are unfortunately useless. They direct you into walls or down dead ends that you then need to spend another 15mins backtracking out of. They also lead you to places to stock up etc on your journey but half the time that is the complete oposite way you need to go so when you dock there they tell you to turn around.I am still getting the infuriating bugs with my crew where they keep wanting to talk to me only to repeat the same dialog I have read 10 times before.I think I was looking at this game through rose tinted glasses because of how amazing the world felt but when that wears off you will probably be left disapointed like I am."
,Recommended,446790,29991895,Posted: 17 February,all,caLi,Cool but also a very weird game.
76561198079628609,Recommended,446790,30115310,Posted: 23 February,all,NeoDukeNukem88,"Great game, By the way my name's Blake Songne, hopefully you guys can add some more lore about the sonngne family :) I'm a sfm animator, Duke quest ascension etc, Duke vs vegeta, anyways THE GAME REVIEW.I been playing everyday, I have two problems, I understand it's underwater and murky, but give just a little more clarity, and please by all means get rid of the crazy green fish when saving I like the orange fish pointing me in direction, just add a rotating saving icon or something it's a huge turn off the whole magical green fish feels less realistic. Now when i say great game, don't let it go to your heads, we need to be able to set way points, you also need to add a system which marks already searched found places.I absolutely recommend this game, but I'm afraid people without patience would return it, so maybe add a option for casual gamers to set wave points the entire time, me nah, I like exploration. Buy the game you wont regret it.I own a key for Dusk thanks to a great bud at new blood, Diluvion and Dusk truly show just how diverse unity can be."
76561197964984594,Recommended,446790,29686133,Posted: 3 February,all,Newter,"What the♥♥♥♥♥♥is up with the mouse sensitivity? It's a beautiful world. I wan't to see it. On the lowest mouse sens. I move the mouse 3 centimeters and I've done a full 180 degrees. WTF? I usually like more sens. in my FPS games, but this is ridic. Fix it fast. That's #1."
76561198209119621,Recommended,446790,30174700,Posted: 25 February,all,[EXIL] Future Pyro,very very good
,Recommended,446790,29697192,Posted: 4 February,all,e dragon,"This game is beautiful but very difficult, crew will die, you will die, and there is almost no hand holding for navigation. you have to learn how to use a map(that dose not show you on it) and compass.However i do recommend this game because the atomsphere is great and a wonderful soundtrack."
,Recommended,446790,30360220,Posted: 6 March,all,Forevermuffins,"This game... is really good, quite unique in gameplay and scope; and solid art direction. The controls and content may not be for everyone but for me it was quite engrossing.Alas, even the depths are not endless and it is somewhat short considering the potential scope and possibilities on display; I can dream of an even greater game with similar mechanics and breath one day and hope it comes to pass."
76561198008005078,Recommended,446790,29712760,Posted: 5 February,all,[Luka!]Robo_KC,"Doesn't seem like it deserves all of the bad reviews.The game is relitivly cheap, the first that i have seen from these devolopers, and could honestly use more support.While at times tidious the game is still a blast, I would appreciate plenty of things being more fleshed out, but after the first map area everthing is already looking better from a gameplay aspect.*If you can't adapt to a different way of movement, or a different perseptive. Probably not the game for you.I don't expect this game to be updated, but I would expect a second game based of this world to take from what the other positive, but constructive reviews have said. (no need to restate something that other people have covered just fine.)"
,Recommended,446790,29680643,Posted: 3 February,all,Cpt. Facetime,"The game looks great but the movement/camera control is a nightmare.wait for an update or saleEdit: Update fixed the movement/camera, no more complaints here"
,Recommended,446790,29885968,Posted: 12 February,all,Hallowfest,"This game was one I had been looking forward since it first popped up on my steam dashboard. From stunning music to the creep of the dank dark abyss, I loved this game! There were a few things that could use some tweaking such as the controller settings resetting after so long, and a minor brightness decrease in the teal fishies when your game saves. Other than that I loved the story, loved the combat, and loved the MUSIC! I can't wait for further expansions or even the sequel! Keep up the great work and know that I'm an avid supporter of this game."
76561197993156632,Recommended,446790,29875561,Posted: 12 February,all,Prof.McMuffins,"A rough diamond!Very enjoyable game with a bit of room for improvement.Great graphics! A unique art style for the characters and places helps to be drawn into the world.The otherwise steampunky yet partially futuristic look fits the theme perfectly.The gameplay is extremely fun!Progressing your own sub through the story and the world is how it's meant to be. You start out weak and slowly work your way up the food chain.It's rewarding to gradually learn how to manage your resources, know your way around the map, etc.The world does not feel empty, there's plenty of things to explore, scavenge and improve.The combat is wonderful with the small exception of not being told how to change your cannon-type. A tooltip or mini-tutorial once you bought your first ""real"" gun would have been helpful.Best features:- Navigation is great: no mini map, no position marker. Just your sub, your map and yourself!- Combat is lively: Having to manage your ammunition while keeping an eye on your air-supply makes for some strategic decisions and sometimes menacing situatios. Especially in early and midgame the danger feels real.Critique:- As mentioned before: explanation of weapon-switching is needed- To avoid wasting precious storage room it would be good if some items had a clear label to state if they are useful for you or if they can be sold without worry. (I ended up carrying around a useless item half the game in case I need it for upgrades later)- An option to qick-dock to refill air tanks would be appreciated. It takes you out of the submerged feeling if you dock some place (you've been to before) to refill and having to wait until the camera takes you into the structure just to imediately leave again.- Quests could benefit from a small summary of the mission specifics. In the beginning a quest like ""Go to Tonnesburg"" could use a small hint, like ""go east"".- Your home base could use a marker on the maps.Feb 12th, 2017 Patch 1.16"
76561197991683283,Recommended,446790,29884180,Posted: 12 February,all,Cig,"Well, since Aquanox isn't on the horizon yet, i decided to try Diluvion. And gosh , this is even better! Its one of those gems you find once in a while. Its a vast world, with deep deep trenches......and you can feel it. I guess thats the best thing about this game.  You feel the depth. Hopefully this game will get a lot of attention soon. Cause its worth it. Go get it."
,Recommended,446790,29877617,Posted: 12 February,all,MelhemX,"I enjoyed playing Diluvion alot dispite some annoying bit and peicesi think this game is good for a game of it's genre. it is not the top notch game, but it is worth a playthrough or two.the game shines in some areas and fades in others.-the game looks quite beutiful espically in the upper areas (area 1 and 2) the lower area is kind of beautiful but is hidden by how dark the lower area is.-the story is kind of interesting espically torwards the end.-combat is ok, some weapons are very good, and some others are kind of useless.-the cemera is kind of ok(since that patch that add the option to rotate the cemera indpendantly of the sub), it still shows  area that should not be seen such the emptiness behind terrian and stufff.-the RPG element is ok, though i seen better.-the game sounds are great: in music, area sound effects, combat sound effects, ext. they are great. the sound mostly are realistic.In conclusion i give this game a 7.5/10, it was worth it."
,Not Recommended,446790,29671552,Posted: 3 February,all,Joey,"This game is unfinished. Tons of unfilled potential.I'm a big fan of challenging games like FTL or Darkest Dungeon ( I REALLY REALLY HOPED this would be like their baby) but I view bad controls, camera and gameplay frustrating NOT challenging.-you have have camera locked on one side without the option to move it on the other ""shoulder"", so you WILL find yourself crashing into reefs quite often-why is there NO FREELOOK? Especially in a game where navigating is crucial part of the gameplay and you need to look around. You have to stop your submarine to look around without endangering yourself - why?-when there is animation that slows down act of internal submarine view the time DOESN'T stop, your submarine is still moving towards unknown faith while you are hastily trying to assign your crew to the right places. If developers intended this game to be fully real-time why are there no hotkeys to speed things up for you?-I was unable to find any configurable hotkeys whatsover...and the list goes on and onI'm willing to pardon that the game crashed 2 (!) times in 50 minutes because I'm sure the developers will fix this (note that I'm NOT running a stone age pc setup).Also game presents itself to be much darker than it actually is. Hopeful music in the dark depths of the sea just doesn't appeal to me. That's ofc feelingish thing, some people might like it, I personally could see this game to be an ocean horror in a good way.Here we are. My first refund in about 10 years or so.Call me back when you are ready.GAME NOT FINISHEDIt's in Alpha/Beta stage"
,Not Recommended,446790,29655674,Posted: 2 February,all,Sir Francis,"Feels and plays like a late pre-alpha. Do not buy. I mean, it's not even an early access, it's a game released as complete.The Ugly:- horrible, disasterous controls- 1/18th arsed dialogue. ""Press V."" Ok. ""What do we do now, Helmsman?"" ""Did you know that the port is to the west, Captain?"" ""End."" Verbatim, 100% of the time.- horrible, disasterous 2d interface. I don't know how can one ♥♥♥♥ that up- the map doesn't make any sense. Since everything is in 3d, a map can either be a slice at a particular depth (with notable objects projected onto it), or an estimate shape of the biggest mass. Seems neitherThe Bad:- music sounds not horrible, but feels completely disconnected from the game contents. It's ok, though, since there's no atmosphere to break immersion from- golden fish and all the flashing gives a headacheThe Alright:- shooting feels quite nice- the visuals for active sonar pings are beautiful, definitely a move in the right directionI could imagine a nice game based on that concept. This game doesn't even start to come close. It's an illustration of a couple design ideas that never comes together. Needs about a year of dedicated polishing in every aspect, separately."
76561197964217450,Not Recommended,446790,29670779,Posted: 3 February,all,Memnoch,"I have only played a very short while but I have already found that I have issues with the games controls, something that no matter how great the game may become later on I will continually fight:1. Control schemeYou have A/D to make tight left and right turns, Q/E to increase and decrease depth and W/S to move forwards and backwards. You can also use the mouse wheel to substitute the W/S keys. However forward and backward are not directly mapped to fowards and backwards. Instead they are mapped to a ships throttle, you know, the ones with full reverse, flank etc. While that sound really cool in theory, in practice it means you end up feeling like you have no real control over your boat and end up either pottering along slowly or running headlong into obstacles. The boat will also track the aiming reticle unless you hold down the W key which ends up being a kind of freelock. Which brings me neatly on to:2. AimingThis seems to be largely hit and miss. Perhaps its a combination of things. An inexperienced crew, limited aiming arc etc. but I found that even when close to a target and a reticle directly over it you would still miss. I suspect the issue might be down to the fact that you aren't looking down the barrel of a gun but are in fact looking over your far right shoulder due to the viewpoint chosen. Which leads me to:3. Viewpoint i.e. camera positionRather than having the camera directly beneath your boat you are instead over on the right hand side. This, for me at least, makes it more difficult to judge your aim against targets or whether you will even be able to fit through a gap without hitting something than it needs to be. I understand that the devs. tried different viewpoints and found this works best but I would suggest that you leave that decision in the hands of the player and let us choose what's best. Additionally I found that the camera would fly about when approaching other objects i.e. the camera buts up against other objects and gets moved. It's worst when travelling backwards and/or when approaching objects close to the right side. It causes the camera to drift around laterally quite dramatically and is quite jarring.I know that the dev. has recently posted about potentially changing this in an upcoming patch. But I will be mindful of the 2hour and 2 week limit for refunds. Hopefully they can deliver in time but if not......As ever, YMMV but these are my initial thoughts and are so fundamental to my experience and enjoyment of the game I can't see myself enjoying any of the content with this barrier between me and it."
76561198027580392,Not Recommended,446790,29677758,Posted: 3 February,all,Steelsorrow,"This game has a really cool premise, but it's held back by a number of issues that are pretty much immediately apparent.1. The controls, whether on a controller or M/K are wonky and unintuitive. They feel floaty and unresponsive, which I understand is supposed to convey the feeling of piloting a submarine underwater, but that is not the outcome.2. THE GOD AWFUL CAMERA. My word, the camera ios attrocious. Even with the FOV maxed out, getting a good view of your surroundings is really hard. The camera also is hard locked to a single point on the submarine model, so swinging the camera around is extremely jarring. Finally, I'm not sure if this was just me, but I foudn that during combat my reticle didn't seem to line up with where my projectiles were headed.Interesting idea, interesting art direction, but simply a poorly made game. Avoid at full price."
,Not Recommended,446790,29671168,Posted: 3 February,all,GoldMaster,"The game has a great story and cool setting, but the horrible camera and controls suck any enjoyment out of it. Please please please rethink these controls and you'll have a lot more satisfied customers."
76561197998964861,Not Recommended,446790,29760504,Posted: 7 February,all,Southern Wind,"I expected to explore the underwater freely, but the game force me to go here and go there. I had to follow the line. Underwater world is so dark. I can't regognize what is what. Sight is too short. The map did not tell me where am I."
,Not Recommended,446790,29681551,Posted: 3 February,all,DarkMyth,The game just seems like it's lacking content the world could have been so much more alive but it feels like they didn't finish the game.  I don't have any issues with the controls or camera angles others were complaining about they seemed fine to me.
,Recommended,446790,29728394,Posted: 5 February,all,JohnPaulGrim,gg
,Recommended,446790,29765067,Posted: 7 February,all,cbratt1000,"First off if you are reading any reviews about this game, know that if someone puts a BAD review and it has less than 2 hours of game time, then they really didn't play it enough.Okay let me say this game is not what you expect it to be but that is a good thing. It is a very short game if you grind through it or just run all the quest without trying to get the achievements. This is a great game in many repects:ART:This style is close to something of Valint Hearts, FTL meets submarines, when you dock and see all the 2D designed characters, then undock and get thrown back into a 3D world. In the begining its a little jarring but you will get used to it.Gameplay:Shoot the bad guys and pilot your sub, there is some inventory managment but mostly pretty easy  to follow.Pros:-Fun story and interesting characters-Dynamic combat, not too advanced but keeps it light and easy-New way to think of navigation-Ship upgrades and mild custom painting-BUY the MANTIS it is worth it.Cons: *Take these with a grain of salt because most of these aren't irritating but they don't drastically affect gameplay*-Controller/Keyboard + mouse is a little messed up with selecting inventory-Weapon selection is messy-Lack of inventory space on ships other than the MANTIS-MANTIS cant go to -2000m-Sonar on controller stick is a buttThis is a really well developed game that makes me want to go back and explore more of it even after the campaign is complete. Controller is best way to play I give it a 8.5/10, totally worth it."
76561198014313584,Not Recommended,446790,29936218,Posted: 14 February,all,chadtindale,"Man, I want to enjoy this game. Really, I could enjoy this game... IF...If the controls were more intuitive. If you enjoy controls that take a long time to master simply for the goal of being non-standard, then it's fine. But I've often felt that controls should FAVOR the immersion. Help me into a story. Not be as realistically irritating as really doing the thing ought to be. It's like flavor text, in that it's striving for immersion, but where it lands is ""difficult to feel comfortable with"".If the Combat system had a tutorial or a slower ramp up. While trying to master the controls, you're put into combat. No big deal, you've got guns, fire them. After finally realizing the slow shoot, miss, projectile based combat, I finally killed the first enemy. But I was nearly out of ammo by the time the second one found me. And at that point, my options are ""skip the learning parts of the game"" or ""die"". I'm not saying be easy, but maybe ramp up a little softer. Or make ammo refill with air tanks.If the RPG elements were engaging. Most of the RPG elements amounted to 1) Dialogue trees which have one option and 2) that option is only ""move the story forward"". I wanted my choices to feel like I was playing a character, but instead it feels more like the ""choices unlock goodies"" style of RPG where all that can be gained is simply items. And that's kind of lame.What it has is wonderful. It has the framework of a great game that I would play for years and think about when I wasn't playing. The crew management idea. Fantastic. The under sea exploration? Marvelous, I'm terrified of the deep. But the lack of a ramp up, the controls which keep you from getting immersed, and the bad RPG elements, just make this game kind of a mess. If this were an alpha, I'd give the notes to try making more standard and less creative controls. Streamline the combat so it feels cohesive and not just an irritating part. And finally make the RPG choices be story, not bonus hunting. As it is, this game is too expensive to be this difficult to enjoy."
76561198009973920,Recommended,446790,29657469,Posted: 2 February,all,Bredera - Devil Flower Mantis,"I always wanted my own submarine and go on an adventure and now i can!pros:- Beatifull graphics and design- fluid controls (gamepad) and dialoque system.- exploring the seas is amazing- beatiful soundtrack- fun missions-combat is cool and rewarding- I love the landmark and compass mechanics in place really feels like finding your own way in the ocean which is awesome (and if you are really lost there are some nice fishes who will guide you to a landmark from which you can orient where you are)cons:- sadly no voice acting- some fps dips here and there but few and far in between- while the controls for gamepad are amazing and fun to use keyboard and mouse is a bit clunkyoverall:damnn what a fine game this is, if you love exploration,navigation and submarine combat this game is right up your alley!"
,Recommended,446790,30430993,Posted: 10 March,all,Enigma7x,"Diluvion as it stands is an intruiging start to what can be a content-thick, lore and character driven adventure. At the moment, the game ended before I wanted it to but that is more so a positive statement than negative. I really fell in love with the world and gameplay.Positives+The lore,environment, and story are mysterious and engaging+The asthetics range from beautiful and wonderous to pure nightmare fuel+The soundtrack simultaneously makes the world feel alive and tragically lonely+The gameplay is unique and challenging+You truly feel rewarded for mastering the mechanics of the game+By the second gameplay zone you truly get invested in the stories of the worldCons- I wanted more lore and dialogue- I wanted more game-time- There is an apparent lack of variety in money-making strategies- The objective of the story was clear but could have been developed moreMany of the criticisms from the major review outlets have either already been patched out or are in the works to get patched out per comments made by the developers on the game's subreddit. Most of the Cons are also just consequences of being a small indie studio. This game has had a fantastic start and has serious potential in future content. Definitely worth a playthrough - it can be as quick as you want it to be but there's no shortage of sub-battles to hunt for if you're looking for more."
,Not Recommended,446790,29724134,Posted: 5 February,all,Gruehagen,"This is a game that is concept is grand but in delivery is poor. I played about 3 hours into it and got tired of saying to myself ""WTF?? That does not even make sense."" This is some of the top things that are on the list:1.> The Navigation is absolutely horrible. It makes no sense. You get maps but you cannot even get an approximation of where you are. Now this would not be so bad if you were not living and dying by tanks of air. Your characater grew up in this sub-oceanic world but never learned how to plot a map.2.> Obsviously, everyone else in this world must have solved the air problem. I use case in point I have to hop from air to air for a top off but I merchant can hit a mine and be stuck on the sea bottom but apprently has no fear of running out of air.3.> I ordered the deluxe edition so I got the Manta but apparently everything scaled with it since I am having to shoot ships 8-10 times (hits). Not even trying to figure it out. It is sad when I went back and got my old ship since the manta was not really worth it.4.> Just senseless deaths like the mining station. I take the first mssion and collect the wire and when I go back up there is a quake and ice falls .. DEAD. So I hide under the station and ice clips through the station. DEAD.This is a beautiful exploration game that frankly is nickel and dimed with enough inane things that cause the enjoyment to be sucked out.I really wanted to enjoy this game and visually it is wonderful. It is the mechanics that need re-working. This could be the perfect game for the casual player because it would be coth relaxing and entertaining. Only if."
,Recommended,446790,29675701,Posted: 3 February,all,The Invincible Nuka Cola,"I really love the game. I really enjoy the theme and music making me really sink into it with all it's bugs. It definitely does have it's issues. Controls could be better, far better. Aiming could function a lot better too. I am running into a lot of issues myself with fighting the first boss. Still for the price I can't complain. I definitely can't complain with the purchase and would recommend it to anyone that wants to play a fun dark themed submarine game since they are rare for that.Pros:+Amazing theme+Fantastic music+Love the art direction+Gameplay loop is rather enjoyable if you like looting and exploring.Con:-Bad controls, aiming can be frustrating specially in boss fights.-A lot of small bugs, such as loot nodes loading on top of each other, ship AI crashing into things, and getting pulled through objects to dock.-Combat can be random and unfair. Sometimes an enemy you've killed will two shot you.-I notice bugs with speed of resources depleting at seemingly random."
76561197972163296,Not Recommended,446790,29805770,Posted: 9 February,all,Gearotic,"I really want to like this game. I like the art style, I like the music, I like the gameplay.Unfortunately it is unplayable due to poor performance. Sad, but I have to refund. I might consider buying it again later if the performance issues are resolved."
,Not Recommended,446790,29671112,Posted: 3 February,all,SpAxx,"Probably the most anticipated game on my list for the last 2 years. When I saw it was finally available, I jumped at the chance to purchase it at 15% off - what a deal!But, before you make the same mistake I did and jump at this game prior to watching any gameplay for yourself, know that this title is NOT what the development team originally promised. While the game looks good, it plays like garbage.We were given a hint that there would be a multiplayer option, which is no where to be found. We were promised a world to explore that didn't use the same exact textures over and over again, which is also no where to be found.The controls are impossible, there is zero voice acting and the overall audio is muffled to the point where even when the in-game volume is turned up all the way, you can barely hear anything.WE WERE PROMISED MORE.Let's just say that if you buy this hulking pile of lies and deceit, a refund won't be too far away."
76561198076243914,Not Recommended,446790,30014632,Posted: 18 February,all,theherolike,"This game does a great job of stranding you right from the very first quest (it's a gather quest, btw), which I was not even able to complete due to:You cannot see yourself on the map. This makes no sense. You always know where you are on sonar. Are we grasping for realism or tediousness?The first quest tells you to fetch an item from a place that is not even located anywhere on aforementioned map. But hey, the radio is in an unmarked place with a name! Go nuts, you crazy person!Money is a bit scarce, and while I suspect that this is intentional, it is a bittooscarce at times. You need money for food (more crew = more food to buy, but more crew = better buffs = oxygen depletes faster = oxygen tanks are insanely expensive).What I did like was how I could glimpse sinking hours into simply exploring the deep sea--while ignoring the incessant submarine fights, golden fish that lead you to the main hub for no reason, and pinging my sonar at nothing.The hook/dock idea is cool, I mean as a concept, it is exciting and creative.It is a bit repetitive, too:Swim, ping sonar, loot sunken thing, fight that bad guy sub, oh, no, a current.Characters seem to end their investment in having any complexity after you first meet them:Literally the most exciting way I got a crew member was she broke herself free from jail while I was clicking on her speech bubbles. After she joined me, the jailer would only respond with, ""GET OUT!"" Zero consequence. Listen, I know it's an RPG and it's a small game, but really? And she doesn't even do anything else after that except--wait for it:N O T H I N G"
76561198169396504,Not Recommended,446790,29678644,Posted: 3 February,all,PlazmaSquid,"I'm really sad because this looked like such a great game.first off. the Camera is just a nightmare, even on the lowest settings, the camera is just uncontrollable.With that, not being able to control the camera it really effects the aiming and just makes it very frustrating to go anywhere. You will be getting stuck on walls a lotStory: nothing speical.art: is ok. its pretty.Game play as a whole, I was coming in thinking it was going to be more 2D sid scrolling than 3D diving.Its really a shame the transition to 3D model to 2D landscape is really friggen cool.Other than that, ""Controls"" are the biggest problem that is holding this game back. maybe it will work better with a game pad but with a mouse is just unplayable."
76561198026764468,Recommended,446790,29657487,Posted: 2 February,all,Nyarly,"Steam like review: First playthrough: Turned around a lot, got lost when the map is only a corridor, used too much oxygen, got my sailor killed by a madman... I'm a great submarine captain 10/10 !!!Serious review: The game is more a simulation/survival game than action/adventure!I'm still at the begining of the game but all you have to do is go forward with ups and downs!Combat isn't terribly entertaining and I haven't seen a lot of it just yet but it's not the main purpose of the game!The underwater world is filled with school of small fishes here and there, some guiding you since there isn't any kind of map or compass to tell you in which direction you're going so even though the game only ask you to go forward (at the moment) it is still hard to tell if you're going in the right direction.There is a lot of obstacles, other submarines, mines, crashed ships, bars, prisons and what not!Globaly the graphics are pretty nice if you like that kind of thing.What will strike you and what makes the game really interesting is the interior view, when you dock to a crashed sub, a building or press the V key, you get to see a zoom on the side of it with cartoonish 2d graphics as seen in the screenshots and you get to talk to your crew, ask advise, get to know them, interact with the world (like opening a crate and finding loot) and talking to other ppl where you sometimes get multiple choice which might affect your adventure (positive or not)The story told this way is really entertaining added to the music and you get quite an enchanting world there.The goal of the game is to reach the depth of the ocean but you get to manage your food, your oxygen and your crew as well as the max depth of your sub which will need to be upgraded just like your weapons and so on.Going up or down is a manoeuver which can be delicate as you do use a lot of oxygen by doing so but it refills each time you reach an important enough building.You can manage different speed and going full speed ahead isn't a terribly good idea either as you might quickly crash into something or fail the docking manoeuver (done by pressing R, a cable is launched then your crew dock the sub automatically but the speed and side of your sub while docking can be important).As said above, you need to manage and upgrade your depth and be careful not to go down too fast or too far especially as the game is inviting you to go deeper... The crush depth is globally a very satisfying thing to manage and adds a lot to the gameplay.Another interesting thing is that your crew members have RPG-like stats you will need to assign them to different parts of your ship knowing they each have their own utility.I am not far yet in the game but can already tell it will be a great experience later on as the world isn't boring at all... I was a bit afraid to be bored quickly but the game keeps you entertained with all kind of events and invite you to explore and get bigger and stronger.You regularly meet bounty hunters and other subs who are aggressive or not towards you, when a combat start, you can start shooting with left and right mouse button, switch the type of ammo you fire, etc.The combat is rather slow and can lead to turning around each other... don't know if it was meant to play this way but this is how it happens for me as a heavy sub.There seems to be different way to play the game following the kind of sub you're piloting but as of now, it seems to be limited to light and fast sub to avoid battles, medium all or heavy slow destroyer.TLDR; Diluvion is quite a good game, interesting mechanics and gameplay which will keep you hooked for quite some time, do not take it as an action kind of game as it plays more like a simulation/survival, nonetheless, it is a great game though not so memorable maybe."
76561198249332994,Not Recommended,446790,30279774,Posted: 2 March,all,Imagn8or6,This game would be good if not for one thing... it gives you now help with tasks and basicly says find this with no guidance
76561197978214212,Recommended,446790,29702958,Posted: 4 February,all,pyrex11,"Pros:-Beautiful-Amazing thematic music-Charming, hand-crafted 2d art really drives the storyCons:-Difficult controls, has a bit of a learning curve-Navigation by dead-reckoning takes some getting used to-Checkpoint save systemOverall still a great game with a few kinks that can make it hard for new players to get into, but worth the effort."
76561198031106978,Not Recommended,446790,29749127,Posted: 6 February,all,jcolquho,"More action adventure. Very little if any RPG.  From the get-go when you are plopped down in a finger-like cave, gives an illusion of openess but in fact extremely linear story with little replayability.No ability to have individual saves; guess i'll try to find a waypoint or circle back. Many NPCs are clickable but say nothing and do not advance the story; as a whole feels unfinished.Controls, wayfinding, and combat take some getting used to even with the sliders.P.S. why do I have to keep clubbing deranged sailors behind golden doors with a crowbar? You never even get to see them. It's enough to put this submariner off from opening doors in the first place."
76561198035814366,Recommended,446790,29675543,Posted: 3 February,all,True Sun,"finished. but hey, did you know that there is storge bug that duplicate items? lol"
,Not Recommended,446790,29751974,Posted: 6 February,all,Drakoneous,"I'm conflicted on what to write for this review...The idea behind this game is AMAZING! The setting and graphics are cool and I love the audio...However, bugs and a limited timeline/story are holding this game back.The devs had the opportunity to create one helluva game here and they just fell short by making the story extremely linear, not expanding on the history of the story and then just ending the game at a random moment. I was expecting the game to be at least twice the length that it is and then it just...ends....Overall I would have to say that because of the total lack of depth ( pun intended), I'm very dissapointed in this game. Even with the ability to replay ( in order to play with the other 2 subs) I will be uninstalling. I beat the game... no sense in playing again."
76561198110382014,Recommended,446790,30629640,Posted: 19 March,all,KicKGirl,pretty cool game but i want this game to have multiplayer
76561198044983601,Not Recommended,446790,35187329,Posted: 24 September,all,Chet Donnelly,crashes constantly.
76561198060790305,Not Recommended,446790,29696180,Posted: 4 February,all,RECORD,"I had high hopes for this game after watching the trailer but after playing about an hour or so I can conclude that it needs improvement. When boarding shops, subs, etc you can still get attacked by other subs. Another issue that people have been complaining about the camera controls. However, I don't feel that they are as bad as people say they are.  Lastly, the game seems awflully bland to start out with, wandering around to find a landmark so you can follow the golden fish is a hastle. Furthermore, enemy ships are placed in your path but it feels more of a hastle fighting them off then actually enjoying the battle. I want this game to do well but until these problems can be fixed I will have to not recomend this game."
76561198063945591,Not Recommended,446790,29728821,Posted: 5 February,all,Tricksy,It'd be a brilliant game if the crew didn't have to eat every 3 damned minutes.  4/10.♥♥♥♥♥♥survival elements that do not need to be there.
76561198050806401,Not Recommended,446790,29676273,Posted: 3 February,all,Plomo,"I can't find it playable for all the reasons you can already find in all the other negative reviews (camera/movements). Also, the mouse sensitivity is way to fast and you can't do anything about that. You just can't, and no, i'm not the only one with this issue.So, this doesn't look like a complete game at all, it rather sounds like another EA to me. I'm going to wait until i see significative improvements before i keep playing this. Otherwise, i'll ask for a refund within the 2 weeks limits.Edit: nevermind, i read the more recents reviews and i'm going to ask for refound right away.Maybe in the future this game will be better. Let's wait."
76561197971887513,Recommended,446790,33918361,Posted: 30 July,all,SpiderJerusalam,My video review:https://youtu.be/V4clqYOej5s
76561198063388018,Not Recommended,446790,35162451,Posted: 23 September,all,Salty Sis' 4U,"Controls are finicky, Captain's time ought to be toggled and really... It's just rather 'meh'."
76561198321025411,Not Recommended,446790,30204890,Posted: 26 February,all,7thgenss,"I have played my share of games which require a bit of research to get started. I often enjoy having to discover game mechanics through trial and error & absolutely love underwater exploration games. Diluvion is full of so many incredible ideas and I would love to see this game succeed. Unfortunately, this game fails to execute any of these incredible ideas in a relatable manner.I truly do hope that one day the developers listen to their player base and fix this potential gem of a game."
76561198076491205,Recommended,446790,29767080,Posted: 7 February,all,TRON,like!
,Recommended,446790,29680766,Posted: 3 February,all,Clim_3lixir,yeee.I've had 0 problems with the controls.Music is good.Gameplay is interesting and well executed.0 problems with the controls.
76561198021051045,Not Recommended,446790,29891441,Posted: 12 February,all,delicious.crab,"More than a week after release and the game still crashes on load for me. There's been no developer feedback past ""oops, this might be a unity issue."" I really looked forward to this game for a long time, and I'm not happy that I'm now having to request a refund."
76561198012164669,Not Recommended,446790,29768530,Posted: 7 February,all,Snaptat,Great idea.. Great concept.. Terrible controls... I spent two hours and never got comfortable. There must be a better way?
,Not Recommended,446790,34867283,Posted: 10 September,all,Ghostly_smoke,"Feels too much like an Early Access game (Sadly, that's too typical nowadays).  Bugs and glitches galore.  If you're lucky you won't experience them.  I tried to get past the begining ""tutorial"" and exploring whatever wreck in the begining.  I took depth damage and still nothing, I couldn't get past it.  So I headed to the first town, checked it out, but there was really no going from there if I couldn't get missions.Also, I had troubles with crashes on startup and some random times during my play throughs."
76561198024529671,Not Recommended,446790,29754119,Posted: 6 February,all,Smegal,"The simplest reveiw ever, the controls are♥♥♥♥♥♥ the world feels choked and they could have expanded a lot on it. The 2-D innerworkings of the ship was off putting when compared to the rest of the world and game. Buy it when it is like $5 bucks or something, play Subnautica instead."
76561198084935483,Recommended,446790,29675533,Posted: 3 February,all,iMSaiyan,"Good game, the controls are a bit funky but so far it seems promising. You recruit sailors as you travel the sea while salvaging items and building up your ship. I'm not too far into it yet but the soundtrack is amazing.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MGXTQGKTDxw&feature=youtu.be"
76561198143679981,Recommended,446790,29656045,Posted: 2 February,all,Terminator,"Amazing game, the graphics are beautiful. I've been waiting for a game like this to come for too long."
76561198059493490,Not Recommended,446790,29684000,Posted: 3 February,all,pinkyufop,Camera View stll terrible with the new update. To look forward you need to aim to the right and if you center using the settings you cannot aim. Other point is that you still don't have any directions or clues to find undiscovered places. Gold fishes directions doesn't work properly.
76561198220545541,Recommended,446790,29657203,Posted: 2 February,all,claricons,all in all inovative new ftl hit & run game :D
76561198086544083,Recommended,446790,29658552,Posted: 2 February,all,PRITCHARD,:) fun good music
76561198064477188,Not Recommended,446790,29691340,Posted: 4 February,all,The Gobbo King,I'm not really sure what it is about this game but it just isn't interesting. I thought it would be. You should watch a let's play but this game just lacks...excitement
76561198042349935,Not Recommended,446790,29747288,Posted: 6 February,all,aurondenengrad,"great concept, broken as all hell, shouldn't have been released in it's current state"
76561198012581473,Not Recommended,446790,29659415,Posted: 2 February,all,Chrisman01,"Wanted to like it, but the controls, camera, and combat are terrible.Your sub is very awkward to control.  It partially follows your mouse aim, or you overcorrect with the keys.The camera is so close and off to the side that it's impossible to navigate tight spaces since you have no depth perception or situational awareness.The crosshair doesn't even line up with where you need to aim in most cases, especially when the enemies are moving quickly.Unfortunately, after only 40 minutes, I saw everything there was to see gameplay-wise and had to request a refund."
76561198162195129,Recommended,446790,29786301,Posted: 8 February,all,Artemis,nice game dod i refund lmao
,Not Recommended,446790,29727951,Posted: 5 February,all,panzer 6 gamer,"gt 300 series graphic cards and 4 gb of ram enough to play this game but I have 2012 asus rog laptop which has i7 cpu , 16 gb ram and gt670mx graphic card but its working so bad and sometimes graphic going to work slow.... game is great but playing is worst. menu selections are not enough and useless. graphic option is worst af. camera movement is too much worst. but I want to wait for the new updates and wish to work great !! also I will write to support."
,Not Recommended,446790,29684352,Posted: 3 February,all,Nitrox,"Broken turd of a game. Art and music are great, but controls and gameplay are horrendous. Buy it on sale, if at all."
76561198150929789,Not Recommended,446790,30610765,Posted: 19 March,all,Roguetwo,"Pre ordered it after watching the pc gamer episode on YouTube, unfortunately was disappointed,"
76561198055759960,Not Recommended,446790,31910902,Posted: 22 May,all,Crash,"clunky, boring , repetetive and tedious"
76561198008822037,Not Recommended,446790,29659345,Posted: 2 February,all,Zelliott,"Controls are painful. Controller basically doenst work when inside a sub or buidling. No tutorial on how to do anything, not sure theres anything to do other than get stuck in corners."
,Not Recommended,446790,29656666,Posted: 2 February,all,Ne0,"You only see glamour on the store page. You only see glamour at the start of the game. You only see glamour. Press/hold down ""E"" you will see this game is an unfinished mess undeserving of any postive feedback."
76561198008257420,Not Recommended,446790,33115299,Posted: 1 July,all,s_ferg,Tried twice to get through the tutorial... keep ending up in deadend caverns.. with no way up and no way down.
76561198004574208,Recommended,446790,31250346,Posted: 19 April,all,Dryani,This game was a wonderful experience.
76561197980039642,Not Recommended,446790,29678477,Posted: 3 February,all,ZigZag WarChicken,"Crap,  just crap,  what a waist of money"
,Not Recommended,446790,29658764,Posted: 2 February,all,SilentGamerGirl,im giving this game a thumbs down but it is subject to change if the game improves from its bad chariteristics.In a way this game reminds me of a Slush Puppy and the reason is at first it looks mouth watteringly good and the first few mouthfulls its the bee's knee's and then the next few is a sore head and the next few after that is the killer mindfreeze.only diffrence is the Slush P{uppy is better cos then at least you actually have a greatdrink if you leave it to thaw out into a flavoured drink lol.
76561197988520397,Recommended,446790,29748409,Posted: 6 February,all,Drakord,Bought the game and refunded because i cound't stand the controls.Bought the game again two days later because the devs have surprisingly fixed them!!! :OWell done guys! I´m shocked & happy :)
,Recommended,446790,29974477,Posted: 16 February,all,Andrwmorph,I thoroughly enjoyed this game. It has a fantastic spooky underwater atmosphere. There were a few small issues when it launched but they have all been solved via some very quick updates.
,Recommended,446790,29974682,Posted: 16 February,all,KenobiSon,"Best Game I've played in years!Only took me 15 hours to complete it, but the quality was top notch. Controls are stop on and the combat is just hard enough that your worried every time you get in a fight that this might be your last. Especially on higher difficulties."
76561198087469501,Recommended,446790,29972728,Posted: 16 February,all,The Sexiest of Potatoes,"Lots of fun if you enjoy undersea exploration. Still a few bugs to be worked out, the walls are not friendly to large submarines (looking at you Manta) and a few other largely innoffensive bugs. Art and sound design are amazing, they really nailed the Jules Verne aesthetic. The game does have a ""learn that you need better gear by getting your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you"" approach to large battles and enemies. Several times I got my teeth kicked in by new enemies since there was no indication as to the fact that they were packing vastly superior weaponry. 8/10 would get pulverized by deap sea mostrosity again."
76561197968183997,Recommended,446790,29733859,Posted: 5 February,all,Dregur,"I have to say, it seems I bought the game at the right time. After seeing several negative reviews of the game, I was sadden because the concept of the game looked amazing to me. So I waited, as I read the forums to see what the devs were doing, and was happy that they were taking feedback into account. I just played this game for 2 hours straight, and I can see myself keep playing. I like the rpg lite elements with your crew, and I like the exploration and the use of landmarks instead of necessarily holding your hand to get your barings. The combat is a cross between submarines and broad side ship battles now that the camera and controls options have been included. It makes the game so much more fun."
76561198024937458,Recommended,446790,29732337,Posted: 5 February,all,Stalgrim,"Probably one of the best games I've ever played. Immersive, easy to understand, challanging at times and endlessly interesting. Some of the best environments I've ever explored. The lnger I played the more I wanted to play.The controls take all of 10 minutes to learn, they're simple and intuiative. Give this game a chance and I doubt you'll be disappointed."
,Recommended,446790,29735841,Posted: 5 February,all,Gunnerline,"A flawed, but unique and charming game.  The control scheme is odd, and the game can be frustratingly obscure in explaining how certain actions work.  But if you are willing to put a little extra effort (and peruse the steam forums for a spot of help from the community) there is a beautifully crafted world to explore with your band of misfit submariners."
,Recommended,446790,29750139,Posted: 6 February,all,Emperor Solaris,amazing game i have been having a blast so far!Pros: lovely artstylegood boss battlegreat soundtrackgood storylineactive devscons: wonky controls (they are being improved)ship sometime bounce like a baloon and defy physics
,Recommended,446790,29734190,Posted: 5 February,all,SewerCat,"Exactly the kind of game I've been looking for. Tons of great features, love the art style, mechanics are great, gameplay is solid, the controls can be tricky at first, but they feel good once you get the hang of it."
,Recommended,446790,29734409,Posted: 5 February,all,D0OMZDAYZ,"Updated Febuary 7th 2017 after completing the game story.IntroductionDiluvion was a game that I thoroughly enjoyed during the majority of my playthrough. There are issues but the small team at Arachnid games have created a gem of a game that fufills a small niche that few games that exist today can address.SummaryDiluvion contains aspects from a few genres but can be best described as an underwater adventure game. As the Captain of a Submarine, you spend the majority of your time exploring an underwater world: making discoveries, interacting with characters and keenly observing the environment. As you explore the world you will come across many interesting and beautiful landmarks such as ruined cities, sunken ships & submarines and strange temples. Many of these landmarks contain small information entires that further flesh out the games lore and world.Story and CharactersWhile the games premise and world is interesting and mysterious, the execution of the story and progression could be better. As you journey towards the deepest part of the ocean further information and story is revealed about the world and the characters you intereact with. Unfortunately, much of what is revealed is either irrelevant or has no impact of the actual events in the game. There is a subplot that delves into the history of one of your crew members but unfortunately it's resolution is a little anti climatic and disappointing. A similar feeling resonates for the game's ending. Perhaps the ending is open to interpretation or is intentionally cryptic but it seems to me that ending was wrapped up too quickly with huge relevations being revealed shortly before the games end.While the story is weak in areas, the characters that you meet and interact with throughout the course of the game are charming and interesting. More crew members are introduced as you progress and I quickly grew attached to each of them such as the wise-cracking Kat or snobby Alison.  Occasionally your crew will make comments on major events and discoveries, further enhancing the world.Combat and EncountersAs you journey to your destinations, eventually you are going to run into trouble. Hostile submarines and other threats roam these waters and all of them are looking for a chance to turn your sub into scrap metal. This is where the games combat comes into play. Engaging enemies isn't as simple as charging straight towards them and spamming the fire button. If you do this (which I certainly did) you are going to get destroyed, especially once more powerful enemies - and even bosses - are introduced.Instead you must use strategy, patience and timing in order defeat your attackers. Similar to FTL, each submarine in the game has stations that can be manned by your crew in order to improve their effeciency and usefulness. Properly manning these stations is essential to achieving victory. Usually while in combat you will want to station your crew in offensive positions to improve your firepower and accuracy with weapons. However, if things start going bad you may be forced to flee a fight in which case you may want to move crew to improve engines or repairs. Enemies can still attack you while you station your crew so you must think quickly and keep in mind which crew member should go where. The best strategies I have found are to attack at a distance with torpedoes or broadside your enemies with well-timed shots to conserve ammunition. Fighting enemies is fun and engaging and defeating a poweful enemy with barely any health or ammo left is immensely satisfying.Interestingly, many enemies can be avoided entirely but there is a disadvantage to this. The sonar system allows you to 'ping' the environment to reveal landmarks and places to explore and loot. However, each time you send out a ping, you will reveal your location to enemies who will then be drawn towards you. This risk-reward system adds a further layer of depth to the gameplay: pinging frequently will reveal more loot and landmarks but result in more combat encounters. It will be up to the player to decide how they will explore the environment.Economy and Additional ContentThe loot that you collect can be sold at towns or to traders for currency that can be used to buy a variety of items such as food to feed your crew, ammo or repair kits for your submarine as well as to hire new crew members to improve your submarines stats. One issue that I have is that many items are exorbitantly expensive when compared to how much currency you can gain from collecting loot. Many of the hours that I spent in the first area were spent revisting areas I had already been to and grinding for loot so I could buy more air tanks or upgrade my ship. The only other method I have discovered for gaining extra money is to visit a certain guild where you recieve money for landmarks you have discovered. I think the game would benefit from additional bounties or quests that you can complete for addition currency.Outside of the main quest, there is a small amount of additional content the player can pursue. Players are actually able to purchase a home base that they can upgrade with additonal modules and services. You can purchase additional weapons for your submarine in order to diversify combat a little more (some weapons are better for certain situations). You can spend quite a bit of time puchasing and upgrading all the submarines in the game. There are skins for your submarines (which the game calls emblems) that players can collect. Finally, there are achivements to unlock.ConclusionOverall I enjoyed what I played of Diluvion. Even a few days after release the devs have been very quick to address many bugs and issues that players have raised, as well as being very active and helpful on the forums. I strongly hope that we will see more of diluvion in the form of DLC, expansions or even a sequel.If you are a fan of games such as Subnautica, Sunless Sea, FTL and other similar titles; I can strongly recommend playing Diluvion."
,Recommended,446790,29680992,Posted: 3 February,all,RatatoskTheSilent,"A little over an hour in and I like it. Freed a potential crew member from a bounty hunter, chased by said bounty hunter  who almost blew up my sub before I fled (and realized belatedly that you NEVER want to sell all your scrap!) Yeah, the camera angle is a little strange until you get used to it and fine control is, well, go slow if you need it. Music is still actually audible (rare) and quite nice. Crew assignment and upgrades are fairly intuitive, nothing yet on ship upgrades, but I'll be visiting a LOT of wrecks to get the coin for serious upgrades from traders. I'll update as I play further. Thumbs Up"
76561198024274857,Recommended,446790,29657851,Posted: 2 February,all,MD Tron,"Very cool game so far. The controls are easy enough to learn, after about an hour of play you will just about master them.  The ships you begin with will be weak but they give you a nice choice in Submarines to start off.  After your first ship upgrade you will see a huge differance in so many ways; Depth, firepower, storage space, crew space...1. You start the game after naming yourself.2.An optional tutorial.3. Freedom of choice, lots of locations to discover.4. The game DOES give you direction and Missions.  There are no waypoints on your map but your compass will show locations you discovered. After you find a location it IS marked on your map. You will need to Navigate using the map, its locations and cardinal directions will give you an idea of your location. Your ship will not show on the map.5. The checkpoints and single save are the Dark Souls elements.6. The Crew managment is very well done. finding crew members is easy, they are scattered throughout the world and can be found in the most unlikly places.  Their are about 5 stations on your ship, not including your home base, that you can send crew members to.  Each crew mate has skills that will increase your ships effective abilitys. Each member can also be upgraded.  Your home base can store unused crew members and can also be upgraded and used to house your other submarines.  You can also find new recruites in your home base and store extra items.7.Money and Items in game seem hard to acquire at the start, but soon you will fall into the world and getting the items will come more easily as you play.8. The loot is randomly generated, wich adds so much worth in exploring.  Each ship you scuttle is lootable and once looted may have multiple loot locations inside, some loot may be hidden. Some lootable options will allow you to send in a crew member to help, with life or death consicensces for that member or Null the consicensces with the required item, like in FTL.9. Ships can be outfitted, I think the system needs work. Still very cool they added the option.10. The world is a great size.  Your first ships depth, before upgrades, can only go -200.  I have not had a chance to go any deeper than -500.  I have not even scratched the surface of the starting depths.  Your Submarine will not be instantly destoryed if going below the recommended depths, but will take damage.  Your ship also has Air tanks you need to manage, you can buy tanks that increase the amount of time before you run out of air.  If you do run out of air, you have more than enough time to find some from a wreck or base.  I have yet to die from either depth or air.11. Diluvion: A coarse surficial deposit formerly attributed to a general deluge but now regarded as glacial drift. (from Latin: flood, from dīluere to wash away)The world is spectacular, immersing you into the universe with every opportunity.  With each conversation you uncover more to the story.I was unsure about the game after the first few hours of play, but as I started getting deeper into Diluvion I relized this game is nothing short of a masterpeice.  I look forward to anything new the Devs might add to the game, it can only get better.I may add more to this review when I get farther into the game."
76561198005406191,Recommended,446790,29908428,Posted: 13 February,all,servvsumbrarum,"I’ll start by saying I did end up requesting a refund for this game.  Now, that is not to say this is a bad game.  Overall, I enjoyed the game but there was something missing to make me want to devote the massive amount of time I can only imagine this game will take to complete.  Not saying that this game is Skyrim level depth, nowhere near but it lends itself to exploration and from what I’ve read there is a decent amount to explore.Mechanically the game is decent, didn’t have the issues that a lot of gamers complain about when it comes to camera angels or mouse issues.  Overall the interface is basic but really leaves me needing more information.  I’d like to know the mechanics without scouring the forums, uses of items and such would be decent, not asking for every nuisance but at least a general break down. Unfortunately, in some ways the game feels a bit like a series of mini-games combined and that is one of the big factors for me getting a refund; potentially there is so much more.Graphically the game is beautiful, well mostly.  The zones and environment are beautiful, the subs and capsules look amazing but the game starts to fall apart at what feel are unfinished character models and the inside locations.  The two frame animations and the ‘Sims’ like voices are interesting in concept but need a bit more fleshing out.Story wise, I love the concept of this game, it is everything I want in a submarine meets rpg  / rogue game with the post-apocalyptic style but the issue is that I don’t know what is going on, why or even more about the world.  All the characters have one or two lines and don’t really go into the narrative and seem to just assume I know what is going on.  This is the single biggest reason I decided not to finish this game.Ultimately, I think this a good game but in a world of good games I had to pass up for conservation of time.  If you have the extra time I urge you to give this a go as I don’t think you’d be overall disappointed."
76561198039354750,Recommended,446790,29951663,Posted: 15 February,all,IrateNigNog,"Diluvion is an enjoyable if somewhat shallow experience. The eviroments are really well done and fun to visit, there are only three zones but they all look and feel compleatly diffrent. The combat is solid, but becomes stale rather quickly outside of the three boss fights due to a lack of enemy variety. It claims its an rpg but there are no rpg elements to be found. The story is kind of sloppy and drops a lot of interesting side stories to focus on getting the player to the end of the game. There is claerly a decent amount of lore for the game but it is all in the captains journal, which seems to be backer exclusive. Too bad because the setting is really well crafted, I would have liked to see more. The devs were passionate about the project but it is feels like they had to cut corners and content. Even though I seem kinda down on the game, it is arock solid foundation to build on, hopefully the game sells enough so that we can see the full potnetial of the game realized latter down the line."
76561198041276637,Recommended,446790,29838137,Posted: 10 February,all,Ponyz,"Great Fun, once you get used to the controlls.Was hoping that once you finished the game you would get a special ship to use on the next play through.Would have been great if it gave you the new Ship, put you back at the start and let you start over with all your other ships reset to level 1 waiting at the Ship Yard for you and have the game get harder on the next run through.Over all great game, couple of small buggs but nothing major.Things that would make the game better besides the above paragraph:Marking your Home Base on the mapMarking a way to travel between the 3 World maps. (you can travel back a map, confirmed just not clearly stated)After killing some ships they float away too fast to loot.Maybe a button the enable and disable the gold Fish rather than going to there check points.After looting, using the Escape key to exit the loot window or vendor would be nice.Maybe boost the ships spot light by about 50%, not all around, just the spot light.A couple of randome quest (side quest) givers would give it an extended lifespan.Best parts:I actualy like the navigation and not having your sub showing on the map, would make it easier yes but using land marks was interesting.The game looks great and sounds great.Enjoyable and interesting storyline, (Text right at the end was a little fast, Pause or slow button please, had to replay the last part to read it all).Have already recomended it to a couple of Friends.Great work on the game!"
,Recommended,446790,29825752,Posted: 10 February,all,(not) Y2K Compliant,"A hybrid of freelancer and bastion under the sea. Probably the closest we will get to a ""depth"" game this decade.Gameplay is solid, Music is exceptional as is the story. Great atmosphere but exploration in the second and third chapter seem a little barebones compared to the first. Would have liked a little more customisation shipside but that's a minor complaint really.8 boarding whistles/10"
76561197991484333,Recommended,446790,29795553,Posted: 8 February,all,Friendly Dad,"This game has a lot of content for an indie game. As for the gameplay, it's fun, and definitely unique. It can get pretty repetitive though, but the graphics and inspired scenery make it more than bearable.However, while the 3D graphics are impressive and varied, the 2D art leaves something to be desired. It's flash game quality, and a lot of it is copy-pasted, so you'll see the same backgrounds over and over often. It's not exactly awful, but compared to the fantastic 3D visuals it is fairly jarring. As an indie game I guess it's to be expected that the level of skill between those working on is unlikely to be equal. In this case, the modeller was much more talented than the artist.I've noticed some of the negative comments have to do with the controls. The initial settings really aren't the best. If you do decide to get this, I suggest changing the binding for up and down to W and S respectively. Also, your sub follows your cursor by default. You should turn this off. You're going to be looking around a lot, and it makes it so you don't have to hold a key down to maintain course.Another negative I saw was for navigation. That's understandable. It actually took me awhile to figure out how this works. The game probably mentioned it as some point but I'm clinically ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ according to WebMD. You have to go to a landmark first to get the path to your next objective. I was just wandering aimlessly trying to figure out where to go. The direction to landmarks all appear on your compass, so they're not hard to find. It's a lot simpler to find your way around then it initially seems.Storywise the game is alright. It's not cringeworthy, and it is possible to get invested in, but don't get it for that. Get this for the visuals. It's best enjoyed as one of those games where you just go around admiring how great it looks, but unlike most games in that category there's actually real gameplay to go along with it. The bosses in it look badass, even if you can just cheese your way through them with ease. One of them you're actually supposed to cheese by picking off its guns from its blindspots, so that one gets a pass at least.If you think the game looks good and are interested in exploring a fantastic underwater world, you won't be disappointed. If you want thrilling sub combat and a great story, well, you can always refund."
76561197968972600,Recommended,446790,29756838,Posted: 6 February,all,AlucarD,"A really awesome submarine game with- great music and sound- nice art style and open world- interesting crew management- challenging battles- devs listening and reacting to the communityFeels a little like in the good old days with ""AquaNox"""
76561198037999256,Recommended,446790,29863293,Posted: 11 February,all,Tools of Math Instruction,I kinda bought it when i first looked at the video and the style of game it is. I belive it is a good game and i like where they went with the setting and the art. There are some tricky parts to like with the camra but once you get the hang it is unoticable . I kinda wish it was more shadow of the colossus type of game. though dlc could change that.  The gameplay is great and the tone of the game is great. Overall a great game  that  would recommend.
,Recommended,446790,30156898,Posted: 24 February,all,theharddrive2,"Nice original concept to the game. Good art and nice music. If you like submarine games, a must for the collection."
76561198059795517,Recommended,446790,30197372,Posted: 26 February,all,Therivox,"#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorFocus on the journey, not the destination. Joy is found not in finishing an activity but in doing it.Music and ambience (e.g. lighting): 11/10Excellent, really does a lot for the experience. just look at some screenshots, if you go deep, its scary, and you have to rely much more on your sonar pulses. Music samples are probably searchable on Youtube.Gameplay: 8/102 control schemes: ""tank controls"", which are good for combat and ""your sub moves towards where you aim the camera"". This last scheme was the original one, and caused some backlash by people, even though it has advantages. I played through it on tank controls, which works well.You pilot a submarine while managing your resources (air to breathe, food to eat, and scrap to fire at your enemies, as well as torpedoes of course).You can hire crew with different stats (which are upgraedable), but they require to be fed more and also breath more of your air. You play the game as hard as you want (no actual difficulty settings yet, the devs are planning to add the option to remove resource management). You want to run a skeleton crew sub? Sure, you can explore and salvage longer, but you lose some bonuses (like auto-repair). You want to run a filled up sub? Good, just be prepared to dock often to replenish your air and buy lots of food.You have a map, and the option to see yourself on it (this was added later as many people complained they didn't know where they were on the map). Which I don't understand, since as soon as you discover a landmark (such as a settlement...), it's permanently marked on your map and you can toggle on and off your compass which tells you where your discovered landmarks are and slightly how far you are from them (by size of the icons on your compass). It's thus not too hard to know where you are on the map, but as I said, you can toggle your position on it on or off now.You choose from 3 starting lines of ships:Fast, weak, few turrets and medium space (but coolest looking, with drills as propulsion)Slow, durable, lots of space (currently the best, since speed is boostable by crew, other stats are not boostable)Medium speed, medium hull, small cargo but lots of turrets (increasing your coverage arc of firing)Kickstarter backer subs (not available if you buy it here and now) and DLC subs (which are upgraded automatically with your strongest ships to the latters level)1-3 have 3 levels, and you will upgrade to them during the story (since you want to get as deep as possible).Story: 7/10As said at the top, the journey is what matters most. You talk to your officers on your sub (in 2d, while the entire other game is in 3d, it's nicely done). They go along with you on the journey, and many dangers they will overcome alongside you.No voice acting for your officers (they do make sound like ""hmm"", ""hrrmm"" and such :)  ), but this does not take away much of the investment of the story in my opinion.ConclusionGood game, do not let the initial reviews scare you off, the developers have almost immediately patched most issues, and seem to be preparing to update the game (at this time 25/02/2017) with extra content (upgradable floodlights, side quest (?) and probably other things)"
,Recommended,446790,30253199,Posted: 28 February,all,TacoCreaM  ✅,The way the gameplay and music goes together make this unique and fun experience this is like ftl meets abzu but then again im a taco
,Recommended,446790,30231079,Posted: 27 February,all,DarkkevinC,"Note; I talk alittle about everything in the game in this review. If you want to be surprised to what this game has, then skip to the end.I suppose I'll begin this review by saying that my experience with this game went flawlessly. Through the 18 hours I spent on the game, I experienced 0 bugs, errors, or crashes. Everything played out how it was suppose to, and in this day and age that is a great feat to say about a game.Now, I heard of diluvion back when it first came out on kickstarter, and I couldnt wait to be able to play it for myself when it finally came out. And I can honestly say it was definitely worth the wait.I didn't encounter any bugs in the game with my playthrough, and if I did, they were too insignificant for me to remember them.Thoughts about the game;Submarine piloting is perfect. Theres alot of ""bad"" reviews from people who've only played the game for an hour saying ""this game sucks the controls are bad"". Its a SUBMARINE, and in this game, it pilots exactly how you would expect a submarine to pilot. (you know, you adjust the throttle to increase/decrease speed, and only use the directional keys to move left/right/up/down) So in that regard, I would suggest looking up a gameplay vid of the submarine piloting BEFORE you buy, in case that kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥russles your jimmies.Atmosphere of the game is really spot on with what to expect when you're underwater. Fog clouds your vision of the distant horizon, so it really gives it that feeling of the unknown whenever you travel anywhere. The ""sealife"" you encounter is mostly an aesthetic, but there are a few moments in the game where that isnt the caseTheres a few giant creatures in the game, and they're as scary as you would think them to beIts technically randomly generated in a few ways. Throughout the game your main currency is ""scrap"", however scrap also functions as your ammunition for your basic weapon. In certain towns you can find shop keepers that sell various goods in exchange for scrap. And throughout the game there are randomly generated wrecks that hold scrap and other various goods. Alot of the game is spent searching the ocean floors for these wrecks to salvage scrap from them to buy what you need, and I honestly I like it. You might have to scavange ALOT to get what you need to progress, but most of the time it isnt just as simple as going from point A to B. Thats when the combat comes inIf this game was a sandwich, the wreck salvaging would be the meat and cheese, and the combat would be the bread and mayo. You really can't have the game be complete without both of them together. Combat is simple; aim your reticle with your mouse over enemy subs, and shoot the !@#% out of them. As I mentioned, your scrap currency is also your ammunition for your basic guns. So it becomes a case of ""should I try to fight this guy to get what he has, or run away to conserve my scrap to buy things at the shop?"" Through the game you get crew members, and you can assign these crew members to certain stations in your sub to enhance the abilites of that part of the sub (guns, ship intergrity, torpedoes, and sonar) However, having a crew member not assigned to any station will give your ship a passive heal over time. More people, the more healing you receive, but the worse your ship performs in the 4 sections I mentioned before. so basically, be prepared before entering a fight!Finally, the 2 ""fuels"" you need to stay on top of, and the story. While going through the game you have a ""food meter"" and an ""air meter"". Your crews needs to eat, and if they aren't getting fed (as in, you run out of food. duh) they leave their station on the ship and sit in thier beds not being of any use to you. So scavange food from wrecks, or buy it from vendors, whatever it takes. Additionally, your ""air meter"" slowly goes down while you're travelling around, and if it runs out, bam you die. Thats it. Sub just blows up and you restart from your last save point. When you enter a town, it automatically fills all your air tanks. You can also purchase more airtanks from certain suppliers as you go through the game, so you can travel for longer periods of time without visiting towns. Now, about save points....VISITING TOWNS AUTOMATICALLY SAVES YOUR GAME, AND THATS THE ONLY WAY YOU CAN SAVE YOUR GAME. Around towns and certain vistas, there's a giant orb of green fish that encircle the entrance port to the location. All you do is enter this circle, and your game is automatically saved. I might be wrong, but this is the ONLY way to save your progress in the game. So keep your eyes out for them. Also, you can find maps for these locations as an item, inside these locations when you visit them. When you acquire the map item, the location will appear on your world map so you know how to get back later. Theres also a compass you can access via keybind that shows the direction you need to go to get to a location, but it only shows that location if you have the map for it. So get exploring.All in all, the only problem I really had with the game was the final area of the game doesnt have alot of things to find/explore. The other areas had PLENTY to find and discover, and the final area doesnt have nearly as much. If you get there, or have gotten there already, you'll know what I mean.Also, this deserves its own little section. The ending sequence of this game is hands down, the greatest ending to a game Ive ever played in my life. Do yourself a favor and experience it for yourself. Watching it in a video or playthrough is not the same as being there yourself.Tl;DR - This game is beautifully crafted in every aspect, and truly captures what its like to be an undersea explorer in charge of your own little submarine. Its not too difficult, but at the same time it isnt a walk in the park. Controls are what to be expected of when piloting a submarine, but if thats too much of a bother for you, I suggest looking at a video showing the controls before you buy the game and then make a bad review of it with 0.5 hours saying ""controls are bad, game suck"". As for bugs, I didnt experience a single bug in my 18.7 hours of play, so idk. Maybe I had good luck. You might love this game for its unique adventure you can't find anywhere else, or you might find it ""boring"" because there isnt an explosion or gunshot happening every 0.5 seconds. Ether way, its only $20. Definitely the most fun Ive ever had with $20."
76561198312062319,Recommended,446790,30327495,Posted: 4 March,all,Spartan Phalanix Amaros,Diluvion 2?
76561198049984538,Recommended,446790,35239949,Posted: 27 September,all,wambach.dakota,"enjoyed the game, difficulty spike is a bit extreeme with swarms of enemies later on.the world is beautiful, if a bit on teh empty side. pirates are fun to engage and combat is fun.would like to see this game realized in a larger open world with much more submarine varieties, and possibly modular subs.overall positive, if not short and a bit early"
,Not Recommended,446790,35321588,Posted: 29 September,all,JawnHenry,Impossible to control with Gamepad.  Can't invert vertical control as in there is an option but it doese work.  Took me 20 mins just to dock at first bar.Unfortunately I left the game running last night otherwise I would get a refund frrom Steam on this one.
,Not Recommended,446790,35432693,Posted: 2 October,all,Dr. Deuss,"The combat is not balanced and very frustrating with the bad controls. Graphics are good and the subs are cool, but that's about it."
